
Sadly, this made it unable to defend itself when a green whirlwind struck the boss from behind, throwing it entirely off balance. The Fallen King also didn’t sit idly back, as while he had made a barrier with one claw, he used his second to attack as a shockwave of force blasted into the robot’s leg. A second barrage of Arrow Rain also struck the boss soon after, with the Sword Saint also following up.

The Chief Overseer wasn’t as weak as to simply fall to this pressure, as its entire form turned into light as it teleported right behind Dina, evading another barrage of attacks. It swung its blade down toward the dryad, but found itself blocked as Bobo, her living armor, was already ready to defend as Dina also turned and slammed her staff into the ground.

A torrent of vines erupted from the ground, entangling and sending the boss airborne, as another Arcane Powershot blasted it to the side, sending even more metal parts flying. The other three also struck again, forcing the robot to turn into a beam of light once more, this time going after Jake.

However, right as it appeared behind Jake, he just smiled as he took a step and teleported nearly five kilometers away, and with a second step, he was back with his party, almost ten kilometers from the boss. This was when they learned the big robot also had some solid ranged weapon options as light erupted from its back and dozens of warping beams shot toward the five of them.

The boss also moved, arriving at the same time as the attack, but its sword found little purchase as a vine erupted from the ground and stopped its swinging arm. A shockwave of force sent the robot flying as the Sword Saint, Jake, and Sylphie all unleashed ranged attacks, resulting in the Chief Overseer getting pushed further and further back while trying to defend itself, revealing several other weapons that all proved mostly useless.

One could say many things about this boss, but it was definitely durable. Despite all of them attacking repeatedly, they had managed to do little noticeable damage, and whenever they did cut or blast off large chunks of metal, the Chief Overseer used some kind of self-repair magic. Alas, even if it looked like the robot was barely being damaged, its energy resources were drained at a rapid rate. The large astral domain did help the robot, but honestly, it barely seemed to do anything as the Fallen King and Dina both messed with it in between attacks.

What the boss also severely lacked were adequate offensive tools. The sword strikes seemed strong, but against the double barriers, it simply didn’t stand a chance. While it did have a lot of offensive options, none of them were truly powerful. Minutes passed, and the boss was slowly getting whittled down until they finally reached the second phase of the fight.

Turning into a beam of light, the Chief Overseer returned to the wreckage of the mothership. It stopped, floating just above the pile of metal as it raised its sword toward the sky. The sword rapidly began to transform into an umbrella-like-looking thing, and at the same time, the astral domain also began to react.

It imploded in an instant, as all the energy that remained in the batteries of the mothership was also drained. A dense barrier of powerful mana surrounded the boss as the umbrella-like thing turned out to be some kind of satellite dish or something because, at the very next moment, it shot out a beam of light toward the sky.

“Kill it quickly!” Jake sent through the Golden Mark as he got the feeling things would get annoying if they didn’t hurry. It didn’t take a genius to figure out the Chief Overseer was communicating with the many satellites they had done nothing about still floating in orbit far above them.

Everyone responded to Jake’s words as no one held back.

A giant golden beam erupted from the Fallen King, shearing away much of the barrier, followed by a pillar of pure vines erupting right below the boss, physically piercing into the barrier and forming cracks all over it. Jake’s Protean Arrow arrived next, as the entire barrier shattered and an explosion of powerful arcane energy washed over the Chief Overseer. Yet, even so, it didn’t stop what it was doing, even if it did move the arm, not holding the transformed sword to form a shield… which ended up doing very little.

The Sword Saint stood right in front of the giant robot as he drew his blade. His entire aura changed when he did, as his entire body seemed to turn younger for a second as he executed what was still the single most powerful attack anyone in their party was capable of.

“Glimpse of Spring: Stormcut.”

As if a new crescent moon of water was born on the surface of the planet, the swing released a massive wave that cut through the large robot. The arm it tried to defend with was cut straight through as half of its body was also cut into, doing extreme damage as several parts began falling to the ground. Yet the Chief Overseer had barely survived. For half a second longer, that is.

A loud boom echoed out as a green gust passed, serving as the calm before the storm. The Chief Overseer barely managed to turn its head as Sylphie arrived in the form of a massive green tornado that had taken the rough form of a drill, Sylphie herself serving as the pointed end.

The entire weakened robot was blasted apart as the beam of light from the sword faded away. Yet as it did, Jake’s danger sense also warned him as he quickly said through the Golden Mark: “Self-destruct!”

Without anyone needing any further prompt, they all arrived at Dina’s location near-instantly as she was already casting her magic. Everyone helped form their own barriers, and just as they did, the boss’ body lit up as it went supernova and exploded, sending out a wave of powerful, destructive astral light.

Several defensive barriers were burned away, but in the end, the death explosion failed to get through Dina’s final barrier. It soon faded as they now found themselves standing in an utterly massive crater, the wreckage of the mothership entirely obliterated. The only trace that remained was a large sword now stuck in the ground in the middle of the crater. It wasn’t far-fetched to assume that was where the access codes could be found.

Also, it wasn’t some bait-and-switch, as the boss was indeed very much dead.

*You have slain [Chief Overseer – lvl 320] – Bonus experience earned for killing an enemy above your level*

*’DING!’ Class: [Arcane Hunter of Horizon’s Edge] has reached level 259 - Stat points allocated, +50 Free Points*

*’DING!’ Race: [Human (C)] has reached level 259 - Stat points allocated, +45 Free Points*

”Well done, everyone,” the Sword Saint said, looking a bit tired as he usually did after pulling off his Transcendent mini-version skill.

Jake nodded as he smiled. It sure was good to have the whole gang together, and they had all gotten substantially stronger, not to mention the second wind of levels that would just make them all grow even faster. It honestly made him feel bad for the poor enemies on the floors to come…

Alas, sacrifices were inevitable in the glorious pursuit of making numbers go up.




***
Chapter 858: Nevermore: Level 260 Class Skill Selection


***






It didn’t take long before they used the access code to finish off the seventy-first floor, having done so quite a lot faster than floor seventy. Also, while it was true these floors were quite a lot bigger than those before, everyone in the party had also gotten quite a bit faster, and when fighting didn’t slow them down as much, it added up.

Activating the Revitalization Protocol took place within one of the towers as all five of them stood together as Jake pressed the big red button. When he did, all of the towers hummed to life, sending beams of light into the sky as they released waves of mana that washed over the landscape. All of the satellites in orbit also began to shoot down beams that infused the world with mana and different affinities, doing just as the protocol said it would. Soon, the satellites would run out of energy and shut down, and the towers were also quickly emptying themselves, putting an end to the experiment once and for all.

With time, the planet would recover, and the towers would just become empty relics that would eventually break down due to environmental factors. Jake and company naturally had no intent to stick around for that long as they saw that behind them, where the teleporter taking them to different towers was, a door had appeared right beside it.

“Well, this floor could have gone worse,” Jake muttered as they all entered the door to the in-between room. Sadly, this one was as boring as the prior ones, with only Minaga having had interesting ones. It still had the same features, such as a door to the latest city floor, one to the next floor, and, naturally, the one they had just entered through.

“The Nevermore Points are adequate, if fewer than I expected,” the Fallen King said.

“I just think our sense of what we should get was warped by the Challenge Dungeon’s rewarding so many,” the Sword Saint responded as Jake also checked over all the Nevermore Points they had gained from the floor – minus the two bonus objectives Jake completed early on.

Seventy-first floor completed. 14200 Nevermore Points earned.

Achievement earned: Activate five tower teleporters within a month (30 days) of each other. 3000 Nevermore Points earned.

Achievement Earned: Never once allow any of the Researchers to enter the top floor of a tower. 3000 Nevermore Points earned.

Achievement earned: Defeat the entire command structure of the Researchers. 5000 Nevermore Points earned.

Achievement earned: Defeat the Chief Overseer without ever allowing it to trigger any of the satellites. 5000 Nevermore Points earned.

Achievement Earned: Do not cause needless destruction or kill unnecessary wildlife. 1000 Nevermore Points gained.

Achievement earned: Activate the Revitalization Protocol. 10000 Nevermore Points earned.

Achievement earned: Complete the seventy-first floor within 500 days while triggering the Revitalization Protocol. 7000 Nevermore Points earned.

Current Nevermore Points: 1,296,125

Overall, the floor had given just a bit over 50,000 Nevermore Points, making it quite good. Less efficient than the Challenge Dungeons, yes, but those had honestly been overpowered when it came to getting points, just as the Sword Saint said. Speaking of points from the Challenge Dungeons, Jake wondered:

“So, I need to ask… do I have the most Nevermore Points with-“

“Yes you do, Jake,” the Sword Saint cut him off before Jake had a chance to unsubtly humble-brag. “Now, do we need a recovery period, or should we proceed immediately?”

Jake was a bit bummed, but with the other wanting to get a move on, he agreed as they went to floor seventy-two.

Right as they entered the door, they found themselves in the middle of what looked like a hastily constructed city square, as the floor description popped up.

Welcome to the Seventy-second floor of Nevermore: Settlers of Kantaan

Jake quickly skimmed the rest of the description, and to sum it up… this was a city-defense floor, at least for the most part. The story was that a faction of different enlightened species had sent people to this planet far away using some special teleportation measure to set up a city in preparation for the rest of the citizens to arrive in a big ark at a later date. The problem was that they had kind of fucked up when measuring what kind of beings lived on the planet already and how receptive they would be to these new settlers.

Because the natives were not happy with these unwelcome guests.

Their job was to defend this city from rampaging beasts from different monster factions present on the planet while even expanding and placing two new settlements for when help arrived. This help in the form of the arc would arrive after five years based on the description, but through different means, they could speed up and have them come faster.

There was probably more to it, but Jake and company didn’t have much time to think as soon after arriving, an attack arrived from a horde of rampaging monsters. They were a mix of dinosaur-looking beasts and based on what Jake and the others later learned, the beasts generally came in four flavors: lizards, mammals, elementals, and even undead.

“There is probably some moral question here regarding settlers just coming to a new planet and trying to take it over unceremoniously,” Jake said, the Sword Saint nodding.

“It’s effectively a form of colonialism,” the old man nodded. “Though the matter is complicated by these settlers having been forced to go here by their faction. They don’t have much of a choice but to go here, effectively making them refugees.”

Dina looked a bit confused as they talked. “Why is it complicated? Isn’t it normal to want to spread out and expand even if you are not forced to? This faction merely wishes to grow and has sent a seed to sprout on this planet.”

“On our homeworld, the act of expanding and forcing out the natives already living there has a very negative history, and for good reason,” the Sword Saint answered her calmly.

“But if any living being needs to keep expanding to realize their Path, it’s natural that others will be pushed away. A tree’s growing crown steals sunlight from those in its shade, and there is limited mana for all to share in the ground below,” Dina said, not sounding like she was trying to argue but was simply confused about why Jake and the Sword Saint even discussed morals in this case.

“Humans from Earth are always keen on discussing the rights and wrongs of a situation. I learned that plenty by attending the World Council we established. Yet they are also utter hypocrites in many matters, including happily encroaching on nature to expand their settlements and industries. As long as they don’t hurt other humans, they tend to show little care,” the Fallen King chimed in.

“Isn’t that fine? Humans are a social species who live together and their Path is to grow through working in unison and sharing Legacies and whatnot. To care about the preservation of humans over the lives of others is just natural,” Dina said.

“You know what, now we’re getting all philosophical again, which we frankly don’t have the time to as the attack arrives in… like thirty seconds,” Jake said. “So, quick vote, do we do the objective and defend the city or try to look for an alternative solution?”

Jake wanted to put things to a vote to finish things quickly, but… well, it turns out no one really wanted to vote, as they simply didn’t have any strong feelings either way, making everyone abstain in case someone did have an opinion. Jake also didn’t particularly care if these settlers were evil colonialists or desperate refugees; he was just there for the levels, and if defending the budding city gave more levels, he was all for it.

On a side note, Jake did think his leveling had been a bit slow on the prior floor, even if he had admittedly avoided combat when he could, as the hunting teams and whatnot weren’t that interesting opponents. Also, the Path Jake walked was one where he wanted to be challenged, so he wanted to avoid easy fights, but still, levels had come slow.

Well, it turns out part of the reason Jake had leveled slowly was that he was just before a level-up when they killed the Chief Overseer… which translated to Jake also getting a level only within an hour of arriving on floor seventy-two.

*’DING!’ Class: [Arcane Hunter of Horizon’s Edge] has reached level 260 - Stat points allocated, +50 Free Points*

Jake got the level, and after only a bit more fighting, all the attackers were dead. At this point, he had already informed his party of his level-up. Everyone gave him knowing looks as Jake retreated from the frontlines and found a little spot to sit and chill while smiling and opening the system menu. That’s right, it was time for an old tradition.

Stolen content alert: this content belongs on Royal Road. Report any occurrences.

*Arcane Hunter of Horizon’s Edge class skills available*

It had been quite a while since Jake had his last new class skill. Back then, he had selected Arcane Supremacy, which had been a great boon, and he was definitely looking forward to what was on offer this time around. With all the Challenge Dungeons, there had to be traces of Records from those in the skills available.

With great expectations, he proceeded as usual and went through his options one by one.

[Superior Arcane Kick (Rare)] – You have shown yourself an experienced martial artist, allowing you to-

Jake kept smiling even if he was saddened to see there were only four new skills available because fuck that shit. So, he moved on to the first real option, even if it wasn’t that much better.

[Cursed Arcane Bolt of Hunger (Rare)] - Allows the hunter to summon bolts of arcane mana containing curse energy to defeat your foes. Two kinds of bolts can be summoned: a stable and a destructive version. The destructive bolts will explode upon impact, and the stable version will be tough and piercing. Stable cursed arcane bolts will have the curse energy be slow-acting, while destructive cursed arcane bolts will act aggressively. Due to the Sin Curse of Hunger, the overall damage of the Cursed Arcane Bolt is reduced in exchange for all damage dealt, now stealing a slight amount of energy. Adds a small bonus to the effect of Intelligence when using Cursed Arcane Bolt of Hunger.

This was one of those skills Jake had no intention of ever selecting but still valued as it gave him some insight into what was possible. It was clearly gained due to his research and improvement of his control of curse energy during the House of the Architect and was an interesting merging of curse energy and Jake’s arcane affinity. Having life-stealing arcane bolts definitely did seem intriguing, even if he wasn’t sure how useful it would actually be if it came at the cost of overall damage done.

Either way, cool skill to look at, but not really an option. Especially not with such a low rarity. Not that the next skill was that much of an improvement either, even if the rarity at least went up.

[Destabilizing Arcane Explosion (Epic)] – Remain unimpeded as you destabilize the world and all that seeks you harm. Allows the hunter to erupt in a destructive arcane explosion with the aim of disrupting all energy constructs and the concept of stability itself in your immediate surroundings. This arcane explosion will significantly weaken all environmental mana and objects and is incredibly effective at dismantling enemy energy constructs. Adds a bonus to the effects of Wisdom, Willpower, and Intelligence when using Destabilizing Arcane Explosion

He wasn’t quite sure what to think about this one. Was he going to pick it? No, definitely not, but the concepts in play were a bit surprising. The description told him that it was possible to directly attack the concept of stability itself using his arcane mana, which was… well, wasn’t that pretty much what the acid Jake had made also did? It kind of was.

Definitely another one of those skills to keep in mind for future freeform magic and when considering other upgrades. He was a bit surprised at one thing, though. This was the third skill, and it was only epic rarity. He had kind of expected better with his high-tier class. Then again, he probably shouldn’t be that surprised.

Jake remembered something he had read a good while back, which made him theorize that the reason the skills weren’t that awesome was due to Jake having improved some himself already. Seeing an upgraded version of Mark was definitely something he could have imagined, along with a better stealth skill. So it seemed like the system had to make skills more from things Jake had done rather than the innate Records of the class itself. Not to say there weren’t any skills like that… the next one available being one such example.

[Barrier of the Arcane Hunter of Horizon’s Edge (Ancient)] – Embrace stability as you become impervious. Allows the Arcane Hunter of Horizon’s Edge to summon a barrier of pure, stable arcane energy, blocking out any kinds of direct attacks that attempt to pass through – both physical and magical attacks alike. This effect is further improved when blocking attacks made from a far distance and from higher-leveled foes. All affinities not of your creation will be significantly suppressed within the barrier and a slight area around it. Mana or stamina will be consumed depending on the nature of the blocked attacks. Adds a bonus to the effects of Wisdom and Endurance when using Arcane Barrier of the Arcane Hunter of Horizon’s Edge.

Definitely the first “real” skill to consider. It was very similar to the barrier skill that had been offered back in D-grade, even having the same concept-suppressing effects. This one was quite a bit better, though. He especially liked the part that made it better, the more powerful and far away the attacker was.

Admitedly, Jake did kind of lack a good defensive skill. Right now, he relied on freeform stable barriers and Scales of the Malefic Viper whenever he had to block an attack he couldn’t simply avoid. Then again, that was also the biggest reason why he maybe didn’t need the skill: Jake would rather just dodge. So this skill would only be useful when there was no other choice.

That led to the question of how much better it even was than just a few layers of freeform stable barriers coupled with Scales. Jake naturally had no way to determine that, but it was a valid concern in his mind.

Ultimately, Jake wasn’t that keen on the skill, even if it could be useful in some cases. He was more interested in just improving his freeform arcane magic instead, perhaps taking some inspiration from this skill. He had taken inspiration from the last barrier skill offered, too, partly in his Unseen Hunter skill, where the barrier he could create when not moving was capable of suppressing concepts.

Moving on, Jake honestly felt a bit disappointed so far. However, when he saw the final skill … yeah, Jake still wasn’t sure how to feel. The rarity at least looked great.

[Brave Presence of the Emerging War God (Mythical)] – As you step foot upon the battlefield, let none hold doubt that a god of war has appeared. Having proven yourself and received the personal recognition of Valdemar, you have shown yourself to truly have the bravery and presence required to one day be recognized as a true War God. Allows you to emanate a Presence of Bravery by infusing it with inner energy, increasing the physical stats of all allies nearby while putting mental pressure on your opponents. Any allies fighting in the presence of the Emerging War God will be near-impervious to all forms of mental attacks. As bravery fills their spirits, retreat is no option, as even when resources are lacking, bravery remains. All effects of Brave Presence of the Emerging War God scales with Willpower and Endurance, as well as your overall level of power.

There was no need to try and theorize how Jake had unlocked this skill choice. It said why right there in the description. This was born of the Records from Jake clashing directly with Valdemar, probably coupled with the Primordial’s genuine intentions of having Jake join Valhal. Records recognizing Jake could be an Emerging War God.

Jake wasn’t sure how to feel about that.

Ignoring everything else and just looking at the skill, Jake had to recognize it was a damn powerful one. It would allow him to make everyone around him more powerful simply by being near him, put pressure on enemies, and even make all allies borderline immune to certain forms of magic. Based on that thing about bravery and lacking resources, Jake also read it as allowing those influenced by him to keep fighting despite not having stamina and mana left. All in all, it was a mythical skill through and through… but not one fitting Jake’s Path at all.

The skill never once mentioned making Jake himself stronger. Even if it did, the skill still had a stamina cost Jake didn’t doubt would be high. He didn’t need all the mental resistance stuff, either. This skill was, without a shadow of a doubt, absolutely incredible for someone leading an army or even a party leader, but Jake was neither of those. He was a hunter who was solo most of the time. He was no god of war, and quite frankly, he didn’t want to become one.

In the short term, this skill would probably still be useful as he was fighting in Nevermore with his party, but what about when they were out? Jake was going to be alone for the most part again, out hunting more and more powerful foes. This skill would be nearly useless in that case.

Not to mention how Jake felt it would “pollute” his Path as a hunter to have a skill like this. He feared it could end up unlocking a bunch of other commander-like skills in the future, something Jake definitely didn’t want.

No… no, while the skill was interesting and even a bit flattering, it wasn’t one Jake wanted. It didn’t fit him, no matter how powerful it was.

This left Jake with a bit of a problem when the usual strategy of just picking the highest-rarity skill at the end of the list didn’t work. It didn’t help that he didn’t like any of the other skills on offer either

However, where one sees challenges, there can also be opportunities. Because, while none of these five options were any good, they weren’t the only ones he had to choose between. Jake still vividly remembered the skill he had skipped for Arcane Supremacy when he reached 230, and when he checked the list, it was still there, just as he had hoped.

He was naturally talking about Penetrating Arcane Arrow of Horizon’s Edge.

[Penetrating Arcane Arrow of Horizon’s Edge (Ancient)] – No defenses shall stop your arrows as they pierce the foes that dare impede your Path toward the horizon. Allows the Hunter to create a Penetrating Arcane Arrow that will pierce through nearly any natural barriers and have a far higher penetrative effect on any defenses made by the target. Will temporarily lower the defenses of the foe if they are struck successfully. These effects are more powerful the higher the enemy’s defenses and the higher the level disparity between you and your opponent. On an internal cooldown, the Horizon-Chasing Hunter can push himself beyond his usual abilities and infuse the concepts of the Penetrating Arrow of Horizon’s Edge into another self-created arcane arrow. Doing this will temporarily make the skill unavailable, with this period dependent on the power of the arrow you infused. Due to their conceptual synergy, Penetrating Arcane Arrow of Horizon’s Edge receives significantly increased bonuses from Unblemished Arrows of the Horizon. Adds a bonus to the effectiveness of Agility, Strength, Wisdom, Intelligence, and Perception when using Penetrating Arcane Arrow of Horizon’s Edge.

Reading this skill once more, Jake felt certain. He had wanted it back then already and had only skipped it because Arcane Supremacy was just too good in comparison. Now, there was no clearly superior other choice, and Jake was more than pleased with selecting this one, as it would finally give him proper armor-penetrating attacks. Especially the ability to infuse the skill into another self-created arrow interested him, as he looked forward to seeing it mesh with Protean Arrow.

After barely any more thinking, Jake selected the skill as the instinctual knowledge entered his mind as he closed his eyes and took everything in. Once he had fully internalized all the knowledge, he opened his eyes again, as the Sword Saint had come over to check in with Jake as they waited for the next attack to arrive.

“Got a good new skill?” the old man asked with a smile. He still had a couple more levels to go before it was his turn, but it wouldn’t be long.

“Yeah,” Jake nodded as he stood up.

The Sword Saint smiled even more as he raised an eyebrow. “You know, while you were selecting a skill, the others and I discussed this floor, and we agreed that perhaps it would be wise to send one of us out to scout the area and perhaps see if we could slay any leaders or commanders in charge of-“

“Yes,” Jake cut him off as he grinned. He wasn’t going to say no to a chance like that.

“How lucky you agreed; I was just thinking you would be suitable for the job,” the old man chuckled. “Now, get going as we hold down the fort. Stay in touch and keep us informed of what you find.”

Jake didn’t need to be told twice that he could go play and took to the air. He briefly exchanged a glance with his party members as he passed, who waved him off as he heard the Sword Saint’s voice through the Golden Mark.

“Happy hunting.”




***
Chapter 859: Nevermore: Some Proper Bloody Hunting


***






A vast grassland filled with flowing hills, some of which were kilometers tall, stretched as far as the eye could see. Large piles of dirt were further stacked atop many of the tallest hills as monsters sat there, watching the horizon.

The grasslands themselves were filled with beasts of all sorts. They populated the area as many made small nests or caves to call their own, as they took in the dense natural mana filling the environment. In some of the deep valleys between the hills, forests could be found, creating natural barriers to defend the beasts within while also serving as focal points of natural mana gathering. These small forests were where the strongest beasts were gathered, as they absorbed the environmental mana to grow stronger while at the same time allowing their kin to function as meat shields should there ever be an invasion.

Within the deepest of all these forests, a powerful being sat in a clearing, as it munched on fruit that could only be classified as valuable natural treasures. It was a large beast, about four meters tall, with two arms and legs, incredibly thick fur, and two curved horns growing on each side of its head. It was incredibly bulky, and the long hair and hide looked more suited for a cold environment, which wasn’t overly surprising when one saw its race.

[Woodland Yeti Lord – lvl 310]

It was a creature that had likely left the cold northern pole of the planet and evolved with time to become the local lord. With its power, it had become an overlord of these vast plains, leading and commanding them to attack the newcomers who had come and begun to encroach on its domain. So far, it had only sent the weaker of its kin, but with time, it would no doubt send more, perhaps even joining the assault on this new settlement itself. Naturally, it would also have to consider the movements of the other lords first so as to not weaken itself needlessly.

For now, there didn’t seem to be any rush as the yeti ate the fruit and absorbed the energy within. The plains were peaceful, and the guards hadn’t reported anything wrong. Not that the Yeti Lord wouldn’t know if something was wrong even without those weak guards. This was its domain, after all. It had skills that made it impossible for anything to strike her unnoticed from any-

The warning from her danger sense arrived too late, and even when it tried to move… it couldn’t, as it felt its very soul shake with fear as some powerful apex predator’s eyes landed on it.

An object struck the Woodland Yeti Lord on top of its skull before it barely had time to move its neck. A passive skill of the yeti activated as its hide and long hair got significantly more durable, but the sharp object still easily pierced through, hardly meeting any resistance.

Blood flew out but was annihilated by the purple-ish destructive energy surrounding the attack as the sharp attack went into the yeti’s skull and continued its descent through its entire body before striking the ground beneath, sending up an explosion of soil, rock, blood, and flesh, all embraced by destructive energies as hundreds of trees all around the clearing fell over from the shockwave left by the impact.

The Woodland Yeti Lord tried to fight back against its certain death, but as if to rub salt in the wound, a powerful toxin had quite literally been rubbed into all of its wounds, making the situation more than a little bleak.

Still, a late-tier C-grade lord was not to be trifled with. A powerful skill activated as the yeti’s body grew in size and was empowered as the yeti used its ultimately boosting skill in a last-ditch effort to-

A second attack arrived as a second explosion rang out within the forest. The yeti, who was already almost dead, fell over on the soil that pulsed with powerful veins of destructive energy, never to get up again. In such a fashion, one of the powerful lords of the planet fell in the midst of its own domain. Slain without anyone ever even noticing that a hunter had chosen it as prey.

*You have slain [Woodland Yeti Lord – lvl 310] – Bonus experience earned for killing an enemy above your level*

Jake stood in mid-air as he stared down at the scene far below and the carnage he had wrought. Several hundreds of kilometers beneath him, a clearing had been destroyed as there now was a crater with a dead yeti in the middle; all the trees around this clearing tipped over away from the crater. Four more arrows fell atop the corpse in the following second or two, having been unnecessary in the grand scheme of things, but Jake had shot them just to make sure. It took a while for his arrows to arrive, after all, so he couldn’t wait to see the results before deciding if he had to shoot more.

At that moment, Jake was feeling both happy and a small tinge of annoyance. Happy that he had killed a boss monster of the Nevermore floor so easily, but a tad annoyed he hadn’t done so in a single shot. It was the peak of first-world problems, and Jake knew it, but he had still hoped to kill the yeti in one shot. Things were only made worse by it being so bloody close to being enough with only a single arrow.

I’ll get the next boss in one shot,Jake assured himself as he reentered stealth and moved on toward another direction. Through a mix of a ridiculously high Perception stat, his tracking skill, and just looking at where monsters tended to gather, Jake sought out the next lord for him to test his newly empowered most powerful arrow on.

It ended up only taking him a few more days before he arrived at a big lake with a few smaller islands in the middle, the largest of which had a big lizard in it, just chilling there in its home. When Jake saw it, he was happy because it had really thick scales, which was helpful when testing his new Penetrating Arrow. At least more useful as a test target than the yeti had been.

[Targehide Lizard Lord – lvl 308]

This lord looked a lot like an ankylosaurus. Why did Jake know what an ankylosaurus looked like? Well, he, like many others, also had a period of his life where he liked to read online wikis for far too long, giving him more knowledge about ancient dinosaurs than he could possibly ever need.

Anyway, the ankylosaurus was known for its incredibly thick armor, especially on its back. This Targehide Lizard was exactly the same, with a back covered in thick plates of tough hide with small studded gem-looking dots spread throughout. Despite being two levels lower than the yeti, this one was definitely stronger and far more durable.

Floating far up in the air, he began his setup for the one-hit kill attempt. First of all, before he even flew up to his attack location, he marked the lizard, revealing the outline of its Soulshape and naturally increasing all the damage he would do to it. As he observed it closely, Hunting Momentum was also building up just a little bit. Not much, but everything counted.

While Jake didn’t have full knowledge of his opponent, he did have a good enough general idea of what he needed as he began to construct his Protean Arrow. Everything was being done far up in the sky within Jake’s stealth field from Unseen Hunter as countless strings were assembled into an arrow made to pierce the thick natural armor of the dinosaur.

Once the arrow was fully assembled, Jake observed the one-and-a-half-meter-long spear-like arrow and nodded, satisfied. Usually, he would have created the arrowhead with a payload at the front to explode and break apart some of the armor to get through, but from the last arrow, he felt certain that wasn’t needed. This one, he could hide another surprise within.

Taking out a bottle of Heartrot poison, he coated the arrowhead fully, making sure there was plenty for the big body of the dinosaur far down below. Lastly, he moved on to the new step of his preparation phase introduced by the Penetrating Arrow skill.

Holding the shaft, Jake channeled energy into the Protean Arrow. There was no visual effect except for a brief moment where a small gleam of energy ran across the entire arrow. It didn’t feel any different either, but Jake felt the effect as he smiled, took out his bow, and took a deep breath.

Stolen content warning: this tale belongs on Royal Road. Report any occurrences elsewhere.

Arcane Awakening activated fully at 60% in the very next second, making his body erupt with arcane energy. As a reminder, using the boosting skill during preparations didn’t really have any effects and often made things harder as his energy was more volatile due to the boosting skill.

Nocking the arrow, Jake took aim at the dinosaur below. It was relaxing, hidden within a small cave on the island, but with the Mark, Jake could easily see through the rock. The eight or so meters of rock the arrow would have to pierce through before hitting the dinosaur didn’t really matter, courtesy of Penetrating Arrow. Due to its increased bonus from Unblemished arrows, the destructive arcane energy surrounding the arrow would be enough to easily shear away a few dozen meters of un-reinforced rock.

Energy began to spike around him. as he charged Arcane Powershot. Seconds passed as the energy kept building. Several skills were working in tandem, reinforcing and stacking on top of one another. Big Game Hunter, Unblemished Arrows, his archery skill, Mark, Steady Aim, Arcane Supremacy, Stealth Attack, and several others… all to unleash one devastating strike few C-grades his level would ever have a chance of matching.

While it was true that the Sword Saint had the strongest attack in their party with his Glimpse of Spring – not counting the Fallen King’s unique skill - that was only during normal combat. In circumstances like this, the old man simply didn’t stand a chance against Jake’s sheer offensive might, and they all knew it, which was why Jake had been given this task.

Jake continued charging his arrow for a dozen more seconds before he felt his body become unable to hold on. His skin flayed, but as always, he pushed himself just to the very edge before he released the string. A massive explosion of arcane energy rocked the sky, all of it concealed within the domain Jake created with Unseen Hunter, resulting in no one noticing.

What they did have a slight chance of noticing was the rapidly descending arrow, but even that was mostly hidden by his stealth skill.

Right after shooting his first arrow, Jake shot another, followed by several more in quick succession, all using Arcane Powershot. He only stopped when he felt like something in his shoulder would break if he shot one more. Besides, it was also time for the final nail in the coffin.

Within the cave, the dinosaur noticed the first attack a few moments before it arrived, warned by its instincts. However, right as it tried to mobilize its energy to defend, it found itself fully incapacitated as Jake’s eyes glowed orange from Primal Gaze. This was one of the hidden bonuses from Mark… despite the physical barrier, Jake still had clear visual contact due to Mark allowing him to see the Soulshape, which was more than good enough for Primal Gaze.

Effortlessly, the arrow penetrated through the eight meters of rock before striking the Targehide Lizard Lord on the back, right where the armor was strongest. The sheer impact created a crater and destroyed the entire cave, creating a shockwave that rocked the small island as the beast slammed into the ground. Jake would be lying if he said it didn’t face resistance, but it still managed to pierce through, something the lizard lord had clearly not expected as its eyes opened wide just as it could begin to move again.

The arrow pierced deep into the beast, but its sheer resilience ultimately proved too much, as the arrow only got about halfway before stopping. Luckily, Jake had partly expected this to happen as he unleashed his little surprise hidden in the Protean Arrow. The large arrowhead exploded in the very next moment while deeply embedded within the dinosaur, leading to a devastating result. Fragments of sharp, stable arcane mana coated in Heartrot Poison blasted out from the exploding arrowhead, filling the inside of the beast with what was effectively poison-coated shrapnel. The beast roared in pain, heavily damaged but not quite dead yet.

Once more, Jake had failed to kill in a single strike, and the dinosaur responded as best it could. The gem-like objects on its armored back began to glow as a powerful white light emanated… only to be instantly suppressed when Jake’s follow-up attack arrived.

An arrow rain slammed down as dozens of arrows exploded the entire immediate area, doing little damage due to the high durability of the beast but still managing to momentarily stop it in its actions. The next many follow-up stable arcane arrows hit the lord directly, penetrating into the hide that was significantly weakened and cracked from the first arrow. Coupled with the reduced overall resilience from the “debuff” left by the arrow, Jake’s attacks all did some some real damage.

Yet even when the final arrow landed, the beast still lived, though not for long if a certain hunter had anything to say about it. Jake, still standing far up in the air, reached out as his hand began to glow dark green. From afar, he used Touch of the Malefic Viper to further amplify the Heartrot Poison he had inflicted the boss with as it continued to ravage the beast’s body, and as a final touch, he exploded all the arcane shrapnel within the dinosaur.

It struggled, and Jake knew that no matter what, the boss was already doomed. Activating the arcane charge from Mark, the beast below flashed with energy for a second before it finally went still, breathing its last a few seconds later.

*You have slain [Targehide Lizard Lord – lvl 308] – Bonus experience earned for killing an enemy above your level*

Jake nodded as he deactivated Arcane Awakening and let the weakness wash over him. The arcane platform beneath him had long been destroyed, but even without pouring in any energy, Jake still stood solidly on the ground… because, yeah, that was another benefit of his newly upgraded boots. When they said he would always find solid ground, they meant it, even if that solid ground wasn’t ground at all but just air.

After recovering, Jake continued his hunt as he kept tracking down boss after boss. They were all roughly at the same level, and Jake killed them one by one, even having a happy moment when the ninth boss truly did die in a single arrow. Primarily because it had been a lich belonging to the undead natives on the planet, making it a caster with pretty bad defenses.

There were only a few cases where Jake got into a real fight, having to do more than just bombard with arrows from what was probably the stratosphere. He still handled all these pretty smoothly and got away before he was overwhelmed by hordes of monsters coming to the aid of their lord.

As he killed more and more, the other lords did become more cautious, placing more sentries, and defending themselves more. Alas, they couldn’t act cowardly as it would undermine their authority, meaning most still had mostly solo domains. It didn’t help that Jake purposefully tried to avoid going in a predictable pattern, even skipping some lords on purpose to attack some further away from the settlements. Because, oh yeah, there were now more settlements, something he learned as he kept in contact with the others through the Golden Mark. In fact, a second city had been established only a month after Jake left… the reason for this happening so quickly being quite apparent.

“The settler’s leader has shown surprise at the decrease in the frequency of the attacks, almost as if someone had been going around killing the ones in charge of leading these attacks, resulting in the unity between these beast hordes breaking down, creating internal strife as they fight to select a new leader among them,” the Fallen King shared with Jake, obviously amused.

What few attacks did come were easily handled by the four others, as they also actively worked to make the settlements grow faster and did things to speed up the ark’s arrival and, thus, the completion of the floor. Something that came a lot sooner than usual… at least from their perspective.

When Jake had killed so many leaders of these beasts and monster factions that the attacks had pretty much stopped, Jake made his way back to the settlements where the Sword Saint had already made his preparations. Dina had also created quite a few plant soldiers to defend and act as sentries should anything happen as Jake arrived and saw what the old man had cooked up.

One had to remember that the time they had in Nevermore was based on how much time the party spent there from their perspective. Waiting for an ark to arrive wasn’t something they wanted, which was why Jake felt pretty happy they had a guy blessed by the Primordial of Time on their team.

The Sword Saint had created an odd room within a house of the settlement using his painting skills with odd murals on the walls. Jake had been unsure what it was when he first arrived but soon learned it was a damn time dilation chamber. A pretty simple one at that, but it was actually pretty damn effective as when within it, every two hours passing was an entire day in the outside world.

Using that, they passed the seventy-second floor within only eight and a half months. For the settlers, it was more like fifteen months, but time dilation was overpowered. They did still have to go out once in a while when some attacks arrived, but Dina’s summons made them aware every time with ample warning.

Moving on to the next floor, Jake hoped he could repeat the one they had just done… because hot damn, had it been effective in the leveling department as Jake finally did some proper bloody hunting, fully following his Path.

*’DING!’ Class: [Arcane Hunter of Horizon’s Edge] has reached level 261 - Stat points allocated, +50 Free Points*

…

*’DING!’ Class: [Arcane Hunter of Horizon’s Edge] has reached level 265 - Stat points allocated, +50 Free Points*

*’DING!’ Race: [Human (C)] has reached level 260 - Stat points allocated, +45 Free Points*

…

*’DING!’ Race: [Human (C)] has reached level 262 - Stat points allocated, +45 Free Points*

Luckily for him and all the others, the next few floors had far fewer gimmicks but were all pretty much just pure combat and leveling galore.




***
Chapter 860: Nevermore: Approaching the End


***






Time passed swiftly within Nevermore as the final sprint to complete as many floors as possible to rake up all the points possible continued. The gods naturally got more active as they monitored all the important groups as the end gradually approached. As of the final ten years, there had been approximately a few hundred individuals who were fighting for the top spots of the Leaderboards, with this number only decreasing as the months went by.

The gods chilling in the streaming room couldn’t hold themselves back from commenting on all the developments, especially when they viewed the ones associated with their own factions. Yet, one person kept being brought up, not just because of himself, but the party he had. It was rare to see a single group with close relations to four Primordials after all, and with Valdemar getting quite invested, too, the demand for Jake clips was through the roof.

“You still aren’t sad Jake didn’t want a skill based on your Records?” Minaga asked as they had just gotten done watching a highlight from a fight Jake and his party had. “I think he and that Runemaiden of yours could make a good team if you brought him to your side. One wielding a bow with devastating arrows in the back while the other keeps the foe at bay while being nearly impervious to damage…”

They all knew Jake had rejected a skill related to Valdemar. Not because they knew what kind of skill had been offered but because they knew he had to have been offered one. The Primordials were the gods that had been around the longest and knew the most about the system, so for them to deduce Jake would have to be offered some skill because of his clash with Valdemar was only to be expected.

“Heh, if it didn’t suit his Path, it didn’t suit his Path,” Valdemar shrugged. “Isn’t it only more exciting that he rejected me? Actually, isn’t it better? For someone powerful like him to join Valhal while not really having any skills from Valhal will only expand our Legacies! Gudrun is gonna be more than on board to recruit him.”

“Openly talking about stealing someone’s Chosen isn’t proper etiquette, now is it?” the Holy Mother chimed in, in a more playful than scolding tone.

“Bah, Jake is his own person; he can do whatever he wants,” Valdemar waved her off. “I’ll just make sure we give him the best offer to join us. I might even throw in a case of my personal brew to really convince him.”

“That one’s gonna be tough,” Minaga said, shaking his head. “The Endless Empire is already willing to- no, wait, never mind. That was confidential. Ignore that I said anything; the source is unreliable anyway, and I’ve never even met the guy in person. What I am saying is, if Jake ever shows himself open to recruitment, there’s gonna be competition.”

Vilastromoz had remained quiet as he finally joined the conversation. “You talk as if you stand a chance… don’t you think his current Patron may have something to say?”

“Sure he might,” Valdemar grinned as he leaned forward. “But if he can hold onto my fellow human is entirely dependent on if he’s powerful enough to, now isn’t it?”

Valdemar and Vilastromoz both spiked their auras for a moment as the Wyrmgod interfered instantly. His own presence washed over theirs before they could cause too much of a ruckus. It pushed both of theirs back, suppressing them slightly with a clearly superior aura.

“Behave when you are in my domain,” the Wyrmgod said with a sigh.

Vilastromoz and Valdemar both did as told while the human Primordial muttered, dissatisfied. No matter how powerful they were, they were still within the domain of the Wyrmgod. In Nevermore, he was the most powerful being beside the Bound God of the World Wonder itself. Considering the limitations of Nevermore and the contract that the Primordial and she had made, the Wyrmgod was definitely the one most able to use his powers of the two.

That was obviously part of the reason no one had shown up with their real bodies. Now, chances are they would be able to escape Nevermore if they were truly there and got into a conflict with the Wyrmgod, but it certainly wouldn’t come cheap, not even for Valdemar.

The mood had turned a bit sour, but an unexpected savior of the vibe entered.

“It’s almost disgustingly simplistic,” the Blightfather commented as he studied a clip of Jake slaying a mini-boss on floor seventy-eight with a single arrow as he expertly changed the subject. Quite easily so, as he hadn’t really been paying much attention to the bickering. “The hunter’s Path, that is. There are certainly many complicated concepts infused into his blows, but all the applications are so minimalistic in execution. Complexities are sheared away for pure useability when he fights. There is little thought, yet his actions are rarely ever something that could be considered questionable. I understand it when Minaga described him as a natural fighter indeed, his adaptability when facing any opponent is remarkable.”

“Don’t tell me you are also trying to steal another Primordial’s Chosen?” the Holy Mother asked him. “It shouldn’t surprise me, yet I still find myself disappointed.”

“I never said I wanted to recruit him. One can admire something impressive without coveting it, a concept I understand you find difficult to comprehend,” the Blightfather shook his head. “Besides, even if I did want him to join the Risen, I am uncertain how well his Path would mix with changing his race, especially as I sense his soul is altered, likely by a skill of some kind. His Bloodline certainly also complicates things. No, I wouldn’t want him to be one of the Risen, but I would certainly welcome him to come for a visit. Perhaps to see an old friend of his.”

Vilastromoz wasn’t surprised the Blightfather had already seen through some aspects of Jake’s soul, even the part where his Truesoul had slightly changed when he got the Anomalous Soul skill. The Viper had few he would say could match him when it came to the study of the soul, but the Blightfather was definitely one of them. If not, he wouldn’t have been able to create a race like the Risen and the entire ecosystem required for this new undead race to not only survive but thrive.

“Speaking of old friends, how is that cursed trapper Jake knows doing?” Vilastromoz asked.

“Adequately. Better than I expected, honestly. Which perhaps shouldn’t be that surprising considering his talent in dungeon engineering. The knowledge he had before the initiation has led to some interesting insights those who were born into the system simply cannot possess due to the fundamental change in natural laws,” the Blightfather responded. “Not that he is a contender for any Leaderboards. But he is worth nurturing, I guess, if for nothing else but because of his connection to your Chosen.”

“Hey, Casper is a great guy all on his own, and I will hear nothing to the contrary,” Minaga cut in as he crossed his arms.

If you encounter this tale on Amazon, note that it's taken without the author's consent. Report it.

“I never said he wasn’t,” the Risen Primordial said as he changed the topic slightly once more as he glanced at the Wyrmgod. “Now, how are those Void God fanatics doing? Are they a threat to the Leaderboards?”

“You know I am not going to share any details,” the Wyrmgod shook his head. “But if you are asking if I expect to see any beings with close connections to the Void Gods on top of the Leaderboards, I would have to say no.”

“A bit disappointing,” the Viper added with a sigh. “I thought we could have a first.”

“The Path related to the void is simply too limiting in nature,” the Wyrmgod shook his head.

It was a bit like with Unique Lifeforms. Being someone using void energy limited you to only having void energy, as it simply consumed every other trace of energy within the body. This meant there were many things one couldn’t do that could make some floors or Challenge Dungeons harder than usual, much like the Unique Lifeforms, who also had very limited Paths. This was also why Unique Lifeform barely ever placed top ten on the Leaderboards despite their many innate advantages as pinnacle beings of the multiverse.

“Any news from the Dao Sect who has the Chosen of the Lifesoul Daolord participating?” Nature’s Attendant finally also asked, the man rarely speaking. He just focused on making sure Artemis wasn’t overwhelmed while being forced to be in the presence of the five Primordials, who sometimes got into arguments and flared their auras. Most of his time outside of that was spent watching Dina and her adventures, along with some other promising groups from the Pantheon of Life.

The fact he was interested in the Bloodline Patriarch from Earth didn’t surprise Vilastromoz either. The man was an absolute anomaly with magic clearly based on his Bloodline, making it almost transcendent in nature. The sheer absurdity of his existence simply went a bit under the radar due to the other overshadowing anomaly from the same homeworld.

As someone using life magic, it only made sense the Pantheon of Life was interested in what he did, even if the Viper knew Nature’s Attendant wasn’t a big fan of the C-grade. Because what he did was far from something that followed the natural order.

“While the Chosen of the Daolord isn’t a contender for the Leaderboards, a party member of his is,” the Wyrmgod answered. “She is the disciple of the Heartsoul Daolord, and while she only carries a Divine Blessing, chances are big she will be made a Chosen when she reaches A or maybe even B-grade.”

They proceeded to discuss a few more candidates. Some of whom had only really made themselves known during the Challenge Dungeon period and truly grown into their power over the last decade. The multiverse was a big place with no lack of talent. Some young, promising geniuses from the United Tribes proved themselves, others from the demon factions showed their skills, as well as people from many different powerful factions. Not to mention those who were just personal disciples of powerful beings in the multiverse or standalone talents, many of whom none of them knew of before Nevermore, despite every Primordial faction’s extensive information network.

Some geniuses were also looked at and then forgotten if they disappointed expectations. Others were just somewhere in the middle where the gods could look at them, nod in unison, agreeing they were talented and had a good chance to reach a high grade, and then move on without thinking about that person again. People like Draskil fell into this camp, as well as, quite frankly, ninety-nine point nine percent of the geniuses of the many factions. Because here, towards the end, they only focused on those at the very top who truly stood a chance to grab a top spot on the Leaderboards.

Yet even as all the promising young talents showed themselves, and no matter how many rising stars proved their worth, two names were always mentioned. Two geniuses from the new universe who had already proven themselves as apex beings of this generation, both Chosen of gods recognized as also standing at the pinnacle.

It was naturally Jake Thayne, the Chosen of the Malefic Viper, and Ell’Hakan, Chosen of Yip of Yore. These were the two people the gods were in agreement would more likely than not claim first and second… the only question is who would take the number one slot… and how their presence would shake up the All-Time Leaderboards.

While many competed for the top spots on the Nevermore Leaderboards, one must remember that the vast majority of those who did the World Wonder had nothing to do with this competition. There were many limitations as to who could compete on the Leaderboards, and most – especially those who knew it wasn’t like they were competing with the top geniuses –just ignored that entire feature.

Instead, they used Nevermore for all its other merits. They used it for the same reason nearly everyone went back to Nevermore in all grades and even into godhood: it was simply one of the best leveling spots in the entire multiverse.

Dungeons, in general, were borderline a requirement to facilitate progress. The natural ecosystem of planets couldn’t support the growth of everyone at once, especially not when more powerful beings appeared. A single monster going from C to B-grade would lead to the deaths of numerous roughly equally leveled creatures. This was obviously unsustainable, which was why a proper source of creatures to fight was required… which was where dungeons came in.

A single dungeon could be used over and over again to progress, removing the need to hunt other forms of life, thus preserving the planet at least a little bit.

This naturally became less of a problem when one reached higher grades and could explore space. Based on estimates, less than a thousand-in-one planets were fully integrated into the wider social system of the multiverse but were just planets that had never truly made contact with any other factions or perhaps just ones filled with monsters who never developed sapience.

Even more planets were just empty, save for elementals who spawned simply due to the mana density. These areas of “wilderness” in space were great hunting spots, even if they did have the challenge of powerful foes often being few and far between, a problem dungeons didn’t tend to have. So, dungeons were still a better option.

And ultimately, Nevermore was just the biggest dungeon in the entire multiverse. It was somewhere people just went to get levels, and with the special time dilation of the World Wonder that didn’t result in a negative impact on Records, the place just got even better.

On top of that, Nevermore as a World Wonder had special titles associated with it. This was outside the Leaderboards and Challenge Dungeon ones – as one had to remember both those things were only available to C-grades and weren’t present in later versions of Nevermore.

Outside of these special C-grade titles, everyone would gain a title just based on floors cleared and overall performance, granting Records as well as sometimes even a few stats. Most people did it for the Records, though, as the stats were often inconsequential.

One such person who was just in Nevermore for the levels was Miranda. She wasn’t someone who cared much about the fifty-year limit or trying to optimize how many floors she could clear. She was just there for the experience and nothing else. If possible, she didn’t even want to engage with anything that had to do with the Leaderboards and Jake because, as she put it… this was her only damn holiday in years.

The group the Court Witch had gone with wasn’t what one expected, though. She had ended up going with some individuals from the Order of the Malefic Viper to get a good party going and also because she wanted to disconnect a bit from her usual daily life. She wanted to fully dedicate herself to her Path as a witch, at least for a little while. Besides, it wasn’t as if her decision to not go with other people from Earth was out of the ordinary.

Sultan had teamed up with a group of mercenaries working for the Golden Road Emporium, who were pretty much hired to help him gain more levels than he usually would. Based on what the merchant had said, this was apparently partly a reward for his great performance in preparations for Jake’s Chosen Ceremony.

Many other groups from Earth had also teamed up with people outside of the planet. Needless to say, quite a few also teamed up with fellow Earthlings or some of the newly integrated slaves. Earth as a whole was getting a huge power-up during this period in preparation for the Prima Guardian, as quite a big portion of Earth’s C-grades had gone.

As mentioned, none of these people were there to compete on any Leaderboards. They were not there to engage in the competition… yet many still paid attention to the Leaderboards. Not to see their own names anywhere but with hope and expectations of seeing their World Leader’s there.




***
Chapter 861: Nevermore: One Last Floor


***






Jake had no idea how many of the damn imps he had killed before they stopped coming. The demon captains who had once led the army of small-winged casters had long been slain, but that didn’t mean the swarm didn’t prove a challenge simply due to their sheer numbers.

His body was covered in burns and wounds by the time they were all dead, as it had simply been impossible to avoid every attack. His party members weren’t in a much better condition, as they had been fighting at other entrances to the large cavern they found themselves within.

Luckily, before more demons could arrive, Dina made her way over. A soothing green aura washed over him as several small plants grew in his vicinity, making Jake nod at her in recognition. “Thanks.”

“No problem,” she responded with a smile. “Are there more coming from this way?”

“Doesn’t look like it,” Jake responded as he released a Pulse of Perception. “Not from any of the other tunnels either.”

“Alright, we should be safe to regroup, then,” Dina said. “You may also need to have your Golden Mark reapplied in case something does happen.”

“True,” Jake nodded with a sigh. These demons had been a bloody nightmare in that regard. They kept using dispelling magic and disrupting mana, which resulted in them removing the Golden Marks over and over again.

When they made it back to the center of the cavern, Jake also finally dropped his boosting skill as he sat down exhausted. The other three were already there, also recovering from the ongoing fight. Entering meditation, Jake felt Dina reestablish her restorative domain around them. This made Jake not only recover his resources and heal faster, but it also allowed the period of weakness to go away faster.

Which was needed in case more demons came back. Jake had quite a few complaints about floor seventy-nine, but a lack of enemies most certainly wasn’t one of them. In fact, it was nearly the opposite, as there were pretty much only enemies who stuck together in huge swarms.

The fact that the last objective of this floor was to defend the giant crystal within this particular mountain didn’t help either, as it just resulted in all the enemies funneling to them. The only semi-good part was that the long and narrow tunnels allowed their party to not get easily surrounded.

While meditating, Jake checked his system notifications, pleased to see he had gained another level from the fight. The first in a while, as the period of faster leveling from the Challenge Dungeons was well and truly done already, at least when it came to his class. Not that Jake was complaining. The gains had been pretty damn good over the last few years, and he was even getting pretty close to yet another skill selection.

*’DING!’ Class: [Arcane Hunter of Horizon’s Edge] has reached level 284 - Stat points allocated, +50 Free Points*

*’DING!’ Race: [Human (C)] has reached level 273 - Stat points allocated, +45 Free Points*

It had been a bit over ten years since they were all done with their Challenge Dungeons, and Jake had evidently gained quite a few levels during this period if he said so himself. In fact, it had been even faster than after he just reached C-grade. The reason for this was primarily the fact that they had met rather strong enemies on every single floor, unlike when they first entered and had to grind through a lot of easy floors. Especially the bosses had been tough, and on floor seventy-five, they had faced one of those event bosses. That had been the strongest opponent they had encountered throughout Nevermore thus far, being a level 325 variant with respectable power.

The fight had been pretty damn long, but it did help that Jake had significantly weakened it with his opening shot from stealth. In the end, the Sword Saint ended up using two Glimpses of Spring, leaving him weakened for a while, with both Sylphie and Jake also overusing their boosting skills. Dina and the Fallen King had been a bit better off, but that was mainly because the fucker had ignored the Fallen King for the most part, as it had been borderline immune to soul attacks, making the Unique Lifeform the smallest threat.

Dina had been fine just because of her many defensive means. She was naturally still tired afterward, having used her most powerful skills too, but as a healer, she was naturally good at making sure she wouldn’t be the one in most need of healing and recovery after a long fight.

In summary, the event boss on floor seventy-five had been strong to the level where they had to use everything in their arsenal, save for their most powerful trump cards that would leave them incapacitated for a longer period, with potentially permanent consequences. That is to say, the Sword Saint didn’t have to fully use his transcendence, the Fallen King didn’t have to use his unique skill, and Jake didn’t have to pull out some weird Bloodline bullshit out of his ass. But it had gotten a bit close to comfort.

Anyway, from there, the next few floors had been pretty straightforward, with just a lot of fighting and a lot of levels.

Having cleared nine floors – he counted this one as pretty much already completed – in just around ten years was pretty fucking good if Jake said so himself. But it had come at the sacrifice of some things. They had taken no breaks and even purposefully avoided the city floor after floor seventy-five. For some reason, Jake had a feeling going there wouldn't be a good idea, and his party had no reason to disagree as they hurried onwards.

The lack of breaks also resulted in a lack of focus on professions. As they kept up a constant tempo, Jake barely did any alchemy at all during this last decade. He did do a bit to keep them restocked on potions, elixirs, and his own poisons, but a lot of it had taken place within time dilation as the Sword Saint sometimes set up small time chambers for them to more quickly get through timed events.

Due to this, despite the boost in momentum from the Challenge Dungeons, Jake had only gained a total of three levels in his profession in an entire decade. That was less than one every three years and just around a third of the levels he had gained from popping in and saying hello to a bunch of Primordials having a streaming party. Looking back at his notifications, it wasn’t even as if he was close to another level, as his last one was half a year ago.

*’DING!’ Profession: [Heretic-Chosen Alchemist of the Malefic Viper] has reached level 262 - Stat points allocated, +35 Free Points*

Still, levels were levels. And at level 260, Jake had naturally unlocked another skill selection. All in all, it had actually been a pretty damn interesting selection, if utterly inconsequential for now, the reason of which would be clear when one knew of the skill he selected. Ah, but the two first ones offered had been just a bit too basic, to put it nicely.

[Fortifying Curse Toxin Theory (Uncommon)]

[Acid Chemistry Theory (Rare)]

To clarify, these skills were purely related to knowledge, and they didn’t really have any effects when crafting. At least not anything Jake didn’t feel confident doing with freeform magic or, more importantly, through Sagacity of the Malefic Viper. Sagacity already had Records related to these two knowledge skills he just hadn’t fully unlocked yet, so selecting either would only be done with the intent of merging it with Sagacity down the line. Something Jake thought was a waste of a skill selection. Not to say the third skill offered was that much better.

[Advanced Arcane Sealing (Ancient)] – Protect what is yours, and should anyone try to rob you, leave them with nothing. Allows the alchemist to create a seal of arcane magic to cover an object or several objects at once. While the object is sealed, energy leakage is nearly entirely eliminated due to the stable arcane mana. The sealed object will be hidden from nearly all senses and be unaffected by all outside sources. Should anyone try to forcibly destroy the seal, the arcane mana will turn destructive and damage or destroy the sealed object as well as itself. Sealed items can only be unsealed by those possessing the arcane affinity of the hunter. The effectiveness of Advanced Arcane Sealing is improved by Wisdom, Intelligence, and Willpower.

The story has been illicitly taken; should you find it on Amazon, report the infringement.

Jake did still like this one, though, not because he wanted it as a skill, but because of what it represented. This skill – much like the two before – was clearly based on what he had done in House of the Architect. For Jake to be offered an ancient rarity skill just for sealing an item in his arcane mana was honestly bonkers. Sure, some of the obscuration features in the skill probably weren’t fully innate concepts spawned from just placing a barrier around an object, but he reckoned some of them were.

This told him that the simple act of sealing something in mana was roughly equivalent to, at the very least, an epic skill through pure conceptual power from his arcane affinity. So, yeah, this skill offering was damn great to see, but he didn’t select it because the two next ones were more… interesting.

Jake had naturally looked at them individually back during the actual skill selection, but in truth, it made a lot more sense to see them as a set, considering the two skills were effectively identical.

[Chosen’s Offering of the Malefic Viper (Legendary)] – To deliver an offering to your Patron and gain recognition in kind is the greatest honor. Allows the alchemist to make an offer to the Malefic Viper and be granted an Offering Fragment. Based on the value of the Records and energy in the offering, you will be rewarded with a better Offering Fragment. The Offering Fragment contains Records and energy related to the Malefic Viper and can help empower other sources of Records and energy related to the Malefic Viper. All offerings must surpass a certain threshold to be submittable, and out of respect to the Malefic One, there is an internal cooldown of the skill dependent on the value of the Offering Fragment received. Whenever an offering is made, your connection to the Malefic Viper as his Chosen grows.

[Heretic’s Offering of the Malefic Viper (Legendary)] – To infringe upon the domain of the Malefic Viper and rob the Primordial’s Records is a great achievement. Allows the alchemist to make an offer to the Malefic Viper and be granted an Offering Fragment. Based on the value of the Records and energy in the offering, you will be rewarded with a better Offering Fragment. The Offering Fragment contains Records and energy related to the Malefic Viper and can help empower other sources of Records and energy related to the Malefic Viper. All offerings must surpass a certain threshold to be submittable, and to hide your heretical actions from the Malefic One, there is an internal cooldown of the skill dependent on the value of the Offering Fragment received. Whenever an offering is made, your status as a Heretic of the Malefic Viper grows.

These two skills, as mentioned, did effectively the exact same thing. They allowed Jake to make an offering and get an Offering Fragment in return. An Offering Fragment that could then be used while crafting to infuse Records from the Malefic Viper into the creation, functioning a bit like a light version of when Malefic Viper’s Poison activated. Jake sure as hell didn’t doubt that using an Offering Fragment as a catalyst during crafting would prove highly effective.

In addition to this, each of the skills also served to push Jake further down either the Path of a Heretic or the Path of a Chosen. This was just a small note at the end of each skill, and it probably wasn’t something that would bother them if others saw either of these skills. Why would a heretic care about becoming more heretical, or a Chosen care about being closer to his Patron? They naturally wouldn’t. In fact, walking further down either Path was just purely positive, as it would solidify their Paths.

However… Jake wasn’t either of those. He was the Heretic-Chosen, someone who walked straight down the middle between being a Chosen and a Heretic. He was both at once. A living paradox. That was why alarm bells instantly went off when Jake read that last part of the two skills.

For the system to directly push him down either Path couldn’t end well. Jake’s instincts also warned him about both of them, yet the longer he looked at them, the more he also got the feeling they could be really good… which was when Jake had a little thought.

See, Jake felt pretty confident using either of those skills would prove detrimental, but what if, ya know… he just picked both. If he could offer both Heretical and Chosen Offerings at once, wasn’t that a Heretic-Chosen offering right there? At least, that was Jake’s logic.

And now for the real genius: in order to not trigger this effect, Jake would just never use the legendary skill, ever.

The only downside to this ingenious plan was that Jake would select a legendary skill he would purposefully avoid using or even thinking about for the next thirty levels. Then there was also the slight risk that picking one of them would lock him out of the other, making Jake end up pretty damn screwed. Oh yeah, and then there was also the fact that skills innately contained Records, so did he fuck up just by picking one? Who knows? But hey, nothing ventured, nothing gained.

So, with that in mind, Jake had asked the Sword Saint to flip a coin for him to determine which one he would go with first. It had resulted in Jake picking Chosen’s Offering, so worst case scenario, Jake would just have to fully lean into being a subservient and ass-licking Chosen… or just never use the skill until he one day found a way to get rid of it or merge it with something else.

Returning his attention to the present, Jake opened his eyes and stretched a bit, having meditated for a bit over two hours to heal up. Drinking a potion, he also used a Pulse of Perception and saw that the attacks were pretty much over. Sylphie was down one of the tunnels, shredding a few stragglers, but that was it. The other large entrance was guarded by a floating Unique Lifeform, watching out if anything was coming while Jake recovered.

Dina had gone over to the crystal and infused the small domain she had established around it to make it mature faster. The Sword Saint had also joined her, and while he couldn’t use time magic as that would screw up the maturation process, he could at least help provide some mana and even water the dryad’s plants, assuming that even did anything.

Soon enough, the crystal fully matured as a light beam shot into the air. The entire mountain began to break apart as all its mana was sucked in, and they witnessed the birth of a powerful natural treasure. It was an impressive one for sure, not that their party was sticking around to admire it. They couldn’t even steal it, so what was the point?

A few seconds passed before two elementals teleported down to them, both of them powerful B-grade variants with sapience. They thanked the party for defending the crystal before taking it away, and with that done and dusted, a few notifications popped up.

Seventy-ninth floor completed. 15800 Nevermore Points earned.

With the notifications also came a door, standing right where the crystal had been. There was no need to delay as they all entered the in-between room, and just as they did, Jake turned to the old man.

”How long do we have left?” Jake asked him. As someone Blessed by Aeon, he was surely the best at keeping track of time, right?

The Sword Saint considered for a moment before answering. ”Can you allow me to fully Identify you?”

”Sure?” Jake said as he let the old man use his identity on Jake. He clearly used it on all the others, too, before answering.

”Ten months, twenty-three days, and twenty-two hours,” the Sword Saint said after a bit. ”That is when Sylphie will be forced out of Nevermore. The rest of us are all within a day of that. This discrepancy is likely caused by the Challenge Dungeons and how the time distortion in those may vary slightly.”

Jake stared at the old man a bit, wondering how the hell he hadn’t known the old man could see time stuff when using Identify. Then again, maybe it was something new? In either case, Jake decided to do as the Sword Saint had done, as he identified everyone in the party. Jake himself was level 273, which was pretty good, in his opinion, but his leveling speed looked horrible compared to both the Fallen King and Sylphie.

[Fallen King – lvl 281]

[Juvenile Sylphian Hawk – lvl 287]

As monsters, they were natural cheats and tended to level faster than enlightened races. Sylphie was even more of a special case as she was still naturally growing. Still, it sucked to lose to them. But hey, at least Jake did beat both Dina and the Sword Saint when it came to leveling.

[Dryad – lvl 270]

[Human – lvl 272]

Alright, the margin with the Sword Saint was a bit low with only one level, but a level was a level. Dina was the slowest of them, which wasn’t that surprising. Her race levels were slow because she was a Dryad, a long-lived creature who also grew naturally, albeit at a far slower pace. One of her racial skills literally allowed her to merge with a powerful tree and sleep within it for potentially thousands of years to get a few levels. It wasn’t something she planned on doing, but that it was an option at all felt silly to Jake, even if Dina was half-plant.

”Ten months and change is not a long time…” the Fallen King commented.

”Neither is it a little,” the Sword Saint said.

”It should be enough,” Dina said with confidence.

”Ree!” Sylphie agreed.

Jake also nodded. They should have enough for one more floor, though that would definitely be their last. Jake’s mission wouldn’t just be to beat it, though.

”We’re going for the event boss, right?” Jake just wanted to make sure.

His party looked at him as if his question wasn’t even worth answering, making Jake smile. ”Then let’s get a move on already. One more floor of Nevermore to go… so let’s make it a real banger.”




***
Chapter 862: Nevermore: Floor Eighty


***






Jake and company appeared on what would more likely than not be the final floor of Nevermore. Their spawning location was on top of a large ruined tower, giving them a clear view of the surrounding area. However, before Jake had a good chance to look around, he noticed the mana in the air and how it was filled with death.

Luckily, he didn’t have to speculate long why this was as the floor description popped up right then.

Welcome to the Eightieth floor of Nevermore: Plateau of the Twin Emperors

In a vast land ruled by two tyrants in constant conflict, you are tasked with ending it. These two tyrants are at constant war, with their armies clashing in war zones between the two empires of the land known simply as the Vast Plateau.

You find yourself standing in a long-abandoned war zone where remnants of battle still remain. Due to the nature of these wars, cursed lands and vast areas have appeared that are considered inaccessible due to the accumulation of death-affinity mana, resulting in the appearance of many undead. This is one such land you now find yourself in.

To end the deterioration of the Vast Plateau, the war must come to an end. Decide your next course of action. Will you join either side of the conflict? Will you attempt to negotiate peace by making them realize the doomed Path they are walking down? Or will you be the enemy of both, as you become a danger so significant you force the two warring emperors to come together? Another option altogether?

The choice is yours.

Main objective: End the conflict.

Bonus objectives: Join either side of the conflict or choose to remain as a third party.

Current progress: Conflict ended (0/1)

Note: More hidden events, achievements, or objectives may be hidden on the floor.

Current Nevermore Points: 1,953,950

Jake and the others read the long description of the floor as they got a general gist of the place. It was a pretty basic setup, basically just giving them an excuse to fight in a war if they wanted. There was probably more to it, but their goal wasn’t to figure out who was right or wrong but what decision would give them the most excuses to fight and gain levels while unlocking the event boss.

Addressing the Nevermore Points, Jake did feel pretty fucking good about how many he had racked up in the last ten years or so after the Challenge Dungeons. It was just about seven hundred thousand, with every floor giving more than the last – except for floor seventy-five being a bit of an outlier due to the event boss.

For reference, floor seventy-nine had rewarded just under a hundred thousand Nevermore Points, which was a bit less than double what floor seventy-one had rewarded. It was a big increase, but not that out of pocket, especially not when one considered how much the difficulty also spiked. Jake and his party, straight out of the Challenge Dungeons, would have gotten their asses handed to them against the event boss on floor seventy-five and also had serious trouble with the floors after that.

Jake sure as hell doubted many, if any, of the Leaderboard groups were capable of challenging anything above the lower floors in the eighties, assuming they even had the time. That still was a lot of potential Nevermore Points one could earn. He knew Ell’Hakan had been ahead of him time-wise with all the Challenge Dungeons, with approximately a full year extra to do floors, so assuming they matched Jake and company’s speed, they would end up doing one more floor than them. It wasn’t a lot, but it was something.

All of this is to say that things could get a bit hairy here toward the end. Alas, the only thing Jake should focus on was himself and clearing this floor. He would disappoint himself if he didn’t at least beat that orange fucker, but beating him still wasn’t Jake’s primary objective.

“You notice anything? Outside of the environmental mana clearly communicating that we are in undead territory,” the Sword Saint asked. Asking Jake about his thoughts at the beginning of every floor was pretty much standard by now, as he often could either see something with his adequate Perception stat or had some gut feeling. In other cases, primarily in worlds filled with nature, they also asked Dina for some insight from the local fauna. Not that there was any living thing for her to ask on this tower or anywhere nearby.

Jake looked around and saw dead land spreading in all directions. The ground was gray and dry, with some movement here and there from undead. Skeleton creatures, ghosts, zombies, large abominations… all the good stuff. Their levels were also all around level 290, with some of the larger undead just around 300.

Looking beyond the undead lands, Jake saw a few watchpoints established, likely to contain the undead. Further back than those, Jake saw plains, wilderness, some forests, and even some cities. It was very much the same in both directions, though he did also spot another contained land, and even from this distance, Jake felt the power of a powerful curse lingering there.

One might wonder how Jake could see this many things. It wasn’t because all these locations were bunched up or anything, but due to the peculiar layout of this world… because they sure as fuck weren’t on a planet. There was absolutely zero curvature anywhere, and the land was surprisingly flat, with not a single mountain of any kind in sight. Even with massive planets Jake could usually notice the ever-so-slightest curvature if he went far enough up, but here, there truly was none at all. A fact he shared with the party.

“Hm, so it’s a bit like the land the Endless Empire knows as the Great Plains. Massive landmasses just floating in space. The largest of which nearly matches the overall surface of a Great Planet, with the Heartlands of the Endless Empire placed primarily on these Great Plains. I have only seen some pictures from Grandpa, as getting to visit the Great Plains is quite difficult… though I don’t think Jake would have any problems,” Dina said, gladly sharing some more great multiversal knowledge.

“Let us hope this place is not that big,” the Fallen King commented with displeasure.

“Doesn’t look like it is based on what I’ve seen so far,” Jake shook his head. “Anyway, what’s the plan?”

“Going by prior floors, if we want the event boss, we have to take the hardest path possible, which I would reckon is not teaming up with any of these factions,” the Sword Saint said.

“Ree, ree,” Sylphie added helpfully, making Jake nod.

This story has been stolen from Royal Road. If you read it on Amazon, please report it

“Yeah, not making any allies will also give us the most potential enemies to hunt.”

“Before we make a final decision, we should become more familiar with the world. If these Twin Emperors are B-grades or above, we may be forced to at least act like we are allied with one of them,” Dina said cautiously.

“I doubt they are,” Jake shook his head. “I think it’s way more likely at least one of them is the event boss. But you do have a point; learning more about this floor would be a good start.”

So they went and did just that as they headed toward one of the cities Jake had spotted. On the way, they learned a bit about what kind of races they were dealing with. Unsurprisingly, it was a mix of many different enlightened races, but it did surprise them to see that most were orcs of different kinds. Orcs weren’t a rare race in the multiverse, but they were often looked down on compared to other enlightened races, primarily because they tended to be on the... simpler side. However, from the looks of it, the orcs in this world were a variant race of some kind.

With orcs also came a lot of goblins. Why these two were often grouped together, Jake had no idea, but a theory was that goblins tended to have strong mental stats, while orcs were more on the physical side, making the two races compliment each other.

These two races made up over seventy percent of the enlightened, with the rest being a mixture of the usual dwarves, elves, humans, beastfolk, and all that.

Anyway, having not sided with anyone yet, they believed it would be possible to enter cities and study the place a bit, but… yeah, things didn’t work out like that.

“Stop!” a guard said as the party approached a large stone city gate. “Identify yourselves immediately!”

Jake looked at the guard, who wore simple leather armor while wielding a halberd. He looked like a common low-level grunt, but his level said otherwise.

[Orc – lvl 284]

Then again, it was also entirely possible the standard for fighters was just really high on this floor. The few enlightened Jake had seen on the way were also all at least mid-tier C-grade, even the damn farmers.

As usual, the most diplomatic person in their party stepped forward, and luckily, they had discussed what they would do if they got into a situation like this beforehand. The Sword Saint smiled as he bowed politely to the orc. “Greetings, we are a but a group of adventurers who have just returned from fighting the nearby undead, and-“

Before he could say more, mana flashed beneath their feet as a magic circle appeared. On the tall walls, some goblin mages who had been listening in stood and had raised their staves the moment the old man mentioned fighting the undead.

“Bunch of fucking morons,” the guard swore as he shook his head and looked at Jake and company with pity. “Either you are incompetent spies or even worse adventurers, walking up to a guard and outright admitting to a severe crime.”

The Sword Saint admirably tried to save the situation as he looked taken aback. “We… we were not aware we had broken any laws. Could you-“

“Save your words for the mayor,” the guard said, as Jake noted the magic circle below them growing in intensity. “Now, try to stop acting stupid for just a second and surrender. Who knows, maybe the upper brass will be nice and spare you from execution. We could use some more war slaves.”

So… yeah, negotiations broke down.

Jake wasn’t even the first one to act. The Sword Saint simply nodded, and before the orc had a chance to open his mouth again, his head flew into the air. This clearly surprised the goblin mages on the wall, who prepared to activate the magic circle, but before they could, the Fallen King erupted with energy. A golden wave spread from his body, utterly dismantling the magic circle, as Jake drew his bow, and Sylphie shot toward the wall like a bullet.

Siding with whatever Twin Emperor was in charge of this city definitely wasn’t an option anymore. Especially not after their group effectively leveled the place, killing everyone who didn’t flee in terror from the five newcomers. Jake asked if he should pick off those who ran, but the group decided against it. Which Jake honestly prefered, as he didn’t like shooting a bunch of crafters who were just fleeing.

The city did have a mini-boss of sorts in the form of the mayor. A level 310 orc wearing heavy armor and a battlehammer, who definitely did not look like some official who spent most of his time in the office. In fact, barely anyone they encountered looked like they belonged outside of a battlefield. Even the average citizens were C-grade and took to weapons without hesitation. The population of the city was also way lower than Jake had first assumed. It was large enough to house at least ten thousand, but only about eight hundred had lived there.

Killing the mayor was easy enough, and based on records found in the city’s rubble – as well as some captured survivors - they learned more about the Vast Plateau. There was a lot of boring history, but to summarize, two powerful, nearly peak C-grades appeared less than a hundred years ago, calling themselves emperors after uniting a bunch of smaller factions. Smaller factions were already enemies with the factions that the other emperor brought together, which made making them go to war quite easy.

From there, they began to constantly fight as many battlefields were created. At first, only E-grades fought with the excuse of wanting to preserve power, but soon, it was D-grades, and now, there were barely any D-grades left outside of some crafters. Even low-tier C-grades were scarce; the battlefields now filled with C-grades.

At least a few billion had died within a single century, all concentrated on big battlefields. Battlefields that both emperors had made it illegal to enter, much less hunt undead within. Instead, they were treated more like conservations.

After listening to everything, Jake couldn’t help but reach a conclusion.

“They are cultivating these areas of curse energy and death. Working together to do so,” Jake said as the others looked at him.

“Why?” Dina questioned. “What would the purpose of that even be?”

“I know, like… at least seven rituals that use curse energy in an area. I reckon that at least one of these Twin Emperors has something similar for the undead areas. As for why, I’m just gonna take a shot in the dark here and guess it’s about trying to gain more power,” Jake shrugged.

“The endless folly of those too untalented to progress without cheap shortcuts,” the Fallen King scoffed.

“Yeah, not a fan of it either, assuming I’m correct,” Jake sighed.

“Aren’t alchemists from the Order of the Malefic Viper known to sometimes wipe out entire civilizations during their experiments just to try and get a level or two?” the Sword Saint said, being very judgemental towards poor alchemists just trying their best. He was entirely correct, sure, but still a bit judgemental.

“I wouldn’t know anything about acting haphazardly, my actions ultimately ending in the destruction of a planet,” Jake defended himself.

“Ree?” Sylphie asked with a tilted head.

“We aren’t talking about that one,” Jake quickly shut the bird up. Why had he decided to share all the things about Temlat with her again?

“Anyway, going by Jake’s theory, how would it function if we joined either faction when they are working together?” the Sword Saint got the discussion back on track.

“Even if they are in symbiosis right now, it doesn’t mean either isn’t trying to reap all the rewards,” Dina said with a frown. “It may be that they are both benefitting from the creation of these death and curse-filled domains and that our interference can tip the balance of power, resulting in the death of one Twin Emperor.”

“Ree,” Sylphie also added, making a good point.

“The name Twin Emperors does indeed communicate they are connected to one another and not merely competitors. That they appeared at the same time is also highly suspicious,” the Fallen King agreed.

“So what you’re saying is…” Jake hinted.

“We already discussed not choosing a side, so let us indeed not,” the Fallen King spoke. “They attacked us first. We are now merely retaliating and defending ourselves as we march toward the Twin Emperor.”

“Ree?”

“I am pretty sure using disproportionate force to pretty much slaughter an entire country or two would be considered a war crime,” Jake commented. “Actually, never mind, let’s not think about that.”

“To summarize, we’re all in agreement we will be a third force who just fights everyone?” the Sword Saint asked clarifyingly.

“That is indeed the way to get the most experience,” Jake agreed.

“In that case, let’s not dally,” the old man nodded. “Rather than ravage more cities, how about we check out one of the active battlefields instead?”

“You want us to just show up to an ongoing battle and put ourselves right in the middle to fight everyone at once?” the Fallen King asked.

“Precisely.”

“See, we’re all in agreement!” Jake grinned. “Now let’s go to war.”




***
Chapter 863: Nevermore: Wartime


***






War…

War never changes…

Except for when a group of five extremely powerful beings decide to just fuck shit up. In cases like that, war would very much change, and not for the better. At least not for those already involved in the war.

Floating far above one of the smaller battlefields of the Vast Plateau, this group of five appeared as the fighting was ongoing. There were only a few hundred on both sides at this point, primarily because most of the weaker C-grades were already dead. The fighting also didn’t happen as one would usually expect from a war like this in the multiverse, which, for reference, was quite a bit different compared to wars on Earth before the system.

Usually, based on what Jake had read, even if an all-out war did happen at the beginning of a conflict, it would often devolve into a standstill. The most powerful beings on both sides would be hesitant to enter the fray out of fear that they would be teamed up on by the most powerful people on the opposing side.

This resulted in the weaker C-grades fighting in a big skirmish, with the stronger ones standing back for the most part. Only when it was clear one side would win the stronger people would step in, and even then, it was done with caution.

To become a C-grade, one had to have walked far on one’s Path. C-grades were not weak in even the context of the multiverse, and only a scarce few of the enlightened races would ever manage to reach it. It was only natural that someone would be careful after making it that far and not want to die needlessly in some big war just because thirty people decided to attack them at once.

Due to all this, what usually happened in big wars after the slaughter of those on the weak side was that the strong ones would only do smaller skirmishes. If one side sent out three fighters, the other side would respond with three in kind. If one died, the one with a death would send out another. If it could be avoided, neither side wanted to send out a fourth to get a numerical advantage because all that would result in the other side doing the same, making it a four versus four now.

If more was sent out, it could quickly become a five versus five, then six, seven… until suddenly everyone was fighting at once, and none of them wanted that. Big wars like that were simply horrible for the individual. As a C-grade, everyone had a strong sense of self-preservation, and entering a conflict where you could get unlucky and have a hundred people decide to attack you at once was not fun for anyone involved.

Even if one side did have a numerical advantage, such as having six hundred fighters while the other only had five hundred, the larger group wouldn’t just rush in. Sure, they would more likely than not win, but how many of them would die? Half? To the individual, the danger was simply too large, resulting in an all-out fight pretty much never happening.

This was also how war and just single battles during the war could last for extreme lengths of time. It was more akin to a sequence of duels between fighters from opposing factions, with neither side ever running out as they kept up getting new fighters to join them. At least, this is what Jake read as part of the explanation why factions like the Risen and Holy Church could have ongoing battlefields for thousands of years. This entire structure of war was also far more beneficial, as it allowed those fighting to improve more and gain Records without risking just getting unlucky and dying during a massive skirmish.

All this had to be clarified to understand why the wars on this floor were... off. When Jake and company arrived at this first battlefield, expecting things to be pretty calm, with things proceeding as usual, they instead found around a thousand total C-grades in a massive skirmish, just trying to tear each other apart.

There was no structure, no caution, just reckless fighting. Jake was really taken aback until he felt something, and he wasn’t the only one, either.

“Their souls are… polluted,” the Fallen King noted.

“I sense a negative energy inflicting them, affecting their mental states,” Dina also added.

“It’s a curse,” Jake finally said. “And a pretty damn powerful one at that. I can’t say for sure, but I get the feeling it’s there to amplify hatred for the other empire. At least that would explain what we’re seeing right now.”

“The picture is coming together, huh,” the Sword Saint said. “This entire conflict is truly manufactured. But, this does make me wonder… if these Twin Emperors want everyone to kill each other during these battlefields, won’t we just be helping them by interfering?”

“Isn’t that the plan?” Jake grinned. “To let them do whatever they plan on doing and let them get as powerful as possible… to then have a proper damn fight to finish out Nevermore.”

The old man smiled. “I just wanted to make sure we were all on the same page.”

“Ree?” Sylphie asked.

“Yeah, I think it’s time to put an end to this war once and for all,” Jake smiled.

“By leaving no fighters alive on either side,” the Fallen King agreed.

“And then kill whoever is behind it all,” Dina nodded.

Without further ado, Jake pulled out his bow as the others also prepared to enter the battlefield.

The C-grades fighting were all around level 290 to 310, meaning the guard they faced had been on the weaker side of this world. At least of the remaining survivors after the Twin Emperors had borderline wiped out the population of the Vast Plateau with their scheme.

Spells were flying as the air repeatedly exploded with magic. Melee fighters clashed as they flew through the sky, sometimes crashing into each other as groups spiraled toward the ground. Whenever someone seemed to have a flash of clarity from the curse and tried to escape, they were hunted down. Jake watched all this as he nocked an arrow and concluded that without any interference, everyone would be dead within the next couple of hours.

Jake and company would cut that time down by a lot. Releasing an Arcane Powershot, Jake took down one C-grade before he even had a chance to react. The Sword Saint dove in from the side to pick off some of the ranged fighters, while the Fallen King and Sylphie dove straight into the middle of it all and unleashed their skills. Dina had the unfortunate job of watching out that the two of them didn’t mess up and got ganged up on.

The author's tale has been misappropriated; report any instances of this story on Amazon.

Even as their party interfered, the two warring groups didn’t team up or anything. Jake and the others just become more fighters of the enemy side for both factions. The entire situation was also so damn chaotic that even if some of the C-grades did notice Jake and company weren’t part of either faction, they didn’t exactly have the opportunity to voice this insight.

Thus the slaughter continued, but after ten or so minutes, the situation did change. Hundreds had died at this point, many of them easy kills due to their existing injuries. However, as numbers reduced, some stability did return to the situation, and the surviving C-grades had their level of bloodlust subside as more and more gained clarity.

More tight groups were formed on both sides, as everyone backed off a little, regrouping with their own factions. Jake and the others tried to incite more fighting, but soon enough, they noticed a clear target on their backs. Not necessarily because they were a third party interfering in the battle but because of the small size of their group. In a battle where two groups had over a hundred each and a third group only had five, they would definitely stick out as the weaker prey, right?

Just not in this case.

“Seems like the real fighting starts now,” Jake said through the Golden Mark.

“Leave them no quarter,”the Sword Saint also said without hesitation. “Focus on the left group and get behind them.”

They all did as the Sword Saint said as their group began to retreat and circle around to get behind the group on the left, putting them between their party and the other faction. Sylphie helped as a wind tunnel was created, and while their movements weren’t quite teleportation, it was nevertheless damn fast.

The moment they appeared there, they all attacked as arrows, crescent blades of water, and wind, along with golden shockwaves, rolled onto the army in front of them. Jake instantly knew what the Sword Saint wanted as the opposing faction noticed their sworn enemies suddenly under attack and decided this was a great time to restart the battle.

“Avoid using boosting skills and do not tire yourself out, but fight with longevity in mind,” the Sword Saint reiterated, as they were very much taking this first battle as a trial session for the many more fights to come. “Simply watch the fires burn across the river as we wait at leisure while the enemy labors.”

“For those who forgot, he is telling us to chill while the enemies tire themselves out before we attack and wipe them all out,” Jake made sure to explain as he already saw Sylphie look confused from the old man talking like an old man.

Following the Sword Saint’s elementary plan, one group was rapidly wiped out as they were attacked from both sides. When desperation set in, some did break completely free from the curse, but at that point, it was too late. Jake and company made sure to not advance too much during this fight, resulting in many from the other faction also dying. Those who managed to survive till the very end were also well and truly tired out, making them easy picking as Jake’s party let loose and cleaned up the rest of the battlefield.

After they were done, they quickly moved on toward another battlefield. On the way, they also ran into some smaller groups of soldiers and groups coming as reinforcement to other battlefields spread throughout the Vast Plateau. One of them even had a map detailing the few closest battlefields. Through some extrapolation, In total, there were at least thirty active battlefields, with even more now-abandoned areas filled with only undead and curse energy.

The Vast Plateau was truly vast, but as they traveled, Jake did notice how odd things were in regard to the placements of these battlefields. They weren’t in a line as expected if two factions with borders fought but were far too spread out throughout the Vast Plateau. Jake began to consider if they were maybe placed purposefully to set up some form of large magic circle, but he couldn’t make that fit either with any of the knowledge he had.

Things were weird until they reached the two-month mark since arriving on floor eighty. On one of the battlefields, where more curse and death energy than usual had already begun to appear, Jake questioned how it happened so fast. He and Dina had already talked about it plenty during their travels and how it felt off, but after reaching this particular battlefield, they understood.

Jake landed on the ground as he inspected the soil in the process of turning gray, and right as he did, he felt something from his boots. A natural treasure of some kind, hidden in the middle of the battlefield, pretty deep underground. With the help of Dina, they quickly dug it up as a sphere of bones attached together appeared before them.

Unsure what it was, Jake inspected the sphere as, surprisingly enough, it was the King who had some insight. “This is a soul-sealing hex-trap created from collecting all the ancient bones long-buried here. Bones that are connected to the land. It creates a field that seals in the soul energy of those who die in a ruthless way… which often results in the birth of curses or undead in the land where one is deployed. Based on the runes on it, I believe it even serves to amplify the curse.”

“You have come across one before?” Jake asked.

“No, I learned about things like this from the witch on the World Council. And while this Totem Bone Sphere, as they are called, is not witch magic, it isn’t far off. Whoever made this is a powerful witch doctor or shaman,” the Fallen King responded.

“Likely one of the Twin Emperors,” Jake said with a frown. “Can any of you use Identify on it? Mine isn’t doing anything.”

Everyone shook their heads as the Fallen King added. “It has protection against such things placed on it. In fact, it should have been hidden from most forms of detection. Something that doesn’t seem to matter to you.”

Jake shrugged, not going to deny that one.

“What are we going to do with it?” Dina asked. “Destroy it now?”

“Hm,” the Sword Saint hummed, and Jake felt everyone glance at him.

“I got nothing,” Jake shrugged. “I could absorb the curse energy in the sphere with Eternal Hunger, but it doesn’t really have much in it yet.”

“I would reckon it has the function to absorb all the energy in the domain,” the Fallen King shared. “Doing so will complete the item. In most cases, these totems are made to cultivate curse and death energy, likely to be used in some form of ritual at a later time.”

“In that case, we probably shouldn’t mess with it,” Jake said after thinking a bit. “Destroying it may mess up unlocking the event boss. Maybe a bit like how you needed the Demon Lord to have all its artifacts intact for the fight.”

“It’s possible, if not probable,” the Sword Saint agreed. “Let us do that then.”

“Alright,” Dina didn’t argue as she put the sphere back underground, and they buried it again, trying to act as if they had never been there.

Knowing what was going on now helped a lot as they continued their crusade. Their objective was clear: end the fighting on every battlefield and complete all the preparations for the Twin Emperors to come and extract them. Or, at least one of the Twin Emperors. They still needed to figure out what was up with them and how the two were connected. It could just be the same person acting like both, but that was something they had to confirm.

Perhaps by going to actually see one of the two leaders of the Vast Plateau.

On a particularly large battlefield at the five-month mark, Jake and company had to be careful as they often had to retreat and reenter the fight again later. Each side had commanders who were effectively mini-bosses around level 320, and that forced their party to be very careful, as both had at least five commanders. While killing a single commander wasn’t that difficult, killing several at the same time sure as hell wasn’t.

And this is kind of what happened. Sylphie and the Fallen King messed up and got overwhelmed with enemies from all sides, forcing Dina to go all-out and use one of her trump cards to bail them out. While she succeeded, this did leave Dina in a weakened state for at least several days, making them hesitate if they should keep fighting or maybe take some time to recover.

Ultimately, they decided to recover, but in order to not waste time, they agreed on at least still doing something productive. A job for Jake and the best bird.

“Getting to the capital shouldn’t take more than a week, especially not with Sylphie assisting you,” the Sword Saint said as he looked at a map, showing this battlefield pretty close to one of the capitals. “Remember, the job is not to fight anyone but to get a feeling for who or what one of these Twin Emperors is.”

That’s right… it was time to finally figure out the true identities of the Twin Emperors. Or at least one of them.




***
Chapter 864: Nevermore: Twin Emperor Identified


***






For the longest time, Jake had found Sylphie’s version of stealth very endearing and silly while also naturally being utterly useless. She believed that by simply making a giant tornado and hiding within it, no one would notice anything was amiss and just ignore it. She thought the same when it came to hiding sound: just make so much noise no one can hear anything, and you’re good.

Well… it turns out Sylphie had kind of been correct all along? The problem all along had just been that Sylphie didn’t do her stealth technique on a big enough scale.

If a small tornado was ripping apart an area, someone would notice it. However, if a giant gust of wind flew by, while people would surely notice it, few would instantly connect it to a small green hawk. Especially not when said small green hawk was merged with the wind itself, effectively making her a natural phenomenon. At least it did work on this planet, as no one bothered Jake and Sylphie during their travels.

Jake could already imagine the horrors of Sylphie’s stealth technique when she got even stronger. Giant hurricanes would wash across planets just in her attempts to hide within.

Of course, Sylphie’s stealth did have the issue of not really working when not traveling swiftly, as a giant gust of wind not moving or just flying in circles creating a tornado was definitely suspicious. The giant gust did have some advantages unforeseen advantages, though, such as allowing Jake to ride alongside it.

Even with all Jake’s improvements to One Step, Thousand Miles, he was still not as fast as Sylphie, so having her adjust her speed to boost Jake was a big help. It allowed the two of them to travel across the Vast Plateau swiftly as they headed for the capital closest to the battlefield while the Sword Saint and Fallen King stayed back with Dina to protect her.

Jake didn’t doubt the two of them would still mess a bit with the battlefields, but they would definitely show restraint. The reason the two hadn’t come along for this scouting mission was partly because someone needed to stay with Dina and simply because they were both too slow. Plus, neither had good stealth skills, and if they did end up getting into conflict during their travels, Jake and Sylphie were the two best people in their party at escaping.

Alright, maybe Dina was equal to Jake, as they both had trump card escape skills, but Sylphie was second to none with her incredible speed and elusiveness. In either case, Jake was the king of stealth and was thus the best at trying to get a good look at this Twin Emperor to figure out what they were dealing with.

As Jake was the best at stealth, Syplhie sadly had to hang back when they got close to the capital. They found a small forest not far from the capital where Sylphie found a nice branch to sit on while Jake headed to the capital itself to check things out and learn more about the Twin Emperor. Who knows, maybe he could even manage to sneak into wherever the emperor lived and have a look around.

Setting off, Jake flew into the air with his stealth skill already active. He wanted to get some height first to get a good look at one of the two capital cities of the Vast Plateau, and when he did… honestly, he felt a bit disappointed.

It was so damn small.

Alright, it was still pretty big, probably large enough to house around fifty thousand, but compared to what Jake had come to expect from capital cities in the multiverse, it was pathetic. The Fort part of Haven was way bigger than this small capital, and when compared to some of the cities they had seen even on prior floors – or especially the Neverending Journey Challenge Dungeon – it barely looked like a town.

However, as Jake scouted it from afar, he did notice one thing. After using Identify more than fifty times, Jake had yet to see a single individual below level 280. And there were a lot of people in the city, most of them crafters, though. The weapon industry was definitely in full swing, as well as large alchemy labs and others who worked on supplies for the war efforts. The city was clearly still underpopulated for its already smallish size, but he reckoned a few thousand should be living there, which also truly attested to how many were already on the battlefields.

In the center of the capital was a large burly tower, only about ten stories tall but damn wide. Jake wasn’t even sure if he could call it a tower, as it pretty much had the shape of a cake. He didn’t hold any doubt this would be where the Twin Emperor could be found, and not just because it was the largest central building in the capital, but due to the magical runes covering the entire thing.

Jake even felt a faintly familiar energy to the one in the bone spheres, making him certain this emperor was indeed involved.

Entering the city, Jake covertly made his way toward the large building. If the emperor was home, he wanted to avoid entering the building if he could. If the Fallen King was correct and they were dealing with a witch doctor or something similar, things could quickly get hairy if Jake entered. Casters like that were very similar to witches like Miranda and liked their well-established magical domains a bit too much.

Luckily, he didn’t enter before confirming the emperor was home. After circling the building a few times and sitting watch, he saw a figure at a window. There was a barrier to make one unable to look inside, but Jake didn’t face many issues to Perception-check it as he saw the full form of one of the two floor bosses.

His frame was large and burly, the Twin Emperor standing nearly four and a half meters tall. He wore simple robes, with tattoos covering almost every piece of skin visible, and on his forehead was a small horn. He had the muscles of a warrior but the clothing and demeanor of a mage. His race was also a bit of a surprise, as Jake had fully expected to see an orc, considering they were the most commonly seen race in the Vast Plateau. Not that he was overly surprised at seeing an ogre, as there had also been quite a lot of those here and there.

It was a bit risky, but Jake still decided to go for an Identify, partly to confirm he was indeed looking at the right boss, and sure enough, it was one of them.

[Twin Emperor – lvl 330]

Level 330 was honestly just about expected. The event boss on floor seventy-five had been level 325, so this one had to be stronger. One also had to remember that level wasn’t everything. This Twin Emperor was clearly a powerful variant, making it incredibly strong for its level.

Not that this Twin Emperor was the event boss… because he definitely felt weaker than the event boss from five floors prior. In fact, Jake felt he could fight this boss in a one-versus-one, and even if it would be a damn difficult fight, Jake gave himself at least a sixty-forty chance. With Sylphie also joining in, they had better than a three-to-one, and with the entire party, they could definitely do it.

Jake’s still felt certain this boss related to the event boss, though. At least his gut told him so. Moreover, when Jake used Identify before, he felt as if something was off. His Identify hadn’t been detected by the Twin Emperor, but something had still interfered with it.

He did have a skill that messed with the bone sphere, so it wouldn’t be odd if he could also hide his own status, Jake mentally noted.

This content has been unlawfully taken from Royal Road; report any instances of this story if found elsewhere.

Refocusing, Jake narrowed his eyes. This was far more risky than the Identify he had done before, but he was certain that a successful Identify would offer very valuable information. Primal Gaze partly activated as his eyes began to glow, and ever-so-vaguely, Jake felt as if he saw some kind of veil around the Twin Emperor. Something obscured his sight, making him see false information, almost like a shroud that was way shitter than Jake’s Shroud.

Forcefully, Jake pierced the veil. The moment he did, the boss noticed his presence as the ogre whipped his head around and peered out the window straight at where Jake was standing using stealth. Due to the nature of Unseen Hunter, the ogre now saw Jake very clearly as the two of them momentarily made eye contact.

Well, shit.

Jake didn’t have time to hesitate as the entire cake-shaped tower lit up with runes as the ogre barged out his own window, breaking it in the process. A staff appeared in his hand as Jake summoned his wings and quickly used One Step to try and get away, but he felt space around him begin to get supressed.

Dodging to the side, Jake narrowly avoided a descending lighting bolt aimed straight at where he had been standing. A massive explosion from the impact sent him tumbling through the air as he continued trying to get away.

The ground itself began to warp beneath him as a giant hand of stone rose and tried to grab him, and it didn’t help when he realized that it wasn’t truly space itself around him getting suppressed but the air actively working against him. Moreover, Jake felt as if his body was beginning to get heavy as even more concepts came into play. Far more than Jake wanted to try and deal with.

Arcane Awakening activated at the stable 30% as Jake lifted his foot and stepped down. Despite half a dozen concepts and elemental magics closing in on Jake, he still felt everything around him stabilize as his foot found solid ground, allowing him to teleport safely, courtesy of the best boots in the multiverse.

He appeared over two kilometers away, avoiding all the attacks coming for him. Even if Jake kind of wanted to strike back, he avoided doing anything, as this was no time or place to fight. He was still in the capital city, and all over, he felt auras begin to spike up. Even if it was nearly only crafters present, Jake didn’t want to try and deal with a few thousand of them.

Fleeing, he dodged several attacks as he felt the pressure on him lessen. The ogre behind him was preparing something big, and Jake sure as hell wasn’t going to stay back to experience it.

Picking up speed, Jake quickly saw that the boss had stopped chasing, though he was still casting something. For a moment, he felt relieved until something impacted his Shroud of the Primordial, as well as his soul in general. Energy had somehow appeared in his body that tried to invade his soul. It wasn’t a curse, nor was it death magic, but something odd Jake remembered seeing Miranda using.

A hex…

Luckily, the energy didn’t seem capable of finding anywhere to settle due to Shroud obscuring his soul. With a rush of destructive arcane energy, Jake managed to get rid of the energy from the hex, purging himself while feeling very happy he had been the one to go and not Sylphie or any of the others, as they would have had a way harder time dealing with the high level hex.

Far behind him in the capital, Jake saw a massive thunderstorm erupt as a roar of anger echoed out. Jake could only breathe a sigh of relief as he got further and further away. He didn’t dare head only to where Sylphie was hiding as he sent her a quick message.

“We’re bailing out of here. Fly back toward the party immediately, and keep a steady pace till I catch up,” Jake warned the small hawk.

“Ree,” Sylphie responded, screeching telepathically into Jake’s head.

Jake kept flying for a good while longer, as he did have some pursuers, but they quickly gave up. While still flying, Jake deactivated his boosting skill, happy he didn’t have to use it above 30% so he could avoid the period of weakness. After reactivating his stealth skill, he sent a message to Sylphie for them to meet back up as he had a telepathic virtual meeting with the party.

“So, some good and some bad news,” Jake told the four others. “What do you want first?”

“Bad news,” the King responded without hesitation.

“I didn’t manage to infiltrate the main building controlled by the Twin Emperor, and I ended up getting chased away when he noticed my presence. So, still not entirely sure exactly what his plans are, and I doubt I can try and sneak back in now.”

“Alright, and what is the good news?” the Sword Saint asked.

“The Twin Emperor was level 330 and pretty strong on his own, which must mean the event boss is even stronger, so we’ll have a good fight ahead of us!” Jake sent with a smile.

“… and what else?” the Sword Saint sighed.

“Oh yeah, and I figured out what’s up with the Twin Emperor… or should I call him one part of the Twinhead Emperor,” Jake said as he referred to the successful Identify he managed to sneak through just as he was found.

[Left Twinhead Emperor – lvl 330]

Jake would lie if he said he wasn’t excited at what he saw… because what they were dealing with was an insanely rare variant of ogre. One he had seen quite a bit about, as one of the more powerful gods who once worked with the Order had been one and had even authored quite a few books Jake had read.

“Are you saying it’s a…?” Dina began.

“Yep, we got a genuine Twinhead Ogre on our hands,” Jake said with glee.

“What is this Twinhead Ogre you speak of?” the Sword Saint questioned.

“Oh man, they are quite something…” Jake said as he began explaining this fascinating race.

Twinhead Ogres were as rare as they were interesting in the multiverse. For creatures to have more than one head wasn’t actually that rare – see hydras as one example – but those heads were just natural parts of the main creature. They were more like extra arms or something. It wasn’t as if every head was its own living entity.

A Twinhead Ogre legitimately had two heads and two minds. Mind you, they still shared the same Truesoul, but the rest of the soul was split in two. Each could have entirely independent thoughts and act entirely on their own. This meant that one Twinhead Ogre could also do two things at once and research two topics at the same time, far more effectively than borderline any other race. In combat, they could also do two things at once, making them formidable foes… when the two heads got along, that is.

Because Twinhead Ogres also had quite the disadvantages. First of all, as each head was its own, but they shared one body, there could be a lack of unity, especially when it came to combat. They had to be in agreement, or they could often fight very sloppily. Growth-wise, they were also facing some challenges. They were a bit like Jake and his Anomalous Soul in this regard. Their souls were very different from usual creatures, making them require more experience per level and evolutions a lot harder, resulting in most Twinhead ogres never making it to B-grade despite being naturally born C-grades.

The biggest downside of this race was, by far, the lack of independence for each head and the Twinhead Ogre being two people forced to share one body. This resulted in a phenomenon where many Twinhead Ogres ended up actively plotting to take full control. They would work to completely kill off their counterpart and either make them mindless slaves no different from a powerful Virtual Mind skill or even cut off the head entirely and evolve into a race with only one head.

Of course, some Twinhead Ogres also tried to find another solution… which was what Jake thought this Twinhead Ogre was doing. He had managed to split himself in two and was now working on a grand ritual, perhaps with the purpose of making it a permanent thing, allowing the two of them to exist independently.

To clarify, this was impossible.

They only had one Truesoul. Which also gave Jake another thought.

“If they are a split Twinhead Ogre, they will have to meet up once in a while. Seeing as the Twinhead Ogre is level 330, they will probably have to meet up physically every month to a month and a half to maintain their split state,” Jake shared with their party. “Oh, and also, while the split doesn’t halve their power but allows each to maintain most of the main body, the combined version of the two will be even more powerful than them separate, even if they fight together.”

“So we think the event boss of this floor is the merged Twinhead Ogre?” the Sword Saint asked clarifyingly.

“Sure as hell fits the criteria,” Jake answered. “Now, killing just one of them would result in the permanent deaths of both in their current state, so that would be the easy way to beat this floor. To unlock the event boss, we likely need them to merge, but I think the two of them are legitimately competing in some way to kill the other and absorb their twin permanently.”

“I assume that means-“

“Yep, Sylphie and I are headed to the other capital city to confirm… and this time, I’m not gonna give myself away too soon but find some actual evidence to this theory.”




***
Chapter 865: Nevermore: Different Points of View (AKA the Laziest Chapter Title Possible)


***






So, there were a few things to address.

First of all, the second Twin Emperor turned out to be quite a bit different from the first one. Rather than carrying around a staff and wearing robes, he had on durable metal armor and carried around a massive two-handed sword on his back at all times. While Jake avoided the guy, he was confident that this second half of the Twin Emperor was a far more physical fighter.

Secondly, this entire war was indeed a plot by the Twinhead Ogre. In traditional Nevermore fashion, information could be found just out in the open within the main residence of the second Twinhead Emperor, which Jake had managed to sneak successfully into after the boss left the capital – likely to meet up with his other counterpart.

In the home of the boss, Jake found written records, as well as some books and even communications from the other Twin Emperor, where they discussed what they were doing. To summarize, the Twinhead Ogre wasn’t natively from the Vast Plateau but had ended up there after his own homeworld was invaded, and he used an ancient teleportation circle to try and get away. After arriving on the Plateau, he quickly came to realize there was a severe lack of enemies that would allow him to continue progressing and reach B-grade.

Without evolving, the Twinhead Ogre believed he had a low chance of being able to leave the Plateau to explore the rest of the multiverse, so the two heads hatched a plan of using all the enlightened life in the Vast Plains to fuel their own evolution. At that time, they had clearly been unified in their goal, but when Jake read the notes of the Twin Emperor now, he saw that things had changed.

Jake had been off when he theorized the ritual was to permanently split up. That had never been the plan at all. However, after the split, the Twin Emperors both experienced independence for the first time in their lives, and it turns out they both quite liked it. At least the warrior Twin Emperor also suspected the mage variant also preferred their split state.

Researching more, Jake discovered that even if the warrior variant looked like a pure warrior, he was more akin to a death knight. He was capable of quite powerful death magic, and the bone spheres had been created back when the two of them were still merged into one body, using both of their powers.

Meanwhile, the mage variant was something called a hex shaman. He was capable of using shamanistic magic along with hexes, wherein curses were a sub-category. So, one head focused on physical combat and death magic, while the other focused on shamanistic magic and hexes. A pretty damn strong combo when combined, Jake would reckon.

The problem now was that the two of them didn’t want to fully recombine, which was a bit of a problem if their party wanted to fight a recombined version. Jake even found evidence of the warrior making plans to use his death magic to ”kill” off his counterpart when they did the grand ritual to re-merge and hopefully gain enough Records to reach B-grade. At the same time, Jake didn’t doubt the mage was making similar plans to also get rid of the warrior in a similar fashion, something this warrior version already suspected.

So, yeah, things were a bit of a mess, which spelled problems for Jake and company. If the event boss was the re-merged version of the Twinhead Ogre, they couldn’t make do with one of them ”dying” during the re-merging, as that would undoubtedly weaken the final product. Something this Twin Emperor also fully recognized, but his desire to remain independent made the lower overall power worth it in his head.

Interestingly enough, Jake also found out that the two ogres recognized the presence of Jake and company. There were several correspondences related to their party and how a third party had appeared, but so far, the two Twin Emperors did not seem overly concerned. In fact, they were almost thankful that their party sped up the process of killing everyone, doing such a good job on every battlefield by leaving no one alive. For some reason, the two ogres also felt the need to insult their party for not realizing they were just helping the ritual along, but Jake wasn’t going to get angry about that. He would get even in time.

Jake ended up spending half a day or so going through all the information the warrior Twinhead Ogre had just left spread throughout his home. Some of it was sealed away and hidden, sure, but Jake easily found everything using Sphere.

One could ask why all of these plans and correspondences between the two Twin Emperors were just left all around the place and not destroyed once the warrior had memorized everything, but Jake wasn’t going to question the flawless logic of a Nevermore floor. It hadn’t made sense on any of the prior floors either, so why suddenly get all up in arms over this one?

He managed to sneak out of the second Twin Emperor’s residence before anyone caught him, as Jake moved to meet up with his other party members once more. Sylphie had already rejoined them after helping Jake get most of the way to this other capital, and the four of them were busy making a mess on more of the battlefields.

Time-wise, they were still good. They still had a few months left to finish off this floor and defeat the re-merged Twinhead Ogre. The plan was to fight the strongest version of the Twinhead Ogre possible, and to do that, they reached a conclusion.

”To summarize, firstly, we will clear up all the battlefields to ensure all the Totem Bone Spheres are fully charged. Then, we will allow the two Twin Emperors to collect them, but before or perhaps in the middle of their ritual, we need to make the two of them realize that they need to merge with one another fully to stand a chance against the five of us. If all goes well, we will end up with a Twinhead Ogre fully put back together, further empowered by the ritual. It’s risky, and we may be biting off more than we can chew, but this is the plan,” the Sword Saint nicely explained their plan for finishing off the final Nevermore floor.

A simple plan where a lot could go wrong, with the end result potentially being an event boss far too powerful for them to beat. Yep, Jake was definitely going to enjoy this final floor, especially what would happen over the next few months… because it was time to wipe out all the battlefields and get just a few more levels under his belt.

Azal cursed under his breath as he looked out at the vast plains in front of him. It did not get better when his party member, the Dungeon Engineer, shook his head as he opened in eyes, having finished his analysis.

”Nope, no way to do it in time,” Casper said with a sigh. ”This floor got two main bosses from what I can sense, and in order to get the best reward, we need to do something with the two of them. Not just kill them both, but something more complicated… and time-consuming.”

”The essence of death is powerful in this world… it’s one suitable for us. However, it has an artificial feeling… as if it’s cultivated. Do we need to finish this cultivation to ensure a perfect victory?” the ghostly bride asked as a few ghosts returned to her, having scouted their immediate surroundings.

”Right… I sense a lot of focus points where both death and curse energy are gathered. As you said, it’s all happening in a rather artificial fashion, so probably someone that’s being done by one of those Twin Emperors,” Casper shook his head again as he looked at Azal. ”Sorry boss, no way to do everything in time.”

This content has been unlawfully taken from Royal Road; report any instances of this story if found elsewhere.

Azal couldn’t fault the Dungeon Engineer. They had simply been too slow at passing the prior floors and even made some major mistakes along the way. Especially their attempts to do the event boss on floor seventy-five had been overly ambitious, resulting in the death of one of their comrades and Maltrax having to overuse a certain boosting skill, making her weakened for more than a year afterward. Luckily, the Risen had sent a replacement from one of the other elite teams for their dead party member. This meant another team was crippled by losing a member, but there had simply been no other choice. Azal had been prioritized by the higher-ups; that was the end of it.

My score should still be acceptable in the eyes of the Blightfather,Azal thought. No, hoped. If not, he could potentially lose his title of Ghost King.

As he was standing there considering the situation, his party kept discussing.

”Can’t we just kill these two Twin Emperors and quickly pass the floor that way?” Maltrax, the beastfolk Risen, asked.

”Look at the objective of the floor again. It says to end the conflict, something I doubt just killing one or both of the two Twin Emperors will do,” Casper said. ”It would also just be too easy from a design perspective.”

”Well, fuck,” Maltrax cursed out loud. ”What then? We got a month and a bit left or something like that, right?”

”Right,” Casper confirmed. ”In my opinion, the best way to optimize points would probably be to hunt down at least one of these bosses. While it won’t be as good as clearing the floor, hopefully, it will give us a few achievements. We can also try and do a few bonus objectives, but yeah, the best thing is probably to just kill a Twin Emperor or two. I would assume that’s also the best for levels.”

”Let us do that then,” Azal said with determination. Even if he doubted he would be able to take the top spot of the Leaderboards as his Patron had hoped, he would, at the very least, do his best till the very end.

Jacob relaxed on the fourteenth City Floor, sitting and drinking tea with Bertram as he waited for more members of the Holy Church to come to see him. His former bodyguard and current Guardian had a tentative look on his face as he looked at the teacup in front of him.

”You’re really satisfied with this?” he asked after a bit.

”It was for the best,” Jacob sighed, having had a similar conversation like this before. ”We can do more good here, helping those who have questions or are beginning to doubt if their Path needs improvement. Especially as most finish all the Challenge Dungeons on this floor, it’s the best place to have these conversations.”

”Hmph,” Bertram just grunted, not entirely satisfied with the answer.

Jacob understood… Bertram was a fighter. However, Jacob wasn’t. While the two of them were bound by the unique bond between a Guardian and an Augur, they were still two separate people with their own Truesouls. This meant they took up two spots in the Nevermore party, and that sadly made them burdens.

In the earlier floors, this wasn’t really a problem, as Jacob’s abilities as an Augur were highly valuable, allowing them to often skip many time-consuming steps. Back then, the true difficulty had been in pure navigation and figuring out the floors. Now, the difficulty was in the actual fights.

Bertram and Jacob could pull off some interesting moves, considering Bertram’s near-immortality and ability to be resurrected repeatedly. He could use boosting skills far beyond where one would die and wield powerful weapons such as a Holy Sword to be a true pinnacle fighter for difficult fights.

The problem arose when every fight was a dangerous one. In his basic state, Bertram was only a good warrior. He was skilled for sure and was considered an elite, but compared to the others they had in their party, Jacob and Bertram simply fell too far behind.

That’s why it had been decided that Jacob and Bertram’s Nevermore journey would end here, not going to floor seventy-one. Instead, they had been replaced by two others from the Holy Church. In fact, the Church had split up their entire party and made one with the five best prospects to go as far as they could during the final decade or so. It would be the very best the Holy Church could muster for this early era of Nevermore, and hopefully, it would be enough.

Meanwhile, Jacob would stay back and help guide people until this decade expired and it was time for him to leave. One could question why he didn’t try and do some more floors to at least gain a few more levels, but to someone like Jacob, staying back on the City Floor was better even for that. He would gain more experience acting like an Augur for a decade compared to doing more floors.

Finally, and perhaps most importantly, the higher-ups believed it best Jacob didn’t take more risks. On floor sixty-eight, he had trigged his One More Light skill, which had resurrected him once after death. The skill gave him one charge per grade, and while he did have one more left as he didn’t die in D-grade, the Church believed it too risky for him to continue. His death back then had come when they pulled off one of their special strategies with Bertram, leaving Jacob defenseless as he was killed by a regular monster no one had seen coming.

”Hey, at least I have some positive news,” Jacob said with a smile. ”I have ensured we will be able to go back to Earth when the Prima Guardian arrives. I didn’t even have to act like this would be my compromise for not making a fuss over being told to stay on the City Floor.”

”Oh?” Bertram said with surprise. ”That is good news… I hope everyone is doing well back home.”

”Based on what I heard, things are just fine,” Jacob answered. ”My father is even part of their World Council running things in place of Jake having to actually do any work as a World Leader.”

”Definitely for the best. Not the thing about your father, but that Jake isn’t running things all on his own. Doubt that would end well.”

”For sure,” Jacob said with a look of nostalgia.

The two of them tended to avoid talking about Earth as it was a sore subject for both of them. Jacob didn’t like how he had borderline been fooled into leaving before Ell’Hakan had made his invasion, much less that the Holy Church had taken advantage of this invasion to force the Risen off the planet.

At least he had learned that the Holy Church had expected to be able to remain and still have some presence, even if it wouldn’t be prominent or displayed openly. Efforts Miranda had managed to crush, as the planet was nearly entirely dark to the eyes of the Holy Church now after almost all of the people affiliated with them were removed.

Perhaps for the better. No matter how involved Jacob got with the Holy Church, he still cared about his home planet and the people from it, and he genuinely hoped they were all doing well.

Carmen didn’t like being forced to spend time with more people she didn’t know, but at least the three of them were more skilled than their former party members. Plus, at least they were doing fun group activities.

Davion, their party leader, rushed forward as the four others followed into the battlefield, where they became a machine of death. While clearing all of floor eighty would be a stretch, they sure as hell should be able to get in quite a few good fights.

Moving swiftly, Carmen took the frontal position as they were noticed by a group of enemies. A few dozen spells flew toward them, Carmen just smiling as she took the magic head-on. It didn’t even manage to leave a mark on her body as she punched a particularly large fireball apart before continuing to pummel the mage who had cast it.

Two warriors attack from behind as their blades hit her back. The large clang of metal hitting something tougher than itself sounded out as Carmen turned with a grin and punched one of them in the throat before kicking the other in the stomach, sending him tumbling back into the two-handed blade of Davion, who cut him in two.

Flashing him a grin, Carmen turned to face more as she took every hit without a care in the world, the level 300 foes far from capable of piercing her natural resistance. Especially not the casters. Ah, but there were a few who could maybe nick her a bit here and there so she could still have some fun.

Her three other party members also went hard. A shaman with a dozen or so summoned fire and earth elementals was practically a one-woman army, as she wielded her own staff to shoot out torrents of lava to burn her enemies. A caster that didn’t really fit into the usual Valhal archetype cast spirit magic to buff their party members up and act as a healer, while a third guy wielded a massive great bow to shoot devastating arrows. He wasn’t as good as Jake, but he was decent enough.

Their party had been shuffled up a bit after doing all the Challenge Dungeons, resulting in only Davion and Carmen continuing in the ”elite” group. While Carmen hadn’t been a fan of this shuffle initially, she had to recognize it was probably for the better, as there was no fucking way they would have made it to floor eighty with their old group.

Not that they would beat it… but at least Carmen would have a good time until the very end of Nevermore by punching her way through a few dozen active battlefields.




***
Chapter 866: Nevermore: Lord of Hunger


***






Jake stood back along with the three others as they allowed the Sword Saint to do his thing. More than seventy combatants remained, and despite being on opposing sides, they had teamed up to face this one swordsman. Nevertheless, the outcome was clear.

Rain fell from the sky, every droplet piercing into their barriers and shields. The swordsman himself fought them in a simplistic fashion as he moved swiftly between foes, never giving them any chance to surround him or catch him out in a vulnerable position.

Even when his sword swings didn’t manage to leave injuries, the piercing rain did. These tens of thousands of small piercing droplets fell every second, making them simply impossible to block. The water itself, even when blocked, also contained the concept of time, weighing and slowing down everyone the more soaked they got. Moreover, Jake knew this was only the first part of the old man’s mythical skill, an extremely powerful move for sure.

The only big downside was that to use this skill, the old man had to be fighting alone… not because it was a requirement, but because it would strike everything and everyone in the area indiscriminately.

When about sixty enemies remained, the Sword Saint used the next move. The rain began to slow down before stopping in mid-air while the old man floated backwards as he took a stance, pointing the blade toward the ground and grasping it with both hands as he knelt. With a slow movement, he began to move the blade upwards, the floating droplets doing the same.

“Rain of Time: Reversal.”

Instantly, he swung upwards, the raindrops following along. The ground below was torn up as every single droplet reversed in time and pierced toward the sky, as it looked like the old man had just swung a blade dozens of kilometers long and wide.

Every single person caught in it was cut up, many of them ripped apart altogether by the powerful strike. Only about twenty of the most powerful C-grades remained, all having used powerful defensive skills or hidden items to survive.

It was the same skill the old man had already shown off quite a number of times before. It had been the mythical skill he gained in D-grade that had downgraded to legendary when he evolved… a downgrade that had now been reversed. Because the old man had upgraded it back up to mythical once more, as the skill was no longer finished even after this move.

Rather than use the skill to restore a bit of the used resources, he activated a second part. Pointing his blade toward the clouds above made of pure water, he spoke once more.

“Rain of Time: Thousand Blades Descent.”

All of the rain that had fallen coalesced into blades far up in the sky as the Sword Saint swung down once more. Every single blade of water descended with his strike, and rather than simply flying straight down, they each aimed for the still-living combatants.

The poor twenty or so survivors tried to defend themselves but were unable to as each was already injured. Limbs were sent flying as every single one of them was cut apart, and many of the blades of water were colored red with blood as they continued down and pierced into the ground, penetrating the rocky ground for dozens of meters as the terrain itself began to look like swiss cheese. Definitely not a good sight for anyone with trypophobia.

Breathing heavily, the old man sheathed his sword before flying back toward the group, looking pretty damn tired. As he got closer, Jake couldn’t help but yell:

“Six hundred and thirty-seven!”

“What?” the Sword Saint responded as he soon reached them, looking quite confused.

“You said there were a thousand blades, but I only counted six hundred and thirty-seven,” Jake said as he shook his head in disappointment. “That’s just false advertising right there.”

“Really?” the old man responded with a tired sigh.

“I call it as I see it,” Jake shrugged and smirked.

“Don’t you have a skill called One Step, Thousand Miles? I’m positively confident I have yet to see you ever travel even a hundred miles in a single step using that skill, much less a thousand,” the Sword Saint shot back.

“In my defense, I use the skill with a focus on quick activation over range… plus, I didn’t make that skill; it’s a set upgrade path. You made that skill, so the name should at least be accurate. Also, all of my other skills do as advertised,” Jake said with confidence, as all of his arcane arrow skills were indeed made of arcane arrows.

“Do you not possess a skill called Sagacity of the Malefic Viper? That, too, is a lie, as I see no sage before me,” the Fallen King decided to team up with the old man to attack Jake.

“Of the Malefic Viper. He is the sage, not me,” Jake said, deciding to change the subject, considering he was getting mercilessly attacked from two directions at once. Looking at the Sword Saint, he asked what they were all thinking. “Anyway, did you get the level?”

“I did indeed,” the old man politely accepted the change of subject as he nodded.

The reason the old man had handled this small battlefield alone was for him to get one more level before the final fight with the Twinhead Ogre. He had been level 289 in his class and, with this level, had gotten a new skill selection.

A few of the others had also gotten over this breakpoint, but sadly for Jake, he was still a bit behind. Not to say he hadn’t also made some good progress.

*’DING!’ Class: [Arcane Hunter of Horizon’s Edge] has reached level 285 - Stat points allocated, +50 Free Points*

…

*’DING!’ Class: [Arcane Hunter of Horizon’s Edge] has reached level 287 - Stat points allocated, +50 Free Points*

*’DING!’ Race: [Human (C)] has reached level 274 - Stat points allocated, +45 Free Points*

This was for the entire floor, mind you. Getting three levels was good for sure, but he had gotten less than the others simply because this particular floor didn’t suit his Path that well. Jake wasn’t made for big wars or conflicts; he was instead far more specialized in hunting down powerful singular individuals. In truth, Jake’s Path also wasn’t super well-suited for group combat in general but was better made for lone hunting.

“Any update on the Twin Emperors?” Dina asked as the Sword Saint went off to the side to focus on his skill selection.

“They are collecting their bone spheres pretty quickly,” Jake answered with a smile as he stopped thinking sad thoughts about his own relative lack of levels. “At least, I guess that’s what they’re doing when they go to all the different battlefields.”

“Ree?” Sylphie inquired.

“Yeah, we should have time. If they keep up this speed, collecting them all will take two weeks more at most,” Jake responded as he focused on the two Hunter’s Marks he had placed on the bosses.

In preparation for the final fight, they naturally needed to know where this ritual would be taking place. Finding this location had once more been tasked to Jake as he was the scout of the party and, quite frankly, just the best at it.

The story has been illicitly taken; should you find it on Amazon, report the infringement.

He had marked one of the Twin Emperors and followed him to the meeting place of the two bosses. This meeting point was in the middle of nowhere, but when Jake used a Pulse, he understood. A massive magic circle was put there, hidden beneath the ground itself, likely buried using the earth-bending powers of the shaman Twin Emperor.

Watching the two of them meet up had been pretty damn boring, but he did notice something interesting. When the two Twin Emperors were close to one another, both their bodies seemed to warp a bit, and as he had a Mark on them, he saw their Soulshapes shudder ever-so-slightly. Their very souls wanted to merge back together, but the two ogres did some simple-looking magic, stabilizing their souls before the two exchanged some words Jake couldn’t hear before they both went home again.

As they left, Jake made sure to refresh his Hunter’s Mark on both. Partly to check how long the marks would last and to keep track of the two ogres. Well, Jake turned out to be pretty lucky, as his mark lasted more than an entire month, which coincidentally was also the time between the ogres meeting up. It was a bit annoying that he had to go re-mark them every month, but luckily, he only had to do it a few times before the floor would be over. There hadn’t been that many months left, after all.

Marking them turned out to be a great idea, as when they cleared one of the last few battlefields, both Twin Emperors started to make their move. They began to go to all the old and abandoned battlefields one by one, sometimes even returning to where the giant ritual circle was in between gathering a bunch.

By now, pretty much all the bone spheres were gathered. Jake and company had also just cleared out the final active battlefield, which meant it was time for the next step in their plan.

“Let’s make our way toward the ritual circle so we can begin to set things up there,” the Sword Saint said with a nod.

“How far was it again?” the Fallen King questioned.

“Just four days with Sylphie assisting us,” the old man responded.

“Ree!” Sylphie said, always happy to help as the wind began to gather around them. The Sword Saint was a bit worse for wear after using his flashy and powerful mythical skill that Jake totally wasn’t jealous of. He could only reverse rain and create a torrent of falling swords; how was that even impressive? Jake could stare at people really menacingly, which was definitely way cooler.

Flying toward the ritual site, the five of them spoke a bit and went over their plans once more as the Sword Saint also shared a bit about the new skill he had unlocked. It was a defensive one that allowed him to shift his location in space back a second or two while summoning a water clone where he had been standing prior, allowing him to dodge attacks…

So, yeah, a shittier version of Eternal Shadow. Jake’s skill was definitely better there, especially considering the old man’s skill was only of ancient rarity.

As expected, they arrived at the ritual site just a bit under four days later. Jake released a pulse to inspect the place, and as expected, he found over a hundred totem bone spheres sealed beneath the ground at different focus points of the magic circle. Using his knowledge of ritual magic, he could also see that the two ogres needed just twenty more spheres, and they should be good to go.

“How much time left till we’re kicked out of Nevermore?” Jake asked the Sword Saint, wanting to make sure they indeed had enough time.

“A bit less than a month.” The Sword Saint answered. “As long as the Twin Emperors are as fast as you expected, we should have at least two weeks left when they get here. That should give us time for them to finish whatever preparations they need to begin the ritual.”

“There aren’t any further preparations, not really,” Jake said after he was done looking at the ritual circle. “It’s fully complete already… has been for a long time. It just needed its batteries to get powered up.”

“Hm,” the Sword Saint frowned. “Do we still have time to-“

“Yeah, I already got it all planned out in my head,” Jake grinned as he looked at the old man. “I will need your help, of course.”

“Alright, then let’s get to work,” the Sword Saint nodded in agreement as the two of them went down toward the ritual circle that the Twinhead Ogre had totally forgotten to put a “don’t touch” sign on.

Meanwhile, Dina began her preparations as she spread seeds throughout the surrounding plains. The Fallen King also made sure he had all his weird golden spheres for recovery. In truth, he and Sylphie didn’t have many things to prepare, as they just made sure to be in absolute peak condition for when Twinhead Ogre appeared… because if one thing was sure, then it was that the following fight wouldn’t be easy.

The two ogres arrived at the ritual site at approximately the same time. They spotted each other from afar and gave knowing looks before they began depositing the Totem Bone Spheres in their assigned spots. Getting everything in place only took about half an hour, a bit quicker than usual, as this time, they didn’t have to be careful and keep everything hidden.

In fact, they began to unearth the entire formation as the soil was turned over, revealing the complex magic circle the two of them had carved into the ground before they had split into two. It was the final thing the two of them had done before splitting up; their final joint project.

Now… now they would never work together again. As the final preparations were made, the two of them came together in the center of the circle. The place where they would absorb all the death and curse energy from the ritual to uplift their existence, hopefully getting enough Records to evolve to B-grade and finally get off the Vast Plateau.

“So, it has finally come to this,” the Left Twin Emperor said as he stood there with his staff, staring at his counterpart. The person whom he had once been one with… and now wished to get rid of permanently.

“It’s the only way. Neither of us wishes to become one again, and without unity, we would never be capable of evolving anyway,” the Right Twin Emperor said, as he already had a hand on his sword, which he rested on his shoulder.

There could only be one ending… and they both knew it. One of them had to perish, and each had plans to rid themselves of the other. They also both knew what the other one planned, as the closer they both got to the end of this ordeal, the harder it became to hide their true intentions. So, rather than try and plan behind the other’s back, everything was now out in the open.

One would use a cursed seal to remove the consciousness and free will of his former second half, while the other would simply kill part of the soul of the other Twin Emperor. Both were cruel methods, but neither blamed the other… to do so would simply be too hypocritical.

Besides, neither of them truly hated one another. This was simply their fate. They had tasted the forbidden fruit of independence, and this was the price they had to pay if they wished to ever continue progressing. It would weaken the winner significantly compared to if they simply fully merged once more, but that was a sacrifice that had to be made.

“May the best one win,” the Left Twin Emperor said as his aura began to spike.

“And the loser never forgotten,” the Right Twin Emperor responded, as he also pushed his aura.

Their two presences clashed with one another as they began to enter a battle of wills. An actual fight would only result in destroying the surrounding magic circle while weakening the eventual winner, making pulling off the ritual more difficult.

Instead, they would battle it out with their souls. They were both already at an identical wavelength and power level, meaning neither had any innate advantage. The winner would instead be the one with the great will to win and live on as his own entity – and likely also the one with the highest chances of evolving afterward.

The presences clashed and intertwined, as neither got an advantage. Around them, the ritual began to activate as planned, empowering both of them at the same time with both the power of curses and death. The end result of the ritual would be that only one remained, as everything would be decided soon. Their souls were already half-merged, the process no longer able to be stopped.

Yet, just then, something unplanned happened. Something unexpected.

Another aura entered the mix. A third presence made itself known, seemingly appearing out of nowhere as the sky above was covered in an unfamiliar yet recognizable energy. The energy of curses… but one far more powerful than anything their ritual was dealing with.

For a moment, their clash stopped as both looked up. A shadowy figure had appeared, floating in the sky surrounded by rolling clouds of pure curse energy, staring down at them and the ritual circle with pure hunger.

“I knew I smelled something… delicious,” the being said, as a voice echoed.

The pure hunger intensified as the two Twin Emperors both used Identify at the same time, and their eyes opened wide when they saw the creature that had appeared.

[Lord of Hunger – lvl 345]

Neither knew how this had happened and in their state of clashing souls and intertwined existences, they both knew what the other one was thinking. They had somehow attracted a powerful creature none of them had known about… perhaps they even had a hand in giving birth to it.

“A worthy feast,” the being spoke once more as a shadowy hand was raised.

Both Twin Emperors felt the bone spheres begin to react. The creature was trying to absorb the curse energy within them, devouring everything they had worked for. What’s more, they both also experienced pure bloodlust and knew that the being was not going to stop at simply reaping the fruits of their labor. As soon as it had eaten the spheres, they would be next.

As they were in the middle of the ritual circle already, and their state was that of being half-merged, the Twin Emperors faced a choice… and for the first time in a long time, neither held any doubt what the best decision would be. Stopping the merging could not be done, and what did it matter to obtain independence if they would die anyway?

Better to try and find another solution and not die facing this cursed creature. And to do that, they would need to be at their most powerful state. With determination, their unity was restored as their souls came together, rebirthing the Twinhead Emperor once more.




***
Chapter 867: Nevermore: Twinhead Emperor


***






Jake deserved a goddamn award for his performance as the mysterious yet powerful Lord of Hunger. Ah, not those awards given for good acting, but those reserved for extremely shitty performances because hot damn had Jake felt embarrassed while saying his lines.

He could at least partly excuse how horrible it was by blaming Sim-Jake a little. In order to really sell it, Jake had infused his body with curse energy and even sent it emanating out of Eternal Hunger while mixing it with his presence. Shit, he went as far as to summon his Eternal Shadow to overlap with his own body during the entire thing.

This did inadvertedly result in Jake being affected by his own curse energy. No way around it. It wasn’t much, but it was enough for Jake to feel like he could blame the remnants of cringe on Sim-Jake. At least his party members were kind enough to not say anything during or after his speech.

Not that they had much to complain about… because their plan had worked. Without them even having to use any of their two backups in case Jake’s acting had failed.

The ritual created by the Twinhead Emperor was in full swing as the curse and death energy exploded out of it. Over a hundred pillars of pure energy shot toward the sky as the two Twin Emperors merged into one being as their body was infused with energy all the meanwhile.

The energy pouring out of the many Totem Bone Spheres was the impurities, as the Twinhead Ogre only absorbed the cleanest of energy and Records. More than ninety-nine percent of this energy would not be used by the ogre as this ritual was never meant to raise their power, just their future potential. In all honesty, it was a damn impressive ritual, if also flawed in many ways, as it was rather forceful. Perhaps it would allow the Twinhead Ogre to reach B-grade, but akin to someone absorbing a fragment of the Viper and instantly evolving a few grades, B-grade would be the end of the Twinhead Ogre’s Path.

Well, if he ever did manage to evolve… something Jake and company were going to make sure that wasn’t gonna happen. As the ritual was winding down, a system message appeared before Jake and the others.

Event unlocked: Return of the Twinhead Emperor.

The culprits behind the war on the Vast Plateau were moments away from having their wish come true at the sacrifice of most enlightened beings on the Plateau. Their ritual was complete, everything ready, all factors accounted for… except for the appearance of five unknown entities.

Despite their prior plans, the Twin Emperors have decided to once more merge with one another, rebirthing the Twinhead Emperor in a state more powerful than ever. They viewed it as their only choice to face this threat, even if it ruined all they had been preparing for.

Now, with all hopes of evolution squashed, they seek only their own survival and revenge on those for forced them into this state.

End the Path of the Twinhead Emperor once and for all, thus ending not only the conflict on the Vast Plateau but the cause of it. Do so that it may never happen again.

New Bonus Objective gained: Do not allow a single party member to be slain during the battle while fully slaying the Twinhead Emperor for good.

It was a message saying something borderline identical to what was on floor seventy-five with the event boss here, except it now even had an added bonus objective. Jake and company had completed all of the bonus objectives on this floor already, so to get a new one was a bit of a surprise… plus it communicated that the difficulty of this fight was high, as the only other time Jake remembered seeing a bonus objective like that was during their fight with Minaga.

Jake stared down at the Twinhead Ogre as the ritual fully came to an end. The whole thing had only taken ten or so seconds, as the ritual had already been well underway by the time Jake appeared and interfered. As all the energy began to die down, the ritual kept humming with energy as the two figures standing at the center turned into one.

The ogre had gotten slightly taller and was the same bundle of muscle as before. His armor had changed quite a bit, as it was now a mix of the two Twin Emperor’s prior equipment. All the most important places were protected by metal, while the rest was just cloth. The only mostly visible flesh was on the ogre’s arms, legs, and face, with a kilt the only thing defending his legs, with even the feet wide open as the boss wore some sandal-looking footwear.

As expected, the biggest change by far was what could be found above the neck… or necks, as it should be called now. Two heads rested side by side, each having the face of one of the Twin Emperors. On the respective sides of their heads, they also wielded the weapons of each Twin Emperor, with the right side having a giant sword and the left side a staff.

Using Identity, Jake confirmed the result.

[Twinhead Emperor – lvl 335]

Even if the ritual had not been done to gain more power, getting a few levels was still inevitable. In fact, Jake found it a bit lucky the boss had not risen in level further… because if the Twinhead Emperor had, this would have gotten even harder than it already was going to be.

The aura of the ogre had entirely transformed after the two had merged into one. Before, they had both been incomplete, while now, reuinited, the Twinhead Ogre could show their full power once more. In pure power, it was by far the strongest creature Jake had ever faced on Nevermore, outside of the B-grade he had tried to fight in Minaga’s Labyrinth.

Powerful for sure… but compared to a B-grade, this ogre was still manageable.

“Lord of Hunger! You have forced me into this, so be prepared to face the consequences!” One of the heads of the Twinhead Emperor yelled, infusing his voice with mana. Jake felt like this was his queue to continue their plan.

“Consequences? No, thank you… I’d rather not deal with you at all,” Jake said, acting as much like a being born of a curse as he could.

“That is not your choice to-“

Before the ogre could finish the sentence, the attacks arrived. A massive drill of wind descended from above as hundreds of spear-like roots shot up from underneath. At the same time, a thin, piercing blade of water shot at the Twinhead Emperor from one side as a golden beam arrived from the other. Jake didn’t use any direct attack but instead simply stared at the boss as his eyes glowed orange, using Primal Gaze.

He felt a powerful impact on his soul, making Jake flinch in pain, but he still continued doing his part. A shadowy version of himself also flew out of his body, barreling down toward the ogre with a katar in hand as the real Jake prepared to use the cover of curse energy to fly upward.

Stolen from its rightful author, this tale is not meant to be on Amazon; report any sightings.

The many attacks arrived at the Twinhead Emperor, and they momentarily froze. Right as they did, the eyes of one of the heads began to glow as something entirely unexpected happened. The soul attack Jake had made was entirely taken on by only one of the heads, allowing the other one to control the body and energy fully.

Slamming their staff into the ground, the roots were crushed down as the earth erupted. Massive spikes hundreds of meters tall shot up all around him, weakening the the attacks coming from the side, as a barrier of swirling wind also appeared around the boss. The barrier did not look powerful enough to block the attack, but Jake understood when he saw the barrier slightly reflect the trajectory of the drill of wind from above, making it crash into the golden beam from the Fallen King. At the same time, the sword in the right arm was raised and blocked the Sword Saint’s attack fully, as the ogre’s arm barely moved from the impact.

The only one unblocked was Jake’s Eternal Shadow, but that was because the Twin Emperor had chosen an offensive option for that one. The glowing eyes of the ogre that had taken on the soul attack intensified as two burning beams blasted out. Rather than get hit, the Eternal Shadow dodged the blow as the beam turned in mid-air to strike from behind.

This one, the Eternal Shadow, didn’t even bother to dodge as it threw its weapon. It wasn’t even close to hitting the ogre but pierced through several layers of rock before embedding itself in the ground. The ogre’s attack did hit, though, as the Eternal Shadow dispersed into energy, making the ogre temporarily look confused.

They didn’t have much time to ponder, though, as more attacks arrived. Jake’s party – except Sylphie, who had been flying far up in the air - had all taken up hidden positions Jake had made using stable barriers of arcane mana around the ritual circle, Dina helping to further hide them using her nature magic. Now, they were all out of hiding and went for the boss.

As for where Jake, the Lord of Hunger, was? Well, he was already “dead,” or at least gone, right? At least it looked like he had disappeared as the true Jake rapidly ascended upwards, hidden by the remnant curse energy he had filled the sky with. He even felt that the Twinhead Emperor was no longer fully aware of him, allowing him to once more begin to enter stealth while flying upwards. In his quiver on his back, an arrow was also being created as Jake began making all of his preperations.

While ascending, he turned parts of his attention to the battle below as he hoped the other four could also handle their role until it was time for Jake to make his reentrance.

The Sword Saint went straight for the Twinhead Emperor, blade already in hand. He was the only true melee fighter of their party, making him alone in close combat more often than not, at least when the boss in question didn’t try to avoid fighting him directly. This was undoubtedly a risky role, but he was more than up for it.

Staring at the boss, Miyamoto knew the merged ogre was powerful. He did not have Jake’s ability to judge others’ power extremely accurately, but he had been in plenty of fights himself and had acceptable insight when measuring a foe… and this Emperor was powerful. Very powerful.

Due to that, he also didn’t dare hold back as the Sword Saint activated his boosting skill immediately. He would need it no matter what, and out of everyone, his was the one that could be used for the longest. It was based on water and time, both concepts rather gentle in nature, though it did come at the sacrifice of not making the power gained as explosive.

Closing in on the Twinhead Emperor, the ogre noticed him as one of the heads turned. He had approached from the right side, which, in retrospect, was perhaps not the best, as he found himself confronted with a massive sword. One that would usually be wielded in two hands, but the ogre wielded it with ease as he swung for the approaching swordsman.

Blocking was not an option as the Sword Saint momentarily delayed his step, allowing the blade to swing down in front of him, missing entirely. The blade struck the ground, making it erupt as an explosion of death mana washed over the old man, but he wasn’t deterred, as he went for a light slash, not wanting to overcommit to any attack.

Moving quickly, the ogre pulled back the arm the Sword Saint was going for, but a small cut was still left. Without waiting for a full response, the old man retreated slightly, which proved a good idea as the ogre ripped up the blade embedded in the ground, making it erupt and sending black rot shards infused with death energy flying toward Miyamoto.

Deflecting those he couldn’t dodge, he tried to launch a crescent blade of water to keep the ogre engaged and focused on him. However, clearly, the boss wasn’t taking him overly seriously yet. Miyamoto was, in effect, only fighting one of the heads, as the left one focused entirely on being prepared for the three other attacks.

Attacks that arrived soon after as Sylphie descended from above. She pierced down, aiming straight for the left head. Unfortunately, the ogre had been prepared as he raised his staff toward the sky and released a torrent of fire and rock, blasting upwards and lighting up the sky.

Right as the ogre did this, a blast of force arrived from the side, hitting the ogre in the arm, making the blast go slightly off-course. This allowed Sylphie to penetrate through the flames, but she was still forced to abandon fully committing at the very last second when a pillar of rock shot up toward her. Still, she managed to use all her momentum to launch a bullet of air that hit the ogre in the shoulder, drawing blood.

Both the Fallen King and Sylphie continued their many attacks as the Sword Saint stayed in melee range. So far, the ogre had yet to move a single time but had stayed mostly still throughout the entire battle. Yet he was not really losing any ground at all, handling the three of them. It didn’t help that the few minor wounds they did leave were healed within seconds, as the boss could even cast healing magic on themselves.

Not that their party was struggling much, either. The Sword Saint kept a primarily defensive style, as he stayed engaged with the right side of the ogre. He dodged all the blade swings and the blasts of death magic as he left minor wound after minor wound. Sometimes, he was a bit too slow to fully dodge an attack, which was where Dina came in with her healing.

A status quo was established, and the Sword Saint believed things were progressing far better than expected. They were buying time for Jake to do his thing without expending many of their resources, and they still had “that” prepared for later, too.

Continuing his attacks, the Sword Saint began to gain more confidence, as the boss was not as dangerous as first believed. The ogre wasn’t attacking much, but mostly defending, and when they did attack, it was to blast one of them away. It was almost as if the ogre was also buying time… but for what?

They would get their answer soon after.

The Sword Saint tried to land a deep cut on the arm of the ogre, but suddenly, he found a staff pointed at his head. Quickly, he dodged to the side as a bullet of air shot toward him, and before he could even raise his blade to block, a blade came swinging in from the side.

With alarm, Miyamoto was forced to use his newly gained evasion skill, as his body was replaced with a water clone. At the same time, he was sent back about five meters, where he still suffered from a shockwave of pure death energy released from the blade.

Stumbling, he didn’t even have time to stabilize before a shard of stone struck him in the shoulder, sending him flying back as blood splurted out. To make matters worse, he also saw the Fallen King suffer as a massive lighting strike came down right where he was standing, as Sylphie had been entirely pushed back by two summoned snake-like creatures of fire chasing her.

From one second to another, the ogre had entirely changed. Their moves were coordinated, calculated, and perfectly in sync. Retreating, the Sword Saint quickly felt Dina heal him as he ripped out the rock shard, luckily not getting injured too badly despite being taken by surprise. As he made some distance, he heard the ogre speak once more.

“It took a bit,” the right head said.

“A century apart was a long time,” the left followed up.

“However, I do believe-“

“-I’ve gotten used to it-“

“-once more-“

“-by now.”

That’s when the Sword Saint realized why the ogre had seemed so off… the two of them had been living as separate entities for so long it had taken them time to truly synchronize. Frowning, Miyamoto realized they had missed a great opportunity to strike, and looking at the entirely changed demeanor of the Twinhead Emperor, he hoped it was going to haunt them.

“How long?” he asked Jake.

“Ten seconds… brace for impact,” the hunter answered, the Sword Saint steeling himself as he and the rest of the party knew there was no time to hesitate.

Bending his legs, water condensed on Miyamoto’s blade as he activated Rain Blade and charged forward. From a cloud of smoke also emerged the Fallen King, swinging two large golden hammers on what looked like chains as he rapidly approached the boss. Sylphie also unleashed a blast of wind to push away the flame snakes as their entire party moved to ensure Jake would have his opening.




***
Chapter 868: Nevermore: Emperor vs. King


***






The power of every being’s soul varied widely. Levels were far from everything when it came to determining their fragility or susceptibility to manipulation, even if it was a factor. The Fallen King had encountered beings well into the 300s with incredibly malleable souls who fell to the slightest touch and crumbled before the slightest manipulation.

Those of the enlightened races had more powerful souls than the average beast. Unique Lifeforms were naturally in a league far beyond even these. Creatures with no true sapience had weak souls by default, though it was not necessarily a rule.

Making comparisons with anyone in the Fallen King’s party had little meaning, as all of theirs – save for perhaps Sylphie – were not ordinary. Ordinary in the way that they weren’t mutated in some way, either through a Bloodline or a Transcendent skill.

Variants of all races could appear with more powerful souls – even if they were not utter anomalies like his party - and the nature of their magic and affinities also played a huge role. Casters were naturally more resistant to soul magic, with the Willpower stat alone having a huge impact. All in all, there were many factors, but few set rules.

The only true rule was that the power of a soul was heavily related to how powerful the creature was… and if a creature happened to be both a powerful variant, had a Path that naturally resulted in a powerful soul, high level, and a further mutated soul… they would become an absolute nightmare if the goal was to cause any soul damage to them.

This was the exact type of opponent they faced with the Twinhead Emperor. Never before had the Fallen King seen such a powerful soul in another C-grade. Sure, Jake and the others had strong souls, but their real power lay in the quality of the Truesoul, not the pure quantity and overall power. This event boss was at a whole other level compared to them. It truly was as if they were fighting two souls in one body.

At the beginning of the fight, the oddly mutated soul of the Twinhead Emperor had been… off. It had been unstable as if it didn’t really fit fully together, and each segmented part of the soul was in conflict. However, now, everything seemed to have snapped into place, as the Twinhead Emperor had one of the most stable and powerful souls the Fallen King could ever imagine a non-Bloodline-having C-grade possessing…

Besides his own, of course.

While buying time for the hunter to unleash his attack, the job of the four others was to keep the boss busy, but the Fallen King didn’t plan on not also doing some damage of his own. Entering semi-close range, the Unique Lifeform summoned two hammers of golden energy as he slammed it into the boss. The shaman side of the ogre raised his now-glowing staff and blocked, as the warrior side swung his blade upwards, unleashing a dark wave of pure death energy to deter Sylphie.

This proved to be a mistake. While a torrent of wind-infused stone shards shot up from the ground toward the human swordsman, he didn’t even hesitate as he continued his charge. Right before he was struck, a powerful green barrier appeared around him, deflecting every single stone shard the man couldn’t dodge. The swordsman managed to get close as the ogre swung his blade down once more, aiming to crush the swordsman.

The boss swung down with force the Fallen King wouldn’t even dare to try and block, yet the swordsman merely met it with his own thin blade. If the Fallen King didn’t know this swordsman, he would have expected to see the small blade shatter and the man crushed, but instead, the large blade merely slid down the side of the small one as it struck the ground; the swordsman now having a clear opening as sliced his sword upwards.

Blood mixed with water flew into the air as the Twinhead Ogre had his arm cut halfway through, the swordsman not able to cut fully through it. Not because his blade wasn’t sharp enough, but because he had to retreat as a beam of condensed death energy shot out from the eyes of the warrior ogre, launching him backward, with Dina hurridly coming to his assistance.

Not wanting to be outdone, the Fallen King also got more serious. Swinging his golden hammers again, the shaman kept blocking, not getting distracted by his counterpart in the slightest. The Fallen King kept swinging, as every hit was easily blocked, the shaman even finding time to shoot lighting bolts toward Sylphie in between blocks.

That is, until the Fallen King suddenly mixed things up. A hammer flew for the shaman, and once more, he blocked. However, at the final moment before the hammerhead hit the staff, it unraveled into a net of chains that wrapped around the staff. Before the ogre had much time to react, the Fallen King made the side he was holding into a ball and shot it behind him with a massive wave of force.

The staff was yanked away, but the ogre kept a firm hold, which resulted in him getting lifted off his feet and forced to move for the very first time. With the staff disabled, Sylphie also finally found her opening as a green bullet flew down and flew by the outstretched arm holding the staff. Dozens of large, deep gashes were left across the left arm as the ogre groaned in pain, Sylphie turning in the air to do another fly-by.

Wanting to also attack again, the Fallen King prepared to strike, but suddenly stopped himself. And just in time, too.

A lighting bolt struck down right as the King was about to move, making the ground erupt and sending the Unique Lifeform floating backward while defending himself. Sylphie was more unfortunate, as a torrent of lightning went for her, forcing the bird to scatter her body to avoid taking too much damage.

On the other side of the ogre, the human swordsman had also been pushed back as he fought the large blade with the assistance of the dryad. There was a temporary lull in the battle as the Twinhead Emperor scoffed loudly.

“I do not know who any of you are or why you are here… but I do know that you made the worst and final mistake of your lives when you forced me into this state,” the two heads of the ogre said, speaking in perfect unison.

The many tattoos across his body began to glow as he took a new stance and raised the staff into the air. “I have seen enough… now perish.”

With those words, the ogre released a burst of magic as he slammed the staff into the ground before he disappeared. The Fallen King was taken by surprise as a warning came through the Golden Mark right as he felt the reappearance of their foe’s soul. “Behi-“

Already raising his hands to block, the Fallen King was barely in time as he was struck in the side, the claws on one of his hands cracking from the impact of the large blade clad in death. Sliding across the ground, tearing it up in the process, the Unique Lifeform turned to face the ogre, who had fully shifted his focus to slaying him. Right as they were about to clash again, a message came.

“Arrow incoming… arriving in five…”

The Fallen King blocked again as he was sent flying even further. By now, his boosting skill was already fully active as he was forced to face the full wrath of the boss alone. Magic and physical force both slammed into the Unique Lifeform as he was to fully fend for himself due to the magic the ogre had used just before he teleported.

Stolen from Royal Road, this story should be reported if encountered on Amazon.

The old swordsman found himself within a prison of stone, as the hawk far up in the air was surrounded by black clouds, impeding her movements. The dryad was trying to assist as best she could but was significantly limited as a tornado of deathly wind whirled toward her, forcing her back. For now, he would simply have to handle the Twinhead Emperor on his own.

“Four…”

Raising both his glowing golden hands, the Fallen King faced the ogre as best he could, as the large blade came down with incredible force with every strike. Using his own golden weapons, the Unique Lifeform refused to back down, clashing with the ogre, who was clearly also using some type of buffing skill to make him significantly faster.

The King had parts of his natural armor ripped apart as he simply couldn’t block the attacks of what was effectively two people. His bark-like armor was cracked and torn as strike after strike sent him retreating further and further away. He also landed his fair share of counterattacks, but the battle could only be described as one-sided.

“Three…”

His party was still struggling to assist him, as the Fallen King had one of his legs entirely burned off by a powerful torrent of flames. The Unique Lifeform did everything, but his soul attacks proved useless against the effectively two-souled creature.

Finally, as the Fallen King found himself slowed by a blast of cold air mixed with electricity, he was no longer able to fully block as the Twinhead Emperor stabbed the large blade of death forward in a vertical position. Simply unable to resist, the Unique Lifeform was impaled as the power of death spread throughout his body.

“Now die,” the two heads of the ogre said as the energy of death intensified even further.

“Two…”

The Fallen King felt the energy invade his body… as he scoffed.

Both claws began glowing with intense light as he struck forward, clasping his claws around each head of the two-headed ogre. Piercing into their skin, the Fallen King taunted the boss.

“Do you believe I fear your energy of death? That my soul is so weak as to crumble before such a pathetic concept?”

The Twinhead Emperor did not use words to respond as all four eyes began glowing with power. Instantly, both golden claws had holes burned through them as the Fallen King was struck by four beams straight at his mask.

“One…”

Despite the two sets of beams burning into his mask, the Fallen King was undeterred as he refused to let go. His claws were damaged, yet they kept piercing deeper and deeper into flesh as destructive soul-destroying force spread through each of them.

The ogre had already let go of his sword, which was piercing through the Fallen King, and didn’t even try to use magic as powerful impacts struck the already damaged body of the Unique Lifeform over and over again, the Twinhead Emperor having resorted to punches. Partly because hitting with his staff was difficult at such close range and because focusing on magic while having scorching golden force spreading through one’s brain made it difficult.

Golden pressure also began to bear down on them as the Fallen King made sure they weren’t moving a single step, even as his body was slowly getting torn further and further apart. The three others had just about broken out of their restraints by now and were making their way over… but not before something else finally arrived.

The Fallen King barely noticed the attack due to how fast it flew. At one moment, he felt the energy in the air above, and the next, it was there. The Twinhead Emperor was even less aware and only reacted right before he was struck. Instinctively, the Twinhead Ogre wanted to move the head that the arrow was coming for, but the Fallen King naturally wouldn’t allow such an action as he held it firmly in place with a vice grip.

Watching on, he saw the deathly attack strike as it penetrated through one of the skulls of the Twinhead Emperor before continuing its descent through the ogre’s body. However, right before it would exit out the other side, the entire arrow exploded within the body of the Twinhead Emperor.

This was his cue to let go as the Fallen King allowed himself to get blasted away. The destructive arcane energies washed over him, but he felt as if none of it wanted to even harm him. No, it sought only to destroy the ogre. Observing the sheer power in that one arrow as he was sent flying, the Fallen King could barely believe it belonged to a mid-tier C-grade.

After flying backward for a few hundred meters and landing, the Fallen King only now allowed the damage he had sustained to affect him. He barely managed to keep himself upright, not even bothering to try and keep his dignity by floating. He only had one leg to stand on, and looking at his arms, they hung limply down his sides; the energy he had channeled through them too much to handle.

“Are you alright?” the dryad quickly asked, as he felt her soothing presence begin to surround him as plants appeared around him.

“This vessel will need to be rebuilt entirely,” the Fallen King responded. It was truly a mess, inside and out. In many ways, he had been lucky the ogres had decided to strike his mask. Perhaps they knew destroying it would be the one way to ensure his destruction. Sadly for them, they were far from capable of doing such a thing. In fact, besides a few burn marks that could easily be washed off, not a single mark had been left on it. But, again, the same could not be said about the rest of his body. Alas, he had done his job for now and would adopt a more passive role… because he still had a role to play.

The strike unleashed by the hunter had been powerful beyond belief, but as he observed the flayed form of the Twinhead Emperor, he saw not only the vicious injuries inflicted upon him but also the soul. One part had been severely damaged…. however, the other remained stable, making it clear the fight was far from over.

Fuck he’s tough, Jake thought while flying down at top speed to rejoin the fight fully as his arrow struck true. He wasn’t just talking about the Twinhead Emperor, but the Fallen King, who had handled the boss for a good while alone. He had been worried for a little while, but the King had done damn well and allowed his arrow to land as well as it could.

The arrow had torn apart the left head of the ogre, Jake deliberately aiming for the shaman version of the ogre, as he was the one best at healing. Right before his arrow struck, Jake had slightly manipulated its movements to ensure he struck true, the King helping immensely by making sure the boss couldn’t as much as move an inch.

Below, the boss stood with one head nearly entirely destroyed, with a huge hole in his belly from the following arrow explosion. The damage was utterly immense, yet the ogre was far from down. To a C-grade, losing the head wasn’t necessarily fatal, but it did nearly always result in the person losing control of their body, making them easy pickings. This meant that to most, losing the head was still a death sentence… but things were a bit different if you had two.

Despite taking tremendous damage, the ogre didn’t leave a single opening for Sylphie and the Sword Saint, who tried to follow up. Stomping hard on the ground, the Twin Emperor made the ground erupt with blackened rock infused with death as he sought to protect himself by wrapping all the rock around him. At the same time, Jake detected odd movements of energy within the ogre, the Fallen King explaining what was going on a second later.

“One soul is healing the other, sharing the damage,” the Fallen King explained. “Strike now when we have the opening and force them into desperation.”

No one had to be told that twice. Jake began shooting arrows while flying down, as Sylphie, the Sword Saint, and Dina also all went on the offensive. The shell of stone surrounding the ogre was quickly torn through, forcing the boss to defend himself as he retreated from the onslaught.

The left head was rapidly regenerating, and before it was even fully healed, Jake felt the presence of the shaman begin to reappear as elemental magic was unleashed. Seeing the ogre still fit for a fight was a bit discouraging, but Jake knew they had done some serious damage… and things were only about to get even better as the Twin Emperor did something they had hoped would happen.

Retreating back to where the fight had begun, the Twin Emperor landed right in the center of where the ritual had taken place. Despite the ground being torn up several times over and every remnant of the circle itself visually, it was still there… and while the boss had absorbed much of the energy of the many bone spheres, some still remained. Not enough to raise the ogre’s power, but enough to help rejuvenate him.

“That got dangerous for a moment,” the Twin Emperor said as the mouth of the left head had regenerated, speaking even if the top half of the skull was still healing.

“Sadly, you missed your opening!”

Slamming his staff into the ground, the ogre reactivated the ritual one more time… Jake grinning as he did while sending a message to the Sword Saint.

“Our turn, go!”




***
Chapter 869: Nevermore: One Tanky Bastard


***






From the very first moment Jake laid eyes on the ritual circle, he knew there was no way the Twinhead Emperor would be capable of absorbing all the energy contained in the bone spheres. Each sphere held the death energy and curse energy of hundreds, if not over a thousand, dead C-grades alone. This wasn’t even mentioning the uncountable D- and E-grades who had also senselessly fallen in the conflict created by the Twin Emperors.

Even if the boss did then filter a lot of energy out to only absorb the pure Records, there was still a lot left over. This energy had all merged into the semi-intangible ritual circle, which remained mostly untouched despite all the physical destruction.

Now, the Twinhead Emperor was going to reclaim this energy as he stood in the center and raised his staff high. In their initial plans, they had expected the Twinhead Emperor to absorb the energy to help heal. This was still part of the boss’ plan, but Jake realized they had once again underestimated their opponent.

As the Twinhead Emperor reactivated the ritual, two things happened at once. Firstly, a few new runes appeared on his body as death energy began entering through these runes to heal, while secondly, a massive rune was summoned in the air, drawing in all the curse energy.

“Those runes on his body… they are reversing the concept of death into pure life energy,” Dina said, sounding a bit perplexed.

“Even better,” Jake grinned… because, in this rare instance, underestimating the boss had come to their advantage.

The boss had erected a barrier just around himself, as he couldn’t cover the entire ritual circle. As the Twinhead Emperor had just begun to absorb death energy and he condensed some curse magic, a raindrop fell upon the barrier. Soon, more began to fall all over the ritual circle, each drop containing the energy of time.

It took him a moment too long to notice something was off as Jake mentally activated their little trap. Before the two Twin Emperors had begun their ritual, Jake and the Sword Saint had spent a bit over a week doing some slight modifications to the ritual circle the boss had created. It was very minor ones they had overlaid on the other ritual circle. Without power, it had been borderline undetectable, but now, it was getting fed plenty of time affinity energy, which would be one fuel source.

The other? The power of pure hunger.

In the middle of the ritual circle, forgotten entirely by the boss, was a black piece of metal sticking out - a lone katar thrown by Jake’s Eternal Shadow right at the beginning of the fight. Now, this katar suddenly began to hum with power as it became one with the ritual circle.

“What have you-“

The Twinhead Emperor didn’t get further as he suddenly stopped, feeling the effects of the ritual. He had merged himself with it to absorb its energy… created a direct connection between himself and anything inside said ritual. And now, there was a very hungry katar, further empowered by the concept of time, that was more than happy to tap into this delicious connection.

“YOU! Lord of Hunger!” the Twinhead Emperor roared, Jake grimacing as he was still descending down from above. He really didn’t need to be reminded of that nickname.

Not that the ogre was wrong, as it was the energy of the Sin Curse that was suddenly overwhelming the entire ritual. It was so dominant that black intangible and semi-translucent tendrils rose from all over the circle and sought the Twinhead Emperor with pure hunger.

The tendrils began to latch onto the cursed rune above the ogre as they also pierced into the runes on his body, sucking out energy like leeches. Jake happily controlled it all as best he could, feeling the delight from the mythical weapon as it ate well from not only the ogre but all the remnant energy from the ritual itself.

Realizing he was not winning this fight for control, the Twinhead Emperor made a quick decision. The rune above him promptly exploded, releasing a black wave of energy that was mostly pulled in and absorbed by Eternal Hunger, but Dina did have to block the rest.

“Fine, have it your way,”the ogre said with anger as he raised a foot and stomped hard. Jake, flying above, saw cracks spread out from the Twinhead Emperor below. Dozens of them spread in moments from his position, hundreds of kilometers in every direction before he stomped a second time.

The cracks instantly shook and fractured further. A massive earthquake shattered the terrain below, the sheer power enough to finally dismantle the entire ritual circle for good, dispelling all the tendrils. Giant masses of land began to rise, and others fell as the world looked like it split open. Jake also felt Eternal about to be buried deep beneath the ground, but with a mental command and some focus, it dispersed into black energy before reappearing within his Soulspace a few seconds later.

“Everyone okay?” Jake quickly tried to check in with his party, but before he even got an answer, he pulled his bow back out.

“On me,” the Sword Saint responded, Jake having already spotted them. In the chaos, the Twinhead Emperor had singled out the Sword Saint and was now engaging him in a one-on-one. The two of them were rapidly moving through the deep ravines, the old man clearly at a disadvantage but holding his own pretty well, his new skill definitely getting put to use as water clones were destroyed in spades.

It did help when an arrow suddenly pierced out from one of the ravine’s walls, hitting the ogre in the side. A second arrow shot down from above just after before a third came from yet another unpredictable angle. The boss was already damaged quite a bit, which was part of why he was slowed down, but annoyingly so, he was still healing even if they had stopped the ritual. One thing was for sure, though… the boss was using up his energy damn fast.

Once the three others – maybe except for the King as he was not in the best state – joined them, they should be able to-

“Elementals!” Dina suddenly yelled through the Golden Mark, Jake cursing internally as he released a Pulse of Perception to check out the situation.

Just as she had said, out of the deep walls of the ravines, elementals had begun to crawl out, made up of the stone itself. Jake counted a dozen of them, each more than ten meters tall and made up of pure earth. Using Identify, Jake cursed even more.

[Summoned Earth Elemental – lvl 320]

“Hunter, continue to assist the swordsman, the dryad, and I shall deal with these elementals,” the Fallen King said quickly.

“Ree!” Sylphie also added as she swooped in from above the crevice, crashing into an elemental that was closing in on Dina. The Fallen King also quickly made his way to the dryad, as Dina knelt down and focused while protected.

Jake continued helping the Sword Saint while flying down. Every one of his arrows gave the Twinhead Emperor pause or forced him to take damage, giving the Sword Saint enough space to not be wholly overwhelmed. The pressure on him was still intense, as the ogre used both staff and sword to try and take him down, but the elementals the shaman had summoned seemed to have taken a lot out of him as the magic coming from the staff was limited. It also didn’t help that the shaman’s head wasn’t fully healed yet from Jake’s nice opening arrow.

A case of content theft: this narrative is not rightfully on Amazon; if you spot it, report the violation.

The poison inside the Twinhead Emperor also only got worse and worse with every arrow, the first one having naturally come with a nice payload. Annoyingly so, his poison didn’t work as well as he had hoped. The Heartrot Poison was very rooted in the concept of death, which the ogre had a high natural resistance to. The poison was still working, just not as well as Jake would have liked.

Soon, as Jake was still shooting arrow after arrow, he felt a green aura spread from the deep crevice with Dina in as she was finished with her magic. She, too, had made her preparations before the battle, which took the form of quite literally planting the seeds for a big upcoming spell… one she used now.

A deep thrumming sound came from beneath the ground everywhere as suddenly the ground erupted once more. Thick roots pierced out of the walls and floor of the deep valleys formed from the earthquake, quickly entangling all of the Summoned Earth Elementals at once. The Twinhead Emperor himself also wasn’t spared, as he suddenly found himself surrounded by thick roots that began to promptly sprout vines that whipped toward him, entangling both his arms.

Finally, the Sword Saint could get some distance… except he decided to use this chance to attack instead. Barely taking a step back, he raised his sword and took a stance, not allowing the many wounds marring his body to affect him. As he took a deep breath, his body exploded with power, and for a moment, his entire form changed into one of his younger self as he stabbed.

“Glimpse of Spring: Erosion.”

Entangled, the ogre couldn’t fully respond as he tried to fire a beam from his eyes at the water stream. The thin stream was too fast, and even as the eyebeam hit, it was simply parted in two as the stab continued forward into the chest of the Twinhead Ogre.

Jake saw the torrent of blood shoot out of the ogre’s back as his own arrow rain also arrived, a dozen piercing into the arms and shoulders of the boss. In his chest, a hole big enough to pass a basketball through had opened from the Sword Saint’s Glimpse of Spring, dripping with blood and water. Jake quickly charged another Arcane Powershot, aiming to hopefully take the boss down for good or at least blow up one of the heads again.

Yet, right as Jake began to charge his powershot, a sigh echoed in his ears, the ogre’s aura changing once more. Below, he saw the Sword Saint rapidly retreat as Dina sent yet another message.

“Watch out… I feel a powerful energy of death. Make distance.”

Jake still kept flying down despite the warning but wouldn’t go all the way. He saw the Sword Saint quickly make his way back toward Dina and the others, who were quickly finishing off the Summoned Earth Elementals, which were still entangled in dense and powerful roots.

Right then, the roots began to decay. It started from the ones surrounding the Twinhead Emperor but quickly spread from there, soon making the entire huge root network rot from within. A dark mist spread from the boss, one that gave Jake a powerful response from Sense of the Malefic Viper…

It was poison mist. A natural poison of pure death, born from decay, further infused with a powerful curse. The form of the Twinhead Emperor had turned gray within the dense mist as the ground itself began to lose all color, and with heavy steps, the ogre began to walk toward Dina and company. With every step, the mist grew stronger, the Twinhead Emperor walking with his thick blade over one shoulder.

Then, the ogre suddenly shot forward as he sprinted toward Dina. The staff was gone… which was also when Jake noticed. The head of the shaman looked as if he was knocked out. His eyes were closed, and he didn’t do anything. Jake was confused, but luckily, his confusion didn’t last long.

“One soul… is purely assisting the other,” the Fallen King warned. “We face only the warrior as of this moment, limiting the diversity of skill for power. A temporary empowered state, we should aim to buy time.”

The message was instant, courtesy of telepathy. Jake saw the Twinhead Emperor close in on his party, the Sword Saint having just made it back to them, pretty injured, along with the Fallen King. For them to enter this domain of death wouldn’t be good, and in their injured states, they were simply too slow… so he made a split-second decision.

“Dina, focus on fixing up the two oldies, Sylphie, make sure the poison doesn’t reach them… I’ll keep the big guy busy,” Jake said as he focused while stepping down, Pushing One Step to its limits. As a minor fuck you to the Fallen King, Jake also finally passed a barrier as he, with a single step, traveled more than a hundred miles. He appeared on the ground, right between the charging ogre and his party, who were still making some good distance.

“You…” the voice of the Twinhead Emperor spoke. “Deceitful rat. You are no Lord of Hunger!”

“That,” Jake said, getting into a stance with katars drawn, “we agree on.”

In the very next moment, the wave of pure, deathly mist washed over his body. Jake hid his smile as he took a deep breath through his nose, really experiencing the poison. To breathe a naturally born poison, mixed with curse energy like this… was actually surprisingly tasty.

Honestly, poison and curses… yeah, it was quite an unlucky matchup for the Twinhead Emperor.

Jake charged toward his opponent, too, Arcane Awakening already fully activated as no matter how good the matchup, he could not afford to hold back in the slightest. The two of them clashed in the middle of the deep gorge, the large two-handed blade swinging with the intent to cut Jake in two.

With a light jump, Jake dodged the blow as he stepped down while just above the blade, double-jumping in the air to get behind the large ogre. The Twinhead Emperor quickly spun around, trying to backhand Jake, but he was faster as the fist of the ogre met an outstretched katar that pierced into his flesh.

Groaning once more, the ogre continued his blow, sending Jake sliding back from the impact with his wrist hurting. Without pause, the Twinhead Emperor continued his attack, aggressively swinging while making sure to keep Jake close. The curse and poison were being subtly controlled throughout the fight to congregate around where Jake was to affect him more… something he truly didn’t mind. In fact, he found it kind of nice to have increased resource regeneration from Palate working overtime, with even Eternal Hunger getting in a good dessert after the ritual.

Jake tried not to let this slip as he attempted to fight in an almost desperate fashion, constantly staying on the offensive. In truth, he was very much playing things safe, never overcommitting or going too far, as he battled the far more powerful opponent. The punches alone were enough to send him flying, and he definitely didn’t want to take a blade head-on like the Fallen King had done a few dozen times, so he stuck to dodging and weaving in between the swings.

It ended up taking over a minute before the Twinhead Emperor noticed something was wrong. Jake had tried to fake being affected by the poison, but he simply couldn’t do it convincingly enough while also staying fast enough to not lose a limb.

“I understand now,”the Twinhead Emperor said as he suddenly stopped attacking. “You are the Lord of Hunger… or at least the one who pretended to be. I do not know which trickery you used or how you knew of that old forgotten legend, but you truthfully had me fooled.”

Jake was staring blankly at the boss after hearing those words. What the fuck kind of old forgotten legend was he walking about? Jake had just picked a generic name he thought sounded kinda cool and rolled with it. Well, not like he was going to complain about tapping into some old legend to sell the story more convincingly.

“Perhaps you are our trial to reach beyond… a lesson by the multiverse for the two of us to realize our foolishness in trying to no longer stay as one,” the ogre said with a thoughtful voice.

“You got it mixed up… you’re our challenge to reach beyond,” Jake shot back, happy to keep the boss talking for a moment.

“I do not believe those two statements to be contradictory,” the Twinhead Emperor shook his head – the one who was actually awake. “But I do find it questionable of you five … to have chosen a challenge you cannot hope to overcome is truly foolish.”

As he said this, the poison mist began to fade as it flew toward the boss. The runes that had tried to absorb energy from the ritual earlier appeared again, sucking in all of the mist and infusing the ogre’s body with energy.

Jake cursed under his breath as he once more saw the boss heal, the hole in his chest even regenerating at visual speeds. Sure, he was using up his resources, but due to his soul mutation, the boss had way more than could be considered normal, and he was also absorbing energy from the environment at an unnatural pace.

It truly made for one tanky bastard that was ridiculously hard to put down for good. Jake just hoped he didn’t have too many more tricks up his-

Slamming the two-handed blade into the ground, the Twin Emperor’s body exploded with power as a pillar of black light fell upon him.

“Arise, cursed spirits of the fallen.”

Oh, you gotta be bloody kidding me…




***
Chapter 870: Nevermore: Independence Achieved...


***






How many phases and different abilities can a single event boss have?

The Twinhead Emperor’s answer to that was apparently just a “yes,” as he always had more to show off. From what Jake and the others had gathered, the Twinhead Emperor primarily had the warrior move the body while the shaman stood for magic and energy control. This also proved true, even as death magic was unleashed, except the shaman head wasn’t even fully awake. Instead, the soul was wholly focused on controlling the magic, truly functioning as a second extremely powerful Virtual Mind.

As for the magic itself… it was rather basic, if extremely powerful in scope. Clearly, the Twinhead Emperor had absorbed a shitload of death and curse energy into the blade from all the different battlefields and was now unleashing it upon their group. Usually, this wouldn’t be that huge of a problem, as a bunch of undead filled with curse energy would just attack everything indiscriminately… except for one minor detail.

Jake and company had been the cause of many of their deaths and clearly the target of their resentment.

From where the ogre had stabbed down his sword, a deep pitch-black pit opened up, and within seconds, Jake heard screams coming from beyond the grave. Spirits began to pour up from the hole all around the ogre, screeching with anguish and anger as the boss opened up what looked like a portal to the underworld.

Gritting his teeth, Jake quickly pulled out his bow and shot an Arcane Powershot at the Twinhead Emperor, who was protected by the beam of death surrounding him. The arrow pierced through the death energy but was severely weakened by the time it hit the boss. Not letting up, Jake kept shooting, landing several on the boss, who focused on protecting his heads while doing the summoning magic.

He continued loosing arrows until he was forced to stop as the summoned spirits began to close in on him. Checking them out, he saw their levels weren’t super impressive, pretty much mirroring the soldiers they had killed on the battlefields.

[Cursed Battlefield Ghost – lvl 302]

[Cursed Battlefield Ghost – lvl 306]

[Cursed Battlefield Ghost – lvl 311]

Each of these spirits was a mix of black and white ethereal energies in a humanoid shape. Their eyes were hollow, and while they did look like the many different enlightened races they had slain, many of them looked very disturbing. Especially the beastfolk, who did not have a single trace of hair on their ghostly bodies, looked off.

Retreating, Jake focused on getting some distance. Jake counted around a hundred total ghosts already summoned, with a few still exiting the abyss every second or so, but it was clear the boss was running out of ghosts to summon. Every ghost wasn’t really a single dead individual, but more the gathering of energy from several. Most of the energy had also been absorbed by the bone spheres, and this felt more like the leftovers.

All of these ghosts were coming straight for Jake, seemingly ignoring his entire party. Something that proved pretty damn unwise as soon it started to rain. Jake responded by empowering the small stable arcane barrier covering his body to not get infected by the rainfall as he knew what the Sword Saint was doing. At the same time, he also stopped retreating, as he instead circled around and began taking potshots at the boss.

By now, the Twinhead Emperor was finished with his summoning and stood back up and used his blade to block Jake’s attacks. However, he didn’t move as he instead seemed to be focused on controlling his legion of ghosts. The boss naturally also felt the rain infused with time magic as he commanded his ghosts to spread out and head toward the rest of his party - something that would prove more difficult than he liked.

A few ghosts were flying away but were suddenly rebuffed and sent flying back toward the boss. A powerful wind swept through as a tornado formed around this entire section of the battle. Far up in the sky, Sylphie was flying in circles, making the tornado even stronger and effectively creating a barrier, forcing all the ghosts to stay within the somehow unaffected rainfall.

Turning to look at Jake, the Twinhead Emperor flashed a smile. “Abandoned, huh? Or do they believe you are enough on your own? Very well, you can die first, then.”

Remember what Jake said about the ogre not moving because he was too busy controlling the ghosts? Yeah, that was out the window as the Twinhead Emperor charged with his army of ghosts rapidly surrounding Jake. Wings sprung on his back as Jake tried to dodge as best as he could, but even he had his limits.

The ghosts were relatively limited in their methods of attack, but they were far from harmless. Every ghost could summon tangible long white claws to try and cut him, release blasts of pure death energy, and even just charge straight through his body, dealing significant damage in the process.

In order to make some space for himself, Jake repeatedly made arcane explosions around himself, making the ghosts, at the very least, hesitate to charge through him. Still, Jake was not in a good spot as several ghosts managed to land blows, with the Twinhead Emperor getting too close for comfort quite a few times. At least he was only capable of swinging his sword while also controlling the ghosts, but that was still a lot considering the vast difference in stats between the ogre and Jake.

As things were starting to get a bit too hairy, Jake finally got the message he had been waiting for.

“Now.”

Without hesitation, Jake’s wings began to glow with energy as his entire body turned dark green, and in the blink of an eye, he disappeared. Only for half a second, everything warped, as Jake appeared a good fifty kilometers away, his wings burning away from using his escape skill, just in time to see the old man stand at a small hole in the tornado and execute his move.

“Rain of Time: Reversal.”

The entire terrain was torn up, and the tornado began to unravel. All the ghosts were ripped up, some of them scattering from the attack alone, as even the Twinhead Emperor was caught in the mythical skill. Only a dozen or so ghosts died from the initial activation of the skill, but the Sword Saint quickly did the follow-up.

“Rain of Time: Thousand Blades Descent.”

Blades of rain collected in the sky above before rapidly descending toward the ogre and the many ghosts. There still weren’t quite a thousand blades… but the old man had gotten closer this time around.

If you encounter this story on Amazon, note that it's taken without permission from the author. Report it.

Nearly a thousand blades fell, each aimed toward the ghosts and the Twinhead Emperor himself. Dozens more undead were slain as they were stabbed through, but a bit over a third still remained even after the mythical skill had been used. Partly because the Sword Saint had focused more than half of the falling blades on the big boss himself.

The Twinhead Emperor had hunkered down as all the blades came, trying to defend himself. Even so, he was still stabbed more than a hundred times, leaving his back even more damaged than before. He didn’t really seem to bleed in his grey semi-undead form, and while the ogre did begin to heal once more, it was clear he was starting to not have as much energy left in the tank.

Things got even worse, as Sylphie wasn’t done doing her part either. The tornado had far from fully scattered, and now Sylphie regathered all of the wind as she made it close around the many ghosts with the Twinhead Emperor still in the middle, creating a massive cutting windgrinder.

Even more ghosts were torn apart as the boss finally roared. A torrent of death energy erupted from him, the boss standing back up with a furious look on his face. Swinging, he sent out a wave of pure death, creating a hole in the tornado that he quickly passed through, followed by the twenty or so surviving ghosts. Two did end up getting caught as the tornado reclosed, but he still had eighteen left.

The Sword Saint was the closest, as the ogre quickly locked in on him. The old man was breathing heavily from using his mythical skill after already using Glimpse of Spring and being heavily injured early on. Both he and the Fallen King were in pretty shitty states, to put it lightly.

Charging forward, with ghosts flying alongside him, the Sword Saint was far from ready to meet the ogre in combat as the boss roared. “If you thought I would fall this easily, you are-“

He didn’t get further as his eyes opened wide. Jake smiled to himself as he saw Dina had decided it was her turn to show off a bit. A green aura exploded out from where the dryad was standing as her entire body began to transform. Her antlers grew, her dress changed, and she even grew a bit taller. It was naturally her ultimate boosting skill, showing Dina was done messing around.

The still-charging ogre suddenly found himself surrounded by thick bark-covered vines as the ground erupted. At the same time, Dina’s aura washed over both the boss and the many ghosts, the dryad purposefully controlling and amplifying it.

Slamming her staff into the ground, a massive tree formed from all the aura, seemingly taking root right on top of the boss. The ethereal summoned tree stood nearly ten kilometers tall, as its thick trunk covered the Twinhead Ogre, Sword Saint, and all the undead.

While the Sword Saint’s injuries began to heal at a rapid pace, the experience was not the same for the undead. It turned out that infusing death with life resulted in a rather… explosive outcome.

All of the remaining ghosts screeched as they blew up one by one, the grey body of the Twinhead Ogre also beginning to rapidly break down. His skin cracked open as life mixed with death, Dina not letting up as her entire form began glowing more brightly as the tree became more and more tangible.

More roots also began to shoot up and stab at the ogre, tearing apart his skin further. The boss tried to resist but was quickly forced down on one knee as a vine wrapped around the neck of the sleeping head, thorns growing on it.

Without any hesitation, the Twinhead Emperor raised his sword as a look of sorrow flashed on his face. Without any further warning, Jake’s vision temporarily turned black as the world was covered in darkness. Only a second later did he feel the shockwave and heard the sound of an explosion. Powerful energy of death flew past him, forcing him to raise his arms and summon an arcane barrier to defend himself as he stared at the devastation.

In the distance, he saw the giant ethereal tree rot from within as its leaves scattered like ash. Quickly looking over, he saw Dina down on the ground, propping herself up by her elbows as her transformation had been undone, blood flowing from every orifice due to the backlash of having her transformation forcibly undone. Jake saw the worry in her eyes as he understood what she was afraid of.

Shifting his gaze, Jake spotted the Sword Saint getting dragged away from the epicenter of the explosion by the Fallen King. One of the Unique Lifeform’s arms was missing, and Jake saw what looked like black metal fragments sticking out of his frontal armor. The Sword Saint had a few black veins covering his body, but he was still alive and conscious. Jake only now fully realized what the boss had done as he saw those black metal fragments.

Fucker blew up his sword.

As the thick miasma of death began to finally fade, the true destruction was revealed. A large crater had formed where the Twinhead Ogre had blown up the sword, all life more than a kilometer around him entirely wiped out. Not a single trace of anything Dina had done remained save for a few black leaves here and there.

In the middle of this crater was the Twinhead Emperor, standing tall. Yet his aura was different compared to before, showing that his last attack had truly taken a lot out of him. His skin no longer carried the aura of death either, as whatever boosting skill he had used was clearly over.

Jake was already flying over in case the boss attacked again so he could assist his party. All of them besides himself and Sylphie were in pretty rough shape, and while Dina had taken some damage, she wasn’t that bad off and could easily still take up a supporting role. It wasn’t as if Jake and Sylphie were uninjured, either. Sylphie was doing the best of all of them, most of her attacks made from range as she had pulled off every role she had been given. Jake had taken a good beating when he was buying time earlier, but he was still more than fit for a fight.

Something Jake really hoped the Twinhead Emperor wasn’t… but seeing how many damn tricks the ogre had already pulled out his ass thus far, Jake wouldn’t count on him being down for the count. At least he didn’t have to wait long to be proven right.

Just as he arrived at his party, a few seconds after the miasma from the explosion had fully subsided, the boss spoke once more, saying some unexpected words.

“I… am sorry…” the Twinhead Emperor said… no… only the warrior head was speaking. He was not speaking to anyone in Jake’s party either. Except, he looked over at the second head that began to open his eyes and wake up.

“I… failed… was too weak,” the warrior said with a melancholic smile. “I didn’t think any of us would want it to end this way… but… you were always the stronger one of us… so let it be you.”

Now fully awake, the shaman head looked at his second half. The shaman closed his eyes for a second before nodding in understanding. “Thank you.”

Jake was confused about what was going on as suddenly the head of the warrior fell down, limp. Dead. That is when Jake understood, and the boss made everything absolutely clear mere moments later.

An ear-piercing roar sounded out from the ogre as his entire body exploded with power that made the ground below him crack. A staff appeared in his hand and his voice echoed throughout the whole area as his aura soared to a level it had never been at before.

“My second half… killed… I wanted solitude… independence… but not like this.” the Twinhead Emperor, who had now been reduced to only one head, said. His energy kept surging as Jake felt the pressure on him intensify. “But luckily, I shall not be alone for much longer…”

“The second soul… merged fully into the first one. It’s unsustainable. Won’t last for more than a minute or two… but during that time…” the Fallen King warned, a clear sense of trepidation in his voice.

Jake and the others all understood… during this time, the Twinhead Emperor was in an even more empowered state. However, once it was over, so would the fight end, as the sheer backlash of burning away half of your soul couldn’t be healthy.

Quickly, Jake responded as he reached out, his hand glowing dark green, not wanting the ogre to make the first move even if he was empowered. While the other head had been alive, his death energy had helped to suppress much of Jake’s poison. This had led to much of the death-affinity poison going dormant, but now that the warrior was gone, Jake could truly let it all lose.

It spread throughout the body of the ogre, and Jake felt it do significant damage… but the boss didn’t seem to care in the slightest.

“You think your poison matters? I… am already half-dead and have no plans on lasting much longer. Soon, it all will be over. But fret not,” the Twinhead Emperor said as he slammed his staff into the ground, and runes lit up all over his body, more intensely than ever before. “You shall join my other half in the grave before my time is up.”




***
Chapter 871: Nevermore: Wind


***






Jake and his party were faced with a choice… run away and drag things out until the Twinhead Emperor’s empowered state ended, or try and fight back while buying time. Directly confronting the boss was definitely not advised, something they were all in agreement with. Jake usually wasn’t a fan of just running away, but if his party decided to do just that, he wouldn’t object.

“We should retreat for now. Fighting directly is too risky,” the Sword Saint quickly said as he received some emergency healing from DIna. She couldn’t restore his resources and fatigue, but she could get him back in temporary fighting condition… or at least well enough to launch one more good attack.

“I concur,” the Fallen King instantly agreed.

“Me too-“ Dina tried to say but was cut off by the boss.

“You wish to flee? To drag things out? You all seem to thoroughly misunderstand something,” the Twinhead Emperor said as his staff began to light up. Jake felt the entire environment shift as the mana all around took on the aura of the ogre. “It’s already far too late to run.”

Then, Jake felt the pressure as his body felt far heavier. The ground all around them cracked as everything buckled, even the mana in the air itself getting pushed down. It wasn’t suppression of aura or anything like that, but something far more tangible. Gravity magic...

A fucking complicated school of magic that was, needless to say, pretty damn strong. What’s more, the shaman clearly wasn’t done as he pointed his staff toward Jake and the three others around him. A massive flamethrower flew out, unaffected by the increased gravity that weighed everything else down.

Reacting quickly, four barriers appeared. One golden, one green, one of water, and one of stable arcane mana. The flames washed over the four attempts to block the attack, as each was burned through in moments before finally the flame shattered the final one and sent all four of them scattering in four different directions to dodge the attack.

The Twinhead Emperor wanted to follow up, but just then, a blast of wind descended from above, making the staff’s head smash into the ground, resulting in an explosion that sent the boss stumbling back. It was naturally Sylphie who went on the offensive.

Several more bullets of wind shot down, the boss raising a hand to block them with his own barrier of wind – only to then have an arrow strike him in the shoulder, as Jake took the chance to launch an attack of his own.

A long, thin blade of water also struck the boss mere moments later, followed by a blast of force that pushed Jake’s arrow further into the ogre’s shoulder. These attacks were not done with the intent to try and deal damage to the Twinhead Emperor but to try and limit his mobility and disrupt his attacks at least a little bit. Plus, dealing damage should help hasten his demise still.

Sadly, their attacks proved to have little effect as the ogre stomped down, making the ground erupt as ten large boulders flew up, and with a hand motion, each condensed into small stones. Pointing his staff once more, the stones all began to glow molten as cracks formed all over them before he sent them flying toward the four non-birds in Sylphie’s party.

Jake quickly reacted as he shot down three of the approaching boulders that were aimed for the Sword Saint and Fallen King. When he hit them, all three exploded, sending sharp obsidian shards flying everywhere. This gave them some early warning as to the nature of the attack, so when the remaining seven arrived, everyone was ready as they erected barriers and made good distance.

Even so, the Sword Saint failed to deflect every obsidian shard, as one tore straight through his stomach and another through his thigh, while the Fallen King had over a dozen join the black metal shards already sticking out of him.

Bobo, Dina’s living armor, managed to block every single one of them while Jake dodged and prepared to continue his own counterattacks. He shot several arrows that were all sent flying by a blast of wind as the ogre swept his free hand upwards.

A large plate of earth was lifted and flipped over right on top of Jake and his party, but before it could crush them, a tree sprouted from the ground smashed into it, and tore it in two. Dina was back for a bit of action as she channeled mana into the otherwise dead ground, making it explode with life as hundreds of vines shot up.

However, the boss easily responded with a scoff as the gravity around him increased, crushing all the vines back into the ground. Raising his staff toward the sky, the shaman mumbled something silently as a single bolt of lightning shot upwards.

Once it got high enough, it exploded into a massive black thundercloud that instantly began rumbling. During this magic, Jake managed to land a single arrow, as he found himself struggling with the increased gravity, but luckily, Unblemished Arrows made things easier as it made his arrows less affected. The Sword Saint and Fallen King also shot their ranged attack, but all to little effect.

Someone who was luckily not struggling at all was the lightest and smallest person in their party of five. A barrage of wind blades fell upon the shaman, making him groan in pain as he tried to use his staff to block. Using his staff, he shot several large blasts of fire toward the hawk, trying to hit her, but Sylphie simply transformed her body into wind time and time again to avoid taking any noticeable damage.

Having realized her plants couldn’t do much, Dina had also shifted her attention to helping Jake and Sylphie with buffs and defensive barriers whenever necessary. She was also still helping the two oldies recover, allowing the Fallen King to not be entirely out of commission as he soon landed a barrage of golden beams and blasts of force, making the ogre stumble and for Sylphie to land another good attack, sending blood flying.

The problem was that the Twinhead Emperor didn’t care about taking damage, simply tanking everything. He was fully on the offensive, as he quickly stopped bothering to deal with Sylphie and went after the slowest people in their party.

Dina was prepared, but she could only do so much. Fireballs began raining toward her, the ogre lifting a hand as cold energy began to condense. A massive spear of ice was summoned and thrown, Dina barely managing to make a tree shoot up and block in time. Meanwhile, Sylphie and Jake continued trying to attack the boss, but all they could do was slightly delay his casting at times.

Things were getting bad… and Dina knew it.

“Jake and Sylphie…”

“I got it,” Jake assured her, giving her the go-ahead.

“Ree!” Sylphie also agreed.

Without further hesitation, Dina did her thing. Pushing herself, she once more entered her empowered form as trees began shooting up all around her, each of them bending and surrounding herself and the Sword Saint and Fallen King. Just before the entire thing fully closed, the two of them sent out a final goodbye.

A large golden beam shot out toward the boss, hitting the ogre before he could react. For a moment, he stopped, and using Mark, Jake saw the Soulshape of the Twin Emperor temporarily look as if it was wrapped in golden chains. Not for long, but enough for the next attack to arrive, as the Sword Saint exhausted the final energy he had.

“Glimpse of Spring: Erosion.”

His second use of a Glimpse of Spring instantly made him cough up blood, but his attack was not weakened. The stream of water soared toward the head of the Twinhead Emperor, and Jake decided to also lend a hand as he tried to use Gaze.

Sadly, even if the boss was frozen for a moment, the gravity magic in his immediate surroundings proved too strong, and their ability to stop the ogre too weak. He managed to move right before he was struck as he jumped. Combined with the gravity, the ogre managed to dodge a potentially fatal blow, but he couldn’t avoid the attack entirely.

The beam of water struck him in the right knee, blasting off the entire leg beneath it. Landing on the ground again, the shaman used earth magic to form a new temporary leg quickly before turning toward his attackers.

With an enraged gaze, the boss looked toward Dina and the two with her but found a dense dome of wood had formed to protect them. Taking out his anger, he pointed his staff as a torrent of lighting descended upon it, along with a flamethrower from the staff. Taking advantage, Jake released a Powershot, striking the Twin Emperor in the arm, making him nearly drop his staff, as Sylphie did a quick fly-by and left a deep cut on his shoulder, the ogre barely avoiding getting a nasty neck wound.

A case of theft: this story is not rightfully on Amazon; if you spot it, report the violation.

The shaman’s attacks had all washed over the wooden dome, but once the smoke cleared, the Twinhead Emperor grimaced as he saw a burnt wooden dome that was rapidly mending itself.

Unfortunately for the boss, even in his empowered state, he couldn’t pierce Dina’s powerful defensive technique. At least not within a few seconds only, and while he could likely get through it within a minute, he couldn’t do much with Jake and Sylphie actively attacking him. The problem with this technique was that Dina couldn’t do anything else when using it, nor let anyone out. Something the shaman quickly realized as he didn’t bother attacking the dome again. Instead, he turned his attention to the two people remaining outside still with him.

“And then there were two…”the Twinhead Emperor said as he regarded Sylphie, who had returned to the sky, and Jake standing a few hundred meters away, an arrow already nocked. The ogre wasn’t wrong either that it was only the two of them left… because Jake felt that the Sword Saint was practically unconscious, while the Fallen King could barely maintain himself with all the damage he had taken. Once the dome expired or was destroyed, and if the boss still lived, things wouldn’t be good, and unless the Sword Saint wanted to take the massive risk of using his full Transcendence in his current state, the three of them had little other choice than using the escape tokens they still had saved from Minaga’s Labyrinth… so things were up to Jake and Sylphie now.

“Well, you’re down to just one. Heads, that is. At least ones that aren’t just for decoration at this point,” Jake taunted the boss, trying to get an emotional reaction and drag out time with banter while charging his Arcane Powershot further.

The Twin Emperor didn’t respond with words but shot a flamethrower toward him instead, making Jake release the string of his bow. The Arcane Powershot pierced through the flames before finally getting deflected by the staff. The ogre had not attacked with explosive anger but more a seething hatred as he proceeded to launch several more attacks.

Sylphie dove down and mimicked him, attacking plenty on her own. Erecting an ice barrier, the boss blocked the wind attacks while continuing to launch spells toward a quite frankly struggling Jake. Under normal circumstances, he would be able to dodge something like this… but the gravity magic was really fucking with his movements, making everything he did slower and more cumbersome.

Small cuts, frost burns, and seared flesh soon began to cover his body, but nothing lethal ever landed. Jake’s senses were focused like never before as he kept track of every single shift of mana in the atmosphere, moving before the magic even manifested. As his read on the ogre got better, he even began to launch a few counterattacks here and there, especially when he chose to use Eternal Shadow to also dodge a big blow.

Throughout, Sylphie also kept attacking the Twinhead Emperor, avoiding all the lightning strikes he tried using to keep her in check. Her assistance was one of the reasons Jake could still manage dealing with the constant assault.

Seconds ticked by, and Jake saw the shaman’s Soulshape seem to almost shrink in density. It was odd to describe, but Jake felt as if he could effectively see the soul slowly fall apart. With the poison and accumulated damage, the ogre would die soon no matter what happened… so all the hunter and the bird had to do was hold on.

Also, realizing he wasn’t going to achieve his goal of revenge in time if things continued like this, the Twinhead Emperor seemingly made a decision.

Without any warning, the ogre suddenly flew over toward Jake, seemingly wanting to get in melee combat now. Jake naturally retreated as an answer, making sure not to get caught by any attack… which was when the shaman did something entirely unexpected. With a flick of his wrist, the staff he had been holding flew toward Jake, who dodged away, only for it to suddenly slam into the ground just beside him.

As it slammed down, the ground dented, and Jake felt the pressure instantly as he smashed straight into the ground from the gravity field suddenly increasing in power several times over. The ogre was still holding out a hand as it glowed with magic, holding down Jake and the staff.

“Killing you in time… does not seem feasible,” the ogre said while blood poured out his mouth as he turned his head and raised his other hand toward Sylphie in the sky. “But the odd elemental… I have experience killing elementals.”

“Ree!” Sylphie responded by pushing down a dense wave of wind. The Twin Emperor looked at it as his hand began to glow with power. At the same time, his entire body began to shine as every single set of runes enveloped him in light. His body practically burned as his soul was set aflame, blood dripping from his eyes.

“Wind, bend before my will!”

Jake felt the sudden rush of power as the atmosphere changed. The blast of wind Sylphie had shot down toward the boss was somehow caught in his hand as if Sylphie had lost control of it. At the same time, the thunderclouds above suddenly became hyperactive, as all the lighting was shot down within mere moments, Sylphie dodging by spreading out her body into wind as she normally did.

Seeing the smile on the shaman’s face, Jake got a bad feeling.

The raised hand of the ogre began to slowly clench into a fist as the sky above moved. Wind began to gather as a giant spinning sphere of dense wind magic condensed. The stormcloud was already gone, scattered by the wind, as the sphere began to grow smaller.

Sylphie, who was caught within the sphere still in her pure wind form, began to shoot out wind blades to cut it open, but all her magic was simply absorbed by the wind sphere. Jake saw her try to control the wind around her, but it looked as if it no longer responded to her.

The sphere kept growing smaller and smaller as it condensed the air further and further. Sylphie struggled, and Jake tried to stand as he looked up, and his eyes opened wide. Somehow, the wind was getting so condensed that Sylphie began to forcibly reenter her beast form.

Jake saw her struggle, the ogre grinning as his hand closed tighter and tighter. Sylphie was soon entirely forced back into her physical hawk form as Jake saw something he never thought he would. The wind began to cut her, slicing through her feathers. Flashes of red began to appear as blood was drawn, Sylphie having no way to escape or avoid the attacks.

Trying to help, Jake used Touch of the Malefic Viper to intensify the poison, exploded his Mark to try and deal some more damage, and even used Gaze… but all it did was make the boss pause for a fraction of a second, barely giving Sylphie any respite.

Everyone in their party knew what was going on, and Jake’s mind temporarily blanked as he heard Dina say something through her Golden Mark. He heard her mention his name, but he could only stare as the small hawk struggled in vain, slowly getting sliced apart as the sphere of wind was still getting smaller and smaller, crushing her… killing her.

She… she did have the Phoenix Feather gifted to her, but it was risky to use… maybe… no, he shouldn’t tell her to, but… Jake didn’t want to know what could happen if she didn’t get out. He finally stopped doubting what had to be done as he yelled through the Golden Mark. “Sylphie, use your escape token!”

He yelled… but nothing happened. “Sylphie! Now!”

Jake tried again, as did the others, but all they got in return was a rush of feelings from her. Fear… indignation… confusion…

Gritting his teeth, Jake resolved himself. He didn’t have much after Valdemar, but Jake had regenerated some of that special energy over the last many years, and even if it wasn’t his life in danger, he would-

Sylphie’s desperate mix of emotions suddenly stopped… paused… and an overwhelming sense of fury rushed through the Golden Mark, washing away everything else, as an ear-piercing screech echoed out… sounding almost scolding in nature.

As Sylphie found herself surrounded by the wind, forced into her physical form, and unable to fight back… she didn’t understand what she had done wrong or why this was happening.

Sylphie fought well, at least, she thought she did. She had done everything Uncle and the others had told her to do. Sylphie was really good at doing that! Maybe Sylphie was even the best at doing what she was told to do because Sylphie knew how important it was to listen.

She had learned that back when Uncle had to save herself, Mom, and Dad from the bad sun bird. Learned to listen to what her parents told her. When she left on adventure with him, her parents had told her to always listen to Uncle, because even if Uncle could be very dumb, he was still pretty smart sometimes.

So, she did what she was told. Even if Sylphie was her own hawk, she did what her Uncle and her parents told her to do. That’s just how things were and how they should be.

But… in the fight with the two-headed big bad ogre, things weren’t as they should be. It was a super hard fight, but Sylphie had been in many super hard fights before, so it wasn’t that. No, it was that something acted like it shouldn’t. Things were wrong.

In the same vein as how Sylphie did as Uncle or her parents told her, the wind always did what Sylphie told it to do. That’s how things were and how they should be. But now, against the big bad ogre… the wind stopped listening to her.

It ignored her, no matter how much Sylphie tried to tell it what to do.

The wind… her wind attacked her from all sides. Trapped her, cut her, injured her. It closed in on her as she struggled but couldn’t do anything.

Why wasn’t the wind listening to her? Why did it do as the big bad ogre said? Why was what he wanted more important than what Sylphie asked?

That was just… wrong. Not how the world worked. The wind was supposed to listen to her. It was hers and not anyone else’s.

For the wind to act like this, refusing to do anything she said, and even attacking her just because someone else told it to was just… just…

So rude!

Sylphie had always been nice and always asked the wind to help, and it had always listened… but now, it seemed like that wasn’t enough anymore. It was rebelling, so she did as her Mom had done when Sylphie acted up.

She got angry and channeled that anger toward the indignant wind, acting up like a rebellious child. If it didn’t want to play nice, fine. No more niceties at all, and definitely no more asking politely if this was how the stupid wind was going to act!

From now on, Sylphie was going to make it very clear how the world was supposed to work and who was in charge here. Make it clear this was a world where the wind did exactly what Sylphie told it to do, without any complaint or talking back. To put it nicely, she was no longer making a request as she opened her beak, and with the wind attacking her from all sides, the injuries rapidly accumulating, Sylphie focused on nothing else as she screeched out her first direct command, leaving no room for disagreement.

”REE!”

And as her order came, the wind responded as it rightfully should when the Sylphian Hawk exerted her authority.

*Skill Upgraded*: [Sylph Wind Whispering (Legendary)] --> [Sylphian Authority (Mythical)]




***
Chapter 872: Nevermore: Winds of Change


***






Jake stared toward the sky as the spinning sphere of wind had stopped in its tracks. The ogre’s eyes opened wide as his clenching hand began to glow even brighter than before, but he couldn’t close it any more, no matter how hard he tried. Instead, the opposite happened.

The Twinhead Emperor’s fingers were forced apart as the shift happened. The sphere of wind scattered as Jake felt the atmosphere change entirely, and he saw the sky almost vibrate as the wind began to gather from all around. Jake also felt the pressure from the ogre lessen as he saw the clear look of shock on the Twin Emperor’s face.

Clouds were torn apart far up in the sky and in the horizon as more and more wind blew toward Sylphie from all over the Vast Plateau. Every single iota of environmental wind mana no longer felt as if it was just that: environmental. Instead, it had the clear aura of the hawk in the sky, who was gathering more power than Jake had ever seen her control before.

Then, everything suddenly stopped.

The wind was still, and Jake saw the Twinhead Emperor stare as Sylphie beat her wings a single time, making it move once more.

A soft wind swept down, making Jake’s clothes flap a bit as he saw the attack descend. There were no fancy colors and no real sound, as all that arrived was a stream of wind headed straight for the boss with speed rivaling Jake’s fastest arrows.

Right before it hit, Jake saw the expression of confusion and hint of fear on the Twinhead Emperor’s face.

“Authority… how can-“

Jake didn’t hear the final words as the attack arrived. A pillar of wind descended upon the Twinhead Emperor as Jake was pushed backward from from the wind that spilled over from the sides of the constant stream of wind.

While sliding back, Jake observed as the ogre got hit. Immediately, the skin of his face was cut, and he was forced to close his eyes and raise his arms to defend himself. The ogre’s arms were cut up next, skin and flesh tearing off from the sheer pressure and cutting nature of the wind. The boss tried to use some magic to summon a barrier of stone, but the mana didn’t have the slightest chance to gather before it was blown away by the constant wind.

It was like a small localized jetstream of pressured and intense air, smashing down on the boss and the boss alone. What’s more, it wasn’t stopping but rather only seemed to grow stronger. Moreover was the impressive effect on the surroundings. The wind blew harmlessly past everything, not even cutting into the ground, with the only one feeling the pressure being the ogre, whose leg and stump were already halfway forced into the ground, and the parts of his body that were hit directly by the wind stream weren’t doing good.

Bones were showing on the Twinhead Emperor’s arms, and barely any skin remained. It was death by a million cuts, as the jetstream somehow only seemed to intensify with every passing second, shearing off more and more flesh as the ogre roared.

“I… will… not… fall… alone!”the Twinhead Emperor roared loudly as his body exploded with a second wind of energy as he attempted to-

“REE!” Sylphie screeched with anger as the rising energy was smashed right back down; the stream of wind further empowered as it took on a light green glow from being infused further with Sylphie’s sylphian concepts.

With a new desperate roar, the boss tried to reach out toward his staff, only to find Jake holding onto it with a vice grip and a few chains of stable arcane mana. For a moment, Jake saw the Twinhead Ogre open an eye and glare toward him in anger before the eye was hit by the wind, the pupil and eyeball cut apart.

The ogre’s arms fell limply to his side soon after, no longer protecting him as the wind bore down fully on his face and body; his entire face getting sheared off as his torso began to suffer the same treatment, the second head that had belonged to the warrior already unrecognizable.

It didn’t come as a surprise when Jake heard the system messages a second later as the seemingly impossible to finally put down boss finally succumbed to his countless injuries.

*You have slain [Twinhead Emperor – lvl 335] – Bonus experience earned for killing an enemy above your level*

*’DING!’ Class: [Arcane Hunter of Horizon’s Edge] has reached level 288 - Stat points allocated, +50 Free Points*

*’DING!’ Class: [Arcane Hunter of Horizon’s Edge] has reached level 289 - Stat points allocated, +50 Free Points*

*’DING!’ Race: [Human (C)] has reached level 275 - Stat points allocated, +45 Free Points*

Even after the boss died, the wind didn’t stop as the Twinhead Emperor’s energy left his body, leaving it defenseless as the wind had a field day. Only a few seconds later did Sylphie stop as the jet stream subsided, and Jake felt the atmospheric wind return to normal, as the little hawk no longer exerted control.

All that was left of the Twinhead Emperor was a ruined corpse, with half of its flesh sheared right off the bones, with even these bones covered in thousands of small cuts. A dozen or so meters off to the side, Jake saw a door had popped into existence, the one leading to the next city floor, making it clear the floor was now complete.

Looking up, Jake saw Sylphie descend, just gliding on the wind slowly. Without any hesitation, Jake flew up to her as he felt just how exhausted she was. It was not as if Jake was in peak condition himself, but from the looks of it, Sylphie was in an even worse state.

Once he reached her, he let the small hawk glide into his arms as he caught her. Sylphie was covered in wounds all over and even missed a lot of her feathers, making Jake’s heart hurt as he gave her a light squeeze.

“Ree?” Sylphie let out a low screech as she looked up at him.

Jake shook his head in response. “No, just relieved you’re okay.”

Floating down, Jake went toward the wooden dome. On the way, he saw the sheer devastation their battle had wrought, as it looked like a natural disaster had hit the Vast Plateau. It wasn’t unexpected, considering it was a fight between powerful C-grades, but Jake still felt this one had been particularly rough… and it had definitely been a close call toward the end.

As Jake and Sylphie approached the wooden dome, it soon began to unravel. Once it did, Jake laid eyes on the Sword Saint leaning against a rock while the Fallen King sat on the ground, not able to stand easily due to the lack of an arm and a leg. Dina was the one who looked the best, but Jake knew her resources were quite spent. Who knew that healing wounds inflicted by intense death energy would be difficult?

Well, Jake did. That’s why he liked to use it in his poisons. But Dina definitely also knew.

This narrative has been unlawfully taken from Royal Road. If you see it on Amazon, please report it.

“Good job, team,” Jake said as he saw them, flashing a smile. “You all look like shit.”

“All the hair on the left side of your head is burnt off,” the Sword Saint shot back, having recovered quite a lot from Dina’s healing while in the dome, though it was clear the old man wasn’t going to be fighting any time soon, as he looked barely able to lift a sword.

“I never argued I am not also in the category of people currently looking like shit,” Jake grinned as he sat down with Sylphie, all of them taking a rest as no one talked for a moment. He reflected on the fight as he scratched Sylphie somewhere she wasn’t injured, the bird happy using the space between his legs as a nest.

There were definitely things that could have gone better, and they had probably not prepared enough or spent enough time learning about the skills of the Twinhead Emperor before they chose to fight him. If they had had a small bout with each of the Twin Emperors individually, they would have learned quite a lot, Jake reckoned. But they hadn’t. Partly because they were pressured for time and partly because they had overestimated themselves a bit.

In many areas, they also got lucky, and Jake estimated there had been a good chance one of them would have had to use their escape tokens if just one small thing had gone wrong. Luckily, it hadn’t, and when things did look like they were about to take a turn for the worse, Sylphie had come through as she had done… something. Jake still didn’t know exactly what that something was, and he wasn’t going to begin interrogating her here and now.

“I would set up a restoration circle, but…” Dina muttered as she frowned.

“Relax, dryad. There is no rush, so simply relax and recover,” the Fallen King said.

“Yeah,” Jake said with a reassuring smile. “Everyone, just chug a potion when you can, I still got plenty.”

The others nodded as they all relaxed for the next hour, barely any words being exchanged during this time as most meditated. Everyone had consumed a potion at some point during the fight, Jake himself taking his after the solo fight to buy time when the warrior head had taken full control.

As they rested, Jake also decided to finally check out the system messages he had received upon completing the floor… and things were a lot better than expected.

Eightieth floor completed. 16,000 Nevermore Points earned.

Bonus Objective Completed: Do not allow a single party member to be slain during the battle. 30,000 Nevermore Points Earned.

Grand Achievement earned: Slay the Twinhead Emperor after fully allowing the two Twin Emperors to merge in an exemplary manner, thus ending the conflict of the Vast Plateau for good. 100,000 Nevermore Points earned. Due to completing a Grand Achievement, you will receive a 10% multiplier of all Nevermore Points at the final calculation.

First of all, that was a lot of Nevermore Points. Secondly, getting another 10% multiplier had not at all been expected. The only other event boss they had gotten a percentage bonus for was when they beat Minaga, and that had been a 25% multiplier. Jake did kind of feel like the Minaga reward had been a bit too much, but then again, that fight had been a lot harder overall.

Checking his Nevermore Points, Jake saw he had finally broken the two million mark and then some.

Current Nevermore Points: 2,120,950

Besides the Nevermore Points that he and the others had just gotten, the rest of the floor had only rewarded 21,000 more, coming from a few bonus objectives and achievements. This was a lot less than on other floors, but that was to be expected. It had been very similar on floor seventy-five and the event boss there. All of the achievements and objectives more or less got boiled into doing the event, resulting in just getting a whole bunch of points from that alone.

Time passed, and with potions and Dina eventually setting up a restoration circle, they all quickly began to recover. The backlashes from boosting skills and overusing certain skills – such as the Sword Saint’s Transcendence – would take a while longer to shake off, but after only a few hours, they could all move about just fine. Jake even had all his hair back.

The door leading to the city floor was not far away, but they weren’t going to enter it yet… because while it would be nice to head there right away to relax on the city floor, they all knew there wouldn’t actually be any relaxation going on, at least not mentally.

While the fighting was most certainly finished, there was still a bit of politics left to go and some important decisions to be made. One of which was to figure out the order of who they believed would end up with the most Nevermore Points, so they could have those with less fully finish Nevermore first.

This was all for the Leaderboards… because during this time in the World Wonder, they had confirmed how the rewards worked, and Jake did think parts of it were a bit dumb. But, to make a quick summary, it mattered a lot when someone got on the Leaderboards… because just holding a spot for a mere moment would reward one the same as if they held it for thousands of years. There were potential rewards if one held a spot for the rest of the era, but all of that was way too far off for Jake to even think about.

Anyway, this all meant that their plan was to finish Nevermore one after another, having each person finish faster using time dilation… with Jake naturally being the last to go because, to the surprise of no one, he would definitely end up with the highest final evaluation. At least from their group… though Jake hoped he would just be the highest. Period.

But he had a feeling there were quite a few people who wouldn’t like that much.

Ell’Hakan nodded, satisfied that they had managed to accomplish their goal, and just in time, too. The large beast lay dead before them, with the others now scattered, having lost their will to fight after their leader had died, ending the life of the final of the Mad Beast Kings.

A door appeared not far away as he turned to his party members while skimming the floor completion notice.

Eighty-second floor completed. 16,400 Nevermore Points earned.

Completing these two last floors had been done quickly, with little regard to bonus objectives or achievements, but the Nevermore Points gained had still been more than worth it. It was a bit sad they did not encounter more opportunities for Grand Achievements because the one from floor eighty had most certainly been a welcome addition.

Grand Achievement earned: Make the Twin Emperors fully merge once more and bring harmony to their Path as the Twinhead Emperor, ending the conflict of the Vast Plateau for good. 80,000 Nevermore Points earned. Due to completing a Grand Achievement, you will receive a 10% multiplier of all Nevermore Points at the final calculation.

It had taken quite a bit of… Bloodline Therapy to get the two halves of one whole to agree on things and merge once more, but it hadn’t been something he couldn’t handle. Ell’hakan just felt fortunate he didn’t have to fight that monster, as he doubted they could have beaten the Twinhead Emperor without having to resort to things he would prefer to avoid, and even then, it wasn’t an assured victory.

In fact, he doubted many could beat that boss… but he did see the party of the Malefic’s Chosen doing it. They had a lot of trump cards to throw in, and Ell’hakan knew not to underestimate the hidden cards of someone who had managed to not only fight but defeat the absolute monster that had been Valdemar’s image in the Colosseum of Mortals.

“We must hurry and finish before too many others have a chance to do so before us,” the Saintess of the Holy Church reminded him as she stood with his two remaining party members, one of their comrades sadly having fallen during this final floor.

Ell’Hakan regarded the Saintess before nodding and walking the door with her. She had been far more helpful than he had ever expected, truly earning her recognition as one of the ten most talented C-grades of this generation in the Holy Church. He most certainly did not regret the deal he had struck to get her and the Church as a whole on board to support him.

To allow the Holy Church to obtain his Bloodline was but a small price to pay for their cooperation. Ah, but nothing would happen with the Saintess; Ell’Hakan wouldn’t want too much to do with her after Nevermore if he could avoid it. He liked people he could influence, and absolute fanatics were quite difficult to sway in any way. He was also fully aware she had no positive feelings toward him and had her own Path to walk.

Anyway, his decision to enter talks with the Holy Church had been quite a good decision if he said so himself, especially when one considered the further implications of their deal… because to obtain his Bloodline, he naturally had to be alive, and for the best results, they wanted him to get as strong as possible before he would pass on the Bloodline.

This naturally meant they had a vested interest in keeping him alive, earning him quite a good ally… and a backup plan in case the winds of change did not favor his current Patron and Yip of Yore failed his grand plan.

Pushing down these thoughts and focusing on the present, he walked through the door to the city floor, Ell’Hakan refocusing and straightening his back. Soon, it would be time for his final score and placement on the Leaderboards to be revealed, and needless to say, he was more than confident in his placement… and not just on the two publicly known Leaderboards, but the third hidden one.

The All-Star Leaderboards.




***
Chapter 873: Nevermore: The Final Stretch


***






To a C-grade, while fifty years wasn’t considered a very long time, it was definitely still a significant part of their lives, especially for those from the new universe, who were all very young by multiversal standards. For many, it was even a majority of their lives, truly highlighting the pure momentum of the natives in a new universe.

For another group who had also been heavily involved in Nevermore, fifty years was but the blink of an eye. The gods who kept an eye on everything that was happening – both from inside of Nevermore and those outside using messengers they sent in – a fifty-year period was barely ever of any consequence. At least not usually… but when a new universe was integrated, things always got exciting.

The Records were flowing freely, as the system was more active than ever, throwing events and special happenings around everywhere, not just for those in the new universe, even if the majority were for the newly integrated.

To the gods, this was a prime opportunity to grasp power for themselves and to expand their factions… Nevermore being a huge aspect in this. The Leaderboards were perhaps the best , not just for the groups with powerful people on it, but for the geniuses of the new era who had yet to fully integrate themselves with a faction.

Few would dare aim to recruit those who were in the top spots, and most of them were already in big factions anyway… but the ones who would have ranked in the top thousands were still more than worth it to recruit. For these geniuses who were close to the pinnacle, the best thing they could do personally was to get closer to the peak while also aligning themselves with the factions capable of nurturing these other peak C-grades who did top the Leaderboards.

Perhaps the luckiest of all wasn’t the newly integrated mortals or the gods who could now finally progress once more but the young talents who had been born in other universes before the new integration and could now partake in the festivities. They had the advantage of growth before the integration and tended to be older with far more stable foundations than the newly integrated Nevermore Attendees… yet no one expected any of them to actually take the top spot, at least not right away.

History had proven that it was always newly integrated people who disproportionally dominated the Era Leaderboards, at least in the beginning. Each era was a few billion years at least, so many records would be broken during that time, but it did happen on occasion that a record set in the initial stages held strong for an entire era. Yip of Yore was one such happening.

When he had done Nevermore back in the day, he had taken the top spot, with his rival at the time, Altius, taking the second spot. Over time, Altius was pushed down to number four – still showing he had been an absolute pinnacle talent – but Yip had managed to maintain his rank, even as all the geniuses of an entire era competed with him, truly proving himself the pinnacle talent of the ninety-second era. He had been alive during the integration and set an unbeatable record… and now the question was if that feat would repeat itself as the next generation began to appear on the Leaderboards.

“Any spoilers?” Minaga asked the Wyrmgod, who was sitting silently and watching a myriad of lifestreams and timers with the other gods.

“No,” the Primordial shook his head. “But I do believe most can infer some things.”

“Alright, alright… thoughts from the room how their factions did?” Minaga asked loudly, even calling out to the large gathering of gods observing from the back.

Yet it was the Blightfather who spoke up first. “Can’t say I’m particularly disappointed or overjoyed. There were some pleasant surprises and some who underperformed, but that is all to be expected. Overall, while Nevermore is certainly an important step in the Paths of C-grades and an excellent recruitment tool to find worthwhile talents, it isn’t that important in the grand scheme of things.”

“While I will not disagree with your main point, we shouldn’t downplay the most well-known World Wonder of the multiverse either, now should we? Also, let us not pretend this iteration hasn’t been a bit out of the ordinary… our very presences in this room here is proof of that,” the Holy Mother countered.

Vilastromoz just sat back, once more seeing no reason to get involved when the two of them got into it. He also knew that the reason the Holy Mother wanted to put more emphasis on Nevermore was due to how well the Holy Church always did. They were a faction focused on working together and the single-largest faction in the multiverse, after all, so for them to be displayed prominently on the Leaderboards was only to be expected.

Overall, they were definitely the ones doing the best simply due to their sheer numbers, but if one looked at the factions with the highest average placement, they were far behind. This space was instead dominated by the most elite factions, such as the Order of the Malefic Viper and Court of Shadows. Ones that didn’t solely care about making a big organization, but that every member part of it had to be worthy.

Of course, there was one faction that dominated here more than any other when one still looked at major factions… one that was focused nearly solely on combat: Valhal.

Valdemar also did seem pretty happy with how things had gone. Even if their average placements were high, they tended to not have anyone at the top either. It did happen from time to time, but their members tended not to really focus enough on their professions or crafting in general to place that high.

As for the factions that did the absolute best, it was the incredibly small ones that had very strict requirements. Organizations such as the Crimson Flame, led by Gwyndyr. Even that archer from Earth affiliated with him had done pretty well for herself. Not to the level of beating any of the true top contenders, but a respectable performance, a bit like Jake’s brother from the Court of Shadows. Pretty good but not outstanding.

The discussion of how each faction would do had quickly filled the hall as the gods talked openly, some even making subtle bets here and there. This was a rare chance for many of these representative gods to talk to a Primordial, something they were both open to in this forum. Didn’t hurt that it was primarily just them being rained with praise while bragging, but that was neither here nor there.

Talks continued for a while until quickly, the topic moved toward what most of them ultimately cared about. The most interesting part of this period in Nevermore. It was a time where, more likely than not, the top spots of the Leaderboards would be switched out several times a day as more and more pinnacle geniuses finished until finally, the dust would settle, and only one name would remain atop as the Era’s Pinnacle.

And while there was much discussion about who could take the top ten and even top five slots in the end, there was no doubt only two people were truly in contention for the top two:

One of the most spoken of Chosen of this generation, primarily because of the stuff one of them had pulled off recently and because these two had gods on open conflict:

Ell’hakan, Chosen of Yip, the former Era’s Pinnacle and top genius of the last era.

And naturally the absolutely most spoken of, the Harbinger of Primeval Origins, and Villy’s own drinking buddy, Jake.

They would soon know who would take the top spot as both were about to finish the World Wonder, and it was certain one of them would finish before the other, potentially blocking the other from holding the Era’s Pinnacle title for even a moment.

A case of content theft: this narrative is not rightfully on Amazon; if you spot it, report the violation.

“We should quickly sort our order and get going,” the Sword Saint suggested after they had been talking for a while. “Also to put additional pressure on other factions who may be dallying too much.”

“It isn’t like we will finish immediately either way,” the Fallen King also added. “It will take some time, even with our respective time chambers. Does the Order of the Malefic Viper have some prepared already?”

The final part was naturally to Jake, who confidently shrugged. “I have no idea.”

“No cause for concern in that area,” the Sword Saint shook his head. “Someone affiliated with my Patron shall be there and have everything ready.”

“That’s convenient,” Jake tilted his head. “Did Aeon contact you or something?”

“No, this was planned before I even entered Nevermore in the first place. Also, let me be clear, this isn’t something specifically prepared for us. Others are also very much interested in the services of the best time mage one can find in C-grade,” the old man explained.

“Makes sense, I guess,” Jake nodded.

“Ree?” Sylphie also asked.

“No, it’s definitely faster to stay inside of Nevermore to take advantage of the compounding time dilation,” the Sword Saint answered.

Sylphie had asked if it wouldn’t be faster to go to Nevermore City – the entrance of Nevermore – and have someone above C-grade set up a time chamber there. One had to remember that even if they left Nevermore and the time expired out there, it would still count. But, as the Sword Saint said, it was better to stay in Nevermore to double-dip on the time dilation.

Even if the C-grade in Nevermore could only do a, let’s say, ten-to-one dilation inside of Nevermore, coupled with the natural dilation of Nevermore, one easily hit a 100x multiplier in Realtime. Or, well, the opposite of a multiplier, as more time would pass inside the chamber than outside.

“Now, let us proceed to decide our order… and as much as it annoys me, I reckon the bird and I are first, considering our performances in the Challenge Dungeons,” the Fallen King said.

“We still need to decide the exact order,” the Sword Saint said. “As in… how many points do each of you have exactly?”

Jake perked up at hearing that. Each of them naturally had a lot of points, but if Sylphie somehow ended up with more, it would be hilarious.

Spoiler.

It was hilarious.

“A measly, not even two thousand points is…” the King said, trying to make excuses.

“Ree.”

“The sheer incompetence in design behind that ridiculous labyrinth…” the Fallen King shifted the blame.

“Ree.”

“No, it was by far the worst of the Challenge Dungeons, of that there is no doubt,” the Unique Lifeform said, now moved onto anger, before finally… acceptance. “Let us not waste time on what has happened. Additionally, the hawk has gained more levels, which will add even more points at the end. So, move on to decide the winner between the dryad and swordsman.”

“Ree,” Sylphie courtesly agreed as they moved on indeed.

Jake had kind of forgotten the extra points one would also get from levels and wondered how that worked. It was one of the reasons it was advised to be as close to level 200 as one could when one entered, even if one could compete on the Leaderboards as long as one was below 210. Anyway, he would definitely find out soon.

“There is no need to compare us,” Dina shook her head. “I think it’s best he finishes first. With a 70% multiplier from the Challenge Dungeons, neither of us are getting on the top 10 Leaderboards for the era, but the Sword Saint does have a very good shot at the top ten on the ninety-third universe Leaderboards.”

“We should still decide,” the Sword Saint smiled. “Even if we don’t get top ten, reaching top 100 or top 250 is bound to also have certain rewards, and I want no enmity born from one of us blocking the other.”

“I wouldn’t-“

“1,952,976.”

Dina was silent for a bit before muttering. “Fifty-eight thousand…”

“So, you got me beat,” the old man smiled.

“No… no, you got more levels than me,” Dina shook her head. “While I’m not sure about the details, I am sure that will add even more at the end, making you overtake me.”

The two of them ended up agreeing on the old man going first after a bit more back and forth, which just left Jake.

“Anyone wanna know how many points I got?” he asked with a bright smile.

“I will assume so many that it would be shameful if you failed to reach the top spot of the Era and Universe Leaderboards,” the Fallen King shot back.

“I wouldn’t say shameful… but enough so that I would be disappointed if I didn’t top at least one of them,” Jake shrugged. “And I say that knowing full well that there is a good chance a certain orange fuck is already topping one if not both of them already. Anyway, we’re all good, right? Let’s get moving and finally get done with Nevermore.”

There were no complaints as everyone finally got up, and Dina dispelled the recovery circle. They all at least looked representable now as they moved toward the door and the final city floor. On the way, Dina threw Jake a few glances before finally asking.

“Would… would you really be disappointed if you didn’t get the top spot? Do you expect to get it?” she asked a bit cautiously. “My grandfather said that to take the top spot isn’t easy, and even if getting it doesn’t necessarily mean one is the strongest of a generation… it won’t be far off.”

“I think I would be, yeah,” Jake muttered. “I did my best here in Nevermore, and as you said, the spot is often reserved for the top of a generation, right?”

“Yes,” Dina nodded.

“Well, then I belong there,” Jake shrugged as he grinned. “My goal has always been to be the very best like no one ever was.”

“Ree?” Sylphie asked, still held by Jake as she was still very tired. Or, at the very least, pretended to still be very tired to get carried.

“No, no, you’re in the generation after mine, so you can be the very best of that one,” Jake shook his head while scratching her.

“Does that mean I am from the generation before you?” the Sword Saint asked with a raised eyebrow.

“Of course not,” Jake said, sounding almost offended. “You’re at least three generations before me, if not more.”

“That… isn’t how generations work in the multiverse,” Dina said. “While a generation isn’t a set time, in most instances, especially when talking about C-grades, one considers a single generation at least a few hundred years…”

“That sounds like something I will definitely ignore ever learning,” Jake grinned as the five of them finally entered the door and went to the final city floor they would ever see.

It was… pretty basic and very empty if Jake said so himself. Especially compared to City Floor Fourteen, the one where all the top teams were doing Challenge Dungeons. Still, the ones that were present were either those not competing on the Leaderboards – in other words, those who had entered while already above 210 – or the absolute top teams. And most of those teams wouldn’t be found just wandering about as they were doing exactly what Jake and company were about to do.

Ignoring the system message welcoming them to the city floor, the five of them made their way toward somewhere the Sword Saint felt powerful time energy gathered. Jake also felt it, and using Pulse, he spotted the place the old man was talking about.

Reaching the area, they saw a large set of buildings that looked a bit like one of those motels where the doors opened directly from the outside into the rooms, except the doors, in this case, were heavy enchanted gates, and the rooms were lined up boxes of metal.

“This the place?” Jake asked the Sword Saint as he read the sign above the fence surrounding the weird, motel-looking place… and it did not inspire confidence.

Time Chambers For Rent! Best Rates, Best Service, Best Performance!

“It is indeed,” the old man nodded, Jake choosing to believe him as they walked inside. They had barely managed to get in before Jake spotted an approaching figure who raised a hand and waved.

“You’re finally here! Damn, I was getting scared you fucked up and got stuck on floor seventy-five or something, as you didn’t go to the city floor,” the newcomer said. “A fellow follower of the glorious God of Time, too!”

Jake observed the man and used Identify, quickly being told what he already knew… this guy was strong.

[Hobgoblin – lvl 349 – Divine Blessing of Aeon Clok]

“Greetings,” the Sword Saint bowed. “I do not believe I need to say why we’re here?”

“Of course not,” the hobgoblin shook his head. “Seeing as you’re a follower of our god, I can even throw in a three percent discount! No, wait, with the Malefic’s Chosen also here, I believe I can make it three-point-five percent! The true VIP treatment!”

“How generous…” Jake muttered.

“I know, right?” the hobgoblin said, still smiling. “Now, let’s get you all settled, alright? I will naturally need payment up front as you’ll all just pop right back to Nevermore City when the timer expires.”

“Can I ask, has the Chosen of Yip of Yore also arrived here?” Jake asked.

“Yep, he already got here over a full day ago and will pop out soonish, I reckon,” the peak C-grade explained.

“I see…” Jake muttered. “Say… would it be possible to pay a bit extra to maybe do it so his time dilation isn’t as effective as it maybe should be, allowing a certain other Chosen to finish first?”

The hobgoblin looked at Jake for a moment as his smile faded entirely. “Are you asking me to divert from my own Path by maliciously breaking my business practices?”

“I would never ask that and simply made a tasteless hypothetical,” Jake quickly backtracked quickly as he smiled. “Anyway, five rooms, please.”

“Oh, of course, you would never truly ask something preposterous like that,” the hobgoblin said with a serious look before he went right back to smiling. “Now, follow me, and I’ll show you to your rooms.”




***
Chapter 874: Nevermore: The Calm Before the Leaderboards


***






One by one, Jake and his party members entered their respective time chambers. They went in the order they had decided, so the Fallen King would finish first, then Sylphie, the Sword Saint, Dina, and finally, Jake would be the last one to appear back in Nevermore City as his fifty years expired.

When Jake was the only one left, standing right in front of his own chamber, the hobgoblin threw him a glance. ”So… you gonna win?”

”What?” Jake asked, a bit confused.

”Are you gonna beat Yip’s Chosen on the Leaderboards? In my mind, it’s pretty much down to you two for the top spot as far as I know. There are a few others too who may have a slight chance, but eh… not really,” the time mage said.

”Why do you care?” Jake questioned with a raised eyebrow.

”I am a gossip; what can I say? I just like those juicy-”

”There’s bets on, huh?” Jake interrupted him.

”Really?” the hobgoblin said, as he tried to look surprised. ”I would have never thought that! But say there truly is live betting going on regarding the finishing positions of all the different well-known Nevermore Attendees competing on the Leaderboards, then surely there would be a lot to be gained on betting for the top spot. Ah, by the way, I am talking about the Era Leaderboards here.”

Jake, not really in that much of a hurry to start his own time chamber, just got a thought. ”Whose the top seed right now?”

”Ell’Hakan, and pretty convincingly, too, so if you beat him on the Era Leaderboards; you should also top the universe one,” the time mage said. ”Followed by a demon prince, a young princess from the Regalflight, an elemental of some kind, and, of course, you. A few others in there, too, but I have my personal doubts about these individuals, and I tend to be pretty good at judging situations like these. The thing is, we don’t know your Challenge Dungeon score, and while it can be assumed that it’s good, seeing as you are also an alchemist and should do well even in those focused on crafting, there’s still a lot of question marks. Especially after you didn’t publish your results. Left many to believe you maybe actually did horribly and was embarrassed.”

”That Chosen of Yip is really rated that highly, huh?” Jake muttered, ignoring the last part of what the time mage said. He did know he had gotten a good score from the Challenge Dungeons, but…

”He passed floor eighty-two and did pretty damn well throughout the World Wonder. Only one other group did eighty-two floors, with even the majority of the top groups not managing to complete floor eighty, and even if they did, it wasn’t exactly with flying colors,” the hobgoblin kept readily sharing. ”Also, is it surprising for the Chosen of Yip to be rated highly? Based on what I saw when he came here, he is quite an unsettling entity… not that I wouldn’t say the same about you.”

”I see,” Jake nodded, thinking to himself.

”So…?”

”What?” Jake asked, confused.

”You gonna beat him or not? If you tell me, and you’re right, I’ll waive the fee for using the time chambers entirely for your entire party,” the hobgoblin offered.

”Didn’t you make a big deal about offering a discount before…?”

”Alright, I’ll even throw in… what do you want?” the time mage asked, seemingly not sure what to offer a Chosen.

Jake thought for a second, and for a second, he considered what he would do after Nevermore and what would be of use then… and one thing instantly popped up.

”Something for a time banana musa… eh a Celerita Musa, ancient rarity,” Jake said.

”Musa? I thought bananas grew on trees?”

”A lot of people do,” Jake answered, having a very important conversation before it was time to have a multiversal competition on a few Leaderboards. ”They’re actually not trees, but a type of flowering plant that is often confused for one due to their size and large stem.”

”Huh, you learn something new every day,” the hobgoblin nodded, sounding genuinely interested. ”You really are an alchemist. Either way, I got something I’m sure will be of use to your banana plant… so what’ll it be? You gotta take the top spot?”

”If I was the one betting, that is sure where I would place my money… because I wouldn’t say Ell’Hakan’s Challenge Dungeon run struck me as particularly impressive,” Jake smirked and gave a knowing look.

The hobgoblin looked surprised for a moment before he smirked in kind. ”I’ll trust ya on this one. Cya around, I’ll send someone with the stuff for your plant if you make me a rich goblin. Alright, an even richer goblin.”

With those words, he shut the door to Jake’s time chamber. Seconds later, Jake felt the magic circles activate as time distorted. While time would be warped, he would still need to sit there for at least a few days, giving him plenty of time to have fun as he pulled out his Puzzle Box of the Seeker, an item he had dearly missed playing with.

Before he immersed himself in the puzzles, he briefly reflected on recent happenings and what he had just learned. Jake had surprised himself a bit when he asked the hobgoblin about potentially messing with Ell’Hakan’s time chamber to fuck him over on the Leaderboards, as that honestly wasn’t like him. He had just wanted to fuck with the other Chosen, and title-blocking him seemed like a fun way to do that.

But.. letting Ell’Hakan emerge on his throne for a small while before smashing him down would also be satisfying. Jake also had to admit one other thing… for a moment, he had considered the possibility he would needto finish first. That he wasn’t the one with the top score. Jake knew he was strong, people kept telling him that, but it was still hard to imagine he would be the one to take the absolute top spot on the Leaderboards.

If Nevermore had been pure fighting, he would have been more confident. But it was so many other things, and Jake knew there were a myriad of different creatures and people in the multiverse who had their own unique advantages. In many ways, the words of the hobgoblin before he entered the chamber had calmed him. Hearing two groups had beaten two floors more than him wasn’t nice, but it told him there wasn’t some mega-outlier who had somehow managed to do ninety floors through having five Transcendences or some shit like that.

Again, Jake knew he was strong, but he had seen stronger C-grades. The face of the First Sage flashed in his mind as Jake realized a big part of his reason was due to him. Who is to say someone like that absolute outlier couldn’t have appeared again? The chances were really fucking low, but…

Shaking his head, Jake decided to dispel all thoughts about it and began to play with his Puzzle Box to pass the time. All there was left for him to do was wait for the final results to be published. Something he had hated after an exam back in school and sure as hell didn’t like more now.

If you discover this narrative on Amazon, be aware that it has been stolen. Please report the violation.

Jake, immersed in his box to distract his mind, failed to realize the irony of his thoughts… something he would only come to realize later. Because while he was afraid of some mega-outlier coming in and swooping the competition…

He didn’t realize that in the eyes of others, he was that mega-outlier.

Nevermore City was busier than ever, even exceeding the time everyone went to enter the World Wonder. The massive city was housing guests from every faction, their many strongholds, and compounds filled with influential figures from all over the multiverse. Within many, even gods sat, covertly keeping an eye on everything that was happening.

Within the compound belonging to the Order of the Malefic Viper, Viridia was kneeling before another familiar-looking woman who stood beside two nearly identical copies of herself. It was one of the Witches of the Verdant Lagoon, sidelined by projections of her two sisters.

”The Malefic One informed us his Chosen soon exits Nevermore,” the sister there with a physical avatar said. ”There are also some others to keep an eye on, like the Malefic Dragonkin, but sadly for them, they are overshadowed by the presence of the Chosen.”

”Will we proceed according to the Order’s regular procedures?” Viridia asked, a bit unsure. This wasn’t her first time going to Nevermore because some highly talented member of the Order was doing the World Wonder, but as an S-grade, it was naturally her first time seeing a true Leaderboards competition like this. In preparations, she had read up on old procedures of the Order… but those had all been written during the Malefic One’s absence. So, they very much emphasized not rocking the boat too much.

”I read those, and they are pathetic,” the Verdant Witch spat out her words. ”Viridia, who are we? We are the Order of the Malefic Viper, loyal servants of the Malefic One. We are subservient or apprehensive toward no one but the Malefic One, and this is our chance to truly show the multiverse we are not afraid.”

”Then…”

”Walk forward with pride. Stand alongside the other representatives with a straight back. You represent the Malefic Viper, a Primordial. Do not embarrass him, us, the Chosen, or yourself,” one of the other sisters said in a stern tone. ”Your job is not to prove you are worthy of that pride. Leave that up to the Malefic One and his Chosen and simply bask in the glory of their shadow.”

Viridia listened intently before bowing deeper. ”The will of the Malefic One shall be done.”

”Good. Now go and show those uptight posers the Order of the Malefic Viper is not to be looked down upon or forgotten.”

Standing up, Viridia nodded as she turned, determination in her eyes. As she walked through the compound, she gathered those who would walk alongside her. Among them were a few branch leaders and other S-grades, including Fairleigh, the patriarch of the Nalkar vampires. Something that usually wouldn’t be possible.

There were a few reasons for this. The first one was that vampires still didn’t have a good reputation in the wider multiverse and were often antagonized simply for existing. Among the influential factions, pretty much only the Order had any vampires, with the rest being solo or with smaller groups. Due to this, the Order usually didn’t have vampires with them whenever they participated in any social happenings like this, as that would just be inviting trouble from those who still sought the extermination of the vampire race as a whole.

With the return of the Viper, this would change. No longer did they carry the same fear of making others angry by bringing one. The mere fact they dared bring a vampire was also a way to tell the rest of the multiverse that the Order would do whatever they wanted from now on, with the other factions not able to pressure or tell them what they could and couldn’t do. A show of force, if one will, and a declaration that the Order was openly supporting the vampires.

Finally… Fairleigh had wanted to come. He had been incredibly embarrassed that he had been the one to welcome the Chosen and speak to him for a prolonged period when the Chosen was selling off items from the Treasure Hunt system event, all without the Nalkar Patriarch noticing who he was truly dealing with. He just thought Jake was some new recruit with a Blessing. The primary reason Fairleigh had even wanted to speak to the Chosen personally was due to his own personal interest in old vampire memorobilia. Now, he wanted to at least show his respect by showing up like this and being there to observe how the Chosen did in Nevermore.

”Are you nervous?” Viridia asked Fairleigh as they exited the compound and began making their way toward the central square. They were a group of twelve total, most of them old and loyal members of the Order, while some were newer recruits brought along. Calling S-grades new recruits was a bit weird, but many had wanted a closer relationship with the Order and even joined after the Primordial’s return.

”What worry could I possibly have, Hall Master?” the vampire patriarch asked with a relaxed smile. ”This is the domain of the Wyrmgod, and none would dare insult two Primordials by making a move. I am just happy to finally walk in the light and not be hidden away like should I be ashamed of my heritage.”

Viridia slowly nodded. Fairleigh was older than herself, but as the Hall Master, she had seniority. Still, it felt odd that the vampire she remembered first seeing as a C-grade herself spoke so formally. ”There truly is no need for shame. You are recognized by the Malefic One, and his recognition is worth more than that of every other faction combined. I know his Chosen also has no negative emotions toward your race, and from what I heard, there are even vampires living on his home planet.”

Fairleigh smiled as they kept walking in silence for a while longer before the central square entered sight. Compared to when the Chosen and others had entered, things were slightly different now. The entire square had expanded, and not just by a little either. Some serious space magic had been used, so perfect it defied belief, quite literally stretching reality itself to make everything bigger.

This was all done to make space for the many stands and podiums reserved for the different factions who had proven themselves worthy of one. Behind these were even large buildings that were placed in a large ring around the central square, all with a view of the two Leaderboards from large terraces atop their roofs. These were reserved for the top factions only, with the Order of the Malefic Viper naturally having one of these reserved.

The Leaderboards themselves were currently hidden as they both appeared entirely blank. This had been done when the Era Leaderboards unlocked, primarily to build up excitement about who would take the top spot. There was no doubt this was more than just a mere competition among young talents, but a large social happening involving pretty much all of the major factions of the multiverse.

Viridia led her group into the building belonging to them as they soon stood on the rooftop. Quite a few curious gazes had landed on them, especially when they saw the vampire among them. The Risen were only a few rows away, and their representative was throwing some nasty looks, while the Holy Church was luckily on the other side of the square, placed as far away from the Risen as possible.

Looking over at the Risen, Viridia just smiled and nodded in greeting. The other representative clearly wasn’t happy but still returned her greeting in kind, professional enough to know that being impolite would gain them nothing.

There were a few dozen of these buildings for top factions, with most of them having already arrived by now. Viridia had been to other social gatherings and was used to mostly being ignored… which was why she was surprised when, soon, they were visited by many guests who wanted to give their greetings. And not just by small factions.

A few of the Dragonflights, the United Tribes, Altmar Empire, demon factions, powerful warbands… factions Viridia usually felt looked down on the Order came to pay their respects and wish them a good performance for their Chosen.

One of the reasons why the larger factions had entire buildings was due to the length of this event. It would take weeks, at the very least, for all of the top performers of this first generation to be revealed. Probably even a few months. So this was also very much a time for political meanings, something the buildings could be used for, as Viridia took this chance to meet with representatives left and right.

It also had to be noted that only mortals participated in this. Mixing gods with mortals simply wasn’t feasible, and Viridia didn’t doubt some gods didn’t also have their own dealings, but the majority of the diplomatic work was left to the mortals.

Days turned to weeks, as they had naturally come in good time, and the Leaderboards had yet to be revealed. Finally, they got a warning one day, as a message was projected into the sky above Nevermore City:

Leaderboards Reveal: 23:59:57

Viridia had gone to their rooftop in preparation as the timer slowly expired. As it reached zero… the sky and square filled with lights, and Viridia heard something she hadn’t expected. Music began to blare out from who-knows-where as a being appeared in the sky, hands spread out as she felt the presence of a demi-god.

It was a figure she had read up on and whom she knew was associated with Nevermore. A powerful being that many feared as much as even the Primordials, not necessarily because of power, but the sheer damage this being could cause if pushed. Truly, a creature worthy of respect, as Viridia and all the other mortals knelt before the demi-god they, in truth, knew had already stepped into divinity. Perhaps the only god capable of showing up as a mortal:

The All-God Legion.




***
Chapter 875: Nevermore: Leaderboards


***






Lights danced in the sky as the music kept playing while the All-God Legion, better known as Minaga, walked down a pair of invisible stairs right above the two blank Leaderboards. He easily got the attention of everyone, and Viridia had to admit he was perhaps the best creature in the multiverse to do something like this… he was both a mortal, making his aura not overwhelming, and a divine being that could stand alongside the pinnacle all on his own. This offered him the possibility of absolute confidence.

“Welcome, welcome, welcome! What a great day for all of you to show up and all just to come and see little me!?” Minaga’s voice was projected all throughout Nevermore City, reaching not just the square.

“Oh wait, I read that wrong… you’re here for the Leaderboards, eh?” the Unique Lifeform joked around, not a single person present letting out the slightest laugh.

“Alright, alright, tough crowd, everyone’s so freaking serious, so let’s just stop messing around and get right to it! The great Leaderboards reveal! Okay, I lied; we won’t get right to it. One small intermission first, and I need to make a few clarifications, and as a preamble, I will share some stats!” Minaga said as he summoned a floating screen above himself. “Firstly, I can happily announce the death rate for this year’s Leaderboards-competition groups was 10.3% below the expected amount! That means only about 9.4 out of every 100 Nevermore Attendees competing on the Leaderboards ended up dying, compared to 10.1 out of every 100 last era.”

Viridia looked up at the screen and saw the stats that represented millions of dead at the very least. But it also meant that more than ten times the number of dead had come out of Nevermore, now more powerful than before and with a brighter future ahead of them. She also knew that the members of the Order tended to survive far more than the average due to their far higher average power level.

“The Nevermore Points achieved by the average group is also 3.6% higher than the last era, sitting at a whopping 42.214! Pretty good if I say so myself, and you can all be proud for fostering another great generation… especially now that we’re getting to the juicy part.”

Minaga smiled even more brightly as he dispelled the prior screen and showed a new one. It was just a single number, but Viridia instantly understood what it meant. That’s… impressive.

“10.5%. That’s how many more Nevermore Points the average in the top 1 percentile gained this time around compared to the last era. To clarify, this is the second biggest jump between two eras ever seen, and compared to last time, there is no explanation besides one simple fact: even the average talent of this era vastly surpasses any we’ve ever seen prior.”

For the first time, there was an actual crowd reaction as claps were heard. Viridia also joined in, along with the other S-grades around her. It was an applause for the next generation and what she believed was an outstanding performance. A generation the Chosen of the Order was a representative member of.

“Now, at the very tippidy top we will soon see on the Leaderboards, the disparity is a bit harder to find, showing that those at the Pinnacle Tier, even in prior eras, are still not to be taken lightly. But, fret not, the young talents are a little bit better, but within the margin of error,” Minaga continued once the applause had fully died down, as Viridia heard some low discussion all around.

To see the average rise was a good sign.. but to see the top shift wasn’t, especially not after the last era. Yip of Yore had been an outlier who had been praised for surpassing all prior eras, and what he had grown into could only be described as a problem for many divine factions. The many factions had also long learned that many top geniuses would be very difficult to control unless they had an existing connection to a top faction.

Those from the new universe naturally didn’t have any pre-existing connections, making them far more unpredictable. So, while seeing the average grow was good, many hoped to not see the top spot once more be taken by someone from the new universe… something that would be difficult to achieve, seeing as quite a few of the top seeds were from the new universe.

“The following clarification is mainly for those who haven’t really been paying attention to how the Leaderboards work… but the Leaderboards have naturally been open for quite a while; we just decided not to show them. In fact, they’ve been open for about a year, but we have naturally kept them hidden, as honestly, quite a few of you are utterly insufferable when it comes to wanting to show off. You are so desperate to have names from your factions shown on a list that is shifting every hour that it’s honestly kind of sad. Seriously, how many people have been forced to cut their Nevermore journeys short halfway through for some insecure Holy Church, Risen Altmar Empire, or whatever, to use their lost futures as a brief marketing stunt? Anyway, so, yeah, to stop this pathetic display, we chose to hide the Leaderboards till now, when the rankings are at least semi-stable, and I am certain no one has anything against that, right? We allow people to at least see the Universe Leaderboard a bit in the beginning for you bastards to do your scouting or whatever, and even that’s too much, in my opinion…”

Viridia stood and stared blankly as the entire square was silent after the Unique Lifeform’s rant. She couldn’t help but look over, and she saw a Cardinal from the Holy Church clench his staff tight, holding in his anger after the All-God Legion effectively insulted the entire Holy Church and even the Holy Mother herself. It wouldn’t be an understatement to say Minaga had just insulted half of the peak factions with a single rant… and Viridia knew that out of nearly anyone in the multiverse, Minaga was perhaps the only one who could do just that without ever suffering any repercussions.

“Ah, I really needed to get that off my chest, now to get back into it. So, as I said, the Leaderboards have been open for a while, and the listing has sure shifted a lot. For the Era Leaderboard alone, the top 100 has had a total of 351 names on it, quite a few more than usual. As for the top 10, we have had a total of 21 names there. Again, this is for the Era Leaderboard… but we naturally aren’t going to address that first. Instead, let’s keep it a bit more local and discuss the far more volatile Universe Leaderboard.”

Having changed the topic away from insulting peak factions, Minaga shared some more stats. Waving his hand one more time, another screen appeared.

“I call this Leaderboard more volatile because it’s been quite the shuffle! People getting high spots only to be bonked down from the top 50 to below the top 100 within a day happened more than once! The higher average has resulted in far more than usual reaching the minimum Nevermore Points required for Pinnacle Tier to qualify them to even appear on the top 100. This has resulted in a whole new record of the most names ever appearing in not only the top 100 but even the top 10 of the Universe Leaderboards! An all-time record, too!”

The screen floating above Minaga began to be filled with the stats of the Universe Leaderboard. Stats that made Viridia and many others raise an eyebrow.

“1084 have had their name appear in the top 100, with a whopping 76 in the top 10 at some point! That’s a lot of people getting some sweet, sweet titles! However… there have only ever been three names at the very top. Two of which now still dominate the Leaderboards. Yes, Leaderboards, plural.”

This was the first real hint about the actual people on the Leaderboards. No hints as to who they were, just that they were from the ninety-third universe, which instantly made Viridia think that the Chosen of the Malefic One had to be among these two. He had to be.

“Now, for some more interesting miscellaneous stats regarding the Challenge Dungeons and the thought process behind their designs…” Minaga began before smirking and stopping himself. “Relax, I’m just messing with you all. I guess it’s time to get to the real meat of this entire thing.”

With a snap, the screen with stats disappeared as Minaga paced back and forth up in the air.

“Some of you keen-eyed ones may have realized by now I am just dragging time out because I am waiting for something to happen. Or maybe you didn’t realize anything and just assumed I like to ramble on, something you would be entirely correct on, but in this instance, I am also dragging out time purposefully, as we quite frankly started this entire thing at least a few minutes too early. You see, for suspense, we have delayed some arrivals of those who had already finished Nevermore, and we had to make sure everyone was done for maximum dramatic effect to put on a good show and all that. Also, relax; their order of completion is still intact; we just delayed them teleporting to Nevermore City. With all that said… may the young talents descend!”

If you stumble upon this tale on Amazon, it's taken without the author's consent. Report it.

With these words, space began to move as Viridia felt the energy of the Wyrmgod himself at play. All around the huge central square, figures began to appear in rapid succession, either on the stands or on top of the many buildings belonging to top factions.

Viridia quickly looked around, and on one of the buildings, she saw the swordsman who had entered with the Viper’s Chosen appear, standing among followers of Aeon Clok. On another platform with followers of Stormild, she saw the hawk, and on a third belonging to the Pantheon of Life, the dryad. Finally, on their very own platform, a figure appeared, and Viridia was ready to bow as she saw it was not the Chosen but instead the Unique Lifeform who appeared.

She didn’t have time to say anything to this Unique life form before Minaga spoke once more.

“And now for the grand reveal… of one of the Leaderboards!”

Finally, the time had come. Space itself warped around the Universe Leaderboard as words began to appear on it line-by-line before soon showing the top ten. At the same time, beams of white light descended from above, highlighting ten figures who were all standing spread around the square. It didn’t take long to realize who was highlighted… it was naturally the ten top performers… and Viridia saw a real smug Cardinal over at the Holy Church building as two beams had descended on top of them. This light began to change up in the air as projections of these ten figures appeared, allowing all to see them.

Ignoring everything else, Viridia finally gazed upon the Universe Leaderboard… and it didn’t look right. It didn’t look right at all.

“Two did better than anyone else… please join me in applauding the performances of our runner-up, Wintermaul, along with our top dog: Ell’Hakan, Yip of Yore’s Chosen!”

Viridia just stared at the Leaderboard… as things truly didn’t make sense. Where is he?

Nevermore Leaderboards (C-grade): 93rd Universe.

1. Ell’Hakan – Pinnacle Tier.

2. Wintermaul – Pinnacle Tier

3. Lopas – Pinnacle Tier

4. Holy Dawn Paladin – Pinnacle Tier

5. Arnold – Pinnacle Tier

6. Eastbound Monk – Pinnacle Tier

7. Disciple of Lucenti – Pinnacle Tier

8. Sword Saint – Pinnacle Tier

9. Immortal Faith – Pinnacle Tier

10. High Templar – Pinnacle Tier

Silence filled the entire square as everyone looked as two of the large projections in the air were highlighed more than the others. It was the two atop the Leaderboard, and soon, celebration erupted from several places, and nearly everyone did as Minaga said and gave a round of applause… except for those from the Order.

Viridia looked up and saw the figure of Yip’s Chosen projected. He had a light smile on his face, not exactly looking smug, but not like his performance had come as a surprise either. He looked like someone who had just been told something he found rather obvious as he bowed a few times. Yet Viridia also saw something else… doubt and a bit of confusion that seemed to mirror her own.

The other highlighted figure was the one called Wintermaul. It was an ice elemental of some form, looking a bit like a mix between a yeti and a bear, but made entirely of ice. To see an elemental do so well was rare… which had to mean this particular elemental was truly outstanding.

Still… things were wrong, and as everyone else was celebrating and Minaga gave them time and space to do so, Viridia turned to the Unique Lifeform that had been part of the Chosen’s party, throwing him a questioning gaze. One he instantly understood.

“I must say, I am pleasantly surprised to at least find myself in the top 100… and to see the small planet I now call home have not just one, but for multiple individuals to be in the top ten…” the Fallen King said. “To see the mechanic with relations to the void outperforming the swordsman does surprise me a smidgen, though. Alas, I can only say it’s his fortune.”

Frowing, Viridia looked at the Unique Lifeform. “What happened in there? The Chosen…”

“Allow me to make a prediction… my fellow Unique Lifeform by the name of Minaga has been putting on an entire show, which was part of the reason I was held in a white void for a few minutes before I was teleported here.”

“The All-God Legion is in charge of this Leaderboards reveal,” Viridia nodded.

“Then it makes sense. From all I have learned about Minaga, he is a performer who enjoys making drama and putting on a show more than anything. So do not worry quite yet, and just enjoy the show as the suspense builds, and we await the grand reveal,” the Fallen King said.

Viridia instantly realized what the Unique Lifeform was trying to say as she breathed a sigh of relief, and did as he said as they waited for Minaga to continue. A few minutes passed as the celebrations died down, and the congratulations of the top ten came to an end. Until the factions would host larger celebrations at a later time, that is.

“Once more, I want to congratulate all those who placed in the top 10 from the ninety-third universe. You all have done pretty well for yourselves, considering you’ve only been part of the multiverse for just a short amount of time… but what’s perhaps even more impressive is that we still find four names from the Universe Leaderboard also present on the era one! Behold, our top ten of this Era… and the Era’s Pinnacle!”

Space once more moved as the second Leaderboard was revealed, and ten figures were highlighted again as projects appeared; four of these highlights repeated. Along with the highlight of the Era’s Pinnacle… which had gone to the one most people had expected to see there and the top seed according to all the gambling houses.

Nevermore Leaderboards (C-grade): 93rd Era.

1. Ell’Hakan – Era’s Pinnacle.

2. Demon Prince of the Fourth Hell – Pinnacle Tier

3. Wintermaul – Pinnacle Tier

4. Aishalstromoz Regalflight – Pinnacle Tier

5. Ghost King Azal – Pinnacle Tier

6. Disciple of the Heartsoul Daolord – Pinnacle Tier

7. Lopas – Pinnacle Tier

8. Grimclaw Noxmane – Pinnacle Tier

9. Holy Dawn Paladin – Pinnacle Tier

10. Saintess of the Holy Church – Pinnacle Tier

Two beams once more highlighted the smug Holy Church, showing that they had impressively maintained two spots in the top ten. Only one of them was a repeat, as someone Viridia recognized as the Saintess who had been part of Ell’Hakan’s group was also highlighted.

The newcomers were a demon prince who had made some waves recently, currently shown standing with an arrogant sneer as he gazed toward where Ell’Hakan was standing. Next up was a princess of the Regalflight – the golden dragons – who nearly always had members toward the top due to the extremely high average power of those who managed to become golden dragons. She was standing with a neutral look in her humanoid form, but no matter what, she couldn’t hide her innate pride.

Azal, the Ghost King, was also an expected figure to see. The same was true for the Disciple of the Heartsoul Daolord, who was a young girl looking no older than someone who had barely entered adulthood. Then there was Grimclaw Noxmane, a wolf from the United Tribes, who looked like a, well, large wolf.

The creature known as Lopas did strike Viridia as an odd one. This Lopas had appeared on both the Universe Leaderboard and the seventh spot of the Era Leaderboard, gaining the creature quite a bit of attention… which was why it was surprising to see the sleeping sloth-like creature’s projection clearly sleeping in mid-air.

All of these top performers got a lot of praise, and even if the Church had two in the top 10, there was no doubt who had the most attention of everyone. Ell’Hakan had repeated the feat of his Patron and claimed the very top spot, proving himself the Era’s Pinnacle. Viridia clenched her fists as she threw a glance toward the Fallen King, who looked unbothered, just waiting.

“Truly an impressive display by everyone, and I will say… even if you do not find your name on the top 10, do not be discouraged. Top 100, or even top 1000, is also a feat to celebrate. Even if you don’t find yourselves on any Leaderboards, do not for a second believe this is an evaluation of your entire Path and your potential. To many of you, this will be but a slight blip in your existence and hopefully just a pleasant memory that may or may not have rewarded a sweet title. This is also a warning to the ones who did place well on the Leaderboards to not relax simply because you did well in one World Wonder. This is just a single step on your journey.”

The words of the Unique Lifeform were sobering and encouraging. It was likely something many of those who had either done better or worse than expected needed to hear. Putting too much stock in Nevermore wasn’t wise, after all. Viridia herself hadn’t done that well back in Nevermore, partly because of her Path as a witch not being the best for the World Wonder, yet out of her entire party, she was the only one who ever even reached A-grade.

After Minaga allowed the words to sink in a bit, he spoke once more.

“Just one more thing before we all go our different ways… I’m going to tell you all a bit about a personal grievance of mine. Trust me, It’ll be relevant,” Minaga said as he once more began to pace back and forth. “I’ve been working with the Wyrmgod for quite a few eras now, working on floors, consulting on different projects, working on Challenge Dungeons… with my mainstay creation naturally being my labyrinth. Both the floors and the Challenge Dungeon.”

The ramble seemed entirely irrelevant to everything else that was going on, yet as the All-God Legion began to talk, Viridia saw the Fallen King slump and let out an audible sigh as he let her know his thoughts.

“Here we go again…”

“I worked hard on this, and I try to make them pretty fair so people can’t cheat, yet every single era, there are some individuals who find new ways to “break” stuff, if you will. This is fine. It gives me data to fix the error for the next iteration. Except this time around, this bastard appeared who exploited the hell out of both my labyrinths without a single trace of shame, doing so in a fashion that I can’t even fix for the next era. He even went as far as to set an all-time record in my Challenge Dungeon, and not even by a little, but by so much I felt like he did it only out of spite.”

Viridia frowned as the Unique Lifeform gave her a small nod. A nod that made her smile as the Unique Lifeform continued.

“And wouldn’t you know it… that very same bastard is just about to come out of our precious World Wonder in… three… two… one…”

A beam of light descended right beside Viridia as she felt space warp… and a masked figure appeared as the Leaderboards all shifted in real-time.




***
Chapter 876: Peerless Conqueror of Nevermore


***






Nobody liked being interrupted while having a good time, and Jake was no different. He had just been chilling with his Puzzle Box when suddenly he felt the space around him shift, and he was thrown out of the space inside the box. For a brief moment, he saw his surroundings before the entire time chamber disappeared, and Jake found himself standing within an entirely white void reminiscent of those he had been tossed into after doing the Challenge Dungeons.

Just as he appeared, so did a screen pop up in front of him.

Nevermore Leaderboards Challenge successfully completed. Initiating final calculations.

Jake read the message and nodded. Bloody finally.

He waited for more text to appear for a few seconds, but nothing was happening, making him impatiently tap his fingers as he crossed his arms.

“I swear if this messes up any of our timing for finishing…”

“It won’t,” a voice suddenly said as a figure appeared behind him. “While in this space, time is paused, courtesy of the system.”

Turning his head, Jake saw a familiar figure as he smiled. “Didn’t expect the big boss herself to handle these evaluations too.”

“Usually, she doesn’t,” Nevermore answered. “But in some rare cases, I do. Primarily for those who performed well enough for it to be warranted.”

“I guess that’s a way of telling me I did well,” Jake smiled.

“You already know you did well,” Nevermore said. “Now you just need to find out exactly how well.”

The Bound God waved her hand as a screen appeared off to the side, making Jake look over.

“Are you nervous?” Nevermore asked, clearly already knowing the results of everything.

“I feel like I shouldn’t be, but a little bit of nervousness did manage to sneak in. Overall, I wouldn’t say I was, though,” Jake shrugged, pretty sure that was normal.

“Perhaps not for this… but I will give you a courtesy warning that once we are done here, you will be teleported into the Nevermore City square, surrounded by nearly every peak faction of the multiverse, with all eyes on you as Minaga is in charge of announcing the Leaderboards results, making me relatively certain he won’t just allow you to appear without at least a few comments,” she shared kindly.

“… okay, now I might be a little nervous…”

“Good. Now for the part you don’t need to be as nervous about,” the Bound God said as the screen began to be filled with lines of text.

Nevermore Points Leaderboard Calculation:

71 levels gained (204 --> 275). Calculating rewards.

You’ve earned 7100 (100 per level gained) Nevermore Points.

Jake had to jump in here, as 100 points per level just seemed way too low and almost insulting until he remembered how few points the lower floors gave, and with that in mind, maybe this wasn’t so bad. Yeah, he also had to consider he had probably gained way fewer levels than some others, so the extra points per level being shit was-

You will receive an additional 35.5% (0.5% per level gained) multiplier of all Nevermore Points.

Alright, never mind. Levels were still pretty damn fucking important, even for those with a lot of points. An extra multiplier per level gained had not been something Jake expected, that’s for sure. He knew levels would give something, but a percentage multiplier seemed like a bit much. Not that he was going to say no to it, as it would help make his final number even bigger.

And looking at the next three lines, his number did end up being pretty darn big… with even quite the impressive multiplier.

Current Nevermore Points: 2,128,050

Nevermore Points Multiplier: 185.5%

Total Nevermore Points Earned: 6,075,583

“Six million… that feels like a lot of points,” Jake commented as he looked at Nevermore. “Is it a lot of points? Relatively speaking, I mean. I was definitely more confident before I was aware of the multiplier from levels gained. Why is that even so large?”

“Let me start with your final question. The multiplier is as such to even the odds a bit for monsters who are less favored in several of the Challenge Dungeons. Since they tend to gain more levels than the enlightened, this stage benefits them the most, more often than not,” the Bound God answered.

“Makes sense, I guess. Say, since we are done… who got the most levels of everyone?” Jake asked curiously, not at all expecting to actually get an answer.

“The record is 149 levels gained by a monster doing the entirety of C-grade in one go,” she answered.

Jake’s eyes opened wide. “How in the hell…”

“Through means that also result in this very same creature not ever being able to evolve to B-grade. Gaining a lot of levels through ways that destroy one’s foundation is not particularly difficult. Or at least so I’ve been told,” the Bound God, who had been born with near omnipotent powers within the World Wonder, answered. “Also, no, this monster is not on any of the Leaderboards.”

“Alright, who was the one who gained the most levels while also being on the Leaderboards?” Jake changed his question, surprised Nevermore was even sharing this much, which made it even more surprising when she answered this question, too.

“Someone you at the very least heard of. Ghost King Azal managed to gain a total of 112 levels during Nevermore, with more than a third of that earned during the final month,” Nevermore said with a sigh. “Only slightly beating out someone from the Holy Church who earned 108 through a similar trick.”

“… that was an option?” Jake asked. “How the hell did they do it?”

“Treasures bound to them they brought in from the outside. A final resort to try and bring honor to their organizations by sacrificing much of their foundations,” Nevermore shook her head in disappointment.

“Damn,” Jake muttered. “I guess this brings me back to my first question… is six million Nevermore Points a lot?”

Nevermore smiled at him for a moment before a second screen appeared above the first. One with a number on it.

5,991,906

Jake took a second as he pointed. “That’s lower than mine.”

“Brilliant observational skills, truly putting all your Perception to use,” Nevermore shook her head. “This is the current record.”

Hearing this, Jake grinned. “Fuck yeah… totally knew I had him beat.”

No matter how much Jake had tried to distract himself, he had been afraid that somehow, Ell’Hakan still had a higher score. Especially after that whole thing with levels also awarding points and multipliers… though then again, you needed 10 race levels just to get 5% more, so maybe it wasn’t that extreme.

The narrative has been taken without authorization; if you see it on Amazon, report the incident.

Feeling happy, Jake looked at Nevermore as the Bound God shook her head and waved her hand again as a third screen appeared, with yet another number on it.

5,705,821

Jake looked at it for a bit before scratching the back of his head. “Not sure what you’re trying to tell me with that… is it the number 10 on the top ten Leaderboards or something?”

“That’s the score of Ell’Hakan, the one now holding the second place on the Leaderboards in this era.”

“… what?” Jake exclaimed, looking confused as he pointed to the first number that was more than a quarter of a million bigger. “Then that is…?”

“The score set by Yip of Yore last era… the man now holding the second place on the All-Time Leaderboard.”

Jake didn’t have time to say more as a giant slab dropped down from out of nowhere, smashing into the white floor, showing that Nevermore also had a flair for dramatics whenever she wanted. Words began to appear on the slab, as ten names were revealed from the bottom to the top. When Jake saw the full list, he did have to do a double-take, despite Nevermore having already confirmed what was going on.

Nevermore Leaderboards (C-Grade): All-Time

1. Jake Thayne

2. Yip of Yore

3. Monk

4. The Holy Son

5. Anonymous

6. Gwyndyr of the Crimson Flame

7. Anonymous

8. Aurustromoz, Dragon of Gold.

9. Ell’Hakan

10. Ninth Hell Devil

He kept staring at it for a few more seconds as he let it sink fully in. His goal had been to beat Ell’Hakan… and, well, he had definitely done that. An impressive feat in its own right, seeing as he had managed to snag the number 8 – now 9 – spot on the All-Time Leaderboard. One thing did strike him as weird, though, as he looked at the Leaderboard.

“I recognize Gwyndyr, the Holy Son, and I also read about Aurustromoz, the Patriarch of the Regalflight… is everyone on this Leaderboard still alive? Did every person with a top placement in prior eras really all become gods?” Jake asked with confusion.

“Yes,” Nevermore answered. “But you got things a bit mixed up. They are on this particular Leaderboard because they are still alive. You lose your spot if you die, and another may rise and take your place. It happens more than you think, and the two who have been on the list the longest are the Holy Son and the Monk.”

“Who is this Monk?”

“Someone that wished to be anonymous. You can choose your own name on the Leaderboards, not just this one, but also the two outside. Which is something we should address right away… what do you want to be shown as? Do know there are some limits, and the name has to be associated with your Path and Records to be accepted,” the Bound God explained. “Also, if you wish to change your name at any point, you can return to Nevermore and request it.”

Jake looked at the name currently displayed for a bit. He had gone by many things throughout the times… Chosen of the Malefic Viper is probably at the top of that list. Recently, he had been called the Harbinger of Primeval Origins quite a bit, and then there was, of course, the final option: the Primal Hunter. All of these were possible choices, and he kind of wanted to go with the final one… but not yet. For now, he would simply let it be.

“Jake Thayne is fine,” he said, shaking his head. Others also tended to use their names based on what he saw, and no need to break that pattern.

“As you will,” Nevermore agreed with a nod. “In that case, allow me to be the first to formally congratulate you for your performance within the World Wonder. It has been a pleasure to have you visit.”

Smiling, Jake nodded and acknowledgment. “It’s been a long but pleasant stay. For the most part, anyway… you could do away with the water levels.”

“I’ll be sure to pass on your feedback. But before you go, two more things. Let’s first get the easy one out of the way,” Nevermore said, and with a single wave of her hand, Jake felt as if power rushed through his body. Everything tingled for a moment, Jake nearly feeling like he was using his boosting skill. Except he didn’t, and quickly, everything returned to normal.

Jake raised a hand as he opened it and closed it into a fist a few times. He realized what had happened and quickly checked his system messages as he grinned.

Titled gained: Peerless Conqueror of Nevermore

Peerless Conqueror of Nevermore – Throughout the ages, few have stood at the true pinnacle of an Era. Even fewer have stood above even this at the true apex, dominating all eras prior. Attain first place on the All-Time Nevermore Leaderboards, proving yourself a Peerless Conqueror of Nevermore. Only one Nevermore Performance title can be held at a time. As a Peerless Conquerer of Nevermore, you are a master of dungeons, increasing stats gained from Dungeoneer and Dungeon Pioneer titles by 50%. +15% All Stats.

15% to all stats was… a lot. Coupled with the title he had gained from the Challenge Dungeons, he was up to a 20% bonus to all stats from Nevermore total. He also noted the part about only being able to have one Nevermore Performance title at a time, which was apparently different from the Nevermore Dungeon titles.

Then there was the other effect of getting more stats from his Dungeoneer and Dungeon Pioneer titles. This effect was, currently, honestly kind of shit. Jake only got 65 stats from his Dungeoneer XV title in the first place, and even with a 50% boost, that only became 97. However, it was the kind of title that would keep getting better the further Jake progressed. Maybe it sucked now, but if he managed to also max out his Dungeon Pioneer, it would give a respectable amount. In later grades, it would also keep adding more and more. Plus, with Jake’s quite frankly ridiculous percentage amplifiers to stats, any raw base stats held immense value.

“That’s a nice title right there,” Jake grinned and looked at Nevermore. “Thanks.”

“Do not thank me; you earned it through your own merit,” the Bound God answered, returning his smile. “Now, the final thing before we say our farewells… there are no item rewards, as everything was put into the title and the items rewarded from the Challenge Dungeons. Usually, those who perform really well do not really need any equipment either, just leading to lost work for crafters if we gave out such things. But there is still an extra exclusive reward I will offer you, granted by the system due to… unique circumstances.”

Without any pre-cursor, a small bottle appeared, floating just within reach of Jake. Confused, Jake used Identify on it.

[Bottle of Restoration (Unique)] – Restores Primal Origin Energy. Must be consumed before fully leaving Nevermore.

Jake took a bit to realize what this item was… and he felt almost disappointed. Had the system just decided to officially name his Jake Juice?

“To clarify something, the description you see may not reflect any true names,” Nevermore clarified.

“Oh, good,” Jake sighed with relief. “Then there is still hope for it to be called Jake Juice.”

“You know, that isn’t even impossible. If that is the name the energy gets known by, and it becomes cemented in its Records, that will be of the official name any who sees it will see.”

“:.. on second thought, maybe I shouldn’t call it Jake Juice, though that would be extremely hilarious,” Jake smiled as he took the bottle. He had to drink it now, so… “Bottom’s up.”

Drinking the liquid inside, Jake didn’t really feel anything. It also just tasted like plain water, having no real taste. However, when he sought deep within himself, he felt it. The hidden “pool” of energy had just gotten a huge infusion, and even if it had gotten pretty damn big already after he had gained so many levels over the last decade, he now had more than even before his fight with Valdemar. A lot more, in fact.

“With this, I believe your journey through Nevermore has fully come to an end… at least for now. Though I have the feeling your next visit will be a bit more relaxed with none of the time pressure of competition,” the Bound God said with a final smile.

“See you again,” Jake nodded.

“Perhaps.,” Nevermore said. “Now, prepare yourself as Minaga has prepared quite the stage for your arrival. Oh, and one more thing, would you be fine with your number one All-Time placement being shared?”

“Sure,” Jake shrugged, not seeing the harm. He was already the top of the era, no need to avoid sharing he was the top of every era.

“Very well, I’m sure that will create some wonderful political turmoil.”

Jake tried to say more, but before he could, the world warped around him as he was tossed out of Nevermore.

There was quite a lot to take in as Jake appeared in the central square. Instinctively, he quickly shot out a Pulse of Perception, only to get overwhelmed by how much information he had to sort through. There were so many goddamn people, many of which he knew. Then, there were well over a hundred gods hidden all around, mixed with the crowd.

Jake stood atop the building belonging to the Order of the Malefic Viper, with Viridia right in front and the Fallen King right beside him. Looking up, he saw Minaga dramatically float in the air, gazing down at Jake with a grin.

“Well, I guess we should redo a few things, seeing as things have… shuffled a bit,” Minaga smiled. Out of the corner of his eye, Jake spotted a fading beam of light that had been upon a building belonging to the Holy Church, and he saw the Saintess who had been in a party with Ell’Hakan glare daggers at him. It wasn’t hard to notice who he had bumped down from the top 10.

“Join me in welcoming my personal bane, the one who ruined much of my confidence in dungeon design, and our new top dog of Nevermore! Jake Thayne!” Minaga announced loudly as music began playing.

Jake just stood there and stared, happy as hell he was wearing his mask, as everyone began clapping while staring at the giant projection of his visage in the sky.

“Oh, wait, I nearly forgot!” Minaga suddenly cut the music. “I guess I failed to clarify what I meant by top dog… because I’m not just talking about this era. It’s with pleasure I can announce that for the second era in a row, the All-Time record has been broken!”

Viridia stared at Jake as the Fallen King looked unsurprised. Minaga started back up the music, louder than ever, as even more attention fell on Jake, now also from a shitload of gods…

Maybe I should also have just gone with Anonymous…

At least Jake thought so for a moment… until he saw him from across the square. A single orange humanoid stared at Jake with a look of genuine shock, at least for a second, before Ell’Hakan managed to hide it. So, yeah, maybe this level of flexing hadn’t been that bad of a call, as he could at least smack down the ego of that orange fuck with his own even larger, superior ego.




***
Chapter 877: Something Worth Celebrating


***






Vilastromoz just leaned back and smiled, still within the streaming room that was now just showing the Nevermore City square and all of Minaga’s antics. Well, one of Minaga’s clones anyway, as the god was also still in the room with a god clone.

”Man, ain’t that host the most handsome Unique Lifeform you’ve ever seen? His presentation skills are also just through the roof!” Minaga praised himself loudly. They were all waiting for the grand reveal… and soon it did when his clone announced the dramatic twist of one more person appearing.

To many of the mortals in the square, it was perhaps a surprise… but to the gods in the living room, they had just waited for this to happen. They had watched Jake and his party for the last many years, and they knew how well he had done. For him to not even have been on the top 10 made it clear to everyone that he would appear at some point for a grand announcement.

Something he did… making Vilastromoz grin even more. The Wyrmgod and Minaga’s clone both looked at him as Jake appeared and his performance was revealed.

”Congratulations,” the Wyrmgod said with a slow nod. ”A joyous occasion.”

”Found a good one, huh?” the Blightfather said, acknowledging Jake’s achievement.

”A fortunate and earned victory,” the Holy Mother said, also showing her respects.

”Glad to see he did well,” the Nature’s Attendant added happily. ”For little Dina to have been in the same party as the new champion of the All-time Leaderboards… it was a good decision to have her join him. Thank you, Vilas.”

The Viper just smiled back at the second-in-command of the Pantheon of Life. ”She pulled her weight; you have nothing to thank me for.”

”But I do,” his father-in-law insisted. ”I expected him to do well, but this still exceeds it. The impact on her future will be felt for certain, and she has been granted a great boon. She was even on the top 100 of the Era’s Leaderboards, doing far better than I thought possible.”

”Well, in either case, you shouldn’t be thanking me, but Jake,” the Viper shook his head.

”I will make sure to,” the god nodded as he turned to Artemis. ”What say you, shouldn’t we have him visit the Pantheon of Life once he is available? I am certain Ygg will also want to see him. We should probably wait a little, though… let things calm down a bit.”

”My image already effectively extended an invitation within the Colosseum of Mortals, and I’m sure the Malefic One’s Chosen is more than aware he has an open invitation standing,” the archer god responded, sounding a bit more confident than before, having gotten quite used to being in the presence of so many far more powerful gods over the last nearly two decades.

”Well, he strikes me as the sort to easily forget things, so perhaps we should remind him,” Nature’s Attendant commented.

”I’ll do it for you, no problem,” Vilastromoz waved it off as he looked at Artemis and smiled. ”I have a feeling he wants to visit anyway. I heard something about archery lessons.”

Artemis averted her gaze as the Viper just grinned. This was fun, and he was feeling pretty damn good right now about how everything was going.

”Ya done talking? Finally! Anyway, bloody well knew he would do it,” Valdemar grinned as he waved his hand. ”And if it ain’t a feat that calls for a proper celebration. Drinks are on me!”

A large keg appeared, and the god held it up and yelled toward all the observing gods. ”Hey! Get over here already; grab a mug!”

Receiving a direct invitation from a Primordial was not something any of the many observing gods would ever refuse. Quite the opposite, as they reveled in the opportunity. Many gods went by and offered their congratulations to the Viper for how well his Chosen had done, which Vilastromoz gladly accepted.

Everyone got their mugs of ale one after another, and the Viper saw no reason not to accept as he joined in on the festivities and grabbed a mug. Raising up a mug of his own, Valdemar spoke loudly as he infused his voice with energy. ”To Jake Thayne and a new record!”

With that, he downed the entire mug, joined by a few others, who only a second or two later stumbling back as the alcohol brewed to be strong enough for a Primordial to get drunk entered their system. Vilastromoz also had a taste, and he found the taste quite pleasant, even if it did carry too spicy of an aftertaste for the otherwise sweet initial impression.

For once, the Viper simply enjoyed the moment. There was cause for celebration, after all. Jake and the Viper both had things to celebrate… while a certain other pair of Chosen and Patron were probably feeling quite the opposite.

Jake defeating Ell’Hakan on the Leaderboards had most definitely been within their margin of error for the story the two were trying to spin. Either they would spin one story where Ell’Hakan beat Jake and would thus begin his comeback to either defeat or turn Jake to the ”good side.”

Or, the other possible path was for Jake to win, in which case Ell’Hakan would remain the underdog… the problem was that Jake hadn’t just beaten Ell’Hakan. He had beaten both of them. The announcement Jake had also beaten Yip of Yore was a brilliant strategic move by Jake – certainly made entirely accidentally – as it helped undermine the god who sought to become the first slayer of a Primordial.

It was publicly known, at least among the gods, that Yip held the top spot before. That he was the greatest genius of the multiverse, and for the top genius, what were truly his limits? As an unrivaled genius, it was only natural he would keep improving, perhaps to one day even become strong enough to slay the Malefic Viper. To slay the Primordial who had kept hidden away for so long and was, in the eyes of many, the weakest of the twelve.

Now… now he was no longer the top genius. Jake had stolen that throne – that legend. Ell’Hakan was also troubled now, for he was no longer just the underdog fighting another Chosen genius; he was fighting the top genius. Was he even qualified anymore to challenge Jake? So much doubt had been sown with that one announcement.

And doubt was the biggest enemy of those two storytellers. They needed certainty and steadfast belief in the legend they tried to spin, not potential confusion and people questioning the validity and possibility of their claims.

All in all, Jake had performed damn well, and Vilastromoz definitely owed him a beer. Not just in regards to the stuff with Yip… the Viper also had to thank him for the personal rewards he got from having his Chosen be the new holder of the top spot on the All-Time Leaderboards.

Stolen from its original source, this story is not meant to be on Amazon; report any sightings.

Ell’Hakan held a stoic expression as the Unique Lifeform known as Minaga announced the arrival of the Viper’s Chosen. This was not an unexpected turn of events, as he and his Patron had already discussed the possibility of the Viper’s Chosen doing extremely well within Nevermore.

On a personal note, he did find it disappointing that he lost to the human. Ell’Hakan had done his utmost within the World Wonder, even beating the other Chosen in regard to how many floors he had completed. What was perhaps even more infuriating was that Ell’Hakan had genuinely started to believe he would take the top spot.

When he announced his Challenge Dungeon’s multiplier, none had surpassed, only tied him. This gave him the false belief there was a good chance the Viper’s Chosen hadn’t surpassed him either. If he had, why wouldn’t he have revealed it? Getting a 100% multiplier would have led to much prestige in its own right, so even if he had failed to take the Era’s Pinnacle spot, he would have won at least a minor victory.

Due to this lack of an announcement, Ell’Hakan proceeded with the assumption the other Chosen had equaled his score at best. This meant the next years after the Challenge Dungeons would be crucial. In order to get a leg up, he had even prepared a welcome party on the city floor after floor seventy-five to receive the Viper’s Chosen and have him waste some time dealing with them while trying to sow discord within his group. However, Ell’Hakan never even heard of him appearing on the city floor, his rival having just skipped right past it to proceed to the next floor.

Even so, Ell’Hakan just focused on himself and his own party. Sure, they ended up losing a member, but the one who died could only blame himself, and Ell’Hakan’s Patron would handle any blowback from the god backing his fallen party member.

He had kept doing his utmost until the very end, where he at least had the foresight to make sure he would finish before the Viper’s Chosen. There were only upsides to this; if he did ultimately win, finishing first would block the Chosen of the Malefic Viper. Meanwhile, if he lost, he would at least still get the title. A title that was most certainly nothing to be scuffed at.

Era’s Conquerer of Nevermore – You have done what few could ever hope to achieve: proven yourself the pinnacle of an entire Era. No matter how brief the achievement or how fleeting this position is, this accomplishment can never be taken away from you. Attain first place on the Era Nevermore Leaderboards, proving yourself an Era’s Conqueror of Nevermore. Only one Nevermore Performance title can be held at a time. As an Era’s Conquerer of Nevermore, you are a near-unrivaled expert of dungeons, increasing stats gained from Dungeoneer and Dungeon Pioneer titles by 40%. +10% All Stats.

It was a truly great title that Ell’Hakan was more than pleased to have achieved. He was fully aware that if the Viper’s Chosen and he did not share a generation, Ell'Hakan would truly have no equal… but then again, perhaps he was only as powerful as he was because of the Primordial’s Chosen. It helped Ell’Hakan push himself further and truly seek to be the pinnacle of this generation… no, this entire era.

All in due time.

As the light beam descended upon the newly arrived Chosen of the Malefic Viper, and Minaga announced how he had won, Ell’Hakan saw the shift on the Leaderboards as his own position fell one. Clenching his fists, he maintained his composure, even if the situation didn’t particularly-

”… I failed to clarify what I meant by top dog… because I’m not just talking about this era. It’s with pleasure I can announce that for the second era in a row, the All-Time record has been broken!”

For a moment, Ell’Hakan let his expression drop as he stared toward the Chosen of the Malefic Viper in the distance, and for a moment, he met the eyes of the other Chosen before regaining his wits.

This… was not part of the plan, and Ell’Hakan cursed internally as he knew they would have to shift and adapt the narrative even more… potentially toward a direction Ell’Hakan was truly not a fan of.

Jake remained as composed as he could while the music blared, and all eyes were on him. He wasn’t sure what he was supposed to do or say. When he had done the Chosen Ceremony, he at least had a game plan and could prepare himself, but now he was just thrown onto what was effectively a stage. Should he say something? Smile and wave?

It didn’t get better when people started to actually fucking clap, as Viridia stood right behind him with her head slightly bowed and an incredibly happy grin on her face. Jake also saw Farleigh, the vampire patriarch, making him want to say hi, but the situation didn’t seem to allow it. The Fallen King noticed Jake’s discomfort and sent him a quick mental message to assist.

“No need to act. Simply be. Remain stoic and reveal no emotion. Just maintain a straight back and forward-looking eyes to exude confidence. You are the Chosen of the Malefic Viper, and someone recognized as the most talented genius of this generation, if not the entire era. To you, this result is naught but a meeting of your expectations.”

Jake took the words to heart as best he could as he did just that. He simply stood there and let everyone observe him as they clapped. It felt unnatural to him, but seemingly no one else thought so. Seconds passed, and with every moment, Jake really hoped something would happen… maybe Valdemar could swoop down and kidnap him to try and force Jake to join Valhal? Yeah, that would definitely be preferable to his current situation.

Luckily, Minaga continued before things got too awkward.

“Alright, calm down people. It’s just someone breaking a record that has existed for a few billion years and beating every single other living being who has ever competed on the Nevermore Leaderboards. No big deal,” Minaga said in a lighthearted tone before he turned a bit more serious.

“All jokes aside, the overall performance surpassing that of previous eras should only bring us joy. It’s representative of the growing base of Records supporting every faction and individual through the continued expansion of the system. Represents progress on a wider scale. Jake Thayne is simply the one standing atop a new generation that will be the first to lead us into the ninety-third era. These C-grades you see before you represent the future of every faction. They represent possibilities of Paths never seen before and even more new Records to populate this multiverse.

“Finally, to the ones who do not find their names on a Leaderboard despite hoping so, do not see this as a failure you should take to heart. You were beaten by the strongest generation ever, one you are still a part of. The Path to godhood is no sprint, and to try and reach ultimate power is an endless trek. You are still in the early stages of walking that Path. So, if you believe what you did was a failure, don’t. Become a success to show the multiverse what you are capable of, as it’s your future that defines you… and if you ascend to godhood, no one will give a damn that you did horribly in Nevermore while still a C-grade.”

Minaga was surprisingly wholesome as he spoke some words of encouragement to everyone, especially those who may be feeling dejected after realizing they hadn’t qualified for the Leaderboards. Looking at the Fallen King, the Unique Lifeform sent him a quick answer. “I got top 100 on the Universe Leaderboards and top 250 on the Era one.”

He didn’t sound disappointed, so Jake just nodded as Minaga seemed to finally be ending his presentation.

“Anyway, time to wrap things up. Thank you all for coming to this little ceremony of ours to celebrate the next generation and the revelation of the Leaderboards. Quite an eventful one this time around, eh? I hope you all enjoyed the show and will continue to revel in all the amenities of Nevermore City during your stay. Goodbye for-“

Suddenly, Minaga stopped as his eyes went wide, and he yelled loudly.

“Wait! How is this even possible!? There was one more!?”

A beam of light descended from above, and Jake stared over along with many others as he saw the new arrival…

Which was a Minaga clone wearing a funny hat while holding a sign saying “made you look," with a dumb grin on his face

“Gets them every time,” Minaga grinned as he bowed. "Toodle-oo!"

With that, Minaga disappeared along with all of the beams of light and projected figures. Jake also felt much of the attention on him begin to fade as he subtly breathed out a sigh of relief. Now that everything was finally done with, Jake was just looking for a way to get out of there… until the words of Viridia washed away all hope.

“Congratulations, truly. You have brought honor to the Malefic One and the Order of the Malefic Viper, and I cannot even hope to begin to express my gratitude,” she sent. “Now, are you ready to meet the others?”

Jake looked at her and sent back. “Meet the others?”

“Ah, you perhaps weren’t aware. It’s customary for all of the top performers of the Leaderboards to have a get-together after the rankings have settled down a bit,” she politely explained as Jake realized he was still not yet free, as he faced one of his most dreaded challenges: forced social interaction with strangers.




***
Chapter 878: A Little Get-Together


***






If Jake was being perfectly honest, he had hoped to just quickly bail and get out of Nevermore City as soon as it was convenient. He would first want to visit the Order and check everything was good there before making his way back to Earth, where he was certain quite a few changes had also taken place. After his Chosen Ceremony and all that had happened surrounding that, this was pretty much a given, and he hoped Miranda hadn’t been too overwhelmed.

However, it appeared that was not an option, and Jake ended up following Viridia and the Fallen King to a large conference hall of sorts. When Viridia had said this after-party was for the top performers on the Leaderboards, she didn’t just mean those from the Era Leaderboard. In fact, those from the Universe one were far more interesting to have there due to their newness to the multiverse.

As Viridia explained it telepathically while they walked over there:

”It has long been known the most effective way to forge an alliance and recruit new members is through first creating a positive relation between a member of your faction and the one you want to recruit. While it may sound cynical, the objective is to effectively use friendship to convince someone to join a faction. This is especially true when it comes to those from the new universe, as they often have a difficult time relating to a large faction, while the bond between themselves and another individual is far from comprehensible.”

”To be clear, you are not actually expecting me to do any recruitment or alliance-forging, right?” Jake wanted to clarify before he arrived at the conference hall.

”Not actively. Your mere performance will serve as a recruitment tool in its own right, and many factions and unaffiliated individuals are already showing much interest. This is a time when the Malefic Viper is making his comeback to the multiverse, and your performance in Nevermore will be their first impression of him. They will see that only a few years after his return, he already has a Chosen who has proved himself a talent at the pinnacle, which is about as good of a showing one can have.”

”So… what am I even meant to do?” Jake asked, genuinely unsure. ”I don’t see it doing the Order much good for me to be in a room with Ell’Hakan alone. While we can’t fight due to being in Nevermore City and all, there is a good chance we will enter a battle of words… and as much as I hate to admit it, I don’t think that’s a fight I’m gonna win.”

Viridia was silent for a moment before answering. ”I cannot tell the Chosen what to do… but I would avoid getting into any squabbles needlessly. You have nothing to prove and only prestige to lose if you engage with the other Chosen. Let others handle Yip’s Chosen, and simply try to learn about and maybe even get to know the other top performers, especially those from your universe. Information is scarce on them. It also won’t hurt to get to know young talents from the other large factions, as there is a good chance you may reencounter many of them in the future during your adventures. The system has a tendency to push talents together, either directly through system events or in subtler ways none can truly understand.”

”In other words, you’re telling me to try and make friends?” Jake asked, clarifyingly.

”You can view it like that. But more than that, you are there for them to try and make friends with you, as I am certain the majority will be more than happy to approach you. As the Order has not been in the best state for the last many eras, we have adopted a very neutral position in the multiverse, resulting in us having few enemies and allies. This lack of any strong relations means you become more approachable, as doing so won’t lead to any political issues. So I believe it highly probable you will be sought out by most of the talents on the Era Leaderboard.”

”That all sounds very logical and extremely annoying… but fine, I’ll try to play nice,” Jake finally relented.

At least he wouldn’t be alone there. Using a Pulse, he spotted others also making their way toward the conference hall, including his Nevermore party members and quite a few familiar faces from Earth. Arnold was walking with his group of void-related life forms, and surprisingly, they were all headed toward the hall. He also saw Carmen heading there with some people from Valhal. So, yeah, he would have some pleasant company.

”Hey, who exactly will participate? You said people toward the top of the Leaderboards, but I see a lot heading there. Like, a lot,” Jake asked.

”Top 250 on either Leaderboard. With the repeat of names between them, I expect no more than four hundred individuals to participate. Do also note that only you C-grades will take part. The rest of us will be busy in the interim, dealing with other political endeavors,” the S-grade Hall Master patiently explained.

”Got it,” Jake confirmed once more as soon they reached the hall. It was just a large building, with the inside further spatially expanded. Looking to the Fallen King, who had been floating alongside them, Jake gave him a look.

”You got briefed on what’s going on?”

”The vampire gladly did so,” the King answered.

”Thanks for getting him up to speed,” Jake said as he looked at Farleigh, who quietly walked with them on their way there while apparently telling the King what was about to happen.

”It is the least I can do,” he smiled and bowed. ”I’m also uncertain if this information is useful, but I came to learn from an acquaintance of mine that this get-together will be hosted by a trusted person of the Wyrmgod of Nevermore.”

Jake looked at the vampire before sighing. ”Probably Minaga again…”

”That… I cannot rule it out. But I do not believe it is,” the vampire patriarch scratched the back of his head.

”Guess we’ll see.”

Soon standing before one of the entrances, Jake and the Fallen King were already beginning to gather a lot of attention on themselves. Especially Jake, but a Unique Lifeform also gathered interest in its own right. Seeing no reason to stand outside and get ogled, the two of them entered the large venue, as Viridia and Farleigh stayed outside, seeing them off.

Once inside, Jake scanned the area and found a nice empty spot for him to chill at. Throwing the Fallen King a look, the Unique Lifeform gave a small nod and followed him as the two stuck together. Luckily, it wasn’t just the two of them for long as a bird entered the hall and headed straight for Jake.

The Sword Saint also soon walked in before even more familiar faces made their appearance. Arnold and Eron both entered next and after only briefly looking around, headed toward Jake and the others. Jake smiled when he saw Carmen waltz in, and she did not even think twice before splitting off from the others from Valhal to head their way.

Jake had barely said hello to her when he saw two more Earthlings walk in. Both of which he kind of hadn’t expected to see there. It was Maria, the fire archer blessed by Gwyndyr, and Jake’s very own brother, Caleb. Waving them over, Jake soon had gathered quite the group… as Casper also arrived together with a group of Risen that he quickly bailed to walk toward Jake and what had soon become quite the gathering who all had one thing in common:

They were all from Earth.

Jake, Sylphie, Sword Saint, Carmen, Fallen King, Caleb, Maria, Arnold, Casper, and Eron… ten people from a single planet in the new universe. Okay, the Fallen King kind of wasn’t, but he had been revived on the planet, so Jake counted him. This gathering reminded Jake a bit of the get-together they had on Minaga’s City Floor, just without Jacob and Bertram, with the setting also quite a bit different.

This story has been taken without authorization. Report any sightings.

Quite a lot of attention was garnered as their diverse group gathered. So many factions represented in one group were rare to see, and many were throwing them looks as if to find out what this group had in common.

Ell’Hakan had also entered and stood a good distance away with his own gathering of people. Jake just ignored him as he followed Viridia’s advice and acted like the other Chosen didn’t even exist. Which was quite easy as he did a bit of catch-up with old friends and family.

”Who in the hell did you scam to make it into the top 250?” Jake asked Caleb shortly after he arrived.

”You,” Caleb said with a smile. ”At least I’m pretty sure that’s why Umbra suddenly wanted me to join an even better team after the Challenge Dungeons to try and get more Nevermore Points.”

”So what you’re saying is that you owe me big time?” Jake grinned.

”Sure, sure,” his little brother waved him off. ”I would say I’m also surprised to see you take the top spot, and Umbra sure seemed like she was, but honestly, I can’t say I am.”

”Glad to impress an ancient god and meet my little brother’s expectations,” Jake said jokingly.

After a brief talk with Caleb, Jake also briefly checked in with Maria, who had joined a group of followers from the Crimson Flame and apparently done quite well for herself in Nevermore. She did know she had primarily been chosen for her group because it was required to have someone from the new universe in the party, but she still believed she carried her weight.

She also recognized that her relations with Jake made Gwyndyr want to invest more in her. Even if they weren’t close in any way, she was still the closest Gwyndyr had. Jake also learned that the reason everyone had gathered around Jake near-instantly wasn’t just because they liked his company. They had borderline all been told to seek out Jake once in the conference hall, in large part to communicate their faction already had an established bond with him. Bullshit politics that Casper confirmed to be true. Not that Jake particularly cared, and he felt many of them gladly used the excuse of wanting to forge a stronger bond with the top performer on the Leaderboards to chill with all the other Earthlings.

He also asked Eron some stuff and generally just caught up and got a feel as to how others were doing. Carmen mainly complained about her party members disappointing her with how fragile they were while throwing in jabs about a certain Challenge Dungeon that may or may not have contained labyrinths. Besides that, they just shared stories of Nevermore and had a good time.

Arnold was just using their group as cover as he stood and fidgeted with a tablet, not engaging with anyone. Just as Jake expected of him.

All in all, things were chill for a while as the entire hall filled up, and due to the already pretty large group Jake was with, no one really bothered them quite yet. The fact that they hadn’t officially started yet also helped, as people were still arriving.

Soon, there were just shy of four hundred people in the hall… and with that, a magic formation activated that sealed them off from all observers who wanted to spy on them. Jake instantly felt a few dozen observers disappear as it activated, most of which were gods or high-level mortals, as far as Jake could tell.

Shortly after this formation activated, a stage was raised in the middle of the hall and a figure appeared on top of it. Jake looked over and saw the newcomer, who was definitely not a C-grade.

”Welcome, everyone. It’s my pleasure to have you all here, young talents of the multiverse. I will be your host today and am present to ensure everything proceeds calmly and peacefully, and I will also admit that it will be nice to make some new acquaintances I may come to know better in the future,” the man Jake recognized to be… probably A-grade, said.

”Now, I am not much for speeches, but let me still give a small one. One that can also serve as a small warning and food for thought. All of you have already proven yourselves, but do not forget Minaga’s words. You may be exceptional now, but who is to say the same will be true in a few centuries or even just decades if you stop striving to improve? If it’s worth anything… when I was in C-grade, I didn’t even crack the top 1,000,000 on the Leaderboards as far as I could tell. I was just a wyvern back then, trying my best to find my Path, teamed up with a ragtag of others who also didn’t have any trusted comrades. Compared to me back then… you all definitely have a better start on your Paths. Revel in that knowledge, but do not let your momentum and potential go to waste.”

This presenter had shoulder-length silvery hair and a fair, almost androgynous appearance. He wore what looked like an expensive medieval shirt, pants, and boots and looked entirely human outside of his eyes. Rather than pupils, it looked like he had a spinning wheel of lights in there. Again, could still be human, but Jake felt an aura he had gotten quite good at recognizing: that of a dragon.

As Jake looked at the dragon in human form, he also felt an odd sense of pressure. One he could easily resist… but it hit somewhere he hadn’t ever felt be hit before. It wasn’t that of grade suppression or even power, but one born of Records related to something Jake hadn’t expected:

His Blessing.

An Identify quickly confirmed the reason, as Jake realized this was a first.

[Dragon of the Silverstorm Fissure – lvl ??? – True Blessing of the Wyrmgod]

Ignoring the overly long name, this was Jake’s first time ever meeting the Chosen of another Primordial.

”Ah, where are my manners. A few of you seem to have already checked me out yourselves or realized who I am, but allow me to introduce myself: I am known as Silverstorm, Chosen of the Wyrmgod of Nevermore. Currently A-grade, but with hope I will reach S-grade soon. It’s truly a pleasure to meet all of you.”

Jake observed the man closely, and he didn’t have a shadow of doubt in his mind: this Silverstorm was definitely already at the level of a weaker S-grade. Jake also felt that despite his gentle outward appearance and words… he was hiding quite the bloodlust. He was not someone who had reached his current level of power through making labyrinths and crafting but through slaughter.

”Now, let me not delay things anymore. Enjoy, all of you.”

With a clap of his hands, tables appeared all throughout the hall, containing food and beverages. A few dragonkin also entered the hall, and as Jake checked out a few, he saw they were all C-grades and all held Blessings of the Wyrmgod. Jake had expected them to join the get-together but soon realized… they were the catering staff.

The stage in the center also lowered into the ground, just fading into solid matter, as the Chosen of the Wyrmgod returned to ground level. Nearly instantly, he was swarmed by people from the different large factions, and Jake truly knew the dragon’s pain. Living the life of a Primordial’s Chosen wasn’t easy.

”This is going to be so awkward,” Carmen commented after a few seconds. ”Who thought it was a good idea to throw a bunch of strangers into a conference hall? They could have at least set up a dueling ring in the middle or something.”

”Doubt you would find many willing to fight you. All that would do was expose your skills in front of hundreds of potential future rivals,” Caleb shook his head. ”I sure wouldn’t want to fight anyone here.”

”… I hate that you’re probably right,” Carmen mumbled, annoyed. Turning to Jake, she threw him a look. ”So, what’s the supreme genius of our generation going to do?”

”I have absolutely no plans, and I’m currently in full survival mode,” Jake answered, only half-joking.

”Just take it easy and deal with whoever approaches you,” the Sword Saint advised. ”You are the Chosen of the Malefic Viper, and as Carmen said, the top performer on the Leaderboards. It’s only good etiquette they come to you and not the other way around.”

Jake slowly nodded as he looked toward one of the tables right next to them. Reaching out, he sent out a string of mana and pulled a glass to him, not spilling a single drop. ”Well, in preperation for that, I think I’m going to check out if they at least got some proper alcohol.”

”Ree?” Sylphie asked.

”I feel like you shouldn’t,” Jake said as Sylphie asked if she could also have something to drink.

”Ree…” Sylphie screeched dejected.

Jake took a swig of the drink he was holding, and as he felt it burn its way down his throat, he got an idea.

”Alright, alright,” Jake shook his head, and using a bit of mana manipulation, he made a small bubble of the liquid float out of the glass and up toward Sylphie. ”Have a taste.”

Sylphie, with glee, opened her beak and consumed the bubble. Half a second later, she began flapping her wings rapidly while making screeching sounds. Having fully expected this result, Jake had erected a sound-sealing barrier around the two of them while Sylphie learned alcohol maybe wasn’t for her.

Still smiling, Jake saw the Sword Saint motion, making Jake remove the barrier right as Sylphie had also calmed down.

”Approaching on your six,” the old man said.

”I noticed, but kind of hoped he was gonna change his mind,” Jake said while calming down dear Sylphie as he had indeed seen the approaching man. Turning around to meet him, Jake saw the one he recognized as the Demon Prince of the Fourth Hell and third-place finisher on the Leaderboards, trailing only after Jake and Ell’Hakan.

Guess it makes sense the number three approaches me first… though I don’t hope it becomes a pattern.

Something Jake feared it would, as he saw the elemental called Wintermaul throw a look toward Jake’s group, seemingly checking out when they were free next…

This is going to be a long day…




***
Chapter 879: A Proposal From the Heart


***






Jake hadn’t met many demons throughout his time in the multiverse. Even if they were a widespread and diverse race, he just hadn’t really run into many of them outside of the occasional enemy here and there. Outside of dungeons, Irin was the only one he really knew, and she was practically an entirely different species to the Demon Prince of the Fourth Hell.

He had mostly ashen skin with what looked like blue crackled lines across it. As if he had more mana in his body than it could contain. On his forehead was what looked like an amethyst crystal merged with his flesh, veins spreading out from it. The elaborate blue robe he wore was clearly not of poor quality, and overall, he radiated the aura of a rich young master. However, he clearly also had the power to back up his demeanor. The ones with him were four other demons who Jake guessed were from his party, meaning they all made it into the top 250.

Stopping in front of Jake, the Demon Prince smiled and reached out a hand. ”A pleasure to make your acquaintance, Chosen of the Malefic One. Rather than waste your time, let me get straight to it: I have come with an inquiry that I hope you might entertain.”

Jake didn’t reach and grab the other man’s hand right away as he asked. ”What kind of inquiry?”

Pulling back his hand, seemingly not at all offended, the Demon Prince smiled even more than before. ”How you might benefit from assisting us in bringing upon the second coming of the Cerulean Devil.”

… yeah, Jake had no idea who the fuck that was.

This was far from the first time someone walked up to Jake and dropped some kind of grand revelation while looking at him as if he should totally know what the fuck the other party was talking about. How in the hell – pun intended – would he know about some devil that he guessed based on context clues was dead?

Alright, think fast, Jake. Devil is the name demons give to their gods, so likely some dead devil who really liked a slightly off-blue color. Got it… and I guess it’s pretty easy to figure out how he wants me to help.

Keeping his calm, with a great assist from the mask, Jake looked deep in thought for a second. ”I wonder what the Demon Prince might have in mind.”

The demon observed Jake’s reaction for a moment before speaking.

”I guess my name would make things a bit clearer. I am known as the Cerulian Demon or the Demon Prince of the Fourth Hell. I have inherited a fragment of the Crystalized Cerulean Devil’s Heart and the Legacy of the once great ruler of the Fourth Hell,” the Demon Prince answered as he motioned toward the crystal on his forehead. ”All of this is no secret… neither is it a secret that the remaining fragments are not as potent as those that once were.”

”Am I right to assume you are not asking the Chosen of the Malefic Viper, but what people call the Harbinger of Primeval Origins?” Jake asked clarifyingly, already certain about the answer.

”A bit of both, I believe, but that will depend on if you are willing to take up the task and how you would be able to accomplish it. In either case, we, no, I, require your unique talents to do something we believed impossible and that I have cause to believe you may be capable of.”

”Let me take another guess, you want me to use my abilities on one of these Devil Heart Fragments to make it more powerful?” Jake also assumed.

”No… no, not quite; we may have our own methods to do that, even if they are likely more flawed than what you can accomplish,” the Demon Prince shook his head. ”What I want to ask of you is not to empower a fragment of the Crystalized Cerulean Devil’s Heart… it’s to create an entirely new, fully formed Crystalized Ceulean Demon Lord’s Heart using the Records of a fragment… my fragment.”

Jake’s eyes narrowed a bit. ”You want to create a Demon Lord’s Heart with the Records of this Cerulean Devil using that crystal in your forehead? That… sounds risky, to say the least.”

”Of that, I am fully aware. Usually, I also wouldn’t attempt such a thing, but this iteration of Nevermore has offered me a golden opportunity. I am certain you are aware of what this is,” the Demon Prince said as he summoned a familiar-looking item that Jake quickly Identified nearly on instinct.

[Crystalized Demon Lord Heart (Legendary)] – The crystallized heart of a Demon Lord. The immense energy contained within the crystal can be absorbed by any demon, allowing them insight into the heritage of Demon Lords. Grants demonic powers to any item it is fused with. Can be used in a limited number of alchemical products of a demonic nature.

”You, too, have one of these, yes? Or at least someone in your party does,” the demon asked.

Jake nodded slowly. ”I have one.”

Smiling, the Demon Prince admired the heart. ”A Crystalized Demon Lord Heart is usually created through a ritual using a Demon Lord, which inadvertently leads to some of the Records of this particular Demon Lord to enter the crystalized heart. However, look at his heart. It’s pure. Untouched. So brimming with power and Records pertaining to no particular Demon Lord. Now, imagine if all this energy was aligned to the Cerulean Devil. No, not just the energy of this heart… the energy of several hearts, fused together with my fragment into one!”

He radiated ambition as the Demon Prince spoke of his plan, and Jake was… not entirely averse to the idea. In fact, it sounded quite feasible the more the demon talked about it, even if it remained incredibly risky. Moreover, based on what Jake heard, he wouldn’t even need to use his Jake Juice. Arcane energy should be more than good enough as long as he kept everything under control during the fusing process.

Jake also understood why the Demon Prince had approached Jake in particular. It truly hadn’t just been due to his talents as the Harbinger of Primeval Origins – even if that certainly did play a part. It had as much to do with Jake being the Chosen of the Malefic Viper, the greatest alchemist in the multiverse in the eyes of many. Plus, as the Harbinger of Primeval Origins, he had already shown himself capable of similar feats before.

One also had to remember that the Demon Prince likely needed a C-grade to do the ritual. It was similar to how a B-grade blacksmith couldn’t craft weapons for a C-grade, their Records simply not making it possible. So if the Demon Prince wanted to craft this heart to be useable by a C-grade, he would need another C-grade to craft it… and Jake likely looked like the best candidate to do just that.

As for why Jake would accept such a task? Perhaps a better question would be why he wouldn’t. To do a ritual with several legendary hearts and a fragment likely of a rarity above even that was bound to reward a shitload of experience and Records. Plus, it would be a positive diplomatically. And, finally, he did, of course, expect some form of payment. All of this naturally assumed he would succeed.

”So, what say you?” the Demon Prince asked after a few seconds, where Jake looked deep in thought.

”I’m tentatively interested, but I will need to think it over a bit,” Jake said. ”At least if you don’t want me to just try and wing whatever ritual you are planning, more likely than not killing you in the process.”

”I would very much prefer an outcome that does not involve my death,” the demon smiled, at least seeing the humor in Jake’s response. ”That was all I wanted to ask, and I will not take up any more of your time. Congratulations once more on your achievement, and I will be staying here in Nevermore City for a while after this ceremony. If you do accept the task, do be aware it’s time-sensitive in nature and I would much prefer for it to happen before you depart from Nevermore City. I will make sure to have everything prepared … and I will do anything in my power to fulfill any request you may have, should you succeed.”

Stolen content warning: this tale belongs on Royal Road. Report any occurrences elsewhere.

Jake simply nodded. ”I will send a response whether I accept or not before I just leave the city.”

”That is more than I could ask for,” the Demon Prince said with a small bow as he backed away.

It was definitely an interesting proposition, even if Jake had a few doubts… many of which were dispelled by what his brother told him next. ”If you are doubting if you can trust that demon, you definitely can. The Cerulean Demon is part of an old Lineage of very proud demons, and they value verbal contracts nearly as much as written ones. It would quite literally hurt his Path if he went back on his word or tried to deceive you.”

”You seem to know an awful lot about demons,” Jake commented.

”What can I say? They are the best clients and wonderful assassins. Great work ethic all around, and they are one of the few races where the majority love paperwork,” his little brother said with a smile.

”Huh,” Jake muttered. Now that he was thinking about it, Irin did seem a bit too happy with doing administrative tasks…

As Jake was thinking, he was already prepared for the next group of people to approach. The ice elemental, Wintermaul, who had seemingly been waiting for his chance, was just about to make his way over after the Demon Prince left when someone else jumped ahead… someone the C-grade ice elemental would definitely not raise an issue with.

The silver-haired Chosen of the Wyrmgod appeared only a few steps from Jake, space barely affected as he moved through it effortlessly. He looked at Jake as he took a step forward, and Jake’s mind worked at high speeds as he tried to figure out what he was supposed to do or say.

Villy had never coached him on how he should act around other Chosen of high-level gods. Was he supposed to act like they were the gods they represented? Villy talked about that often being the case… but he was also a Chosen, so maybe he should just treat them equally to himself as he wanted to? But then there was the issue of the grade disparity, so… yeah, fuck it, Jake would just act like usual.

Right as Jake was about to greet the other Chosen, the dragon named Silverstorm smiled brightly and reached out to grab Jake’s hand faster than he could react.

”We meet at last!” the dragon said in a jovial tone. ”I have been hoping to finally get a chance to thank you! Ah, and it sure was wonderful to see you take the top spot on the All-Time Leaderboards! I cannot hope to begin to express the debts of my gratitude, my fellow Chosen!”

Jake, completely confused, had no idea what the hell the guy was talking about. ”… why would you want to thank me?”

Had Jake met the dragon before? Nope, definitely not. He would have remembered if he had. He was good at forgetting stuff in his spatial storage, but he tended to remember auras pretty damn well, and this definitely wasn’t an aura he had experienced before.

”Oh… I guess you haven’t been told,” the dragon named Silverstorm said, still looking extremely happy to see Jake, even if he calmed down a bit. ”You’re the reason why I’m the newly selected Chosen of the Wyrmgod, and this little gathering is more or less my first big public appearance.”

Once more, Jake had to search his memory to try and figure out when or how the hell he caused that to happen… but luckily, the dragon quickly saw through his confusion and elaborated.

”Let me clarify. I have carried the Divine Blessing of my Patron for a long time and was one of a dozen or so Chosen candidates, waiting for our Patron to choose one of us,” he began before Jake subtly felt space around them seal off, as it was clear the other Chosen only wanted Jake to hear the next part. ”The thing is… and this part naturally shouldn’t be shared, my Patron is not the best at picking his Chosen. That’s not to say that he is bad when it comes to who he picks, as that would just be putting myself down needlessly. It’s more to do with how and when he picks them.”

”Now you got me curious… and I’m still waiting for why I am the reason you got chosen to be the Chosen,” Jake commented.

”Getting to it,” Silverstorm said as he continued. ”You see, there are nearly always a few Chosen candidates picked, all of us working for our Patron and fulfilling our duties, such as handling the mortal affairs of Nevermore, gathering certain items that are required, recruiting more members, handling politics… all of the things we should not bother the Primordial with. We do all this to assure our Patron can focus on the World Wonder itself, which has led to the minor problem that he can get a bit… engrossed in it.”

Jake was beginning to understand as he wasn’t sure what to feel…

”So, what tends to happen is that all of us candidates kind of end up staying as candidates while he works on the World Wonder… and by the time he decides it’s time to make a selection, we are all dead to the endless march of time. That means the next batch of candidates will be picked and given Divine Blessings, as the Wyrmgod naturally doesn’t want to pick someone as his Chosen without vetting them first, and the cycle continues. To a god who has lived for that long, even the life of an S-grade is short and forgettable, so perhaps this is all understandable. I also just don’t think my Patron cares particularly much about having a Chosen compared to many of the other Primordials, on account of him not really having a faction. However, it seems that seeing an old acquaintance inspired my Patron to select a Chosen rather promptly this time around, with it ultimately being me who was chosen. So for that, I must truly thank you, even if you caused my Blessing simply by existing.”

Remaining silent for a while, Jake still wasn’t sure what to say or feel. But one thing was for sure: ”I don’t think you have anything to really thank me for. Doesn’t look like he picked you as his Chosen without merit.”

Silverstorm was powerful; of that, there was no doubt. As for that entire thing with the Wyrmgod being forgetful… Jake could totally see that happen. Duskleaf had talked so many times about massively long experiments, and for a dungeon engineer in charge of the most popular World Wonder in the multiverse, Jake didn’t doubt the Primordial also kept busy. One could even say that Silverstorm had gotten unlucky to be born just before a new initiation, as that meant the Wyrmgod was even busier than usual. Now, it seemed Jake had somehow turned that misfortune into good luck, though.

”Even if you do not believe you did anything that requires my gratitude, you still have it,” Silverstorm insisted. ”Anyway, I didn’t mean to be overwhelming; I just had to thank you. Oh, and the Wyrmgod did say that he may be interested in seeing if you could assist him in getting a lower-grade Chosen using your unique abilities at a later time. But, as I said before, the Primordial tends to work on pretty broad time scales, so don’t think it will happen any time soon, if ever unless you ascend to divinity.”

”I still think it’s unnecessary to thank me, but you’re welcome about the entire Chosen thing, I guess. As for the other Chosen thing, I won’t make any promises,” Jake said.

”No need for any rush or pressure. Just know that I owe you a favor that I will be sure to repay one day. Now, let me dispel this barrier and let us show the multiverse how great friends the two Chosen of Primordials are,” Silverstorm smiled... perhaps this having been part of his plans all along.

The barrier faded as Jake and Silverstorm shook hands, and the dragon gave the human a nod. ”Thank you for taking the time, and congratulations once more. I hope you enjoy yourself the rest of the day.”

With that, the Wyrmgod’s Chosen left again and promptly got swarmed by interested parties, and almost like clockwork, Wintermaul was right there to also greet Jake. At least that’s what Jake thought he was there to do… until he noticed the elemental wasn’t really that fixated on him. Instead, he was far more interested in Sylphie from the looks of it.

Wintermaul had slightly changed his form even more and now looked like a human with extremely pale skin, wearing a fur coat of sorts. His body was still made of pure mana, and the subtle signs of ice and frost could still be seen here and there, but he could easily pass for a human from a distance. A human that was definitely also an ice mage.

”I greet thee, Chosen of the Malefic One, and I bring congratulations for your accomplishment,” the ice elemental said to Jake as he came over with a small bow.

”A pleasure,” Jake nodded. ”I should congratulate you for your impressive performance as the top-scoring monster of the era.”

”Your words bring me honor,” the elemental said, very much going through the usual pleasantries. ”If I may, would it be possible to speak to your companion?”

Jake already knew who the elemental was talking about, and he just shrugged. ”Depends on if she wants to talk to you.”

She was definitely interested, though, as Sylphie also stared at the ice elemental. For a bit, they both seemed to evaluate something about the other before Wintermaul finally spoke. ”The Sovereign of Ice greets the Sovereign of Wind.”

”Ree,” Sylphie responded as the elemental nodded. ”Your authority is strong indeed. Impressive.”

Jake decided to just sit back for once and observe as the two of them communicated a bit back and forth, seemingly discussing elemental magic stuff. It was nice that Jake wasn’t the center of attention for once, especially after talking to the Demon Prince and Wyrmgod’s Chosen. Especially the other Chosen had been mentally taxing to deal with. So, to see the elemental and semi-elemental talk was a nice break, and he was happy Sylphie seemed to be making a new friend. Yep, definitely a good turn of-

”Your power truly makes you worthy, and so do I believe I have chosen myself worthy. Join hands with me, as my empress, and I, your emperor, and may our offspring be-”

And just like that, Jake was about to break the rule of no fighting in Nevermore City.




***
Chapter 880: An Unexpected Encounter


***






Jake took a second to process what the hell the elemental had just said, and before he could even do that, he felt bloodlust radiate from behind him. This shook Jake back to reality as his own aura also unconsciously leaked, joining that of three others.

Carmen had been the first to stare daggers at the elemental, seemingly ready to pounce, but, to Jake’s slight surprise, the Fallen King and Sword Saint also showed their clear displeasure as they looked ready to assist Carmen should she attack.

However, before any of them could do or say anything, Sylphie proved that she didn’t need anyone to stand up for her, as she made a no-nonsense reply.

”Ree.”

The elemental was taken aback, partly by Sylphie’s screech and partly by the four C-grades seemingly ready to turn him into slushed ice. Still, he managed to keep his head cool as he focused on Sylphie.

”Please do not take offense. It would be an honor for you to join hands with me. We are both holders of autho-”

”Ree.”

”Such a reply is shortsighted and-”

”Ree.”

”… what?”

”Ree, ree, ree. Ree,” Sylphie explained as the bird stood perched on nothing in mid-air.

Surprisingly, Wintermaul looked deep in thought for a moment before he tried one last time. ”I… I can change, or we can maybe find a solution…”

”Ree,” Sylphie shook her head, making the poor ice elemental look dejected.

”Alas, it seems we are not meant to conjoin our Paths. I apologize if I overstepped… I did not mean to make anyone uncomfortable or make any enemies.”

Turning to Jake, who was still looking at Wintermaul with narrowed eyes, the elemental bowed. ”I congratulate you on your brilliant accomplishment and shall take my leave before I make a further fool of myself.”

With that, the elemental backed away, as Jake, the Fallen King, Sword Saint, and Carmen didn’t let him leave their sight before he was far enough away.

”I swear, if not for those rules,” Carmen muttered as she unclenched her fists.

”An uncalled-for proposal,” the Sword Saint also said with a hidden anger in his voice.

”Such arrogance for an inferior being that dares approach one superior to himself,” the Fallen King also chimed in, clearly not being entirely honest with himself as he tried to hide his protective nature of the little hawk.

As for Jake… well, he briefly considered the possibilities of marking Wintermaul and tracking him down in the ninety-third universe to have a ”conversation” around boundaries and social etiquette, but that didn’t appear to be necessary.

Sylphie had handled the situation surprisingly well, and while the knowledge did make Jake a bit uncomfortable, she clearly understood what the elemental had asked. Her response had also genuinely sounded like she considered the offer carefully before rejecting it. With brilliant Sylphie-level arguments, too.

”So… not to butt in, but I have no idea what Sylphie’s screeches meant,” Caleb muttered, having not yet learned to speak Sylphian Hawk, something perfectly understandable, as it took a bit to get used to the nuances of the complicated language.

”She just kindly explained to the ice elemental why they could never work out,” Jake said, shaking his head.

”And that explanation was?”

”He’s too cold, hard, and spiky to make a proper nest, and Sylphie only likes to sit in cozy and warm places, making them incompatible,” Jake explained to his little brother. ”Plus, he didn’t even have any feathers. Which is apparently a deal-breaker to her.”

”Ree,” Sylphie confirmed with a firm screech.

”I… I see,” Caleb said, looking at Sylphie and then back at Jake. ”I guess that works.”

”Sure as fuck hope it did,” Carmen added in, throwing a final glare toward the elemental. ”I don’t hope for that icy bastard he decides to try again somewhere without a Primordial keeping watch. Then again, I do like crushed ice in my drinks.”

”Him trying again does appear like it would be an unwise decision,” Caleb agreed as he glanced at the four people who had been ready to start a major conflict over an elemental who had absolutely no flirting game.

The atmosphere in their group had gotten a bit more tense than before due to the visit of the elemental, but it soon calmed down again as Jake gave Sylphie some well-deserved scratches for dealing with the situation well.

Even if Sylphie was more than fifty years old by now and was to many definitely an adult, Jake still thought she was too young to get into any committed relationships quite yet. Then again, to Jake, she would always be the little fluffy ball of feathers that would run away whenever he took out his cauldron, screeching bloody murder.

As things were calmer, they also got to speaking more internally, as Jake finally got to catch up with Casper his old buddy. And it turned out his friend had a favor to ask.

”So, you know how the Prima Guardian is descending on Earth in a few years?”

”Still got a system notification hidden away somewhere about it,” Jake nodded.

”Well, so do I, which is kind of the reason I’m asking. There is good reason to believe there will be some unique rewards from the event, and not participating would kind of suck, so could you maybe hook me and some others up with a way back to Earth? Just for the event,” Casper asked, seemingly a bit nervous about making the request.

”Of course,” Jake said. ”Shit, if you want to stay afterward, that would also be fine. It’s ruled by a council of sorts now, and there are already plenty of immigrants there, so one would notice a bunch of Risen also settling there again.”

Unauthorized duplication: this narrative has been taken without consent. Report sightings.

”Thanks for the offer, but we’re quite happy with what we got going on,” Casper answered. ”We have quite a nice hidden world set up by now on our floating piece of rock. New Yalsten, we call it. It will take some time, but with the root you gave me, I think we can regrow the tree again and turn it into a proper mystic realm.”

”Fair enough,” Jake nodded. ”Guess I’ll have to visit one day.

”One day,” Casper smiled. ”Right now, it’s still very much closed off to outsiders. I could still get you in, but honestly, there isn’t much going on there. Unless you want a lengthy lecture in Dungeon Engineering and the work that went into creating New Yalsten, that is.”

”You know what? I think I’m good,” Jake smiled.

”To add, I will also be returning for the event,” Eron suddenly said as he had overheard their conversation. ”For the same reasons, too.”

”I also heard that some people from the Holy Church, including the Augur, will return,” Maria added further. ”Wouldn’t be surprised if most people try to return to their native planets to try and reap some rewards.”

”Sounds like we’ll have quite the gathering,” Jake smiled. At this point, he kind of felt bad for this poor Prima Guardian. Imagine arriving on a planet only to be met with Jake and all the others standing there, ready to pounce… definitely didn’t sound like a fun time.

”Speaking of having quite the gathering,” the Sword Saint said after a bit. ”I believe I have a few people I should seek out. I sense two others who also carry the Blessing of my Patron, and it would be rude not to at least go say hi.”

”Yeah, I think I should regroup with Azal, too. By the way, I asked if he wanted to speak to you directly, but he didn’t seem keen on the idea,” Casper said as he shook his head. ”He did something very dumb to try and get a higher spot on the Leaderboards, and I don’t think he is feeling good that you pushed him out of the top 5.”

Jake nodded as he remembered what Nevermore had said about Azal. He had been the one to gain the most levels out of everyone, but only by making a dumb sacrifice that would likely hurt his future. Jake was a bit too curious, though.

”What exactly did he do to gain so many levels?” he asked, knowing full well there was a good chance Casper couldn’t or wouldn’t respond.

Casper sighed. ”I probably shouldn’t share this, but fine. The weapon he carries around is a powerful mythical sword he made himself, and with it, he can absorb spirits and souls to increase its power and use them as resources for certain skills. However,  at the end of Nevermore, he chose to do a pre-prepared ritual to absorb and destroy all of the spirits he had gathered not just throughout Nevermore but since he made the sword right after he evolved. Repairing the sword will be expensive as hell and take a long time, and his Records took quite the hit, but I think he can recover, though it won’t be easy. He isn’t a bad guy, and it does suck, but he cares way too much about the honor of the Risen and all that. At least he can take solace in having beaten every person from the Holy Church, even if I heard they did something similar. All in all, as I said… he did something dumb, in my opinion.”

”I see,” Jake said, as the others had also listened intently.

What Azal had decided to do was similar to if Jake had done a ritual to absorb all the curse energy inside of Eternal Hunger. Well, alright, it would also require Jake to have a Path that revolved around curses far more, but if he did, absorbing all the curse energy to gain a lot of levels would technically have been possible. It would be stupid and lead to a shaky foundation and a limited, if not ruined future, but it would have been an option.

These thoughts also inadvertently made the face of a young half-elf pop into Jake’s head as he shook his head to dispel the thoughts. What Azal had done wasn’t even close to the same level as Temlat.

”Anyway, enjoy,” Casper said as he left a few seconds later after he gave Jake time to process what he’d said. ”Oh, and I will now have to also share some details about you with Azal to make things fair. Like the fact you are still walking about with the curse-version of a nuclear bomb in the form of a katar.”

”Fair enough, not exactly a secret,” Jake smiled as he saw his old coworker and friend off. It was still a bit weird that Casper had turned into a pale undead, but alas, what can you do about it?

With Casper gone, Jake just took the time to observe the hall a bit using his sphere. Carmen and the Fallen King were talking as they compared if his claws or her fists were tougher, and Eron and Arnold had somehow ended up standing and staring at a tablet together as the healer motioned and pointed at the screen, with Arnold giving short responses.

Meanwhile, Maria talked to Jake’s brother, leaving just Jake and Sylphie, the bird enjoying the relaxing downtime. Elsewhere in the room, groups had also gathered and talked, with a huge group around Ell’Hakan, pretty much as far away from Jake and the other Earthlings as possible. Silverstorm was with a woman with golden hair and horns, which he recognized as the princess from the Regalflight and fifth-place finisher. Together with the two of them was also the seventh-place finisher, the Disciple of Heartsoul Daolord, a young girl who looked barely in her teens, though she was definitely far older in reality. He had a good feeling he would get to talk to them later, and based on how they threw some glances his way occasionally, he even got the feeling they were talking with Silverstorm about him.

Jake had been a bit surprised Dina hadn’t gone over to say hi yet, but he soon saw why not, as she chatted with a few people he presumed to be members of the Pantheon of Life and United Tribes. More accurately, the wolf who took the ninth spot on the Era Leaderboards, Grimclaw Noxmane. Jake did know that the United Tribes and Pantheon of Life had a close relationship, so it made sense she was doing a bit of politicking. He also saw the beast that reminded him a bit of the Great White Stag with this group, along with several other beasts and beastkin who had all placed highly.

Speaking of beasts, Jake had to check an extra time before he found another person of interest. Lopas, the sloth-like beast and fourth-place finisher of the universe and eighth in the era, was currently sleeping under a table, having taken one of the tablecloths to cover himself.

To that, Jake could only show respect. He was a sloth who knew what he wanted, and what he wanted was apparently to just be left alone and sleep. Jake also looked a bit around for the person known as Immortal Faith and the Eastbound Monk, but he wasn’t sure what they looked like. The monk was probably part of the Dao Sect, though, with Immortal Faith… well, that person could be part of pretty much any faction with gods in it. He had even considered if it was maybe Eron who had used that name, but that wasn’t the case.

Finally, of all the factions Jake looked for, there was the Holy Church, the largest of them all. In their group alone, they had nearly forty people – one-tenth of the total number of people attending. While they didn’t end up taking any of the absolute top spots on either the Era or Universe Leaderboards, they could still be said to have dominated it simply by the sheer number of people they had in the top 250.

Alongside their many allies who also stood nearby, with Ell’Hakan even standing not that far away, it was almost as if a line had been drawn down the middle of the conference hall. There definitely were cliques, with many of the fully neutral factions standing in between.

As Jake was standing there, just looking out at the room after taking another drink, he was approached by someone. He turned and looked, instantly seeing an appearance that didn’t match what was in his sphere, and he also felt an aura he wouldn’t ever fail to recognize.

”Greetings, Viper’s Chosen, and congratulations on your performance,” the young woman said as she got closer, raising a glass with a smile on her lips. Jake narrowed his eyes as he responded.

”Thank you, miss…?” Jake responded, keeping calm as he wondered what the hell this person was doing here. Everyone else was busy, and Jake made sure to be a bit way as he tried to speak privately to not get any of the others involved.

”Does what you call me matter?” they responded, swirling the liquid in their glass as Jake only now realized that only he could hear what this person said, while anything he responded was also only heard by them. ”And no reason to act that suspicious. I have come with no ill intent, just curiosity about something.”

Jake narrowed his eyes as he stared at the young woman… the shapeshifted Eversmile. He couldn’t understand why he had appeared here or how he had even done so. Then again, he had seemingly been able to hide his true identity even from the Wyrmgod inside of Nevermore…

”What are you curious about?” Jake asked… with the answer not at all the one he expected.

”Where did you get those boots?”




***
Chapter 881: Mysterious Boots & Dragon Princesses


***






Jake had been so damn distracted by everything else going on that he hadn’t even noticed Eversmile before he was right there. Sure, he had seen the figure approach, but his aura had been entirely hidden, and with so many other notable presences filling the hall, he had managed to blend in long enough to surprise Jake.

Yeah, this type of setting really wasn’t for Jake, throwing him off this game that much. And now this…

To say Jake was taken aback by the question would be an understatement. Especially when one considered who it came from. Eversmile wasn’t some insignificant figure, and Jake’s mind began to work at high speeds as he tried to give a non-commital answer. One that could hopefully give him at least some information to go off.

”Why are you asking?”

”Karma,” Eversmile simply answered. ”Now answer me.”

Jake really wanted to tell the guy – or girl, at this point, Jake had no idea what the fuck Eversmile was - to just fuck off, but felt like that wouldn’t be a good idea. Eversmile was just too eccentric and unpredictable. Plus, the true answer shouldn’t be that suspicious.

”From the Challenge Dungeon made by the Viper,” Jake answered honestly.

”Hm? That could explain some of it, I presume,” Eversmile said, seemingly deep in thought. ”But not all of it. If these boots are indeed connected to Vilastromoz, then it appears I will need to have a conversation with him.”

By now, Jake was getting really curious himself also as he took a chance. ”Why the curiosity? Is it that odd to see boots given to a Chosen with powerful connections to their Patron?”

”You are fully aware there is something with those boots far more complicated than merely a connection to your Patron,” the Primordial didn’t even try to entertain what Jake said. ”However, seeing as you have been cooperative and the fact the Malefic Viper would likely gladly share the details of our future conversation with you, I shall give you an explanation.”

Jake felt the sound of fingers snapping… as the entire world around him seemed to twist and turn. He felt like the ground beneath him fell away, as everything was replaced with an empty space that made Jake feel as if he was deep under water.

The only two things that remained were Eversmile and Jake himself. Then, the strings appeared. Multi-colored threads spread out from Jake and Eversmile, countless of them, but soon they nearly all faded. However, a few strings still existed, and Jake saw them all connected to the boots on his feet. One of these threads led to Eversmile himself, while all the others simply disappeared into the vast emptiness of the space he was in.

”As you can see, there appears to be a powerful karmic connection between these boots and myself,” Eversmile said, motioning toward the thread connecting them. ”Despite that being the case, I cannot see any reason for why this would be… much less the cause of all these other threads.”

Jake, floating in the odd space, took a moment to really get his bearings. Things were seriously freaky, especially as he also felt the conference room all around him through his sphere, making it certain he hadn’t actually been transported anywhere. In the real world, he was just standing and staring into empty space while his mind and potential soul were taken somewhere entirely different. What made everything even worse was the distortion between these two things, as time seemed slowed in the real world while at the same time overly fast within this special state.

”What are these other karmic threads?” Jake asked, confused.

”This is the second conundrum,” the god pointed out as he reached out and touched one of the threads. ”I do not know. They are obscured… no, they make no sense in the first place. As if they are misplaced within both space and time, leading to something that once was or never came to be. Some of the threads I do recognize, though.”

Eversmile began walking through the odd space as he tapped a karmic thread. ”This one leads to the Malefic Viper. Unsurprising, based on what you said.”

Jake slowly nodded. Yeah, that made sense.

Tapping a second thread, Eversmile spoke again. ”And this… this is Valdemar.”

That… was weird?

A third thread was tabbed. ”Blightfather.”

Okay, definitely weird.

And a fourth. ”Holy Mother.”

Eversmile spoke as he just continued while walking a circle around Jake, tapping thread after thread.

”Wyrmgod.”

”Starseizing Titan.”

”Rigoria.”

”Yggdrasil.”

”Stormild.”

”Aeon.”

Before he reached the last thread.

”Daofather. All twelve Primordials connected to a single pair of boots through karmic threads. And to not misunderstand. These are not weak connections. They are firm, old, and seemingly without any good reason to exist, as I cannot read their history or origin.”

By now, Jake was more than a little confused as he tried to search his brain for an explanation as he blurted out a potential cause.

”These boots did once belong to the Viper himself, like, he used them while he was a mortal…” Jake said without thinking much.

”Another potential reason, perhaps,” Eversmile said as he thought deeply. ”The connection to the Malefic Viper does appear more unique in nature than the others, so perhaps… no…”

Jake felt sidelined as he also realized that this entire thing hadn’t been done by Eversmile simply out of the kindness of his heart or to help Jake. He had done it to try and make Jake spill more information, something that had definitely worked. Perhaps it was also done to spark Jake’s curiosity and to see if he truly didn’t know.

However, even with all that, Jake wasn’t going to say anything about the First Sage. That part he was not going to volunteer. Not just because that was private history between the Viper and his first master, but because Jake wasn’t sure what to do with the implications of it all if the First Sage was somehow the cause. Hopefully, he would get some answers when they would get their fateful meeting… Jake just needed a lot more profession levels first to make that happen.

”Alas, information is lacking, and the best course of action would be to simply question Vilastromoz,” Eversmile said after a bit.

Unauthorized usage: this tale is on Amazon without the author's consent. Report any sightings.

”What’s the current working theory?” Jake ended up asking, not really expecting an answer.

”That, as you said, the boots once belonged to the Malefic Viper, and they were infused with further Records in the process of becoming an item in one of the Challenge Dungeons created so many eras ago, leading to some sort of mutation caused directly by the system simply because of how much time passed before they were claimed. Some form of mutation that linked the boots to the Records associated with being a Primordial, thus also naturally forming a karmic connection with all who carry those same Records,” Eversmile explained, surprising Jake a bit with his straightforwardness.

”However, this is highly improbable, just the best theory till more is known,” the Primordial finished off as he threw Jake a final glance. ”You have been of some assistance. Take this experience as a reward for your help. Oh, and I say this genuinely: congratulations on beating Yip of Yore on the All-Time Leaderboards. It’s both an achievement worth recognition and something that has certainly turned this entire situation with him and the Malefic Viper far more… interesting.”

With those words, the world around Jake collapsed again, as everything returned to normal in an instant. Jake found himself back in the hall entirely, standing alone with a glass in his hand, no sign of Eversmile anywhere.

”Ree?” Sylphie chirped, confused, as Jake looked around on instinct.

”It was-” Jake began as he stopped himself. ”Eh, the woman that was just there. The one I talked with.”

”Ree?” Sylphie asked, even more confused.

Jake just looked at the hawk with confusion before shaking his head. ”Never mind, I blame the alcohol. See, this is why you shouldn’t drink.”

”Ree!” Sylphie definitely agreed, having already learned about the horribleness of alcohol.

Smiling, Jake hid his thoughts as he considered what Sylphie had said. According to her, Jake had just been greeted by some woman who said congratulations before walking off into the crowd, with Sylphie seemingly finding the encounter so forgetful she couldn’t even remember how the woman looked.

This was really odd, considering they had both just seen Eversmile’s transformed form, and as C-grades, they both had near-perfect memories… yet when Jake also tried to recall the transformed Eversmile, he just saw the ”true” form of Eversmile instead.

… I really don’t want that dude as a straight-up enemy. That would be fucking terrifying, Jake thought. A shapeshifter with such skills could cause so much chaos without anyone even realizing it…

As Jake was deep in thought, he barely noticed when two people approached him.

Only when they were nearly upon him did he snap out of it and notice it was the princess from the Regalflight and the Disciple of the Heartsoul Daolord. Quite a few people noticed the two approaching Jake as if several expected something interesting to potentially happen. The Demon Prince even threw Jake a smile from across the hall as he raised a glass.

Soon enough, the two arrived, and Jake turned to meet them. The princess was at the front, and Jake felt her aura easily from this close. He could definitely see how she had gotten such a high placement on the Leaderboards. She was powerful, and she had also gained a lot of levels, as one had to remember she wasn’t a dragonkin, but a full-on dragon. Well, soon she would be… as a C-grade, she was still not fully mature yet, very much the same as Sylphie. Though if one looked at her humanoid form, Jake definitely wouldn’t describe her as immature.

”Greetings, Chosen of the Malefic One. I congratulate you on your exemplary performance within Nevermore and can only begin to imagine the wonders you will show us in the future,” the princess from the Regalflight said while doing a curtsey. Jake didn’t even know people in the multiverse really did curtseys…

The Disciple of the Heartsoul Daolord simply smiled and nodded, not saying anything. Jake didn’t take offense, though, as he responded with a nod of his own. ”Pleasure to meet you both, and let’s not pretend like the two of you didn’t also do pretty darn well.”

”Your words bring me honor,” the princess said with a smile. ”Allow me to properly introduce myself. I am Aishalstromoz Regalflight, daughter of the Dragon of Gold and Princess of the First Golden Palace. However, you are more than welcome to simply refer to me as Aisha, as my friends call me.”

Lots of stuff in that one... and hey, Jake knew who this Dragon of Gold was. Aurustromoz, the current leader of the Regalflight - the most powerful of all the dragonflights but also the fewest in number. Oh, and the eighth-place finisher on the All-Time Leaderboards, above even Ell’Hakan. To learn she was his daughter meant her father was an extremely powerful god, and from the looks of it, she was living up to her Lineage. As for all that stuff about the First Golden Palace and all that… yeah, Jake had no idea, but it sounded impressive.

Moreoever, Jake also kind of understood the implications of her requesting for him to call her something only friends usually do. Not that he particularly cared, as he wasn’t going to refer to her with some long title or her long name if he had an alternative.

”And you can also just call me Jake, Aisha,” Jake said politely… his answer apparently coming as a surprise for some bloody reason as the not-yet-fully-mature dragon blushed and turned her head slightly away…

”Al… alright, I shall… Jake…” Aisha said, stammering as she quickly worked to regain her composure and the volume at which she spoke his name would make even mice ask her to speak the hell up. The Disciple from the Dao Sect just smiled, seemingly finding the situation amusing as she still didn’t say anything, which… not gonna lie, Jake found kind of weird. Something Aisha likely noticed and jumped onto as it was a great change of topic.

”Please do not be offended. As the disciple of the Heartsoul Daolord, I am sure you can understand why she isn’t able to converse normally,” the dragon princess explained… which didn’t explain jack shit to Jake.

Luckily, Jake got an assist from Silverstorm, who had been observing their exchange and seemingly had an idea Jake didn’t know. ”The Heartsoul Daolord is a master of Willpower and making their will a reality. As the disciple of the Heartsoul Daolord, every word of hers is infused with the power to alter the world around her, making even a casual word effectively an attack. In fact, any way she communicates her intent toward the world will have such an effect.”

Jake listened intently… and he was pretty sure he remembered seeing something similar in a video game before the system, which instantly made Jake assume this Heartsoul Daolord was some old bearded man living on an icy mountain.

Anyway, Jake nodded in understanding as he looked at the Disciple. ”No worries, I wouldn’t want you to speak and push me back with unrelenting force by accident.”

The Disciple of the Daolord smiled and nodded, still not really communicating much. Actually, why wasn’t she just using telepathy? The Fallen King couldn’t speak, but he could still release his voice through soul magic stuff all around him, and as the Disciple of the Heartsoul Daolord, she should be able to do something similar. Soul was literally in the name.

Then again, Jake clearly had fuck-all idea how her Path worked, so he probably shouldn’t ask a question that would just make him appear ignorant. He already felt uncomfortable enough as things were with all the attention on him, and embarrassing himself definitely wouldn’t make things any better.

”Thank you for your understanding,” Aisha bowed her head slightly. ”Now… I will confess, I did not merely approach you to offer you my congratulations but for more personal reasons.”

Jake realized there was indeed something up, as he nevertheless didn’t say anything and inquired further. ”What could the princess of the Regalflight possibly need of me?”

She seemed a bit nervous as she spoke.

”I know you have had some interactions with both the Emberflight and the Azureflight, some of which haven’t been the most positive… and I just want to ensure that there is no lingering resentment or negative sentiment toward you and the Dragonflights,” she spoke, her volume a bit lower than usual.

”No worries. Truly,” Jake said, trying to sound reassuring. ”I’m not that petty as to be offended by something small. Besides, the guy from the Azureflight seemed to have learned his lesson directly from the Viper as far as I remember.”

”That he did,” Aisha nodded, looking solemn. ”It was an… unfortunate encounter. One we take full responsibility for.”

”Again, don’t worry,” Jake waved her off. ”I’m not going to hate an entire race or faction just because one of their members sucks. So relax. We just met, and thus far, you made a positive first impression, so let’s just say that balanced out all the prior negative encounters, and we’re back to neutral.”

He really didn’t want a bunch of dragon tribes to think Jake bore a grudge. He liked dragons. Dragons were cool, simple as that.

”I… that would be great,” Aisha smiled as Jake continued.

”Great, then from here, let’s create some positive encounters,” he said, with the intent to be polite and create positive relations with the Dragonflights.

”That is… if the Chosen wants, then…” the dragonkin princess suddenly blushed while hiding her face as the Disciple of the Heartsoul Daolord shook her head and elbowed the dragon in the side as if telling her to get her head out of the gutter.

Turning toward Jake, the Disciple of the Daolord smiled and bowed as she finally spoke. ”Let us meet again.”

Jake felt something odd shift in the air as the Disciple dragged away the dragon who looked like she was about to overheat with how red she was. Jake sighed internally as they left. That went well, I guess?




***
Chapter 882: Heartfelt Conversations & Hidden Agendas


***






”You’re a real smooth-talker, huh?” Jake heard from behind as Carmen walked up to stand beside him. ”Sure trying to get that little dragon princess wrapped around your finger.”

”Hm?” Jake said, not entirely sure what she was getting at. ”No, I was trying to be polite. She just seemed a bit sheltered and nervous.”

”Damn, you’re dense at times,” Carmen sighed. ”Think about it. That little princess has definitely been praised and raised up her entire life, with every single male influence in her life, either a family member, someone trying to get in her pants, or people too fucking scared to try anything as they know the kind of trouble they could get into for offending her. Then you come along, confident and unbothered by her status, treating her like an equal and being all nice, while she also knows her dad would probably be over the moon if she dragged you home with a ring on her finger.”

Jake stared at Carmen for a while as she spoke before shaking his head. ”I think you’re reading way too much into this.”

”She definitely isn’t,” Jake suddenly got backstabbed as his brother decided to join her. ”Let me put in terms you can probably understand better. Imagine if it was you, before the system, as a young man. One day, you are asked to deliver something to some attractive millionaire model, who then proceeds to have a nice conversation with you, treating you incredibly friendly. All the while, Mom and Dad are hiding behind a bush ten meters away, giving you thumbs-ups, telling you to go get her.”

”I… don’t think that analogy works,” Jake muttered.

”Kind of does,” Carmen agreed. ”Not really, but kind of, I guess. Anyway, the point is most women who view you as a potential partner will see you being nice as a green flag and potentially even the most mundane flirting in the world. Coupled with them being sheltered with no idea how to act around the opposite sex, you get situations like this.”

Jake looked at her and Caleb, who nodded in the background as Jake sighed. ”So, what’s the solution?”

”Fuck if I know,” Carmen shrugged and smirked. ”Not my problem either. Just trying to be helpful here so you are at least aware of what you’re doing and don’t get taken by surprise when you suddenly get a surprise proposal. In all honesty, I find your cluelessness and all the blushing fair maidens quite amusing.”

”Ditto,” Caleb seconded. ”Also, it would be hilarious if you dragged a dragon home to Mom and Dad. Even more hilarious if you dragged a whole bunch of women home from all sorts of different races…”

”Are you hinting at wanting me to introduce someone to you? Damn, I’ll have to tell Maja what you’re up to while exploring the multiverse…” Jake said, looking at this brother with a faux disappointed look.

”Alright, alright,” Caleb raised his hands in surrender. ”You just keep doing you. Anyway, I actually came to say that I’ll have to do some politics of my own, so see you around. Oh yeah, and I feel like I say this every time, but do come by Skyggen for a visit sometime, yeah?”

”Okay,” Jake nodded. Yeah, he really should visit, especially after spending such a long time in Nevermore.

Caleb walked off, and Jake saw Maria had also bailed somewhere. The others were busy on their own as Carmen stayed standing beside Jake.

”Don’t you have to do some Valhal stuff?” Jake questioned her.

”I am doing Valhal stuff right now by standing next to you and chatting in full view of a bunch of major factions, including that orange fuck across the room,” Carmen responded.

”Ah,” Jake said as he smirked. ”So you only bother to hang around me because it’s work?”

”Not gonna lie, I am getting a bit annoyed at both you and Valhal at this point. One day, they’re telling me to get closer to you; the next, they’re telling me to stay as far away as I can, and now we’re apparently back to them wanting to make it look like Valhal has a good relationship with you,” Carmen said, shaking her head. ”Fucking politics.”

”Amen,” Jake agreed wholeheartedly as he decided to quickly put up a barrier of stable arcane mana to keep their conversation private. ”But if it’s worth anything, I have a feeling they’re not going to flip-flop more after I met Valdemar.”

”Nah, definitely not,” Carmen shrugged, and with the barrier up, she seemed a bit more open to sharing information. ”Seems pretty keen on making you join Valhal at this point, and from what I heard, Ell’Hakan and Yip of Yore are fully aware of that, potentially even on board. I have no fucking idea what they’re planning, but it definitely includes separating you from the Malefic Viper, one way or another.”

Jake was a bit surprised as he looked at Carmen. ”You seem awfully informed. Do they keep you up-to-date on things?”

”Apparently so. Gudrun agrees with wanting a closer relationship between Valhal and you, and she seems to think the best way of doing that is through me,” Carmen explained casually. ”Pretty sure they want me to be a honeypot or something like that. Haven’t directly asked me yet, but damn, have they hinted at it.”

”I’m not sure how to respond to that,” Jake said, scratching the back of his head.

”Now you’re the one overthinking,” Carmen grinned as she punched Jake in the shoulder. ”Ain’t no fucking way I’m going to be anyone’s honeypot.”

Jake felt a bit relieved as he nodded in response.

”Not that you can’t have some honey once in a while,” Carmen said flirtatiously. ”Just don’t get your dick stuck in the pot.”

Chuckling, Jake shook his head. ”Not gonna say no when offered.”

”You know, I just realized how damn good I am at my job,” Carmen said as she stared out of the transparent stable barrier of arcane mana. ”Look at how damn well I showed off the multiverse the great relationship between us to the level of making that little dragon lady of yours jealous.”

Jake had indeed spotted a certain dragon in human form throw glances their way as the Disciple of the Heartsoul Daolord tried to take her attention away from Jake and Carmen talking.

”Oh well, I guess I should stop breaking the hearts of every young lady present,” Carmen said jokingly after a bit as she threw Jake a deep look. ”Hm, maybe it’s the mask? Nah, definitely the dangerous and mysterious aura.”

”Very funny,” Jake said as he waved her off and dispelled the arcane barrier.

”Hey, it has its appeal,” Carmen shrugged as she walked off. ”See you around, Jake.”

”Enjoy politicking,” Jake said as the Runemaiden gave him a middle finger before she decided to finally get back to some people from Valhal.

Returning to the others from the Earth group, Jake enjoyed talking a bit with Eron and Arnold. Alright, mainly Arnold, as Eron preferred to listen, not really adding much, and only ever really chiming in when he asked some questions about certain concepts. The three of them ended up mainly discussing the House of the Architect as time passed slowly, with the conversation being quite enlightening.

Unauthorized use of content: if you find this story on Amazon, report the violation.

By now, most of the people who really wanted to talk to Jake had. More did come by simply to congratulate him but without wanting anything in particular. People from the Altmar Empire, United Tribes, and a few other factions, big and small, either invited or restated their offer for him to visit, and they were all very polite about it.

From these interactions, it did become clear that besides the titles Chosen of the Malefic Viper and Harbinger of Primeval Origins, Jake apparently now had a third title that made others both wary of him, and interested in forging good relations. In other words, his prestige was building, and it was building at a far higher speed compared to his so-called rival.

Something this rival clearly knew… as it appeared Viridia’s prediction had been slightly off. She had predicted that Ell’Hakan would keep a good distance from Jake throughout the get-together, avoiding any interactions with him. However, Jake soon saw him approach, not even walking with any of his cronies or people from other factions. He made his way over all alone, and as the person with the second-most interest placed on him in the whole event, his movements caught quite some attention. As the entire get-together was also winding down at this point, far less interesting things were happening, making the Chosen’s actions stand out even more.

Jake calmed himself down as he saw Ell’Hakan approach from behind. He quickly considered what the hell the other Chosen was planning, as he also realized the implications of Ell’Hakan approaching Jake.

For him to seek out Jake was almost seen as a sign of submission – a sign he viewed Jake as someone with a higher status, making it only proper conduct for Ell’Hakan to be the one approaching Jake. What’s more, for him to do so alone indicated he came as an individual and not someone representing any faction or gathering of factions.

When Ell’Hakan got within ten or so meters, Jake turned to meet him. Acting arrogant or haughty would gain Jake nothing. He had treated every other person who approached him so far politely, even those he didn’t really know or wasn’t a fan of, and treating Ell’Hakan differently or even antagonistically would only play into his story that they were fated rivals or something dumb like that.

Jake especially wanted to avoid looking like some arrogant young master. Arrogant young masters never won.

One could almost sense the tension in the room as Ell’Hakan did something Jake had not expected. He cupped his hands and slightly bowed toward Jake with a smile. ”Greetings, Lord Thayne. I wish to congratulate you on being the new champion of the All-Time Leaderboards. It’s truly an achievement worth recognition.”

It took a lot from Jake to not just blurt out and ask what the hell the guy wanted, but he kept his cool. He couldn’t let emotions control any of his actions, especially not in front of Ell’Hakan, who could read everything. Jake really didn’t like to be put in this situation, but he would have to manage as he evaluated the situation.

Ell’Hakan had clearly taken a more respectful stance. His choice of calling Jake ”Lord Thayne” was definitely also deliberate. It communicated a closer relationship than merely using a title and remained polite in nature while also conveniently leaving out mentioning any relations to Jake’s Patron. Just from this alone, and his earlier talk with Carmen, Jake had a guess what Ell’Hakan’s goal was.

”Thank you,” Jake said calmly, continuing as he responded in kind, though he failed to not at least take a small dig at the other man. ”I should also congratulate you on your placement as Era’s Pinnacle. To hold such a title for even a moment is impressive.”

Ell’Hakan smiled at Jake’s reponse, as by now, quite a lot of attention had gathered on them. The conflict between Yip of Yore and the Malefic Viper was an undercurrent of the multiverse all factions with influence of any kind knew about. It was a situation they closely monitored, and a social clash between their two Chosen had to be of significance.

”I did my best, and I guess I couldn’t have done more than that. Still, I take pride in what I did accomplish, even if my performance ultimately only allowed me to enter the top 10 of the All-Time Leaderboards,” the other Chosen said with a sigh.

”All anyone can do is their best,” Jake simply agreed non-committedly, trying to give Ell’Hakan as little ammunition to work with as possible while remaining polite and neutral.

”Isn’t that the truth,” Ell’Hakan said with a melancholic smile as he spoke in a slighly louder tone than before. ”It’s what we all strive to do. To do our best in any situation, with the power, resources, knowledge, and state of mind we have at that moment in time. Yet sometimes, even our best does not prove enough, as was proven on the Leaderboards this day. This… brings me to the past, where I also made decisions and did things that I at the time believed were my best course of action, but now, in retrospect, only brings me regret.”

Jake had tried to not give Ell’Hakan ammunition… yet it seemed like he had done just that as the other Chosen continued.

”My failure was to be found in the knowledge I had, forming the reason behind my actions. Assumptions, created from nothing but my own biases and through sin by association… something I now realize was a mistake, and the second reason I approached you here today, Lord Thayne,” Ell’Hakan said, very deliberately wanting all the eyes on him he could get as he bowed.

”With my deepest sincerity, I apologize for past transgressions. I acted foolishly and committed sins I can only hope to be forgiven and strive to make up for,” Ell’Hakan continued before speaking to the room as much as to Jake. ”I invaded your planet, killed people close to you, and created chaos, believing I was doing the right thing. Believing I was freeing your world from a tyrant who wished to use the planet in the fashion we have seen the Order of the Malefic Viper use so many others. I was wrong and had jumped to conclusions, and now I realize you never acted on orders of your Patron. I realize you are not the second coming of the Malefic Viper… you are Lord Thayne, your own person, through and through.”

There were few times in Jake’s life when he had been more glad he wore a mask than now because his face did not look good. He had no idea what to say, as by all accounts, Ell’Hakan’s words sounded honest. Moreover, Jake did not detect the slightest use of any Bloodline shenanigans – assuming Jake would even be able to detect it.

The only place it was maybe used was Ell’Hakan using it on himself, making his own words sound more emotional and sincere. Because damn, did he sound genuine in his apology. Thing is… Jake knew he was playing at something, and Jake desperately tried to figure out what that was so he could get out ahead of it before it was too late.

”In fact, I came to learn that despite your identity, Jake Thayne is far more than just the Chosen of the Malefic Viper. Harbinger of Primeval Origins and now the one holding the top spot of the All-Time Leaderboards are but two of your titles. Look at those you associate with, too. Your fellow natives, friends, blessed by more than half of all the Primordials.”

Ell’Hakan continued his speech, as he no longer had his head bowed, but looked up with a smile on his face.

”You are truly a one-of-a-kind existence. A Bloodline Patriarch, wielding more potential than possibly anyone the multiverse has ever seen, and for the longest time, I didn’t realize that you weren’t this special because you were the Chosen of the Malefic Viper… you would be you, regardless of which god had realized your excellence first.”

His words were clearly praise, but they made Jake feel slimy, as he now had a really good idea of what he was trying to do.

”I say all this with the hope of making it clear… I never bore any animosity toward Lord Thayne. Only the Chosen of the Malefic Viper. The one friend I killed was also a follower of the Viper, making me believe he, too, was a fanatic who would only cause the multiverse harm. Now I see he may have been innocent… and that knowledge truly gnaws at me,” Ell’Hakan said with a sad look on his face.

”Alas, I hope we can look toward the future. I hope you will give me the opportunity to make up for the sins of my past and repay you, Jake Thayne, for the transgressions I have caused. I swear now that I will truly do my best to try and set things right.”

Jake simply stared at the other Chosen for a bit, and just as he was about to open his mouth, Ell’Hakan bowed one more time.

”Please, take the time to consider my words… I do not need an answer here today. I merely wished to express my emotions and regret, as I hope to one day be forgiven. Regardless of your decision, know that I no longer hold any animosity toward you. Even if you can’t forgive me, I, at the very least, hope that the next time we meet, it will not be as enemies. I truly do not want to fight you if it can be avoided.”

Ell’Hakan did not leave more time to say anything as he spoke loudly to the crowd and Jake alike. ”Thank you for listening to my words so patiently today, Lord Thayne. May next we meet be an encounter we both look back upon and call fortunate.”

With those words, Ell’Hakan bowed and left swiftly as he teleported away… leaving Jake with a final telepathic message.

”Do not think my words a mere ruse or deceit. I truly have nothing against the man known as Jake Thayne, only he who identifies as the Chosen of the Malefic Viper… and I have a feeling you perhaps are more of the prior than the latter. You do not need the Malefic Viper, but he desperately needs you to rebuild himself. I already know how thin your loyalty is and how little faith you have in your heart. This is not a sin, but merely recognizing your own worth. So, I implore you to rethink your position. Rethink if staying with a god such as the Malefic Viper is truly in your best interest in the long run. Valhal, a reputable and respected faction, is also interested in having you join them, and if you choose to throw off the chains that is the failing Malefic Viper, I truly believe the War God himself would take you as his Chosen. I will not tell you what to do; just remind you of the many alternatives you have. You will thrive anywhere; you need no one. Can find a home anywhere. So why stay on a sinking ship?”




***
Chapter 883: Temporary Farewells


***






Jake wasn’t sure if he should have said or done anything before Ell’Hakan left. It felt as if he had given the other Chosen the floor and allowed him to say and do whatever he wanted… but that didn’t necessarily mean what Ell’Hakan had done was in his best interest.

As the saying goes, never interrupt an enemy when he is making a mistake.

Ell’Hakan was clearly under the impression the relationship between Jake and Villy was on thin ice. That Jake was not satisfied with him as a Patron. That, or at least he believed Jake didn’t hold any loyalty toward Villy… which he was kind of right about.

Jake didn’t hold the kind of loyalty one would expect of a Chosen toward a Patron. He held no faith, and he wouldn’t just do whatever the Viper told him to do. Ell’Hakan and Yip of Yore had already figured this out from the looks of it, making their current strategy make a lot more sense.

Eversmile is likely involved in some way, too, Jake also mentally noted, as he considered the situation more deeply.

From this entire thing, coupled with what Carmen said, Jake reached a conclusion… they had officially adopted a narrative that did not require them to kill Jake. This was likely a direction they had moved toward for a while, but only now did they state it outwardly and speak it into reality. The fact this had been done in front of a crowd that would quickly spread it to every major faction in the multiverse also wasn’t a coincidence.

They wanted to show that they held no animosity toward Jake, just the Malefic Viper. The way they framed it also wasn’t entirely idiotic. Jake doubted it would be long before it was also common knowledge that Valhal was interested in recruiting Jake, potentially even offering him a similar position. All of this was to give Jake an escape.

Ultimately, this meant Jake staying with the Malefic Viper was framed as a choice. That Jake chose to stand on the side of an evil tyrant, despite having been given ample opportunity not to, giving them an excuse if they did somehow kill him. Perhaps they also bet on Jake’s sense of self-preservation and wanted to clarify that should he choose to bail the proverbial sinking ship, there would always be a lifeboat waiting.

Jake would guess the two spin doctors didn’t really want to do this but felt forced into it. There was definitely pressure from many factions who would oppose Jake’s death before they could make use of him. With his new achievement as the top performer of the All-Time Leaderboards, he had only grown further in fame and gained the interest of even more major factions.

This entire situation is messy… but not really that complicated, Jake thought. And it truly wasn’t.

Yip of Yore wanted to kill the Malefic Viper to become a Primordial Slayer. This was the crux of it.

Ell’Hakan was helping Yip of Yore to do this, initially by trying to kill Jake.

Even if that had now changed, the core of what Ell’Hakan wanted to accomplish remained: to have the Malefic Viper lose his Chosen. Just rather than losing his Chosen by Jake dying, he would lose him by Jake choosing to jump ship, which would definitely also negatively affect the Viper… because if not even his Chosen believed he could win and stood behind him, did he really stand a chance?

Of course, Ell’Hakan and Yip had made one major mistake. Ell’Hakan had been right about one thing, though: one can truly only do their best, but the best one could do was limited by knowledge… and those two clearly had no idea Jake was a Heretic-Chosen, nor could they comprehend the concept behind a god and a mortal genuinely just being friends.

The large hall had become silent with Ell’Hakan’s speech, and it took quite a few seconds before anyone made a sound after the Chosen left. All the focus was on Jake, and from the looks he got, many of them seemed to believe something positive had just happened to Jake. Which, in some ways, it had. Ell’Hakan had admitted to what he had done, and even if he had apologized… well, Jake wasn’t obligated to forgive.

Not that he was going to say anything to anyone. The less he gave away, the better.

As Jake stood there, the Fallen King sent over a telepathic message.

”An apt strategy adopted by the Chosen of Yip. He has created a situation where he is no longer the aggressor, and many believe it would only make sense for you to forget and forgive whatever he, in their minds, minor mistakes he’s made. Everything ended up nicely being blamed on the Malefic Viper, and I wouldn’t be surprised if the next time you have a public meeting, he will offer you some kind of compensation to make his actions also match his words.”

”Honest, he can do whatever the fuck he wants. He killed Chris, that’s unforgivable,” Jake shot back.

”Yes… but in the eyes of others, he just killed a fanatic serving the Malefic One. An insignificant D-grade. Lives are not equal, and someone like you or Ell’Hakan could kill millions without anyone truly caring. In their eyes, your value exceeds countless weaklings,” the Unique Lifeform continued.

Jake wasn’t going to argue as he knew the Fallen King was right. Shit, some would maybe even argue Jake had done more to Ell’Hakan than Ell’Hakan had ever done to Jake, simply by beating him on the Leaderboards and hurting his pride while killing several of his comrades during the ”misunderstanding” that was his invasion.

The mood in the conference hall had shifted quite a lot after Ell’Hakan had done his thing, and his departure seemed to have marked the end for many others, too. Jake saw Wintermaul leave, only throwing a single glance toward Sylphie while departing, with Jake throwing one in return, making the ice elemental hurry out. The Holy Church didn’t stick around much longer either, and Jake saw Carmen leave with a group from Valhal soon after. The same was true for Casper and Caleb, who went with their respective factions.

Before even arriving at this meeting, Jake had already been informed that they would be offered passage back to their home planets or wherever else they wanted to go. All was facilitated by the Wyrmgod. In retrospect, this was probably a necessary service to not leave a bunch of mortals stranded on a floating disc in the middle of the emptiness of space.

Soon, as the hall was thinning out, the Sword Saint returned to their group, bringing along a certain dryad. Dina looked like she had some mixed emotions, and Jake understood why. Everyone but Sylphie and the Fallen King from Earth also tactfully left, leaving their Nevermore party as the only ones left.

”The gang is all back together,” Jake smiled as Dina rejoined them.

”Ree!” Sylphie screeched happily, making Dina smile, even if she couldn’t quite hide her sadness.

They had spent the vast majority of the last fifty years together, a huge part of their lives. When it came to pure life experience, likely the majority for all but the Sword Saint and maybe the Fallen King. In the beginning, Dina had been reserved and barely spoke to anyone but the old man. However, with time, she opened up a lot, happily discussed things, and shared her vast knowledge of the multiverse imparted to her as a high-level member of a large faction.

So Jake understood her emotions now that things were coming to an end and they would have to go their separate ways. Even if it wasn’t a goodbye, no one knew when they would meet up again. Jake and company were all to return to their own universe, where she couldn’t follow and likely had quite a few system events to go before their universe would open up fully.

If you encounter this story on Amazon, note that it's taken without permission from the author. Report it.

Additionally, it wasn’t as if Dina didn’t also have her own things to deal with. She was the granddaughter of Nature’s Attendant and held his Bloodline, giving her many responsibilities and limitations, and especially now that she had placed top 100 on the Era Leaderboards, the expectations of her had only risen further. Making friends while in a position like hers surely wasn’t easy; Jake knew that pretty damn well, being the Chosen of the Malefic Viper. He was just a lot more lucky that many of the people around him didn’t really care overly much that he was a Chosen.

”I… I nearly forgot,” Dina said as she looked at Jake. ”Congratulations on the All-Time Leaderboards… and thank you for allowing me to accompany you during this time.”

”Eh, I should also be thanking you for helping me even get the record,” Jake waved her off with a smile as he joked: ”Then again, we did all carry our own weight, so maybe we should all thank each other in some circlejerk of gratitude?”

”There is no need to openly display gratitude between equal partners, it’s simply an implicit understanding,” the Fallen King added, both ruining Jake’s joke and being pretty on-point. There truly was no need for anyone to thank the others.

Dina smiled a bit. ”Still… thank you.”

Jake shook his head, not really bothering to argue about something this dumb. They had plenty of dumb arguments over the last half a century, and there was no reason to add another one to the list.

”Where are you headed from here?” the Sword Saint asked Dina, partly to change the subject.

”I’ll be heading home with Grandpa. I was told there was a celebration back there for all those from the Pantheon who took part in Nevermore,” she answered before turning to Jake. ”Grandpa also said you should come visit once you find the time… but I think all of you would be welcome if you wanted to come by.”

”Sounds like something worth considering,” the Sword Saint nodded.

”Perhaps, but not before we have handled this Prima first,” the Fallen King added.

”Not like we’re in a rush,” Jake shrugged as he looked at Dina. ”Do tell Nature’s Attendant and Artemis that I’ll come by at some point after the Prima Guardian is dealt with and things calm down a bit. I doubt any visit I make will be a brief one.”

”Ree!” even Sylphie agreed.

”Okay!” Dina smiled, happy they all seemed open to one day stopping by.

Their group was quiet for a while before the Sword Saint spoke once more. ”I believe it’s time we stop delaying needlessly.”

”Yeah…” Dina said, her smile rapidly fading.

The Sword Saint shook his head as he reached over and put a hand on her head, rubbing her hair-like plants. ”This is not a goodbye but a temporary farewell. It’s been a pleasure spending the last few decades with you, Dina.”

Jake just smiled as he saw Dina hesitate before seemingly thinking: ”screw it,” as she went forward and gave the old man a hug. He returned it as he kept rubbing her hair. He already knew that of everyone in their group, she had definitely become the closest with the Sword Saint. Maybe because he also had those grandfather vibes.

Soon enough, the two of them stopped hugging as she also said goodbye to the others. Sylphie got a few scratches before getting pulled into a hug, while the Fallen King and Jake both got more reserved goodbyes.

”We shall meet again, dryad,” the Fallen King said, getting about as polite as he ever got.

”Yep, see you around,” Jake smiled.

”Take care of yourself, alright?” the Sword Saint said as he gave her a final head pat.

”Ree!” Sylphie screeched, waving with one of her wings.

Dina nodded resolutely. ”Farewell for now.”

With that, she turned around and left, only looking back half a dozen times as the four from Earth remained behind in the conference hall that was rapidly emptying out.

”I shall head back to Earth now,” the Sword Saint said after a brief pause.

”And I shall follow. Too many of the World Council have been gone for too long,” the Fallen King concurred.

”Can you take Sylphie with you?” Jake asked the two of them. ”I’m gonna go visit that Demon Prince first and stop by a few other places before I also head back.”

”Very well,” the old man nodded. Sylphie didn’t complain either, as she flew over and landed on top of the Fallen King, who didn’t even protest.

”In that case… see you all back home,” Jake smiled as he turned to leave, heading for some of the people he had to visit before going to the Demon Prince. He wanted to finish all other business first in case something went wrong with that ritual, and he would have to flee Nevermore City. Not like that was going to happen… when did anything bad ever happen when people tried to do rituals that included ancient Devils and Demon Lords?

Within a vast library, a being was sitting with legs crossed in mid-air while holding a large tome. All was still until suddenly, a hole in space was formed, and a figure appeared.

”He is annoying, isn’t he?” the floating god said with a sigh as he put down the book he had been reading. ”Way too unpredictable. Then again, that isn’t only hurtful to us but to his dear Patron, too. Say, what was his mental state like during your grand apology?”

”Confusion overshadowed nearly every other emotion as he seemed unsure what our goals were. At least in the beginning,” Ell’Hakan answered, totally fine with not beating around the bush but getting straight onto business. ”However, he seemed to realize about halfway through, at which point he suppressed his emotions for the most part. He isn’t very good at it, though. He definitely isn’t a fan of the change in narrative and still seems keen on getting personal revenge.”

”Not anything we didn’t expect,” Yip of Yore nodded. ”Say, what was his emotional response regarding you insinuating he should abandon his Patron?”

”Multi-faceted, but thoroughly lacking in one vital emotion… there was no anger, an emotion I would very much expect from someone being told to abandon their god,” Ell’Hakan said with a smile. ”He also clearly didn’t disagree with any of my assessments regarding his lacking loyalty towards the Malefic Viper, nor my insinuation he is entirely his own person. One thing is certain: Jake Thayne holds no faith in his heart toward the Malefic Viper, even if he does seem to have a generally positive view of the Primordial.”

Yip of Yore nodded slowly. ”That is likely what keeps him with the Order.”

”That, and he would hurt his Path if he left,” Ell’Hakan added.

”Hm? No, not particularly,” Yip of Yore said, Ell’Hakan feigning surprise.

”What do you mean it won’t?”

”He just needs to become a heretic,” Yip of Yore shrugged. ”The system has plenty of safeguards if you choose to abandon a god. In fact, should the Malefic Viper die after he becomes a heretic, he may even become a Usurper. Hm, just imagining it is a bit exciting… to be a Usurper of a Primordial’s Legacy.”

”Perhaps it may even be put on the table as a potential advantage should he abandon the Malefic Viper,” Ell’Hakan pointed out.

”No, let some things remain unspoken,” the god shook his head. ”In fact, let us not focus too much on the Chosen of the Malefic Viper for now. Allow Valhal to handle him, and let’s see if they manage to recruit him, as that would be the best outcome. Killing him at this point would only lead to far too many problems, and quite frankly, I find it uncertain if you would even be capable of slaying him.”

”He is powerful, yes… but-”

”No buts,” Yip of Yore interrupted him. ”His story is too strong right now. Too many are interested in his Path and where it will take him. As of this moment, he is the worst kind of opponent for you, as fate is on his side, so to say, making him far more difficult to deal with than otherwise. If you want to kill him for personal reasons, you need to do it under the proper conditions and framing.”

”Very well,” Ell’Hakan relented. ”As you say, let Valhal handle recruiting him.”

”In the meantime, you know what you have to do. Make your preparations for the Prima Guardian and ensure everything is in place. Even if things have gotten a bit annoying, we will continue as otherwise planned. You may believe this entire debacle was a major setback, but in truth, I do not view it as such. Instead, I see it as an opportunity,” Yip of Yore said as he stood up. ”The Malefic Viper’s prestige is getting more and more tied to his Chosen, meaning should he lose him, the impact will be far grander. And let’s be fair, if we set all the conditions right, the Chosen of the Malefic Viper will abandon him for greener pastures. You should know that better than anyone.”

Ell’Hakan was taken aback. ”What do you-”

”Don’t think I am unaware of your backup plan with the Holy Church,” Yip of Yore grinned. ”I’m not angry about it or even disappointed. In fact, I’m elated that my Chosen is not some moron who would throw all his eggs in one basket.”

It took him a moment before Ell’Hakan realized. ”You’re certain that-”

”Please, do you really think I would gamble everything on getting rid of some Chosen to weaken the Malefic Viper?” Yip of Yore said with a smile, interrupting again. ”Any strategy so reliant on a single element like that is prone to failure… especially seeing as there’s truly only one factor that matters in situations like these. One thing that will ultimately decide the victor.”

Yip of Yore looked down at the mark left by the Malefic Viper’s touch on his shoulder as he traced it with a finger, the mark disappearing wherever his finger touched before he allowed it to reappear again. ”Power. And between me and that washed-up Primordial… well, I got a slight edge.”




***
Chapter 884: Having A Cold One


***






Jake had a few places he wanted to stop by before heading back to Earth. He first went to a few of the factions that had congratulated him on his Leaderboard placement. He did this primarily to be polite and stuff, but this entire tour was also done for one other reason: politics. Well, and optics… but it all fell under the same umbrella of political bullshit.

Before he had gone to visit anyone else, he made his way back to the Order of the Malefic Viper and said hello to Viridia. He even met Draskil there, who seemed a bit annoyed at having failed to place in the top 250, but he was still nice enough to give Jake a congratulations for his achievement. The Malefic Dragonkin had done pretty okay in his own right, but he simply wasn’t a crafter at all, making him pretty darn screwed when it came to some of the Challenge Dungeons, and while his party was alright, they had only reached floor seventy-five and not even done the event boss there.

Anyway, while meeting these two was nice, the one he had come to the Order compound to meet wasn’t Viridia or Draskil, but a certain snake that he found sitting in a chair on a terrace overlooking the vastness of space spreading out beyond the ring that was Nevermore City. It was a sealed-off area, and Jake passed a barrier as he made his way there, ensuring no one could see or hear their following conversation.

As Jake approached the terrace, he had already seen the ice bucket with bottles in it, making him smile. Jake walked onto the terrace, the god sitting in the lawn-chair not even turning to look at Jake as he raised a bottle. “Take a seat and grab a cold one.”

Jake didn’t need to be told twice as he took a bottle, popped off the cap, and sat down. Taking a big swig, he felt the sweet beer run down as throat as he breathed out, satisfied. “Some good stuff. Where’s it from? Doesn’t taste like any of Valdemar’s; he tends to prefer making ale, I noticed.”

“It’s from my personal collection and quite a good lager. Good enough for when there’s cause for celebration,” Villy answered as he turned and looked at Jake. “So, how does it feel to be the top performer of the All-Time Leaderboards?”

“Eh, not really any different than usual,” Jake shrugged. “I just went from being the best to more people knowing I am the best. The title is nice, though.”

“Titles are nice, and they certainly know now you are quite an outlier. Moreso than before,” the Viper smiled as he kept peering out into space. “You know, I’m just gonna be honest with you… I didn’t think you would actually take the top spot. I had hoped for the top ten and maybe the top spot on the Era Leaderboards, but both you and Ell’Hakan did better than anyone estimated. If you hadn’t been here, he would have had all the attention on him for sure.”

“A bit hurt you didn’t think I’d do it,” Jake grinned. “Though I will say it wasn’t easy, and I did get kind of lucky with the Challenge Dungeons. I could straight-up cheese the hell out of one and did pretty damn well in nearly all the others.”

“Luck is such a fickle word. You may think you got lucky, but you need the skills to create that luck for yourself. It’s impossible to design any scenario where some will not have advantages, and your Bloodline can create advantages in many situations, making it incredibly hard to restrict unless you want to make the challenges themselves overly restricted,” the Viper explained as he finished his first bottle and took out another from the ice bucket.

“I guess Ell’Hakan also had his advantages,” Jake muttered before smiling. “Oh well, who cares? I did it, and that’s all that matters.”

“True, true,” Villy nodded, taking another swig before looking a bit more serious. “Good job in there. You did pretty damn well.”

“Glad to impress,” Jake smiled, also quickly finishing off his first bottle before taking another.

“After this, you will have even more eyes on you than before. Being my Chosen and a Bloodline Patriarch with an incredibly potent Bloodline that may or may not include your abilities as a Harbinger of Primeval Origins already makes you a person of interest. Now you have added on an extreme level of talent in combat, too, not to speak of the Records attained from topping the Leaderboards,” the Viper said, still looking pretty serious.

“Before, you were just a young talent they hoped to maybe make use of for your unique abilities… but now that has changed, at least somewhat. To all the divine factions, you were just a mortal who would die off in a relatively short amount of time, and all they really needed from you before this happened was for you to spread your Bloodline and maybe use your abilities related to Primeval Origins. Even if you never helped a specific faction with any of these things, they knew that the amount of help you could offer was limited by your lifespan. However, now… now you have introduced another factor they need to consider with some level of seriousness: the possibility of you becoming a god.”

Jake looked confused at Villy as the snake god explained, as he tilted his head. “Becoming a god was always the plan and definitely a possibility.”

Shaking his head, the Viper chuckled. “It’s the plan for most young geniuses, but words, hopes, and intentions are cheap. I am sure every single individual in that little party today fully intends to become a god, but statistically, it would be impressive if even a few of you attained immortality. That’s why it was never really something the factions bothered to consider, as the chances were so low. This is no longer the case. Even if your chance is still incredibly low in their eyes, it’s now high enough to consider seriously.”

“Why am I feeling offended by that notion…” Jake muttered.

“In their defense, they are acting on incomplete information. They are not fully aware of your Bloodline, though they do have a better idea now. At least Valdemar does, having seen your little fight in the Colosseum of Mortals,” Villy explained. “But we both know what happened in that arena is far from everything, and at this point, I’m just looking forward to what more surprises you are hiding.”

“Speaking of incomplete information… a certain orange bastard approached me during the get-together,” Jake said as he quickly explained what had happened with Ell’Hakan inside the conference hall. Due to the barrier made by the Wyrmgod, not even the Viper had been allowed to look inside, meaning their little encounter was a surprise to him.

After Jake was done talking, the Viper just shook his head. “I had not expected them to take such a direct approach. But yes, you are definitely right that they no longer view you as a target to kill but still one to separate from me. And in many ways, their approach is correct. You are gathering so much attention these days, and I’m getting so many benefits with you as my Chosen. In nearly all ways, that’s good, but should you choose to abandon me as your Patron, Yip of Yore would be able to turn all my gains against me, turning your exceptionalism into a demerit for me.”

The author's content has been appropriated; report any instances of this story on Amazon.

“Damn, too bad that’s not even an option,” Jake said with a smile, now already on his third beer. “Say, if I wasn’t bound by my weird Path and could bail at any time, would you be concerned?”

“Concerned about you abandoning me, or concerned about the effects of you abandoning me? The distinction is important,” Villy asked, clarifyingly.

“Bit of both, I guess?”

“I wouldn’t really be concerned about you abandoning me, but the effects if my Chosen did abandon me would be annoying for sure,” the Viper explained. “While I don’t have your instincts, I get the feeling you aren’t the type to jump ship just because there are rumors the boat is taking in water. You’re more the type to shoot an arrow at whatever bastard tried damaging the hull.”

Jake smiled, as he did still wonder: “Ell’Hakan and Yip of Yore are still clearly confident, though. I get the feeling those two aren’t the types of people to act with this much confidence if they don’t have a reason. Exactly how strong is Yip of Yore, actually? Thus far, I kind of got the impression he is a high-tier god who can jump to be close to the top-tier using his weird storytelling skills.”

“Hm, I believe I told you he killed off an entire Pantheon shortly after ascending to godhood, right?” the Viper asked.

“Yeah,” Jake nodded. He did remember the Viper briefly mentioning that and the notoriety it gained him as the top god of the last era.

“Well, I didn’t include that this particular Pantheon included a Godking and a Godqueen. He slaughtered them both easily, and when others tried to hunt him down for revenge, he killed all those, too, including one surpassing the realm of Godking. He is… well, before you were around, he was known as the biggest genius to ever appear in the multiverse, and as of this moment, he is a god no one can say with confidence they would be capable of killing without him at least being able to escape. All of this is to say that even without all his tricks, he would be considered a pinnacle god, and with them, I can understand why he would have the confidence to aim for the very top. Especially so when his target is me, a Primordial who hadn’t exactly been doing much for the last many eras. In many ways, he is a counter to someone like me, as much of my reputation is based on stories of old, and that’s very much his domain,” the Viper gave a lengthy answer, seemingly fine with sharing quite a lot of information.

Jake frowned a bit at the long answer as he did have one question. “If he appeared right here, right now, would you be able to kill him?”

“That isn’t a question worth considering,” the Viper shook his head. “I wouldn’t even try.”

“Would you be able to at least fight and beat him if he tried to kill you?”

“Now, isn’t that the question of the era?” the Viper just smiled as he motioned for Jake to take another beer. “I will not answer, though. While it may sound silly to you, speaking things into existence and the concept of jinxing can begin to seem very real when you get to my level.”

Jake was silent for a moment as he sighed. “Alright, alright. Anyway, was me staying silent good or bad during Yip’s Chosen’s speech?”

“I don’t think it matters overly much,” Villy shrugged. “He would have found a way to get his message out no matter what, and in some ways, it’s good he gave you an official apology like that. It proves he was the original aggressor and the one who initiated an antagonistic relationship between you and him. That he is the one chasing you and not the other way around. It also helps further establish they are no longer interested in simply killing you. Ah, but do note that should a situation presents itself where they could kill you without the backlash, they would definitely take it.”

“Well, I would take the opportunity to kill him too if I got the chance,” Jake shrugged.

“And I’m sure he is also well aware of that and will ensure to never put himself in such a position… unless he wants to, that is. Because that is the one good excuse he can have to fight and kill you: that he was merely defending himself from the mad Chosen of the Malefic Viper. I’m sure he would spin some story as long as it has the fundamental truth that you attacked first behind it, likely even putting the blame on me entirely. Should he win, that is. If you kill him, who cares?” the Viper briefly explained.

Jake just nodded as he emptied out his current bottle and got another. “To change the topic, you said there would be more interest in me now from major factions… how exactly will that materialize? Will I get bothered more than before?”

“Surprisingly so, no. They will likely leave you alone a lot more. I’m sure you kind of even noticed it today. While the young talents of different factions may have invited you to visit or wished to form positive relations, they will do so in a calmer and more casual tone from now on, and many of them did it out of personal interest to try and forge relations to the top of their generation.”

“That’s… good?” Jake said, a bit surprised. He had fully expected to be bothered more than before. That was kind of the norm he had gotten used to. Stand out more equals more attention, equals more people coming up to bother him and trying to make him join their factions and stuff.

“I would say it is. What you mainly accomplished was to prove that they are not really in a rush to get you. Even if you don’t become a god, many of the factions now have high confidence you will at least reach A-grade, giving you a significantly increased lifespan and thus more time for them to, at the very least, borrow you for a few decades. Should you become a god, they also want to ensure they formed a good relationship with you before ascension, even if they did fail to recruit you. If you are the next Yip of Yore, that would definitely be in their best interest,” the Viper explained before sighing. “Though… Jake, I am truly sorry. I know the implications of this are disappointing.”

“What?” Jake asked, confused.

“They won’t stop, but there will be less now…”

“Yeah, not taking that bai-“

“Your beloved honeypots! Woe is you to no longer be chased by the young maidens, hoping to ensnare the illustrious Chosen Harbinger of Primeval Origins. It’s truly a disaster,” the Viper said, looking at Jake with extreme pity. “But don’t worry, I am sure some will still try and shoot their shot, even if it’s not heavily suggested by their factions.”

“You know? I think I’ll survive,” Jake said in a deadpan tone.

“Stay strong, my Chosen. Keep up that façade,” Villy gave him a pat on the back.

“Oh, would you look at the time! I have an appointment I must attend!” Jake said, smiling at the Viper. “Gotta help that Cerulean Demon do a big ritual with some Heart Fragment of the Cerulean Devil or something.”

“Hm? That sounds fun; tell me more,” the Viper suddenly seemed interested, and Jake gladly shared the details he knew.

“Yep, definitely fun, and I would go for it,” Villy nodded. “Even if you have to spend some of your unique energy, I still think it would be worth it. Not often you get a possibility like this, and making friends with demons is always nice. They are very reliable when they owe you. Oh yeah, and the levels and Records would also be nice.”

“Knew you would be on board… but what if it goes wrong? Pretty sure that Cerulean Demon will be fucked if the ritual fails, or worse, it backfires on him,” Jake voiced his concern.

“Oh, yeah, if that happens, you need a backup plan,” the Viper said, looking deep in thought for a second. “Alright, two things. First of all, have them sign a waiver. Secondly, have those movement skills ready, and should things go south, just run the fuck away and act like nothing ever happened.”

Jake stared at the god for a while. “Good idea with the waiver.”

“Yep,” the snake god grinned. “Ah, but before you head there, stop by the Valhal compound and stay there for a little bit, yeah? And don’t hide it when you go there; let all know you went to visit them. And do so after going to a few other factions. Gotta at least keep people guessing if you are considering your options.”

“More politics?” Jake sighed. “Oh well. Cya around, good talk.”

“See you,” the Viper said, as he followed up with a message sent through something Jake had quite frankly missed… their divine connection. “And good to have my very own personal livestream – with direct communication - back.”




***
Chapter 885: A Day Of Forced Socialization In Nevermore City


***






Jake walked out of the terrace and through the Order compound while making sure to swipe a dozen or so beer bottles from the somehow endless ice bucket on the way out. He had a few places to visit before it was time to head back to Earth. As Villy had talked about, he at least needed to make it look like he was actively forging and maintaining relationships with other factions, especially Valhal. That’s also why he would visit there last, as he planned on spending a few days in their compound. He needed a few days anyway, as he came to learn on his way out of the Order’s base.

Two messages had been left for him. The first of which was by someone associated with Aeon Clok, who was to deliver a present for winning the bet for the time mage on the final City Floor. Jake had honestly forgotten it, but now that he was reminded, he looked forward to seeing what the mage had that could help his time banana not-a-tree at home.

The second message was from the Cerulean Demon, saying where to find him and asking if Jake was still interested. If he was, a disc detailing the ritual and the preparation the demons had made was also included for him to look through, which was part of the reason he would need to spend a few days at Valhal’s compound. He needed to look through it and familiarize himself with the ritual, and he may as well do that there.

Okay, Jake did kind of lie about there only being two messages… there were actually a few dozen, but only two of them were actionable. The rest were just pleasantries and invitations for different things, most of which Jake planned on just entirely ignoring. And by ignoring, he meant having someone else send back a diplomatic message, a job that would likely fall to some poor administrative worker from the Order who would be all stressed out about responding for him. Oh yeah, and he also told them to respond to the Demon Prince first and say Jake was interested and would come by within the week.

With all that done, Jake ventured outside as he first went to a small shop in Nevermore City that the first letter directed him toward. It turned out to be a small job on the outskirts of Nevermore City, far enough away so that Jake had to use a teleporter to get there, as flying would simply take too long.

Before he even entered the shop, he saw it was buzzing with customers. Enough so that there was a line out the door, making Jake reconsider if maybe he should come back later, but he didn’t get that chance as he got a telepathic message while he was considering his options.

“I have been expecting you, Chosen of the Malefic One. Please, come in through the back entrance,” the voice said, as he felt the one speaking to him inside the building. Sadly, he couldn’t see them with his sphere, as the inside was spatially expanded, distorting everything.

Doing as asked, Jake snuck his way around back and through a small door. Once inside, everything expanded as expected, and Jake saw himself standing within a pretty large workshop with a dozen hobgoblins working. None of them even looked up as they all looked deep in focus, but one hobgoblin did walk toward him from across the room.

“Welcome to our little shop, Chosen of the Malefic One. And congratulations on your performance… to think the new champion of the All-Time Leaderboards would visit my humble little shop,” the hobgoblin said with a sigh as he smiled.

Jake instinctively did an Identify, and confirmed what he kind of already knew. This was another follower of Aeon Clok, and a B-grade one at that.

[Hobgoblin – lvl ??? – Greater Blessing of Aeon Clok]

The fact that all of the hobgoblins were working on watches of different kinds should definitely have been a clue.

“I got your invite and was told you had something for me,” Jake said, not really super interested in sticking around longer than necessary.

“Of course, of course,” the hobgoblin said, still smiling. “The young master said you helped him acquire quite the wealth, and we were even allowed to reward you from his own stash. Please, I hope this item can be of utmost assistance and suit your needs.”

The hobgoblin waved his hand as more than a dozen large plastic bags about the size of a human torso appeared and fell on the ground. Jake instantly realized what he was looking at as he used Identify on the contents of the bags through the clear plastic.

[Primed Manure of the Timeless Simiiform (Legendary)] – Manure created by A powerful B-grade Timeless Simiiform variant, a monkey-like beast that infuses its manure with the concept of time to defeat its foes. This manure is infused with powerful time energy and has been primed to be easily absorbed by any plant with the time affinity by an outstanding crafter. Limited alchemical uses due to the priming.

Honestly, what had Jake expected when he asked for something to help his banana musa? Also, he found it oddly coincidental this manure came from a monkey, considering he had originally found the tree in the possession of a time magic monkey.

“Is the Chosen satisfied?” the hobgoblin asked, a bit nervous as Jake didn’t say anything.

“Hm? Oh yeah, this is good,” Jake nodded as he swooped up all the bags. “I do have a question, though. Is there some form of correlation between monkeys and time magic? This is not my first time encountering such a beast.”

“Why are you… no, not in particular, based on what I know,” the hobgoblin said, looking confused. “Maybe there is, and I’m just ignorant on the subject.”

“I see,” Jake just nodded, assuming it was just a coincidence. “Thank you for the bags; I will make sure to put them to good use.”

Jake turned around, prepared to leave the same way he came in, as the hobgoblin stopped him.

“Uhm, sir… this may be too much to ask, but would you honor us by fulfilling a simple request?” the hobgoblin asked, fidgeting a bit.

Yeah, Jake really wasn’t in the mood for more work, but before he could say anything, the hobgoblin continued. “Could you maybe leave through the front entrance?”

“I guess?” Jake said, not really thinking much of the weird request when he did hear it. However, the hobgoblin grinned from ear to ear as if he had just won some massive prize.

“Right this way, my lord,” the groveling time mage said as he motioned for Jake to go through the workshop.

Honestly, Jake had gotten a lot more bags than he expected, so he just did this small and insignificant favor as he walked out through a door leading to the back and entered the store behind the counter along with the hobgoblin store owner.

The author's content has been appropriated; report any instances of this story on Amazon.

Once they did, all eyes turned to them as the attendant manning the counter backed away. The store was filled with customers who saw Jake and the hobgoblin… okay, they mainly saw Jake, and damn did he feel glad he had worn a mask for his little outing.

“Thank you once more for your visit, Chosen of the Malefic One,” the hobgoblin said again as he led Jake out of the store as the sea of people opened a path for them. Jake just followed along as he heard people murmur while they all looked at him before. They finally got outside, and the hobgoblin bowed one final time.

“Please feel free to ever come again, and we will gladly be of assistance once more.”

Jake suppressed a sigh as he decided to just be nice and play along and nodded. “I shall if I ever find the need.”

With that, he turned and walked off, with luckily no one following him. Through his sphere, he saw a single tear run down the hobgoblin store owner’s cheek as he smiled. Yeah, Jake was pretty damn sure he had just lost out on this transaction, even if he had been given a dozen bags of legendary manure… maybe he should do  jobs? Well, it wasn’t like he needed any money…

Anyway, Jake hurried along with his day as he headed for his next destination. He wanted to avoid being on the streets as much as possible because, quite frankly, he attracted a bit too much attention. No one actually approached him, but nearly everyone couldn’t help but gawk his way when he just wanted to casually pass by. Annoyingly so, he couldn’t just try and sneak around either, as he did want to be seen visiting all sorts of different places.

After the “shitty” shop visit, Jake decided to go to a small base belonging to the Altmar Empire next. He only went there briefly to thank them for their congratulations and was naturally met by some high-ranking young talents from the faction whom he briefly interacted with. He did the same with a few other factions, including those he knew people in. He spent a few hours at both the Risen’s base and the one belonging to the Court of Shadows while he tried to be faster in those only filled with strangers. A bit surprisingly, many of the young talents from the factions had already left Nevermore City, so he couldn’t meet many of them, but luckily, Casper and his little brother were still there.

He also avoided going to places like the Holy Church. The Dao Sect wasn’t an option either, as they didn’t really have any base, and Jake wasn’t even sure Eron stuck around. Needless to say, the void-related people such as Arnold didn’t have some big base either, seeing as they were so rare, but he still tried to make it a point to visit everyone he knew who belonged to a major faction.

Soon, after many hours of way too much socializing and politicking, Jake finally reached his final destination: Valhal.

Luckily, there was a teleporter pretty much right outside the compound belonging to the mercenary war fanatic faction. Speaking of their compound… yeah, it definitely put the Order’s to shame. It was massive in size and included far more buildings. There was even a large arena smack in the middle of everything, not to mention the many personal residences spread around the outskirts, all sealed behind thick walls and magical circles. The amount of spatial expansion was also minimal, allowing Jake to get a good look at everything before he even entered using a Pulse of Perception.

The entrance was a large wooden gate with a single guard standing outside. Well, more than a guard, it was a greeter of some sort, and the guy instantly spotted Jake as he appeared at the teleporter that pretty much only people who were visiting the compound ever used.

Jake didn’t doubt he sent some kind of message, as four presences appeared within only a few seconds. He recognized none of them, but from their auras, it was clear the man in the center was in charge. The man was two full heads taller than Jake and had a pretty slim build compared to the three around him, who were all bald, muscular dudes wearing fur and leather clothes. The man in charge wore a pretty nice robe, as Jake felt the use of Identify on him, and responded in kind as he identified the man he felt pretty damn sure was S-grade.

[Human – lvl ??? – Divine Blessing of Olav the Wise]

“Apologies for the disrespect. I merely had to confirm,” the man said as he cupped his hands and bowed. “Welcome, Lord Thayne. I am Olaf the Not-Yet-Wise, the current head of Valhal’s presence in Nevermore City. Well, for mortal affairs, anyway. ”

Jake instantly noted two things. First of all, poor guy having that name, his god must really hate him. Secondly, they called him Lord Thayne and not any of his other titles. Jake felt like this wasn’t merely coincidental, almost as if they would prefer to not call him the Chosen of the Malefic Viper.

“Glad you would have me,” Jake simply answered politely, taking extra note of the many scouts who had an eye on him. He counted… about four hundred people? With more than a dozen of those gods, not counting Villy who had definitely enjoyed Jake’s day of going around doing social stuff.

“We’re never going to say no to an honored warrior who wants to visit,” the man smiled as he motioned for Jake to come in with him. “Ah, I also believe the Runemaiden of the War God has been informed of your arrival. She should arrive shortly as long as she is not preoccupied.”

“It’s fine either way; I can go see her myself,” Jake said, making the man named Olaf raise an eyebrow before just smiling and nodding.

“Naturally. The Runemaiden has her own residence in the northeastern section. However, I do believe she is coming either way, if for nothing else but to show you around the compound,” the man explained. “The entire compound outside of any private residences will naturally be open to you, and you are free to enjoy any amenities as if you were already a part of Valhal.”

Jake nodded and walked through the gates together with the guy called Olaf. It was only now that Jake fully entered the compound, and he felt the majority of observers be cut off by the defenses of Valhal. Soon, the remaining gods also cut off their connection, likely to avoid offending anyone they shouldn’t offend, leaving Jake with only his usual scaled stalker.

Also, Jake didn’t doubt that the fact they had that entire conversation with so many onlookers was entirely on purpose. Especially the last part about him being treated as if he was “already a part of Valhal.”

It was as unsubtle as you could get without outright stating they wanted Jake to join. Jake also didn’t rebuff the statement, likely making many assume he was, at the very least, considering it. That, or Jake truly sucked at reading between the lines, even if what was written between said lines was barely a font size smaller than the actual lines.

The latter was definitely a possibility if Jake didn’t have political stuff hammered into his head over and over so many damn times.

Soon, the words of Olaf were proven true as he saw Carmen approach from afar… and he was pretty sure she had been preoccupied when he arrived. At least her two red fists and blood-splattered clothes indicated she had been busy.

Vilastromoz had indeed enjoyed Jake’s day of socializing as he still sat within the Order compound and relaxed. There was just something special about his Chosen going around trying to act all polite while feeling awkward, making others assume he was just prideful or haughty due to his reserved attitude. It had been fun in Nevermore, but it was even more fun now that Jake’s awkwardness could have an actual impact on multiversal politics.

But, hey, at least Jake hadn’t done too badly yet. The Viper had nearly expected him to have accidentally proposed to some young princess or something like that at this point, but sadly, that had yet to happen. Oh well, he still had many chances.

As the Viper was just relaxing, a figure walked toward the room he was sitting in. He felt the aura of an unknown god but quickly saw this god’s appearance, and before the other god could even open the door, the Viper made a small request. “Well, hello there. Hey, could you do me a favor and turn that smile upside down?”

The door opened, and the Viper saw the smiling visage of the unknown god, whom the Viper already had a very good idea who was.

“You already know that is not an option,” the god… no, Eversmile, responded.

“True, true. But always worth a shot,” Vilastromoz nodded. “Now, why the impromptu visit?”

“I take it your Chosen didn’t share anything about brief interaction within the conference hall?” Eversmile asked.

Vilastromoz raised an eyebrow. “No, he didn’t, but now you sure got me curious.”

“No matter, I shall not waste time for either of us: what are those boots he is wearing?”

The Viper was a bit surprised by the question. However, he quickly understood but played dumb as he smiled. “Oh, yeah, I know. They look so old and unsightly for a Chosen to wear them. He should really get them fixed by a leatherworker or something, huh? I’ll be sure to give him some proper leather-maintenance product next we meet.”




***
Chapter 886: The Mystery Deepens


***






Should Jake question why Carmen was half-covered in blood? Maybe. He didn’t overly care, though, as he waved when he saw her come over. “Hello again.”

“You got here faster than expected, huh? Didn’t anyone wanna host you longer or what?” Carmen commentated, and Jake saw his escort grimace at her curt tone. Even the poor S-grade threw Carmen a look, which she seemed to not notice or care about. As things should be.

“No, they all threw me out on the streets,” Jake said with an exaggerated sigh. “I only came here because I accidentally started four or five wars due to my sheer political incompetence and reckoned Valhal would be on-theme as my next visit.”

“Oh, so you’re looking to hire us, eh?” Carmen smiled. “Not gonna be cheap. I hope those potions have been selling.”

“If all else fails, I’ll just have to take out a payday loan… or does Valhal do commissions on credit? I can pay back in installments,” Jake kept joking.

“If the Chosen desires to hire any mercenari-“ one of the three bald warriors commented as Carmen threw him a look, making him shut up.

“For fuck sake,” she muttered before looking back at Jake. “See what I’m working with here?”

Olaf also sighed at the warrior, who looked confused for a moment. It appeared as if he had the situation explained to him telepathically in the next moment, as he looked like he wanted to somehow make himself smaller. Quite a tough task for someone of his size.

“Oh well, that killed the mood,” Carmen shrugged. “Guess I should do that formal stuff. Welcome to the Nevermore Valhal Compound or whatever the official name is.”

“Thanks for having me,” Jake smiled. “Now, I feel like it’s only polite to ask, but who did you just beat to death?”

“Hm? Oh, yeah, no. I was just having some light spars with some of the young ones who just got here and talked shit and groups who already did Nevermore and didn’t accomplish fuck-all,” Carmen scoffed, clearly annoyed. “They were bitching about there being no one from Valhal on any of the top 10 Leaderboards; who the fuck gives them the right to talk? These are groups who didn’t even hit the top 1000… they deserved a good lesson.”

“I see,” Jake nodded as he smiled teasingly. “Say, why didn’t Valhal take any of the top spots?”

Carmen glared at him as she shook her head. “Because we had a few dead weights in the party, and the Challenge Dungeons were absolute shit. Seriously, they sucked ass, every single one of them. Test of Character only tested how much bullshit I could keep up with, Neverending Journey was like going back to my old retail job, Minaga’s Labyrinth was just shitty equations and puzzles, House of the Architect was a bloody waste of time, and the one with any promise, Colosseum of Mortals, was ruined by its idiotic rules.”

“I would have thought you would do decently in the Colosseum?” Jake questioned.

“See these,” Carmen asked, raising a hand. “Yeah, right now, I can catch a speartip or use my palm to deflect swords. In the Colosseum, I would lose a damn hand if anything sharp hit it. I had to go back to how I fought before, making me feel like I regressed, and ultimately I had to pick up some fist weapons and stuff… it sucked.”

Jake slowly nodded. “Yeah… does sound like a bit of an oversight, honestly.”

“Sure as hell does,” Carmen sighed. “Anyway, wanna go show off in front of them or have a look around first?”

“Are you offering a tour of the compound?”

“I feel like Olaf here would get mad if I didn’t,” Carmen said, throwing the S-grade a smile.

“It does sound like I’m no longer needed here and am just getting in the way,” Olaf said with a nod. “I will be in the central building if there is anything. Do not hesitate to come by.”

“I’ll keep that in mind,” Jake responded as he saw Olaf leave, the man not even trying to hide his smile from Jake and Carmen’s interactions. It was pretty understandable why, too. Jake and Carmen didn’t make it a secret they were close, and if Olaf had been tasked with trying to make Jake feel welcome, it had to be a huge relief to see the two of them interact.

“Now, what do you wanna see first?” Carmen asked once the guy was gone as she pulled out a washcloth and cleaned herself up a bit.

“Any recommendations?” Jake asked with a raised eyebrow.

“Just a few. First of all, we could go check out the arena and maybe even go for a bit of a spar if you’re up for it and not afraid of me hurting your pride. Secondly, we could go check out some of the training facilities, as Valhal has some interesting ones, including an archery range where you can spatially expand the range itself. Third, we could visit my personal residence, where having another kind of spar is possible,” Carmen offered, giving him a knowing wink.

“You know what… I think I’ll take the second one first,” Jake responded. “A spatially expanding archery range sounds pretty damn cool.”

“Right,” Carmen smiled, shaking her head. “My place is this way.”

Jake looked at her weirdly as Carmen stopped herself mid-step. “Wait, you’re serious?”

Scratching the back of his head, Jake couldn’t help but look toward where he thought this training area was. “We can go to your place after?”

Carmen looked at Jake incredulously for a bit before just shaking her head and smirking. “Fine, let’s go play at the archery range… man, are you a nerd sometimes.”

“Maybe that’s what it takes to reach the top of the Leaderboards,” Jake said, trying to look deep in thought. “Arnold also placed pretty highly, you know.”

“Man, fuck you,” Carmen sighed. “We’re definitely also making a visit to the arena later.”

“Does sound kind of fun,” Jake agreed. He was genuinely interested in seeing just how strong Carmen had become.

He could feel her aura, and it felt kind of… odd. It was incredibly stable, to the level of it being unnatural. Usually, people leaked energy all the time, but Carmen barely gave off anything. He knew part of the reason for this was her lack of mana, but even with stamina, one burned it all the time just moving around. Carmen surely did, too, but it seemed either far less than everyone else, or she had some way to keep everything internally somehow.

It had to have something to do with her unique Path as a Runemaiden. A Path that definitely was powerful, as the presence she did leak was unmistakably a top-tier one. So, a little visit to the arena to see just how tough she had gotten sounded fun, and he wouldn’t say no to another kind of spar before or after either.

But first… archery range.

And, damn, was it everything Jake had hoped for.

“So I can just turn this knob and… wow,” Jake muttered as he stood with a control panel floating in front of him. Turning a single knob, he saw the target move further away and come closer again, based on how he adjusted it. There were several other buttons, too, some of which added different kinds of targets, changed the nature of the environmental mana, and even summoned projected creatures for aim practice.

The narrative has been stolen; if detected on Amazon, report the infringement.

What’s more, it had different “modes” for everything from D to A-grade. Jake was currently in the B-grade version, where he could expand the range to what looked like an entire planet away. The only limitation was that Jake had to stay on the metal platform he was on, or everything would return to normal.

Carmen was with him, standing with her arms crossed as she looked at Jake, playing with the options. “You like it?”

“This is beyond my expectations,” Jake muttered. It felt as if he was in some sci-fi virtual space, but everything was real. The spatial expansion was just insane, though it was done using some ingenious means. By limiting what had to move within the expanded area, the space had to be far less stable all around, while it also didn’t have to house any living beings. It also didn’t really add any details when it expanded space, making it far, far more efficient. Still had to take up a lot of energy, but definitely not as much as one would expect… because Jake learned another interesting detail.

“Apparently, it was made by the Altmar Empire, and they made it by first creating the largest possible archery range and then shrank that down, making any expansion far, far cheaper, as spatial shrinking is a lot easier. Valhal has a few similar training grounds here and there similar to this, though in many cases, they also just make custom dungeons to practice within,” Carmen shared.

“I should definitely look into getting one of these myself,” Jake said as he pulled out his bow and shot a few arrows. All of them hit, as Jake tried to expand the range a bit more before he took more shots.

“Is it just me, or are your arrows somehow accelerating the further they fly?” Carmen asked with a frown.

“Yep,” Jake nodded.

“That… doesn’t make much sense.”

“Nope,” Jake agreed.

“But I guess it’s pretty damn useful,” Carmen muttered.

“Definitely is.”

Jake ended up spending another three hours or so in the training hall, also seeing some of the other facilities. There were some things Jake had never even considered one might need, including what was effectively weight-lifting equipment.

Carmen explained these weren’t really to train but to become more aware of your own power and how you applied your different muscles while completing tasks. This area was also pretty damn busy, and Jake saw many members of Valhal be engrossed as they did their practice.

While stats did mean the majority, the ability of each individual to apply those stats still mattered a lot. The difference between getting punched by someone who knew how to throw a punch and someone who didn’t wasn’t small, and with ethereal elements such as concepts also getting more and more mixed into every action one made, things got even more complicated.

Theoretically, Jake understood why someone might need machines like these… it was just that he couldn’t see why he, in particular, would need them. He already had a good grasp of his own power, and he felt as if he was pretty decent at using his body optimally. At least he felt like he was good at it.

It had to be noted that anyone who could reach C-grade already had a high understanding of themselves and that the differences wouldn’t be like the one between a professional and an amateur. It was more like that of an athlete and a top athlete.

“Wanna give it a shot?” Carmen asked as they stood before what looked like a shoulder press machine.

“I guess,” Jake shrugged as he took a seat.

“Remember, it’s not about using your full power on this one, but all about efficiency,” she reminded him.

Needless to say, a small crowd had gathered at this point upon seeing the Chosen of the Malefic Viper. They all looked on with interest as Jake grabbed the two handles and lifted up without really thinking much, making sure to engage the right back muscles by instinct. He did a few lifts, keeping a consistent pace before stopping.

“This does bring back memories of going to the gym before the system,” Jake smiled as he got up. “Anyway, how did I do? Does it even have some way of measuring?”

Carmen just looked at Jake with a glare. “Alright, time to visit the arena.”

“Why?” Jake asked, genuinely confused.

“Just… fuck you,” Carmen muttered as he turned and saw the machine did have a small display he hadn’t seen before. And, well… 99.95% did seem like a good percentage if Jake said so himself. The approving looks he got all around from the observers also confirmed Jake was indeed a master lifter.

“Did I break a record or something?” Jake asked Carmen as they walked out.

“You broke my damn record,” she said, shaking her head. “And by so little that it’s annoying.”

“… sorry?” Jake muttered.

“Just allow me at least one good punch in the arena, yeah?”

“Yeah… having seen some of the punches you’ve thrown in the past, not gonna make that promise,” Jake said defensively as they approached the arena.

On the terrace, the Viper was still smiling as he teased the shapeshifter, not really paying much attention to Jake playing around at the Valhal compound.

Eversmile’s visage changed as he returned to his “usual” form. He stared at the Viper with a level of seriousness the god rarely displayed. A look he had seen his fellow Primordial have several times before and always in the same circumstances.

He’s starving… starving to know what’s going on. The mystery is too intriguing for him to handle,” the Viper concluded, as he couldn’t help but broaden his smile even more.

Eversmile cared about studying karma more than anything else in the entire multiverse. The intrinsic web of connections formed between people, locations, objects, and anything that ever interacted with a soul. He wanted to explore every detail in an environment where details were infinite.

Over the years, he uncovered more and more as the “big” mysteries started to disappear and most of the time, he was actively seeking out new scenarios through his own experiments to make new major discoveries. However, now he had been faced with a new mystery when he saw Jake wearing boots with a powerful and unusual connection to the Malefic Viper, and even if it wasn’t necessarily that big of a mystery, it was still-

“You know exactly what I mean… why do those boots have a powerful karmic connection with every single Primordial, myself included?” Eversmile asked as the Viper’s smile instantly disappeared.

“What?

He… did not know that.

“What do you mean with what?” Eversmile said, getting riled up. “You gave him those boots.”

“The system did,” Vilastromoz said, deep in thought. “Can you explain what you meant when you said those boots have a powerful karmic connection with all of you?”

“Exactly what I said. Those boots are connected to us, and I cannot discern the cause,” Eversmile said. “My best theory right now is that this is due to your Records as a Primordial bleeding into them over time, which managed to form a karmic connection between the boots and anyone else with the title of Primordial. Boots, as equipment, represent the art of travel, progress, and shortening the distance between two destinations… it is theoretically possible for some of these concepts to have led to this, but I believe there is more behind it.”

The Viper remained silent as he listened to Eversmile talk with a fervor he rarely displayed. He understood why, too… because Vilastromoz earnestly wasn’t certain either. The boots were connected to him, yes… but also the First Sage. If it was him…

Deciding not to hesitate, the Viper waved his hand as a projection of a human man appeared. “Do you recognize this person?”

It was naturally a projection of the First Sage. It was odd, but Vilastromoz had never shown him to even another Primordial. In fact, he hadn’t thought overly much about his first and only Master for many eras. It was only now his name suddenly appeared so much… the Viper pretty much knew it had something to do with Jake. He definitely didn’t believe that any random person would have been rewarded with the same boots. They had been given to Jake specifically.

Eversmile looked at the projection closely, studying every detail before shaking his head. “No, I do not. Why? Who is he?”

Vilastromoz smiled as he looked toward the sky. “You know… these days, I’m asking myself that more and more.”

“Is he related to these boots?” the other Primordial pressed him.

“More likely than not,” Vilastromoz nodded as he dispelled the projection.

“Who is he? What’s his name?” Eversmile asked, clearly intrigued who this mysterious figure might be.

“I actually never learned his name, but he was known as the First Sage,” the Viper responded with a nostalgic smile.

Eversmile kept staring at the Viper oddly as he just stood there for a moment, as it felt like an eternity passed before the Primordial asked again. “So? Are you going to tell me why those boots carry a karmic connection with all twelve of us Primordials?”

The Viper frowned before shaking his head at the rare Eversmile joke. “Very funny. Good one.”

“Good one, what?” Eversmile asked, showing signs of genuine frustration.

“Wait… you’re not fucking with me, are you?” Vilastromoz said as he stood up. Without waiting for an answer, he summoned the projection of First Sage again. “Do you know who this is?”

Eversmile looked at the projection… studying it closely once more as if it was his first time seeing it, before shaking his head. “No, I do not. Why? Who is he?”

“The First Sage.”

Silence returned as the seconds ticked by.

Eversmile suddenly furrowed his brows and got a serious look in his eyes. “This… we were discussing the boots and their karmic connection with every Primordial... but…”

Finally, the other Primordial realized what was going on at about the same time as the Viper did. They stared at each other in realization as Vilastromoz and Eversmile muttered the truth they had both realized in unison.

“Forbidden Knowledge.”

This just left one grand question… why the fuck was information about the First Sage considered Forbidden Knowledge? Actually, make that two grand questions… why could Jake know about it?




***
Chapter 887: Forbidden Knowledge


***






Eversmile departed soon after, even more perplexed than when he arrived. This left Vilastromoz alone back on the terrace with his own thoughts as a deep frown marred his face. A lot of things weren’t making any sense right now. For something to be Forbidden Knowledge was… not normal.

To clarify, for the system to hide information wasn’t anything new at all. Restricted Knowledge was a relatively simple term, as it just referred to knowledge restricted by the system, as the name very obviously implied. It wasn’t any big secret either, and everyone encountered it throughout their Paths. Hell, it was what restricted people from sharing information about the Nevermore Floors or Challenge Dungeons to those who had yet to do the World Wonder.

This Nevermore example also nicely showcased another aspect of Restricted Knowledge: it varied widely to whom knowledge was restricted. For Nevermore, people like Jake could now talk openly about the World Wonder with anyone else who had either done it or wasn’t capable of doing it. In other words, anyone who had done Nevermore, or anyone at B-grade or above, could openly talk and hear about the C-grade version of Nevermore.

Forbidden Knowledge was a step above Restricted Knowledge. It was knowledge one was incapable of sharing at all with anyone but others who also already knew… with it many times even being a truth only you knew. In many instances, it also restricted people from ever learning these truths, to begin with, and simply being told Forbidden Knowledge was impossible.

Impossible for anyone but the Malefic Viper, that is. Because the concept of Forbidden Knowledge did not exist to him. He possessed the Bloodline of the Immortal Mind, a Bloodline that did nothing but give him perfect memory… which meant that he never forgot even that which was forbidden. Vilastromoz was likely the only one in the multiverse who could simply be told something that was considered Forbidden Knowledge and remember it.

This led to him being called the Keeper of Forbidden Knowledge by certain beings. Especially the Void Gods referred to him as such. Unsurprisingly, considering that they knew more Forbidden Knowledge than even the Primordials, and Oras had gleamed many secrets, he could now only share with the Malefic Viper. This led to the Viper safekeeping a lot of knowledge that many would consider useless… but could be highly valuable for someone seeking to use the system cleverly.

However, the thing that still made no sense about the First Sage was… he had not been Forbidden Knowledge before.

It wasn’t as if no one knew about the First Sage before Jake became the Viper’s Chosen. He had mentioned him to several people throughout the ages… yet this kind of response had never happened before. He had spoken for hours with his wife, and he even remembered referring to the First Sage a few times when he taught Sanguine back in the day, as the would-be creator of the vampire race sought to create a Transcendent skill, and the First Sage was naturally an expert at that.

Back then, there hadn’t ever been a problem, and while people were certainly alarmed whenever the Viper spoke of this C-grade master of his, they could definitely remember their conversations. What had changed besides Jake making contact?

He had to get to the bottom of this as he had to confirm something and remembered a certain someone. Vilastromoz had not shared anything about the First Sage with many… but his right-hand hydra had known about his existence for sure. Without delay, he had one of his avatars seek out Snappy within the hydra’s own realm.

“Master! To what do I owe the-“

“Skip the pleasantries,” the Malefic Viper interrupted the hydra, Snappy instantly realizing the Viper was being serious.

“What’s the issue?” the Lord Protector of the Order of the Malefic Viper asked.

“Do you remember someone called the First Sage?” the Viper asked, closely studying the hydra.

For a few seconds, there was no reaction before the hydra questioned him. “Did you just attempt to share Forbidden Knowledge?”

“Apparently, I did,” Vilastromoz frowned even more than before as he clenched his fists. For Snappy to have forgotten… this was a lot more than something simply getting a new designation as Forbidden Knowledge.

The Malefic Viper knew only of one precedent where this could happen. Removing existing memories that were already ingrained in the Records of a Truesoul was something the system never did. To take away long-term memories could be damaging in far too many ways, as the risk of it hurting someone’s Path was simply too high.

However, it could happen, just not by the system causing it. The only time he had ever encountered this was as an aftereffect of one of the most feared and powerful Transcendent Skills in the entire multiverse: Karmic Annihilation. Eversmile’s Transcendence.

The ability to remove someone from existence. To kill them completely, erasing even the Records and all memories anyone would have ever had of them. Complete and utter death, in every sense of the word. It was such a powerful technique that even Eversmile would find himself affected, unaware of who he had used it on. He would know he had used it, but all memories of why and who would be gone, and that was naturally far from the only backlash he would suffer.

To summarize… he could delete someone and turn anything related to their existence into Forbidden Knowledge.

Only the Malefic Viper would remember.

This wasn’t caused by Eversmile, though. The Viper would have felt if it was… but it was likely caused by something similar. A Transcendent Skill cast by someone else, and it wasn’t hard to figure out who. The First Sage was the one behind this. He had made his own existence into Forbidden Knowledge, and the Viper had no idea why.

The First Sage was dead. He died in the first era.

No ifs. No buts. He was dead.

Vilastromoz had refused to believe a being like him would simply have died, and he had done all he could to confirm the death of his master until he finally got it confirmed by the system itself. Even now, the Viper did not doubt this fact.

He was dead… yet now he was sending echoes through time. For what purpose, the Viper truly couldn’t comprehend, but… it had to have something to do with Jake, right?

Jake had no idea about anything the Viper was doing, as he was busy being in quite the situation himself. Standing within an arena, Carmen stood opposite him, wearing her leather armor with a big grin on her face. The stands around them were absolutely filled to the brim with members of Valhal who wouldn’t miss out on a fight between the Chosen of the Malefic Viper and the Runemaiden of Valdemar to save their lives.

By now, Jake was kind of regretting agreeing to this, but Carmen had insisted, and he did want to have a spar with her. He could do without the audience, though. Before they began, they also had to set some ground rules because there was no way they would fight at full power.

If you discover this tale on Amazon, be aware that it has been unlawfully taken from Royal Road. Please report it.

“What do you say to no active or boosting skills?” Carmen asked. “No limited items either.”

“No bow also seems like a good restriction,” Jake generously added a further handicap to himself.

“Dude, we’re in a small arena; I would be impressed if using a bow was even feasible without any active skills to create distance,” Carmen said in a deadpan tone.

“You underestimate my bowmanship,” Jake smiled.

“Fine, no bow either, then,” Carmen ended up agreeing. Jake wasn’t entirely bullshitting, either. Even if the arena was only about a hundred meters in diameter, Jake was still confident he could have used his bow quite nicely.

The two of them looked at each other for a moment as the crowd cheered loudly. Even Olaf had shown back up, acting as the judge and the one to make sure they didn’t accidentally end up killing each other. Not that Jake thought that was an actual risk, but better safe than sorry.

“Are both combatants ready?” Olaf asked. “Remember, no active skills, boosting skills, limited items, and the Chosen is not allowed to use his bow.”

“Ready,” Carmen nodded as she bent her knees.

“Read-“ Jake tried to say as Carmen shot forward, straight for him.

Fast.

Jake swayed to the side as the fist flew by him, the air vibrating from the blow. Carmen quickly pivoted and did a follow-up, but Jake backed away as he dodged five more quick hits while he retreated further and further back. The crowd cheered as his back was pushed up against the back wall of the arena.

Trying to take advantage, Carmen struck right for his stomach as Jake simply looked down as the blow struck him. He felt all the air being pushed out of his body as he was smashed into the hard stone wall, a solid imprint of a fist on his stomach.

Carmen looked confused and took a step back as Jake got back up and smiled as he wiped the blood from his lips. “You’ve gotten stronger for sure.”

“Why didn’t you dodge?” she asked, perplexed.

“Felt like you needed to at least get one hit in,” Jake said in a calm tone as he spread his hands apart and a katar appeared in each. “Remember our last duel?”

“Yeah? I think I do?” Carmen asked, confused.

“Let’s just say I expect a better performance out of myself this time around.”

Jake still remembered their fight a long time ago. Back then, Jake – to put it nicely – had no idea how to fight in melee properly. He was pure instinct, which did serve him well, but in front of a skilled fighter, he would be in trouble on the offensive front.

However, all that was before Jake got lessons from his other self, who had spent years creating a proper melee fighting method. It was before Sim-Jake… and now Jake was more than eager to see the difference as he decided it was his turn to go on the offensive.

Stabbing forward, Carmen avoided the katar as she tried to counter – something that had worked well for her before Jake’s improvements – but Jake had expected it as he countered her counter. Her fist was deflected slightly to the side as Eternal Hunger struck Carmen in the shoulder… and Jake felt like he had just struck solid metal.

Carmen stumbled back as Jake’s hand hurt from the impact. Even so, he didn’t stop as he attacked again, this time trying to use his Blackpoint Nanoblade and its slightly higher penetrative effect compared to Eternal Hunger.

However, Carmen was ready, as she dodged to the side, throwing a punch as Jake also dodged. The two of them attacked half a dozen times each, both dodging all the blows of the other before Jake finally found an opening. The Blackpoint Nanoblade was slammed down into Carmen’s thigh… only for it to once more fail to penetrate as it slid down the side of her leg, nearly throwing Jake off-balance as he barely managed to jump away.

“Damn, you’re tough,” Jake said as he landed. “It’s like trying to attack Sandy.”

“Did you just compare me to a giant space worm?” Carmen asked, sounding offended.

“A giant Cosmic Genesis Worm,” Jake corrected her. “A very important distinction.”

Carmen didn’t seem to care much about vermeology as she responded by attacking again, Jake gladly meeting her offense. The two of them rapidly moved through the arena, Jake dodging every attack of Carmen, while the vast majority of his own blows also missed. Those he did hit barely seemed to do anything either, as their battle saw little progress.

One thing became clear after a good while. Jake was faster than Carmen, but Carmen had more raw Strength. Durability-wise, Carmen also had a massive edge, and she likely also had more Endurance due to her stamina-only Path. However… in every other category, Jake had her handily beat. He simply had far more raw stats than her, and while hers being focused on only a few stats did allow her to keep up, the disparity was clear.

Without skills, though, Jake couldn’t really show off many of his stats, allowing their fight to look relatively equal. Then again, even if Jake could use skills, he probably wouldn’t want to because one other thing was also pretty clear… this was a lot of fun.

Jake smiled as he and Carmen traded blows, the woman also enjoying the bout even if she failed to land any blows. Several minutes passed, and despite little changing, the crowd and the combatants were fully engrossed in the fight as the two fighters got more and more accustomed to how the other one fought.

“Would you mind if I changed things up a bit?” Jake asked as they clashed for what felt like the hundredth time.

“Still no active skills,” Carmen reminded him as she deflected a katar and tried to punch him in the chin.

“It won’t be,” Jake smiled as he dodged another attack and landed a solid kick, making Carmen slide backward.

Before she could fully stabilize, the area lit up as the ground below her exploded with destructive arcane energy. Jake didn’t hesitate to continue his attack as Carmen lost her footing, slamming a katar into her stomach. As a follow-up, more than thirty bolts of destructive arcane mana popped into existence around him, which he promptly sent forward.

“No active skills,” Olaf reminded him with a frown.

“It’s not,” Jake smiled, leaping forward to strike alongside his arcane bolts.

Even if his melee hits did little to nothing, Jake still believed his arcane energy should have some effect. At the very least, it should lower her durability somewhat and allow Jake to do some actual damage… at least, that’s what he hoped would happen.

It wasn’t.

Attacking in tandem with all the exploding bolts, Jake expected them to create an opening but instead just found Carmen grinning as she charged straight through them. A large explosion erupted as all the bolts went off, and through the explosion, Jake saw Carmen’s form. Runes lit up wherever bare skin could be seen, as the arcane energy did nothing… no, it did do something. Just not anything good from Jake’s point of view.

With runes glowing intensely, Carmen suddenly sped up, as she flew through the explosion and appeared before Jake sooner than he had expected. He dodged her first blow, but she managed to barely grab onto his clothes as she pulled him in and punched him in the chest, sending him flying back.

Jake stabilized in mid-air as he did a somersault and landed on the ground safely. “I thought no active skills.”

“All passive,” Carmen grinned as the runes on her body faded.

“A pretty damn overpowered one at that,” Jake muttered.

“You find it strange the runes of a Runemaiden are powerful?” Carmen threw smirked. “Also… I think this makes it two hits.”

“Aight, you got me,” Jake also smiled. Though in his defense, he had not seen that coming at all. He kind of expected Carmen to have high magic resistance, but what he had just seen was far above that. Those runes hadn’t simply negated the mana; they had absorbed it and temporarily turned it into a burst of power.

It was like she had a Palate of the Malefic Viper skill… just against magic. This also explained why her aura felt so off and muted. She was absorbing energy at all times, making it look like there was less in her immediate vicinity.

“Let’s see how you respond to this, though,” Jake said as another dozen arcane bolts appeared around him, making Carmen scoff.

“Pretty sure you already saw the result once.”

“Nah, I feel like this time will be different,” Jake said as he charged once more, seemingly repeating his move from before.

Carmen likely suspected something was off but still charged in kind. Right as they clashed, the arcane bolts hit Carmen… and didn’t explode. Instead, they struck her like hard crystals, throwing her slightly off-balance and allowing Jake to put proper power into his blow as he stabbed her in the stomach.

The Runemaiden was blasted back from the impact, smashing into the back wall making a nice human imprint. However, more than that… a small trickle of blood ran down her stomach, where his Blackpoint Nanoblade had barely managed to penetrate.

“So you can bleed,” Jake said as Carmen pushed herself loose. He saw her wound was already healing, but he felt satisfied managing to at least do some damage. She really was ridiculously resilient, though Jake knew this resilience came with other drawbacks.

“What the hell were those bolts?” Carmen muttered.

“I’m sure you’ll figure it out,” Jake said as more appeared around him.

“Damn straight, I will,” Carmen gritted her teeth as she kicked off the wall behind her, making a section of it collapse as she launched herself toward Jake.




***
Chapter 888: Pillow Talk


***






”But it’s actually just pure mana?” Carmen asked, still not entirely believing Jake’s claims. ”Definitely didn’t feel like mana.”

”Pure arcane mana,” Jake corrected her. ”The stable variant, that is.”

”Hm, the stabby ones did feel borderline identical to the exploding ones… though the exploding ones maybe felt a bit more aggressive in nature?” she pondered aloud.

”They are definitely more aggressive, hence why they wanna explode,” Jake smiled teasingly as he turned his head and looked at Carmen, who was lying with her hands behind her pillow, staring at the ceiling.

The two of them were currently at Carmen’s place in Nevermore City, inside one of the private residences available only to top members. As someone who had been able to attend the get-together for those who did well on the Leaderboards, Carmen was naturally viewed as a top member. Then again, even if she had done horribly, the mere fact she was a Runemaiden of Valdemar was already enough to get her this designation.

Their duel in the arena had gone on for a few more minutes, but ultimately, there was little progress on either side. Jake could do some minor damage here and there, but Carmen was self-healing quite well. At the same time, Carmen couldn’t land any good hits on Jake. Finding a winner would have required them to keep going until one of them ran out of resources, and while Jake didn’t doubt the crowd would have enjoyed that, Jake and Carmen couldn’t be bothered.

Without any skills, their resources would have lasted for hours, and who really had the time for that? Sure, they could have switched over to using skills, but the arena spar wasn’t a real fight, and if Jake was being honest, he didn’t want to reveal his skills in front of a crowd.

After their fight, they had naturally both been a bit worked up and decided to go to Carmen’s place to ”compare notes” and ”reflect on their battle.” Which was definitely what they did. Definitely. Why else would they now both be lying naked in the bed?

”Maybe I should also work on getting an arcane affinity,” Carmen muttered. ”Then again, the only two people I know with one are you and Eron… well, besides the gods and stuff.”

”It isn’t like arcane affinities are necessarily better either,” Jake shrugged. ”They just seem like that because the affinity naturally fits the person who made it extremely well. Look at Sylphie; she just has the ”basic” wind affinity, and I sure as hell wouldn’t call that weak.”

”Pretty sure she has more than just basic wind. I heard something about Sylphs being a thing, and I’m pretty sure she’s related to those,” Carmen pointed out.

”Still just wind affinity,” Jake shook his head as he sat up. ”Maybe empowered a bit and of a certain flavor, but it’s still wind magic.”

”Hm, I guess you’re right,” Carmen relented as she looked deep in thought.

”Honestly, I’m more curious as to how exactly your level of durability even makes sense,” Jake said as he leaned over and poked her arm. ”Feels and looks like soft human skin, but it felt like striking metal whenever I hit it.”

Carmen didn’t even comment on his pokes as she also sat up. ”I guess it’s a mix between reacting to what is considered attacks and not attacks mixed with… what did you call it again? System-fuckery? Yeah, that thing.”

”Huh. Well, thank fuck for system-fuckery, then. I assume this is also why you can move normally despite your durability and tough skin? I would assume it to be less flexible by default.”

”Probably,” Carmen semi-agreed as she opened and closed a fist. ”It’s pretty sweet, though. I used to be really careful when fighting, and I had to make sure not to take any hits… now, I can take quite a beating without much struggle while giving plenty more back.”

”That actually got me thinking… this Runemaiden stuff also empowered your internals, right?” Jake asked curiously.

”Yep, it’s all-around,” she said with a grin. ”Though some parts are more affected than others. My bones and skin more than anything else. So, pro-tip: if you ever need to kill another Runemaiden, aim for the eyes. That’s probably our biggest weakness.”

”Thanks for the tip, but I was more thinking: how nerfed were you in our little spar? I remember you using a lot of boosting skills that took a heavy load on your body, and these must be a fuckload more powerful now, right?”

”You bet my boosting skills are a fuckload better now,” Carmen grinned. ”But I’m not gonna act like I would have had an advantage with boosting skills. Sure, mine may have been better than yours, but I’m not confident they would have allowed me to land anything decisive. Besides, you would also have way stronger offenses if that happened, and while I’m tough, I’m not invincible. Using boosting skills too much also negatively affects my durability; I learned that the hard way quite a few times in Nevermore.”

”I see, I see,” Jake nodded. ”Say, is it okay for you to be sharing details about Runemaidens like this?”

”Who cares? Valdemar sure as fuck doesn’t strike me as the sort of guy who would,” Carmen shrugged unbothered before turning a bit more serious. ”He does seriously want you to join Valhal, by the way. Gudrun is also entirely on board, and after your Leaderboards placement, I doubt anyone would dare protest.”

”I know he’s interested,” Jake just smiled, not really touching on the subject further. Even if he trusted Carmen, he wouldn’t share with her details about how his relationship with the Malefic Viper truly was. The fewer knew about his status as a Heretic-Chosen, the better.

”Personally… I don’t really think you should join,” Carmen said after a few seconds.

”Hm?” Jake exclaimed, surprised.

”Think about it. If you join, you’ll likely be made the Chosen of Valdemar, or at least someone with a higher position than me, which will make things really fucking awkward. Moreover… I wouldn’t want the competition,” she said, smiling during the last part.

”You’re aiming to become Valdemar’s Chosen?” Jake asked.

”Sure as fuck giving it a shot. I need to if I want to even try and keep up with all of you other damn monsters… seriously, why the fuck are so many of the strongest people in this generation from Earth?”

”Not a clue,” Jake smiled, shaking his head, at least happy to know others shared those feelings.

”It’s just weird,” Carmen sighed.

The two of them didn’t say more as they were silent for a while. After a bit, Jake took out the disc he had been handed by the Demon Prince, having decided to read it over. Carmen saw him take it out, Jake having already explained to her earlier he planned on spending a few days in the Valhal compound, partly to study this disc.

Seemingly not wanting to disturb him, Carmen got dressed and went out into the courtyard of her personal residence to do some training. Jake got curious and decided to see how she was training before he fully immersed his mind in the disc.

He saw her take up a position in the middle of a small open area as she closed her eyes and took deep breaths. Then, her eyes shot open as she punched forward, followed by several more strikes into thin air. She barely moved faster than a regular pre-system human as she boxed with a seemingly invisible opponent, and she even dodged and weaved in between unseen blows. After about a minute, Jake realized something. The way she moved, dodged, struck…  was similar to their spar. Not in that it was the general moves, but the entire flow was recognizable.

Unauthorized use: this story is on Amazon without permission from the author. Report any sightings.

She’s shadowboxing a version of me? Jake questioned as he looked at her practice a bit longer. Even from within the building, he could feel the odd energy surrounding Carmen and her intense and unbroken focus as she was entirely immersed in her imagined fight. Some pretty powerful concepts were also at play, and Jake even felt some faint energy come out of the ground beneath her. With a second inspection, he noticed that the huge magic circle spanning the entirety of Valhal’s compound faintly responded, a small part of it active, seemingly facilitating and assisting in training like this.

It really is a peak faction for fighting fanatics, huh, Jake thought with a light smile. With things like this and the archery range, maybe Jake should just see if he could join Valhal as an honorary member. Or, at the very least, blackmail Villy into giving him cool stuff like the archery range.

He really wanted an archery range.

Jake looked on only a bit more before he decided it was time to focus on his own matters. Delving into the disc, Jake began to study the proposed ritual by the Demon Prince, and his first impression was that it felt… kind of familiar? It definitely had many conceptual aspects in common with some of the rituals Jake had done before. There was also a lot of new to it, though, and it was a more complex ritual than anything Jake had ever done before. Besides maybe the one that helped birth Vesperia, however, that ritual had been one that required several stages and whatnot, while this ritual would be a one-and-done.

He also saw that he would not be doing this ritual alone. Several C-grade demons would assist him, but Jake would be the main maestro. The conductor who controlled everything. It was a bit similar to the ritual he had done with Mystie and Hawkie to help hatch Sylphie. This one would require the other helpers to do quite a bit more than Hawkie and Jake had to back then, but everything would be up to the discretion of Jake.

In fact, Jake was pretty quickly beginning to understand why the Demon Prince had asked him. This ritual was not one created to be performed by a C-grade, especially not a mid-tier C-grade. Moreover, based on Jake’s analysis, the person performing the ritual had to be within only a dozen or so levels of the Demon Prince, or it simply wouldn’t work due to the disparity in quality. While each grade was a massive jump, each level within every grade was also a small step, and having someone atop the staircase try to do this ritual wouldn’t lead to any good results for the demon.

Coupled with the extreme requirements of the ritual master – the one in charge of the ritual – Jake could see how it would be difficult to find someone qualified. It was also easy to see, especially when the Demon Prince also factored in Jake’s identity as the Harbinger of Primeval Origins, that Jake seemed like perhaps the best choice in the multiverse. And while the process of creating creatures like Vesperia was a lot simpler than most probably expected, it still wasn’t easy.

With all of this in mind, one ultimate question remained: did Jake have confidence in pulling off this proposed ritual?

Well, he would give it at least a fifty-fifty. It was definitely harder than anything he had ever done before, but Jake had also grown a lot stronger since he last did any major rituals, outside of the one with the Twinhead Ogre, but that was more fucking up an existing ritual circle.

Over these last fifty years, he had definitely progressed a lot when it came to ritualism. In addition, he specialized in Soul Ritualism, which this ritual definitely fell under. From his analysis, the primary bottleneck with this ritual also wasn’t pure skill or the knowledge of the ritual master but as much the insane minimum requirement of control and stats. There was a lot of powerful energy to keep track of at once, and some of this energy would be related to the Cerulean Devil. Most wouldn’t even dare try and touch anything related to a god… but Jake didn’t really care overly much.

One annoying thing did become clear, though.

I’ll need to throw in some Jake Juice as a binding agent of sorts, he noted to himself. Not a lot of it, just enough to nudge things to merge together. Maybe other alchemists or ritual experts could find some way to make them merge without this method, but Jake sure as hell didn’t know any. With what he was reading from the disc provided by the Demon Prince, the demons sure didn’t have any set plans either but would ”leave the merging process entirely up the Chosen’s discretion.”

A nice way of asking him to please figure out how to do it.

He already had a rough idea what kind of approach he wanted to take after just checking over all the information once, but he still had to fully familiarize himself with the role of every one of his would-be assistants and get a comprehensive understanding of everything that would go down. At least one good enough so that he could handle everything that went wrong on the fly by following his instincts.

Jake did also have to consider the-

”Damn, you’re deep, you’ve been at it for hours,” Carmen’s voice interrupted Jake’s train of thought as he opened his eyes and stared into Carmen’s that were right in front of his face.

”I’m focused,” Jake smiled as he didn’t move. ”And for the record, I did see you coming.”

”Sure as hell didn’t react.”

”Why would I?” Jake kept smiling.

”Out of politeness?” Carmen shot back, leaning slightly closer. ”Maybe I wanted something?”

”And what may you want?”

Carmen smiled deeply as she leaned in and whispered in his ear: ”I want you to touch me… with Touch of the Malefic Viper.”

Jake’s smile faded as the mood quickly died, and Carmen leaned back with a big grin on her face. ”More specifically, I want to see if you can get through my defenses.”

”I see you’ve upped your game when it comes to mental attacks,” Jake said as he pushed her off the bed with a small push.

She landed easily on her feet, still grinning. ”Or maybe the target was just too susceptible to this particular kind of attack. Now, are you up for it?”

”Alright, but it isn’t my fault if I melt a limb off,” Jake sighed as he also finally got off the bed and got dressed.

”Eh, I can always get a new one,” Carmen shrugged. ”By the way, have you learned to pop out new limbs yet? I nearly could before my Runemaiden Ritual, but my body is a bit harder to heal now, mainly because of how damn resistant it is to pretty much all kinds of energies.”

”I think I’m pretty close if I use a healing potion,” Jake answered. ”Though I tend to avoid losing limbs in the first place. Also, can we talk about how little sense it makes that healing a damn hole in my chest seems easier than a severed hand? I know why it works like that with the Soulshape and all, but still, it’s weird, right?”

”Weird for sure, and no one else seems to think so,” Carmen sighed as the two of them walked outside into the small courtyard.

”Truly indoctrinated by the power of system-fuckery,” Jake joined her in sighing. ”Now, are you ready to have your arm melted off? I have been meaning to test my newly improved skills with acids using Touch, and this seems like a prime opportunity.”

”Give it your worst,” Carmen said as they both sat down with their legs crossed as she stretched out her arm.

Jake put both hands around her forearm as he looked at her. ”Ready?”

”Already told you,” she said unbothered.

”Here we go then,” Jake said as he activated the skill.

Runes lit up all over Carmen’s body as he did so, and he felt the sheer resistance as his hands began to glow dark green. A crackling sound echoed throughout the courtyard as he saw Carmen grimace, the runes shining brighter and brighter by the second as Jake kept pouring in the energy, her skin turning a shade darker.

Jake felt the resistance grow but after an assuring look from Carmen, he kept going. Her arm was definitely slowly getting affected as the runes absorbed more and more of the deadly energy, but Jake just kept pushing on harder and harder. He kept going for nearly half a minute until suddenly, Jake felt all the resistance disappear as all the runes in her arm fractured.

”Oh shi-” Carmen tried to exclaim but never got further as something that should perhaps have been predicable happened.

Her entire arm exploded, launching Jake and Carmen away from each other, splattering blood all over both of them. Jake even had to react at the very last moment by using Eternal Shadow as bone fragments flew for him, each of them giving off an intense sense of danger as he felt like each of them could have pierced pretty damn deep.

As the dust settled, Jake saw Carmen stand back up, missing her left arm at her shoulder, with cracks forming from her shoulder down her upper body. A bit of poison had even leaked in, but he felt it quickly be consumed as only the runes on her body had been destroyed.

”You okay?” Jake asked as he himself was uninjured after he had his Eternal Shadow take the brunt of the explosion.

”I’m all right,” Carmen said, grinning as she looked at her missing left arm. ”Get it? All right.”

”That joke was bad, and you should feel bad,” Jake said, as he nevertheless failed to hold himself back from smiling. ”Did you at least learn something useful?”

”Not to let people with glowing hands touch me for too long at a time,” Carmen said as she took out a health potion and consumed it as she looked at her right arm. ”Wanna try again? I kinda wanna see if I can actively resist it…”

Jake looked at her for a moment incredulously before just shrugging. ”Sure, you even got two legs, and I have plenty of mana to spare.”

”Glad to see we’re on the same page,” Carmen smiled, seeming almost excited at the prospect.




***
Chapter 889: Time To Make History


***






Spending time with Carmen was always eventful, and Jake thoroughly enjoyed it. Maybe it was because they were very much on the same wavelength, and both had a bit of a screw loose. Then again, which talented individual didn’t have a bit of a screw loose? It was pretty much a requirement in Jake’s mind.

Carmen was just his type of weird. Both were driven, fighting maniacs and were willing to do dumb shit to try and progress. Their little experiment with infusing her with Touch of the Malefic Viper was a prime example of this. Through their brief experimentation, they discovered that the problem wasn’t the amount of energy Jake infused but that Carmen was sitting still while he did it.

If she moved around and punched, the energy would be dispersed faster than even Touch could infuse it. What had happened was simply that the energy piled up too much for no reason. Jake also had to admit that the entire experiment was quite beneficial to him. It was rare he had the chance to use Touch on people without them dying pretty quickly, and especially to use it on someone with such high resitance to the skill.

Overall, it was a great time for them both, even if Carmen ended up losing a few more limbs before they figured stuff out. While she recovered and trained by herself, Jake worked on the Demon Prince ritual, making sure no time was wasted.

Anyway, he and Carmen had spent four good days chilling in the Valhal compound before it was time for Jake to head toward the Demon Prince. He had considered staying a bit longer, but he had gotten quite excited about pulling off the ritual once he had fully formed a plan in his mind. Shit, he had even made a few minor changes to make the ritual suit his particular set of skills better.

When Carmen saw him off, and he left the compound, Olaf was naturally also there, along with a few others who gave him knowing looks. In retrospect, maybe spending all his time alone with Carmen inside her private residence could lead to some unforeseen rumors. Not that it hurt Jake in any way, and these rumors had been around ever since their meetup on Minaga’s City Floor anyway… they weren’t exactly wrong either.

”I guess I’ll see you back on Earth,” Jake said as they stood at the exit of the compound.

”If you remember to show up,” Carmen teased him.

”Eh, I’m pretty damn sure someone will remind me if I don’t,” Jake played along. He had never missed a system event so far… but it had been kind of close a few times, hadn’t it?

”Worst case, we’ll just handle this Prima Guardian on our own,” Carmen said with a shrug. ”Shouldn’t be that hard, though I do expect our Guardian to probably be the most powerful in the ninety-third universe. At least that’s what Valhal’s intel indicates with how many Primas we killed.”

”Let’s hope so! That way, it can put up a good fight,” Jake said, looking forward to the fight in… slightly less than two years now.

”For sure,” Carmen agreed. ”I’ll probably be back on Earth before you, so see you there.”

”See you,” Jake said as he also said his goodbyes to Olaf and those muscly dudes who always accompanied him before he headed off toward the Demon Prince. Even if he was looking forward to this Demon Prince ritual, he was also looking forward to getting back to Earth and seeing how things had changed there.

They had been in Nevermore for just about three years in Realtime with the time dilation, putting the intensity of the dilation at about 16x. It was not extreme but far from insignificant either.

Jake also learned that he had been a bit misinformed regarding some things with Nevermore. Because one thing had kind of bothered him. When he initially heard about Nevermore, he was told that the time dilation would get stronger the more floors one did, but with how everyone seemed to finish so close to one another, he didn’t really feel like that was the case.

Well, it turned out that it did exist… it was just really dialed down for those competing on the Leaderboards. So rather than it going from 10x to 25x, the version he had done only went from 14x to 17x or something like that. Jake didn’t know for certain, but he had a feeling this had something partly to do with the upcoming system events and whatnot and to make sure that those who did badly wouldn’t end up being late. Either way, for all the other versions of Nevermore, the difference would be way more noticeable,

Either way, as Jake made his way to the Demon Prince’s place, he made sure to be seen leaving Valhal’s compound. A few teleports later, he was at what looked more like a grand estate rather than a compound. It was just one large building with two smaller ones off to the side, with a tall wall surrounding it all. It somehow looked both more prestigious and less prestigious compared to the Valhal compound, and it definitely gave off a ”rich people live here” impression.

Not that Jake should be talking, with his residence at the Order of the Malefic Viper and vast personal wealth.

The residents of this mansion clearly noticed Jake before he even fully arrived, as he saw the Demon Prince walking toward the opening gate as he approached, ready to greet him. The demon looked elated upon seeing Jake, making him guess the demon hadn’t necessarily believed he would actually show up.

”Welcome! I must say, I feared for a moment you would be preoccupied with more important matters and be unable to visit,” the Demon Prince said with a big smile as he looked at Jake like he was a living, walking treasure.

”I said I would show up, didn’t I?” Jake answered in a casual tone. ”I’m a man of my word, and having looked over the ritual in detail, I must admit I find it an interesting challenge.”

”Nevertheless, I know the Chosen is a busy man,” the Demon Prince continued as he motioned for him to follow. ”Please, this way. I’m sure you’re curious to see the real thing after studying it.”

Jake nodded as he followed the Demon Prince into the large mansion… and down into the basement. Yeah, Jake felt like someone was pulling his leg. To have a demonic ritual take place in a large creepy cellar was almost too on the nose, but nope, they were entirely serious. What’s more, when he arrived in the main ritual chamber, he saw that everything had been drawn in blood, and the circle was indeed shaped like a pentagon with a pentagram in it.

The pentagon was drawn with equally long lines around the perimeter, with the expected star-shaped symbol formed in the middle by drawing lines between all the different opposing sides. The borders also being well-defined, resulted in a total of eleven areas getting sectioned off.

This tale has been pilfered from Royal Road. If found on Amazon, kindly file a report.

Ten of these would house one Demon Lord Heart each, while the Cerulean Devil would stand in the very center. The ritual looked complicated at first glance, but it was a lot simpler than it appeared. Simple didn’t mean easy, though. Each of those Demon Lord Hearts contained intense power, and Jake would have to manipulate the energy of ten at once. And that wasn’t even close to the hardest part. No, that came when he needed to use this energy.

In the center of the pentagon, the Demon Prince would be the center of the entire ritual and also the one taking the biggest risk by far. Because when Jake gave him the signal, he would remove the crystal from his own forehead, as that gem was what Jake was supposed to infuse with energy. Removing that gem was akin to temporarily severing a part of his soul, and if Jake failed, the outcome wouldn’t be good for the Demon Prince.

Ending up with a broken Path that resulted in him never being able to level up again with debilitating soul damage would be him getting lucky. The far more likely outcome was just death. On second thought, maybe death would be the preferable outcome to getting your soul fucked up…

”What do you think about the ritual?” the Cerulean Demon asked. ”I worked on a lot of it myself with some of the best experts I could find in the field, and this was the best we could come up with. I will also admit it was made after we became aware of your existence, as you gave me and my clan hope to pull something like this off. The entire concept is based on an old ritual that was attempted a long time ago but has never once succeeded. I hope to make today a first because someone like you has never existed before.”

Jake looked at the circle closely, making sure everything matched what the disc had said. It did, and Jake nodded as he looked at he demon, also finally doing a quick Identify.

[Demon – lvl 280]

”This ritual of yours indeed isn’t feasible at all,” Jake answered, seeing the Demon Prince’s smile quickly fade. ”For anyone else but me, that is. But you already knew that.”

”Yes,” the Demon Prince readily admitted. ”If rituals like these were possible with our current means, we would be doing them far more often. If we succeed for the very first time, the gains would be unimaginable. Perhaps it’s foolish of me, but I’m willing to take this gamble and believe in you. Also, to clarify... my elders are very much against this, which is the primary reason we are doing it here in Nevermore City.”

Jake slowly nodded, a few things making more sense now. He also wouldn’t want some junior to pull off a massively risky ritual performed by some virtual stranger. It was peak-gambling. The gains if Jake somehow succeeded could be immense, as the demon said, though.

He understood the mentality of the Demon Prince. It reminded Jake a bit of his own. The demon was willing to take massive risks for a small chance to grow stronger, and he was clearly not willing to just be another demon who would become an elite mortal. He was aiming for the peak, even if it killed him, and Jake could respect that. Jake could also respect that the higher-ups among the Demon Prince’s clan wouldn’t like this, so it was good he had come prepared.

”Speaking of lacking approval from your higher-ups…” Jake said as he waved his hand, and a parchment appeared. A contract.

The Demon Prince quickly scanned it, unsurprised, and nodded. ”A contract between two individuals… personal choice… knowledge of risk… karmic separation… this is a liability waiver and an agreement this ritual does not include either faction in any official capacity?”

”That is what I believe it says,” Jake responded, having to fully admit he hadn’t read the massive contract that thoroughly himself. Seriously, it was so overly long it made no sense it could be on a single piece of paper. However, he had been assured by the Viper this was what he needed, and from what Jake had read, the contract didn’t include some joke clause. Because he could totally see the Viper include a joke clause.

”Well, this is also to be expected,” the Demon Prince said as he, funnily enough, waved his own hand as a contract appeared. ”I will admit mine is a bit less thorough, though. I do not have the authority to declare that should any vengeance be sought due to the outcome of the ritual, the Fourth Hell will officially be declared an enemy of the Order of the Malefic Viper, and the two factions will be at war.”

”Gotta be thorough,” Jake just smiled.

”Indeed,” the Demon Prince said as he made a small cut on his finger and pressed it against Jake’s contract. There was no magic mumbo-jumbo or anything, but Jake did feel a tiny bit of energy get infused into the contract. ”Now, my excitement and anxiety for what is to come next is beginning to overflow… does the Chosen need any more preparation time? If not, I will go fetch the team.”

”Give me an hour,” Jake said as he looked at the ritual. ”I will need to make some very minor adjustments to prime everything for my arcane affinity. It won’t be invasive, more like an extra layer on top that will assist me and keep everything under control more easily.”

”You do not have to explain yourself to me,” the Demon Prince said. ”I’m already leaving my life in your hands, and if you wished me harm, I would have no recourse.”

Quite the pressure, Jake mentally joked as he just nodded and got to work on the circle. The Demon Prince left to fetch the others who would assist him, leaving Jake to do his slight modifications. As he told the demon, he didn’t need to do much, just add some strings of stable arcane mana here and there that more or less functioned like wires. This was one of the great things about his arcane affinity: he could easily mix it with other stuff without it ever interfering with anything. Meanwhile, with a slight mental command, he could activate the strings and use them to channel energy. He had even done something a bit similar with the Twinhead Emperor ritual, and that had worked out well.

Jake ended up taking a bit over an hour to get everything ready, with the Demon Prince having already returned with ten other demons by the time he was done.

”So these will be the ones assisting me during the ritual?” Jake asked as he went over.

”Indeed. All of them are highly skilled mages and ritualists who I’m sure will be of great help,” the Demon Prince said proudly as Jake scanned them.

All the demons assisting him were all between level 275 to 285. Jake’s level 275 was actually on the lower end of the scale, but that didn’t bother him particularly much. When it came to pure power, these demons were… okay at most. However, he could also feel a severe lack of bloodlust from most of them, making him believe they were all more crafters than fighters.

”Well, It’s a pleasure to meet you all,” Jake said, as he looked at the ten clearly nervous demons, half of whom seemed to think this entire ritual was a horrible idea but were still going to do it because a Demon Prince ordered it. ”Before we begin, I would personally advise you to shake off some of that nervousness. While your roles aren’t the hardest, I would be very miffed if one of you ended up fucking shit up for the rest of us.”

Jake said the last part in a slightly threatening tone, as he decided also to apply a bit of the carrot. ”Meanwhile, if you all help make this a success, you will have been part of a ritual to do something likely never done before, all while working together with the Malefic Viper. Seeing as we’re all smart people here, hope I don’t have to explain the significance of that. Oh, and dispel all thoughts of this ritual being impossible. It may be to you, but I don’t see why that should make it impossible for me. I’m pretty good at doing what others believe impossible.”

Were Jake’s words extremely arrogant? Yes, definitely. But he also had to make it clear to the group that he was not there just to fuck around. Based on the feeling he got from the ten demons, his words did seem to have some effect. He wasn’t wrong either… Jake did have a history of pulling off seemingly impossible feats.

”Alright, get in position, everyone, and make sure you’re in peak condition. Let’s make history,” Jake said encouragingly as everyone did as he said with resolute nods. He also exchanged gazes with the Demon Prince, who smiled and walked by him while patting him on the shoulder.

”Let’s make history indeed.”

Jake took a deep breath as he was fully mentally prepared for the ritual. Everything was planned out, and surely… surely nothing unforeseen could go wrong when messing with the ancient fragment of a heart full of Records left by a powerful devil of the past, right?




***
Chapter 890: A Couple Of Major Oversights


***






This ritual was kind of unique in the sense that Jake didn’t really ever do these with the intent of accomplishing something specific. Okay, he knew he wanted the ritual to push some creature toward a more powerful and ”primal” Path, but he didn’t go in with any knowledge of how exactly that would look. He pretty much just went with the flow and let things play out.

In this ritual, he was trying to amplify a very specific Origin.

The heart fragment, which was the centerpiece of the ritual had belonged to a devil. A demon god. To return that to its Origin would be to return it to something closer to the Cerulean Devil. The Records of a god, especially a seemingly powerful one, would simply overshadow any related just to demons in general or anything like that.

Gazing at the ritual circle – which was more of a ritual pentagon – Jake saw everyone had gotten into position. The Demon Prince had purchased ten Crystalized Demon Lord Hearts from other Nevermore Attendees before he even approached Jake in the first place, and while Jake considered if adding his own would help, he quickly realized it wouldn’t. The ritual was made for ten hearts, and Jake also knew numbers could have some weird conceptual significance.

”Everyone, get ready. We begin in sixty seconds,” Jake spoke out to the basement as he felt the tension rise. The Demon Prince sat with his legs crossed in the center of the large magic pentagram within the pentagon, and while he put up a good front, Jake saw his nervousness. Again, pretty understandable.

Seconds ticked by as all the demons did their own final preparations. Everyone had a few potions at the ready, and all knew exactly what their roles were. The one doing the vast majority of the work was Jake, and in part, the Demon Prince, who had to endure the process of tearing his soul apart and hopefully reshaping it into something better.

”I leave my life and future in your hands, Chosen of the Malefic One,” the Demon Prince sent Jake telepathically as he took a deep breath.

Jake didn’t respond directly to him as he stood at the edge of the pentagon. ”Ten seconds.”

The tension was as high as ever as Jake said some final words of encouragement. ”Keep calm, do your jobs, and all will be fine. Seven seconds.”

Jake really wanted to say: ”You don’t have to believe in yourselves; just believe in me, who believes in you,” but he had a feeling that would have made them too confused with only a few seconds left before shit went down.

”Five.”

Taking a step forward, Jake stood at the control point of the ritual.”

”Four.”

Activating his energy, he linked up with the ritual.

”Three.”

He felt all the hearts and the Demon Prince in the center.”

”Two…”

Closing his eyes, Jake allowed his Perception to fully seep into the entire ritual circle as he raised his hands.

”One…”

Red light filled the entire ritual as Jake poured in his energy, and activated the ritual.

”Start.”

As commanded, the first demon ritualist activated his section of the ritual, making the Crystalized Demon Lord Heart begin to crack and leak energy. Jake instantly took control of this leaked energy and forced it into the formation, storing it within.

With a mental command, he made the second demon also activate her part, as the second heart began to let out energy in a controlled manner. Once more, it was forced into the ritual circle as Jake kept track and made sure it didn’t leave its designated area.

A few minutes later, a third heart was activated. Followed by a fourth a few more minutes later. This kept going as the energy levels of the entire ritual and basement were rising at an alarming speed, as Jake allowed none of the demonic energy to run rampant.

Soon, they reached the eighth heart, which was when Jake gave the Demon Prince his cue. Without even a second of hesitation, the Demon Prince’s body lit up with energy as all of the glowing veins on his body activated, and with determination, the gem embedded in his forehead was torn out as it floated upwards, barely connected to the demon through a thin red and blue string.

The lines drawn in the very center around the Demon Prince were also activated, with its function a bit different than anywhere else. It was there to keep him alive long enough for Jake to do his thing, as he was very much under time pressure.

With another command, Jake took hold of the demonic energy as he strained himself. He commanded it to move toward the center of the pentagram and toward the now floating cerulean gem. The gem didn’t even resist in the slightest as it greedily began to absorb the energy from all the hearts.

Jake kept everything under control, even as the ninth and tenth hearts were activated. They weren’t getting drained fast or slow, and all the demon ritualists kept a steady pace as commanded, slowing down or speeding up whenever Jake told them to.

The Demon Prince was sitting with an empty look in his eyes as blood poured out of his forehead where the gem had been, looking almost catatonic. Yet Jake felt the demon’s consciousness still remained strong as the connection between the prince and the gem remained powerful.

So far, so good, Jake reassured himself as things were proceeding as they should. He knew the demons were struggling, but they held on nicely. Jake also knew all of them this was only possible due to his monstrous level of control and Perception, as he made sure everything was as it should be.

Soon, it was time for the next part of the ritual as Jake poured in a bit of his own arcane energy. Not his Jake Juice quite yet, but just what he had initially believed he would be able to do when he originally saw the ritual. The arcane energy mixed with the demonic energy that entered the gem ever-so-slightly, carrying with it nothing more than Jake’s intent.

Intent it listened to, as Jake felt something from the cerulean gem. He felt a sense of greed and hunger.

Good… it’s there, Jake grinned to himself. The same as how affinities had things they ”wanted,” many magic items like this also had some very fundamental sense of instinct. This gem naturally wanted to absorb more energy and grow, and now Jake had metaphorically kicked that instinct awake.

Suppressing a groan, Jake felt the gem begin to greedily try and drag the demonic energy out of the ritual circle, but Jake knew he couldn’t allow that. If he did, the gem risked exploding, or for the Demon Prince to be overwhelmed. He was already struggling, but Jake had to take his hat off to the Demon Prince. The guy was not considered a peak genius for nothing, as he managed to keep calm and do his part perfectly.

Unauthorized use: this story is on Amazon without permission from the author. Report any sightings.

Minutes passed, as the gem consumed more and more energy, its aura growing in intensity. Soon, the first heart was fully consumed, followed by a second and a third. The hearts were emptied out one after another, crumbling into dust, and soon, the cerulean gem contained not only its own innate energies but the cumulative energy of ten Crystalized Demon Lord Hearts.

If Jake stopped the ritual here, or if someone else had been in charge, all they would have accomplished was to infuse the cerulean gem with a fuckload of demonic energy, resulting in the body of the Demon Prince probably exploding if he tried to fully reabsorb it. He would definitely die, no doubt about it.

Yet the cerulean gem still hungered, and the Demon Prince was struggling more than ever, as all the other demon ritualists could now do nothing more than look on with expectation, fear, and doubt. The ritual so far had all gone as planned, sure. But everything till now had also been the ”easy” part that they all knew was theoretically possible.

Now, they were onto the ”making history” part as they explored all-new territory.

Jake next did what only he could do as he activated energy from deep within himself. A mere spark, a whisper at most. It traveled through the arcane strings he had laid down before, unaffected by all other energies as strings rose and wrapped around the cerulean gem as the spark of Origin Energy entered it.

Nothing happened for a moment until a deep thrumming noise erupted from the gem, sending out a wave of pure demonic energy that now carried a slightly off-blue color, ripping apart all Jake’s arcane threads in the process. A second wave came soon after, as Jake felt the changes with the gem. It began to not just house the energy from the Demon Lord Hearts but entirely devour it to empower itself, turning quantity into quality. All to allow it to return to Origin… and this was when Jake noticed oversight number one with this entire ritual.

It was originally a damn heart.

A heart!

Not a fucking forehead gem.

So when the gem began to slowly warp and change, he felt the fear from the Demon Prince and the horror on the faces of all the demon ritualists. The cerulean gem… which would probably be called the Cerulean Devil Heart by now, grew in size, way too large to be on the forehead of the demon it originally belonged to.

The horror on the faces of the observing demons only grew further in the very next moment when Jake stepped down and teleported forward. Without a shred of hesitation, he grasped the growing gem in his hand, feeling it burn into his skin as he had to fight back the demonic energy. With his other hand, he quickly equipped a katar as he stabbed the Demon Prince in his heart before promptly plunging his hand that was holding the crystal heart inside.

Jake tried to let go and pull his hand back out… but couldn’t. He felt as if his hands had merged with the gem-like heart as it began to attempt to pull energy from him. Not just any energy either. It wanted his Origin Energy, and just not a little of it, either.

Yeah, no, Jake quickly cut that off as he resisted. For a moment, he considered just cutting off his own arm, especially when the flesh he had cut open to put his hand in began to close around his forearm due to the damn healing circle below them. However, before he had a chance to cut it off, the heart was complete.

It had needed no more input or guidance from Jake. From the moment he had poured in the Origin Energy, it had known exactly what to do. Now, this is where the second major oversight of this ritual reared its ugly head.

Once the Cerulean Devil Heart was fully formed, it returned to a state of what it once was. It obtained Records of a being that was long dead but was a powerful devil back whenever they lived. Those Records were now everything that remained within the heart… and that wasn’t something the Demon Prince could handle.

The thrumming sound echoed out again as Jake finally recognized it as what it was: a heartbeat.

This Cerulean Devil Heart was still connected to the Demon Prince, even after it transformed. It was merged with his soul, through and through. For this ritual, he had temporarily separated it, but now, it had fully become part of him again. This had been what they wanted. The Demon Prince would now merge with the pure Records of the Cerulean Devil Heart. Merge with whatever had come to life within the heart. This part was not what they had wanted.

And, well, this situation reminded Jake a bit of the time he had chosen to also absorb an object containing overwhelming Records of a god. Except that god had still been alive, while this situation was entirely unique and of Jake’s making.

As Jake was trying to figure out what the fuck to do, the third oversight made itself known. Somehow, he had become part of his merging process due to him holding the heart, and through that connection, he felt the internal battle within the Soulspace. Usually, this space was an untouchable realm deep within the soul, but in this very moment, Jake was connected to the Demon Prince in a rather unique way. So, he closed his eyes and made a rash decision.

The Cerulean Demon. Demon Prince of the Fourth Hell. These were the titles the demon had made his name, with him primarily known as the Cerulean Demon. He had been privileged and talented enough to choose his own name, to try and communicate he was the second coming of the Cerulean Devil. The former master of the Fourth Hell and one of the most powerful devils the demon race had ever seen. It was viewed as a tragedy when he died a few eras ago while exploring one of the more dangerous World Wonders of the multiverse.

Luckily, they had managed to retrieve his body and completed the ritual to create the fragments from his heart. One of these fragments which the Cerulean Demon had been granted. When he had merged with it and the Legacy of the Cerulean Devil, he had believed himself a genius at the pinnacle of the multiverse. In some ways, he was. He had proven himself in Nevermore, yet two people still beat him, but he wasn’t particularly disappointed. In fact, the Chosen of the Malefic Viper had given him hope of truly being the second coming of the Cerulean Devil… and in some ways, hadn’t he succeeded? Just not in the way he had hoped.

The cerulean lightning struck him, as the demon was blasted back within his own Soulspace, the pain nearly unimaginable. Rolling on the ground, the demon tried to stabilize as a claw swept up, tearing his body into several pieces.

He reappeared a moment later, a bit further away, as lightning struck down from above, obliterating his entire body in an instant. Right as he appeared again, his head was severed from his body before he was blasted apart once more. He barely had time to collect his thoughts and wonder how foolish his ambitions had truly been.

During the ritual, after the Cerulean Demon had separated the gem from himself, he had gone to his Soulspace to keep everything intact. He had resisted as the energy flooded into him, and in the sky, the energy had gathered around the gemstone floating there, representing the fragment in the real world.

The energy levels had spiked so high the Demon Prince had been certain it would explode and shatter his entire soul and body… but then something had appeared. He couldn’t remember what it looked like, but something had entered the gem… and then it began evolving. It grew, pulsed, began to beat like a true heart, and the Demon Prince was elated, especially when he felt his connection to it strengthen more than ever before as it fully merged back into him. He was happy and, for a moment, even believed they had truly succeeded.

Until the heart didn’t stop growing.

From the heart grew a torso, legs, arms, and a head before an entire creature appeared. For a moment, the Demon Prince believed the Cerulean Devil had come back to life, as this demonic creature looked just like the paintings he had seen. The same blue leathery skin, four horns, clawed hands, and powerful physique. Yet the eyes were different. Empty. When the Demon Prince saw those eyes, he knew that this was but an empty husk… a husk that still possessed the overwhelming Records of the Cerulean Devil.

A husk that was currently destroying him.

The Demon Prince tried to fight back, but he didn’t stand a chance. He was powerful within his own Soulspace, for sure. His Records allowed him to display power far beyond what he could in the real world, yet before this Cerulean Devil husk, he was nothing but a plaything to be repeatedly destroyed as the creature learned about itself. Like a curious and destructive child, it tried to kill him in all the ways it could as the Demon Prince felt himself weaken. Felt himself dying as he feared what would come next.

His soul would die, and this creature would overwhelm his own Records. It would replace him and evolve into something truly monstrous. He just hoped that even if it was powerful, the Chosen of the Malefic One and the others could handle this creature… but he feared what it would evolve him into wouldn’t still be a C-grade.

Foolish. He and this creature were both foolish. It would likely become an A- or S-grade that would never be able to level again and be naught but a being of destruction. A short-lived Path, as they were within Nevermore City, and some powerful being would snuff it out instantly. The expected outcome of a creature with no sapience running wild.

Meanwhile, the Demon Prince’s own hubris had led to his. He had believed himself far more capable than he truly was, and now he couldn’t even struggle anymore.

His body got destroyed within the Soulspace over and over again, as he began to reappear slower and slower with every death. At the same time, the Cerulean Devil husk only grew in power. The end was near, and struggle was meaningless, as-

”Oi,” a voice suddenly cut through the Soulspace. ”The fuck you think you’re doing?”




***
Chapter 891: Demonic Soulspace Adventure: Cerulean Devil Edition


***






The creature stopped attacking just as the Demon Prince reanimated again, his form semi-transparent due to the significant soul damage he had taken. He looked over in horror and saw the Cerulean Devil stare directly at the newcomer who had entered his Soulspace. Stare directly at the Chosen of the Malefic Viper.

”Get out of here!” the Demon Prince yelled with all his remaining energy. He quickly understood what had happened. The Chosen had somehow projected his very own soul into the prince’s, and should he die here, the Chosen risked potentially even dying himself, or at the very least, taking severe soul damage. That couldn’t happen. ”You can still escape! Go!”

However… his warning was too late. As the final words had barely left him, the creature disappeared, only to appear right behind the Chosen of the Malefic Viper.

”Oh,” the Chosen said as he slowly turned and looked at the creature more closely as he tapped its forehead with a finger. ”Pretty empty in there, huh? All instinct.”

The Demon Prince just stared, confused. The creature had appeared behind the Chosen, raised a claw, and then stopped. It looked as if it was… shaking. However, its eyes soon regained their fervor as it roared loudly, nearly dispersing the prince’s body. Its claw swung down, and-

An arm flew into the air as the Chosen now stood with a hand raised. The creature roared again as a palm smashed into its face, pushing it to the ground making the entire Soulspace shudder from the impact. Without the Demon Prince even knowing how it happened, three more limbs flew into the air as he saw the Chosen stand with a foot on the chest of the Cerulean Devil’s husk.

A pillar of cerulean lightning descended as the Demon Prince was blown even further away. He felt the pain in his chest as he saw the ground had been split apart and a large crater formed where the bolt had struck. Quickly, he spotted the Cerulean Devil as it teleported a good distance away, its limbs already fully regenerated. Moreover… it was still growing stronger.

”Feisty,” the voice of the Chosen once more echoed as the man walked out of the crater with calm steps, not a single mark on his body. He then suddenly turned and looked toward the Demon Prince. ”Things didn’t quite go as planned, huh?”

The demon just stared as the Cerulean Devil teleported closer to attack again… only to get blasted into the air by an unseen explosion, the Demon Prince not at all comprehending what was going on. What… is happening?

Jake gave the Demon Prince another look after gently pushing the odd devil creature away, but he still didn’t get any answer. He began to fear he had been too slow in entering the Soulspace of the demon and that the prince had taken too much damage before his arrival. But the fact he had yelled out with warning indicated he wasn’t in that horrible of a state.

”Are you okay?” Jake asked again. ”Any permanent damage?”

Finally, the demon seemed to regain some semblance of calm. ”I am fine for now… but that isn’t important. The Cerulean Devil is-”

”Annoying,” Jake cut him off as the creature appeared once more, forcing Jake to slap it into the horizon once more to give him some more time to talk. He also couldn’t help but get a look around, as this was the first Soulspace he had ever seen belonging to another person, and he knew this was an incredibly rare opportunity.

The Soulspace was the representation of the Truesoul every living being had within themselves. Jake’s was a massive area filled mostly with barren land and plains with barely any grass on them. The demon’s Soulspace honestly wasn’t that much different, with the ground just a bit more barren, and the arcane energies filling the sky in Jake’s Soulspace had been replaced with rumbling blueish thunderclouds. Well, he also didn’t have a shadowy version chilling there or a drop of blood from a Primordial, but those were more bonus assets in Jake’s mind. Not like Jake had a rampaging blue devil husk in his, either.

”How are you-” the Demon Prince began as Jake cut him off again.

”Doesn’t matter right now. What matters is finishing this ritual,” Jake said as the Cerulean Devil attacked again. Jake dodged a few times before kicking the creature away for yet another time. It was a bit annoying, but he had to hold back. He had felt some energy be consumed when he severed the limbs earlier, and he didn’t want to waste anything if he could avoid it.

”What do you mean?” the demon asked. ”This… this is the finished ritual.”

”Alright, then we need to finish the post-ritual issues we are now facing,” Jake sighed, noticing the Cerulean Devil was a bit slower at attacking this time. Probably for the best, as he really didn’t want to fight that creature. There was no meaning in doing so.

Jake knew he could kill the Cerulean Devil if he wanted, but he also knew what that would mean. It would destroy the newly formed heart he had implanted in the Demon Prince, resulting in all their efforts getting wasted and the Demon Prince getting crippled, as he would lose a part of himself.

If he let it be, the Demon Prince would die, and the creature he was fighting would manifest in the real world, which definitely wouldn’t be good. Simply locking down the Cerulean Devil by sealing it in an arcane barrier also wouldn’t work. Jake knew instinctively that the moment he left the Soulspace, his energies would leave with him. They had to, or a part of Jake would be forever embedded in the Soulspace of the Demon Prince, which would hurt him immensely.

No… Jake needed to do something else. The easiest solution would be for the Demon Prince to just kill the Cerulean Devil, but that definitely wasn’t going to happen. The thing was pretty damn strong. Jake wasn’t sure one could really equate the power of creatures within a Soulspace to grades in the real world, but this one would definitely be high. For context, it was stronger than the cursed chimera when Jake first got it.

After the curse had merged with Sim-Jake, things had become a bit complicated, but that was neither here nor there.

”Does the Chosen have a plan?” the Demon Prince asked as he quickly arrived next to Jake. ”The creature manifested from the Records of the Cerulean Devil is way beyond my expectations and not something I can deal with.”

”I’m well aware of that,” Jake muttered as he considered his options. In the real world, he saw himself still standing there with a hand around the heart, and the many demon ritualists around himself and the Demon Prince, none of them doing anything. They all knew trying to interfere wouldn’t do them any good. Jake also knew that with a single thought, he could exit the Soulspace, closing the opening he had entered through in the process and leaving the demon to his doom. This was probably the safest choice… but Jake really hated losing, and failing this ritual would definitely count as a loss.

As he was still considering ideas, the Cerulean Devil attacked again, this time having changed up its goal. Rather than target Jake, it went for the Demon Prince to snuff him out once and for all. Too bad for it; Jake was standing right next to him.

An arcane barrier sprung up, blocking the attack of the devil, as an explosion of electricity covered the Soulspace. Jake didn’t even feel it tickle him as he raised both his hands and motioned. A bit of mana appeared as six barriers sprung up around the Cerulean Devil before Jake pressed them together, sealing the creature within a cube.

The author's content has been appropriated; report any instances of this story on Amazon.

Using my energies is pretty fucking hard, Jake noticed, as the Cerulean Devil struggled to break free. Moreover, he felt his arcane energy naturally disperse at an alarming rate, even though it was the stable variant. It simply didn’t belong in the Soulspace and was naturally being destroyed by the entire space. Jake himself was also a target for constant destruction. He just didn’t really notice it.

Slamming against the barriers, the Cerulean Devil began to slowly break out as cracks formed. Jake looked on, thinking hard as he remembered something. He remembered Sim-Jake and what he had done during his stay in Jake’s Soulspace. He also remembered something else from his many conversations about devils and demons.

Turning to the Demon Prince, he didn’t beat around the bush. ”Are you willing to take a massive risk?”

”What do you require me to do?” the demon asked, clearly determined to do whatever Jake asked of him.

”Nothing, things just might not turn out how I hope,” Jake responded.

”I already left my life in your hands. I will trust you till the very end.”

”You’re really piling on the pressure,” Jake smirked. ”But alright… begin operation absolute submission.”

Jake stepped down as he appeared right in front of his own barrier. His hand shot forward, shattering the arcane energy like glass as he grasped the neck of the Cerlulean Devil. Before it could even do anything, he threw it down into the ground, creating yet another crater.

A storm of lighting descended, but Jake raised a hand and snapped, dispelling all the lightning halfway descended as he stared down at the devil. ”Pathetic.”

The creature didn’t understand his words but seemed to comprehend his intent somewhat as it roared in anger. Rather than attack Jake, it flew straight for the demon prince, but before it could even move more than a few meters, it was yanked back as Jake grabbed the devil’s ankle.

”We’re not done,” Jake muttered as he slammed the devil into the ground again. It got up instantly, only for Jake to stomp it in the face, embedding its head in the ground again. Struggling, the devil tried to attack with its claws but found itself unable to even pierce Jake’s skin.

Jake quickly took hold of one its wrists, as he tossed the devil away yet another time before teleporting over and catching the creature, only to slam it into the ground again. None of what Jake was doing actually hurt the devil as Jake didn’t put much power in… but what he did do was make the devil feel utterly powerless.

He knew this devil wasn’t a real creature. It didn’t have a soul or any kind of real consciousness. It was just a bundle of Records, acting on instinct to come alive. Like the nascent energies of an elemental forming, fighting the environment to become a living being. All it knew was that it had to kill the Demon Prince, and it would live.

It couldn’t really learn as it couldn’t think. Not truly. But it could ever-so-slowly adapt, which had been shown by the creature kind of learning how to move and control itself. Perhaps it would awaken a true consciousness one day, but only at the cost of the Demon Prince’s death.

In summary, it was a being that had only one goal: survival. Right now, survival meant consuming the Demon Prince and taking over his body. Jake was going to show the Cerulean Devil that was no longer an option. He would show it that it only had one option if it wanted to live in any way.

Minutes passed as Jake threw the Cerulean Devil around. It fought back in the beginning, but soon, it only tried to defend itself. This self-defense slowly morphed into the Cerulean Devil barely trying, as it instead tried to do the only thing it could to survive:

Run.

However, even that was no option. Jake allowed it no escape as he kept beating it down over and over again. In the meantime, he also began to leak out tiny bits of his own aura, frightening the Cerulean Devil further.

When he thought it was about time, Jake looked over at the Demon Prince, who stared, shocked at everything that was happening, as he sent a simple mental message. ”Offer the Cerulean Devil a contract to submit and live.”

For a few moments, the Demon Prince looked at him confused until his eyes suddenly lit up with clarity as he understood. Jake wouldn’t even have considered this an option under usual circumstances, but he was dealing with demons right now.

They were creatures of contracts. Deals. Agreements. Even if the Cerulean Devil was only a husk, it was still bound by its Records as a devil, and once it agreed to a contract, it would be binding. As for its ability to even agree, Jake also knew there would be no problems there. Every creature innately understood contracts created through the system. Perhaps they did not understand its intricacies, but they could instinctively comprehend the intent. Naturally, the Cerulean Devil’s instincts would never allow it to submit to the weaker Demon Prince… unless it viewed it as the only way to survive.

Jake upped the pressure as he saw the Demon Prince prepare. Rather than simply smashing the devil around, he fully restrained it as he wrapped it up in arcane strings, conveniently allowing it to still move one of its arms a little.

”Enough… it’s time to end this,” Jake said, seeing the Demon Prince approach with the contract. He had been hesitant to do this but decided it was time, as for the first time, he fully unleashed his presence and let loose, as he activated maximum intimidation mode.

The Demon Prince wasn’t sure something like this would work as he quickly spun up a contract of absolute submission. He approached the devil who had just been bound by strings, a floating contract in front of him.

Even if the devil feared death… submitting and becoming part of the Demon Prince was practically akin to its death. Something truly extraordinary had to pressure it into fully submitting. As he was connected to the Cerulean Devil, he knew it was not at all ready to give up yet. Still, he chose to believe in the Chosen as he got within range of the Cerulean Devil, who looked ready to tear the contact apart… as everything stopped.

And then, it descended. An aura unlike any he had ever experienced before overtook his entire Soulspace as it crushed everything beneath it. All emotions were replaced with fear, as the Demon Prince could barely look over the Chosen of the Malefic Viper looking much bigger than he truly was.

In the sky, the clouds scattered as an orangeish glow fell over the Soulspace. Looking up, the Demon Prince saw two massive irises stare down at him as he had never felt smaller or more insignificant… and then he felt a slight tap on the contract, as the Cerulean Devil had placed its palm on it.

Just like that, the eyes disappeared, the pressure was gone, and everything returned to normal as the Chosen spoke casually. “Well, that ended up working out somehow. See you on the other side.”

And with that, he was gone, leaving only a frozen Demon Prince and Cerulean Devil behind.

Jake opened his eyes in the outside world as he disconnected from the Demon Prince’s Soulspace, and he felt the slight gap he had entered through close for good. The heart he was grasping in his hand no longer had the same suction force, so he let go and instantly pulled out his hand as he jumped back, blood splattering out, but the healing circle was still active, rapidly mending the wound. Not that Jake believed that was necessary.

”Lord Chosen, what-” one of the ritualists began as Jake cut him off.

”Just wait for it,” Jake said with a smile, and as if on cue, a shockwave of energy erupted from the Demon Prince’s body as he was enveloped in light. Within this light that Jake could only look inside using his Sphere of Perception, he saw the Demon Prince disappear for a few moments before he reappeared again shortly after, now a changed demon.

The light faded to reveal his form as he stood there with his eyes closed. The forehead gem was gone, and his body had grown a bit in bulk, but the most notable difference was the head. Ten horns circled his skull, each of them pointing toward the ceiling, making it nearly look like he was wearing a crown and definitely making helmets extremely difficult to wear.

Using identify, Jake smiled.

[Cerulean Demon Lord – lvl 280]

He felt the nervous demon ritualists all around, staring with apprehension. Jake also looked at the newly born Cerulean Demon Lord as he asked a pretty important question: ”Are congratulations in order, or did we just birth some mindless beast?”

Finally, the Demon Lord opened his eyes as he breathed out, and threw a look at Jake that contained an odd mix of gratitude, respect, and fear. Yet he remained polite. ”Thank you… I am still getting used to things.”

Jake nodded as he felt the aura of the Demon Prince. It didn’t really necessarily feel that much more powerful than before. Only by a little. Which perhaps shouldn’t surprise Jake, as the Demon Prince had come third on the Era’s Leaderboards, only behind himself and Ell’Hakan. It wouldn't have made much sense if he had somehow jumped up in power from this ritual, as he was already close to how powerful one could be for his level. It wasn’t like Jake had just given him a bunch of stat-increasing titles.

However, he had definitely changed. His Path had evolved, and his future prospects were now far brighter than they were before.

Then, a bit late in Jake’s opinion, the pentagon pentagram finally broke fully apart, marking the end of the ritual for good. With it naturally came the sweet system notifications of levels gained.




***
Chapter 892: Time To Head Home


***






Vilastromoz had a lot of thoughts bouncing around in his head after the mysteriousness around the First Sage was seemingly only growing exponentially. However, he could always trust Jake to offer him a good distraction, as he was sitting on the terrace in Nevermore City with his avatar, very much enjoying the show.

He had kept an eye on the entire ritual, as quite frankly, he viewed the Demon Prince and everyone involved with creating that ritual as complete morons. From their conversations, they had clearly believed they were the first ones ever to think up such a daring ritual and viewed themselves as truly innovative and bold.

To the Viper, this wasn’t even among the first hundred rituals he had observed like that, each of them practically identical in nature. It wasn’t complicated at all what they were doing; it was just stupid. Most rituals like this ended with the entire thing just blowing up, while the other half ended a bit similarly to how this one nearly did: with the demon in the center mutating into something unintended.

This ritual was different, though. Not in its design but in that it had Jake in charge. His application of the special energy he possessed led to the creation of a far more powerful catalyst for evolution, but that didn’t solve the issue of that evolution not ending well for the Demon Prince. Honestly, the entire thought process behind what the Demon Prince of the Fourth Hell wanted to accomplish was flawed.

The entire point was for him to improve his Records, and to do that, he would have to absorb an item with superior Records. However, for him to consume an item with superior Records, he needed to have powerful enough Records to begin with. It was quite the conundrum, and to put it in the simplest term possible, the Demon Prince had tried to swallow something too big for him to handle. Mortals simply weren’t meant to handle the Records of a god, period.

Vilastromoz was also certain the higher-ups of the Fourth Hell knew this. Shit, the Viper himself had seen recordings of their own failed rituals in the past, so they knew this wasn’t going to work. Yet they had allowed the Demon Prince to go ahead, even after he had proven himself on the Leaderboards. Did they do so to use him as a political tool? If the Viper’s Chosen messed up and got one of their young talents killed, they likely wouldn’t demand compensation, but they could try to leverage it to request help from Jake or perhaps even the Viper himself in the future.

It was naturally also possible they simply wanted to take the gamble and see if maybe the Harbinger of Primeval Origins could do what was thought impossible. To lose a Demon Prince to figure this out wasn’t that big of a price to pay. They could always nurture many more. Meanwhile, the possibilities if Jake was successful were nearly limitless and something even the devils of the Hells would care about.

This was the reality they now found themselves with. Jake had succeeded… no, he had gone beyond expectations and done something that the Viper honestly hadn’t been a fan of, even if things had worked out.

”Did your Chosen just astral-project his own soul into the Soulspace of another?” the Wyrmgod suddenly asked as the Primordial appeared on the terrace.

”And here I thought you respected the rights to private property. Not to mention your illegal spying on residents… do we have a public relations disaster on our hands here?” the Viper asked teasingly.

”Nevermore City is still partly considered Nevermore and thus my domain,” the Wyrmgod answered. ”And even if I observed the situation, due to its peculiar nature, I still remain with questions. Did your Chosen truly astrally project into another Soulspace?”

”He sure did,” the Viper shrugged. ”Mind you, this is after I told him not to astrally project his soul around like that way back in the Tutorial.”

”Foolish and reckless,” the Wyrmgod said before he frowned. ”Wait, he astrally projected during the Tutorial? Where to?”

”To the Order of the Malefic Viper, using his connection to me as my Chosen,” the Viper said casually. ”I did send him back pretty quickly, though.”

”That is… hm…” the other Primordial said as he appeared to be deep in thought.

Jake doing these things was impressive, but neither was considered impossible. Astral projection was a pretty normal ability, and Jake’s version was quite frankly shit. It was the riskiest version there was and one no one ever really used unless they didn’t know better. Projecting at such an early grade did indicate an extremely powerful and stable soul, though.

As for entering the Soulspace of another, that was not something considered impossible either, just incredibly rare, and not something people often did or wanted to do. Very specific circumstances had to present themselves to make it possible. There were also certain skills that could make one interact with the Soulspace, though.

The Minotaur Mindchief Jake encountered all the way back in E-grade was a creature that could touch upon the soul. The skill that D-grade had wasn’t quite capable of entering a Soulspace, but with a skill evolution or two, perhaps it would be possible. The thing is, more often than not, there were no benefits to entering a Soulspace, only demerits.

Anyone would be stronger inside their own Soulspace than in the real world. The Soulspace was a representation of your Records and allowed you to have power not based on how strong you were but how strong you could become. It was a simplification, but that was roughly how it worked.

With how Records functioned, outside of extraordinary cases, everyone would have more Records than their actual power presented. The only ones who didn’t were those who had reached the end of their potential, and even they always had a bit more potential to pull on and would be at a significant advantage within their own Soulspace.

This was due to the second reason why it was stupid to enter someone else’s Soulspace: the suppression. A Soulspace was one’s domain, and anything foreign that did not belong there would be suppressed and pushed out or destroyed. So even if two people were equally powerful, if the fight suddenly switched to a Soulspace of either of them, that person would have an insurmountable homefield advantage and easily destroy their opponent.

The Soulspace could most easily be likened to the divine realm of a god. It was the domain of the person it belonged to, and within it, they would be far more powerful while everyone would be suppressed. So, for the same reasons as why one wouldn’t ever want to enter another’s divine realms, neither should one enter other Soulspaces.

That is… unless one was so powerful, any such suppression in other domains proved meaningless. This was what Jake had effectively done. His soul was simply at another level, and even if he astrally projected into another Soulspace, he didn’t really care about anything and did whatever he did in there.

The reason it was still risky, though, was that if the Demon Prince had died, Jake would have lost whatever he astrally projected for good. Which definitely wouldn’t have been good,

”His soul is truly not normal, is it?” the Wyrmgod questioned after a good while.

”Nope,” the Viper smiled.

”Do you expect the Hells to begin making their move soon? I know the Order has maintained a strong working relationship with them, even in your absence,” the Primordial continued. ”We both know that his accomplishment is related to his Bloodline, and the Demon Prince will surely return to the Fourth Hell and report everything that happened in detail.”

The tale has been taken without authorization; if you see it on Amazon, report the incident.

”Oh, without a doubt, they’ll do something fun,” Vilastromoz shook his head. ”They owe Jake now, especially the Demon Prince, whom I’m sure will be given quite a lot of attention going forward.”

”They will undoubtedly want to propagate his Lineage,” the Wyrmgod agreed. ”I am also thinking… has your Chosen considered what the impact of what he has just done will be?”

”Not at all,” Vilastromoz said with certainty as he grinned.

”I see. Either way, I am still interested at some point in the future when he has matured more into his powers,” the Wyrmgod said as he turned to leave. ”Before, I was unsure if he would even be open to the suggestion, but now that he’s opened that door himself, my doubt has lessened significantly.”

The Wyrmgod disappeared as Viliastromoz shook his head. Jake indeed didn’t know the impact of what he had done. No, not the achievement itself or anything related to it. It was the mere fact he had even agreed to the ritual in the first place.

Before this, he had only ever done rituals for himself. Even if it ended up benefitting some factions, he hadn’t been asked by them to do it. This time, he had effectively done a commission using his abilities as the Harbinger of Primeval Origins. He had shown the multiverse that was even a possibility he considered, which also communicated he could use the ability purposefully, with its limitations perhaps not as severe as first hinted at.

In summary, Jake had sent a message to all the major factions of the multiverse despite not knowing he had done so. Or maybe Jake did and the Viper had underestimated his Chosen and the hunter’s ability to understand the multiverse’s political landscape.

Jake had naturally not thought about this at all. He had just seen a really interesting and cool ritual and agreed to do it, never considering the wider implications of his actions. But was that really his fault? It was just everyone else reading too much into things and making them way more complicated than they had to be.

Still standing in the ritual chamber, he waited patiently as the newly born Cerulean Demon Lord regained his bearings. Jake could understand why it would take a while. He probably had a lot of system notifications to deal with, so Jake also took the chance to check out those he had gotten himself.

Firstly, there was an interesting one, as he wasn’t sure he had ever gotten an ”experience gained” message that looked like that before.

You have successfully conducted a ritual leading to the creation of a Cerulean Demon Lord – A new kind of creation has been made. Bonus experience earned

He had other notifications that talked about rituals, but not in this fashion. It was mainly the conducting part… probably because this was Jake’s first group ritual where he had been in charge. Something he had feared would hurt his experience gain, but seeing the next few messages, that didn’t appear to be the case.

’DING!’ Profession: [Heretic-Chosen Alchemist of the Malefic Viper] has reached level 263 - Stat points allocated, +35 Free Points

…

’DING!’ Profession: [Heretic-Chosen Alchemist of the Malefic Viper] has reached level 267 - Stat points allocated, +35 Free Points

Five whole levels for a ritual that only took a couple of hours. That was damn efficient leveling, if Jake said so himself, and it put him even closer to level 300, which was the next milestone he really looked forward to, as that would mean meeting the First Sage directly.

He had naturally also gained a few race levels with the profession ones.

’DING!’ Race: [Human (C)] has reached level 276 - Stat points allocated, +45 Free Points

…

’DING!’ Race: [Human (C)] has reached level 278 - Stat points allocated, +45 Free Points

All in all, it had been quite a fruitful endeavor, and even if he had to spend a bit of his special Jake Juice, it was such a tiny amount that the levels he had just gained nearly made up for it. He almost wanted to see if he could do another ritual sometime soon, but he also got the feeling that wouldn’t be smart. Not like it would reward even close to the same amount of levels, due to the uniqueness of this one. He also wasn’t sure where to find ten legendary Demon Lord Hearts.

”My lord?” one of the demon ritualists asked after a while. The Demon Prince took a moment to respond as he opened his eyes again and rolled his shoulders. Rather than respond to the demon, he looked at Jake instead.

”My apologies. There are a lot of things to take in, and the metaphysical representation of the Cerulean Devil still remains within my Soulspace. It will take a while to fully absorb but with the contract in place…” the demon said as he looked deep in thought.

”I would reckon you got a pretty smooth ride for the next evolution or two,” Jake shrugged with a smile. He would be like Jake and Sylphie in that he didn’t have things like race quests but would just be able to evolve as long as his class allowed it.

”That is likely,” the newly-born Demon Lord agreed as he volunteered some information. ”My racial skills have mostly all changed, but my class remains the same. One thing is clear, though: I am a fully-fledged Demon Lord now. With all the perks and downsides, there comes with that.”

”Is that a good or a bad thing?” Jake questioned.

The Demon Prince just smiled. ”Think of Demon Lords as being to demons what a True Royal is to an ectognamorph, albeit in an admittedly far less extreme fashion. It’s viewed as a higher race of sorts, though it does also come with a certain set of expectations.”

”So, it’s overall good, got it,” Jake nodded.

”Good indeed,” the Demon Prince shook his head with a smile as he looked at Jake seriously. ”You have given me a boon I have no idea how to ever make up for. No, not just me; the entire Fourth Hell owes you. It may be late to ask, but what does the Chosen desire? I realize we failed to ever discuss payment for your work.”

”Hm,” Jake said, having totally not forgotten he should probably get paid. ”How about this… you owe me one.”

Jake truly didn’t need anything. However, a favor could hold a lot of value in the future, especially if the Cerulean Demon Lord rose to power as one would expect of him. One had to remember he was in third place on the Era Leaderboards, and that was before his evolution. Now, Jake didn’t doubt he would have done even better, though it was doubtful he would have beaten Ell’Hakan, much less Jake.

”Owing you is but a given,” the Demon Lord shook his head as he considered for a moment before taking out an odd emblem of sorts. When he did so, Jake saw the alarm on the faces of the ritualists, but none of them said anything. ”For now, take this.”

”What is it?” Jake questioned before he accepted it.

”The crest of my clan. With it, you will be treated like an honored guest in at least the first four Hells. Moreover, if you ever find anything you desire from us, feel free to use it and contact us, and I swear on my Path that I shall do my utmost to assist you,” the Cerulean Demon Lord explained.

”I see,” Jake said as he chose to accept the crest as he got an idea. ”I may not find a need myself, but if I have a comrade who can benefit, would I be allowed to give it to them instead?”

”What you use it for will be to your sole discretion,” the Demon Lord just said. ”I am well aware that chances are we have nothing to offer that the Chosen of the Malefic Viper cannot obtain himself, outside of particular things unique to the Hells or items that could only benefit demons.”

”In that case, I may just find a use for it,” Jake nodded. Yeah, chances are, he was just going to hand it off to Irin or something. As the Demon Prince had said, Jake didn’t really need anything they could offer, and even the unique alchemical ingredients the demons had a monopoly on, he could still just buy as part of the Order if push came to shove.

”Anyway, it was a pleasure doing this ritual with you all, even if things didn’t exactly go to plan,” Jake said after they exchanged a few more pleasantries. ”Good job, everyone. I told you we would make history.”

It seemed as if it was only when Jake said this that the ten demon ritualists who had assisted with the ritual truly realized what they had been a part of. Only now did they realize they had indeed been part of a ritual that may have been entirely one-of-a-kind and would truly go down in the history of the multiverse. It was no understatement to say that the Cerulean Demon Lord was not the only one who had their entire future changed on this day.

Jake didn’t say anything more as he allowed everything to sink in, and he exited the basement, the Demon Prince escorting him out. He didn’t lead Jake out of the mansion itself, as he wanted to remain hidden for now, something Jake understood. The Demon Prince had changed quite a lot physically, going from being just about Jake’s height to now being two full heads taller, and that wasn’t even counting the horns. He looked a lot more like the Cerulean Devil, that was for sure. Especially the part where he had turned way more blue.

Walking out of the demon mansion, Jake felt pretty happy about how things had gone as he considered where to go next. That was when he realized this had been the last item on his Nevermore City bucket list… which meant there was really only one more thing left to do.

It’s time to head home.




***
Chapter 893: Post-Nevermore Status


***






Leaving Nevermore felt oddly weird. Probably because he had spent fifty years of his life within the World Wonder. He had met many interesting figures, learned a lot about the multiverse, and bonded a lot with his party members. At least he felt a lot closer to the Sword Saint and Fallen King now than before. Rather than simply be comrades of convenience, he would say they could actually be considered friends now.

Dina was also someone Jake now considered a friend, and he knew she felt the same way, even if she was still a bit reserved. Of course, Jake couldn’t compare to Sylphie when it came to making friends, as he was pretty sure all three of his other party members would gladly cause a war for her. Not to say Jake wouldn’t also do that…

Anyway, the point was Jake had made a lot of memories and bonds. Of course, Nevermore had also brought with it one other quite important thing. The primary reason he and nearly anyone else even went to Nevermore in the first place was its status as potentially the best place to level in the entire multiverse, and that was showing.

Fifty years was a long time, but Jake definitely wouldn’t say that time had at all been wasted, and when he did something he hadn’t for a while, it really made it obvious.

He pulled up his full status, tweaked things a bit, and compared it to before he had entered Nevermore.

Status

Name: Jake Thayne

Race: [Human (C) – 204 --> 278]

Class: [Arcane Hunter of Horizon’s Edge – 203 --> 289]

Profession: [Heretic-Chosen Alchemist of the Malefic Viper – 206 --> 267]

Health Points (HP): 182,060/182,060

Mana Points (MP): 401,321/411,484

Stamina: 205,651/212,790

Stats

Strength: 8536 --> 26170

Agility: 12496 --> 34616

Endurance: 8911 --> 21279

Vitality: 8834 --> 18206

Toughness: 7389 --> 14488

Wisdom: 11181 --> 26335

Intelligence: 9276 --> 22425

Perception: 23246 --> 54595

Willpower: 9385 --> 23267

Free points: 0

Titles: [Forerunner of the New World], [Bloodline Patriarch], [Holder of a Primordial’s True Blessing], [Dungeoneer XV], [Dungeon Pioneer VI], [Prodigious Slayer of the Mighty], [Kingslayer], [Nobility: Marquess], [Progenitor of the 93rd Universe], [Prodigious Arcanist], [Perfect Evolution (D-grade)], [Premier Treasure Hunter], [Myth Originator], [Progenitor of Myriad Paths], [Mythical Prodigy], [Perfect Evolution (C-grade)], [Nevermore Challenger All-star], [Peerless Conquerer of Nevermore]

Class Skills: [Superior Stealth Attack (Rare)], [Splitting Arcane Arrow Rain (Epic)], [Archery of Expanding Horizons (Epic)], [Bestial Hunter’s Tracking (Epic)], [Piercing Cursed Arcane Fang (Epic)], [Avaricious Arcane Hunter’s Arrows (Epic)], [Arcane Powershot (Ancient)], [Protean Arrow of Avaricious Horizons (Ancient)], [Steady Aim of the Apex Hunter (Ancient)], [Arcane Awakening (Ancient)], [One Step, Thousand Miles (Ancient)], [Fangs of Man (Ancient)], [Horizon-chasing Big Game Arcane Hunter (Ancient)], [Unblemished Arrows of the Horizon (Ancient)], [Mark of the Horizon-Chasing Arcane Hunter (Ancient)], [Penetrating Arcane Arrow of Horizon’s Edge (Ancient)], [Moment of the Primal Hunter (Legendary)], [Relentness Hunt of the Avaricious Arcane Hunter (Legendary)], [Arcane Supremacy (Legendary)], [Unseen Arcane Hunter (Legendary)], [Eternal Shadow of the Primal Hunter (Mythical)], [Primal Gaze of the Apex Hunter (Mythical)]

Profession Skills: [Path of the Heretic-Chosen (Unique)], [Grimoire of the Heretic-Chosen (Unique)], [Alchemist’s Purification (Inferior)], [Alchemical Flame (Common)], [Brew Potion (Uncommon)], [Craft Elixir (Rare)], [Concoct Poison (Rare)], [Soul Ritualism of the Heretic-Chosen Alchemist (Ancient)], [Malefic Viper’s Poison (Ancient)], [Arcane Curse Manifestation (Ancient)], [Blood of the Malefic Viper (Legendary)], [Sagacity of the Malefic Viper (Legendary)], [Sense of the Malefic Viper (Legendary)], [Wings of the Malefic Viper (Legendary)], [Touch of the Malefic Viper (Legendary)], [Legacy Teachings of the Heretic-Chosen Alchemist (Legendary)], [Palate of the Malefic Viper (Legendary)], [Pride of the Malefic Viper (Legendary)], [Scales of the Malefic Viper (Legendary)], [Fangs of the Malefic Viper (Legendary)], [Anomalous Soul of the Heretic-Chosen (Legendary)], [Core Manipulation of the Primal Hunter (Legendary)], [Chosen’s Offering of the Malefic Viper (Legendary)]

Blessing: [True Blessing of the Malefic Viper (Blessing - True)]

Race Skills: [Endless Tongues of the Myriad Races (Unique)], [Legacy of Man (Unique)], [Wisdom of the Hunter (Unique)], [Identify (Rare)], [Serene Soul Meditation (Epic)], [Shroud of the Primordial (Divine)]

Bloodline: [Bloodline of the Primal Hunter (Bloodline Ability - Unique)]

As always, the entire status was long as hell. Alas, there were a lot of things to go through.

He hadn’t actually gained that many skills during his time in Nevermore, but he had upgraded a few. The real standouts were definitely Unseen Hunter, Protean Arrow, and, naturally, Primal Gaze. The upgrade to his Hunter’s Mark was also great, though that one had been a bit forced by the story page book.

When talking about new skills, Penetrating Arcane Arrow upped his overall damage output a lot, especially in combination with Protean Arrow. Out of every single skill he had upgraded or gained throughout Nevermore, the most impactful had to be the one he had obtained at level 230, though:

Arcane Supremacy.

It was the type of skill that worked in the background but offered incredible effects, making Jake far stronger in every aspect. It increased his overall damage and speed regarding everything arcane-related when in combat, and with his body even more attuned to arcane energy than before, he could keep his boosting skill active for far longer or charge Arcane Powershot more before his body gave out. To summarize, it was a force-amplifier of significant proportion.

Of course, skills were far from the only thing Jake had gained in Nevermore. No, the true growth was definitely to be seen in the stats department.

When he compared the stats of Jake before Nevermore and Jake after, the difference was stark, especially the extreme growth seen in his Strength, Agility, and, of course, Perception stats.

Stolen content warning: this content belongs on Royal Road. Report any occurrences.

Early on, he had decided to put all his Free Points into Strength and Agility, doing a roughly equal split between the two, with a bit more going into Agility over Strength. He had kept this going throughout the World Wonder for the most part, which had led to the two of them increasing so much.

Perception had comparatively fallen a bit behind, but Jake had at least tried to keep it up there, and it was the stat that had the biggest raw increase by quite a margin. He had primarily boosted his stat gain by licking the wonderful Void Marble he had been gifted by Oras, keeping his potential stats from items maxed out at all times. It had been a bit funny that Jake had crafted so many elixirs not to drink a single one himself, but hey, his party had demanded it, and who was he to deny Sylphie a tasty snack?

Anyway… Nevermore had taken Jake from barely in C-grade to now solidly in mid-tier C-grade, a bit over halfway to his next evolution. He had gone from being able to fight weaker variants in mid-tier C-grade to now feeling confident facing late-tier C-grades even if they were considered high-tier variants. Especially after the title he had gained from completing Nevermore atop the All-Time Leaderboards, he felt confident.

It wouldn’t be that long before Jake would be able to kill a weak B-grade. He wasn’t quite there yet, but he was getting close. He did reckon that finding worthy opponents in mid-tier C-grade would be borderline impossible, though, unless they were peak geniuses like himself, and even then, he wouldn’t back down.

All in all… Nevermore took a long time, but it was more than worth it, Jake once more concluded as he quickly arrived at the Order compound in Nevermore City. There was more activity than usual due to all the visitors wanting to make friends with the Order after Jake’s performance, but Jake didn’t want to get involved in any of that.

Through his Sphere, he did see Viridia busily talking with a group of important-looking people, making him not want to disturb her. So, he just headed straight for a teleporter placed within the heart of the compound. It was one powered by Nevermore itself, allowing anyone to easily travel between universes to set destinations. It could even pierce through most protections against teleportation, making it possible to go straight into the home bases of all the different factions. Jake knew a lot of thought went into who had these teleporters and who could use them, but he didn’t really care much as he approached the teleportation room.

Two guards stood outside, and merely bowed as they saw Jake enter. Walking up to the small stone platform with the teleportation circle on it, Jake stopped and smiled.

“You heading back with me?” he asked as he turned and looked at the snake god that had appeared.

“Might as well, no reason to keep this avatar here after you leave,” Villy shrugged. “All it could lead to was someone finding out it was there, and I risk someone wanting to meet me if that happens.”

“Perfectly understandable,” Jake nodded. Being forced to meet with people was indeed horrible.

“Before we leave… I had a run-in with Eversmile. Talked about those boots of yours and how interesting he found them. Also talked about meeting with you,” the Viper said.

“Yeah, he approached me during the forced get-together. Said that he’d go talk to you, so I didn’t think to mention it,” Jake shrugged. “Or maybe I wanted to let it be a surprise. I can be unpredictable like that. Also, not gonna lie; Eversmile seriously freaks me out. I prefer to avoid thinking and talking about him.”

“That’s fair; he is an acquired taste for sure,” Villy nodded. “He was very interested in the First Sage.”

The god gave Jake a weird look as he mentioned the First Sage, but Jake just wrote that up to the Viper, still feeling weird in general about his first and only master.

“Can’t fault him for feeling interested in that guy; the First Sage is pretty damn intriguing,” Jake said with a nod. “Did you tell him about the First Sage?”

“Hm, you can say I did, but also didn’t,” Villy acted all mysterious. “Either way, you did good not mentioning him. In general, you shouldn’t talk openly about the First Sage with anyone. In fact, don’t talk about him at all, not with me either, unless I ask about something specific, alright?”

“Alright,” Jake readily agreed, though a bit surprised at the request. He got the feeling more was going on than the Viper let on… not that he had much to say, as he also kept some secrets regarding the First Sage from the Viper. And now Villy had just told him to keep keeping those secrets, so… things had kind of worked out on that front?

“Good. Now let’s head back,” the snake god said with a relaxed smile.

Jake nodded, and side-by-side the two of them stepped onto the teleporter as they returned to the Order of the Malefic Viper, Jake himself going there for a brief pitstop before it was back to Earth.

“Now, notice the polluted area and avoid it. Applying your healing there would do more harm than good, so… alright, good job,” Duskleaf said as Meira desperately tried to avoid the spear-wielding plant soldier as she healed the warrior of her makeshift practice party, who was already busy dealing with two plant soldiers himself.

The warrior regained the use of his arm due to Meira’s healing as he killed one of the plant soldiers, but Meira was still struggling to deal with her pursuer. She summoned barriers to keep it at bay, but it was a lot stronger than it looked, breaking them apart one by one, forcing her to just run away and dodge instead.

Suddenly, when Meira thought she had some space to cast another healing skill, she saw the plant soldier speed up out of the corner of her eye. It shot toward her, and a brief moment of panic paralyzed her as she was stabbed through the chest. She felt the weapon pierce through her, and even if she had felt pain like this many times before, the pure killing intent in the blow made her freeze up, as she feared for her death.

“Stop,” Duskleaf said as he raised a hand. All the plant soldiers withered in an instant as a green light fell over Meira, instantly healing her completely, as she was still breathing heavily with wide-open eyes. She felt the place in her chest where she had been stabbed as Duskleaf went over to help her calm down.

The members of her makeshift party simply stood there with empty eyes, as Duskleaf had also deactivated them. They were all homunculi – mere imitations of life – and only there for her practice.

“I… I panicked,” Meira said in a disappointed tone.

“I know,” Duskleaf just responded in a comforting tone.

Meira clenched her fists as she wanted to punch the ground. Again, she had lost her cool when things got rough. She had hesitated and frozen up for a split second when the spear-attack had come, making her get hit by an attack she now realized was entirely avoidable. The following killing intent only sealed the deal, and Meira just still couldn’t quite get used to it.

“Can we go again?” Meira asked with determination. She felt disappointed in herself and wanted to make up for her failure. No, she had to make up for it if she wanted to go. Because as she was now, Meira would just be a burden for any party she went to Nevermore with.

This entire training was for her to prepare to head for the World Wonder or just become able to properly fight, and this training had been going on for longer than she felt comfortable admitting. After she had evolved to C-grade, Meira had been very confident in herself and wanted to head straight for Nevermore. However, that was when her teacher – Duskleaf – made her aware of just how lacking she was.

During her leveling in D-grade, she had done some dungeons and stuff to gain levels, but she had always done so in a pretty safe fashion. She never truly took any massive risks and was well-protected as a dedicated healer. However, she couldn’t expect that in Nevermore or if she ever got in any real fights.

The problem was Meira had never really learned how to fight or deal with everything involved in fights. Especially not fights against superior foes. So, Duskleaf had set up this training to allow Meira to improve so she could one day head to Nevermore herself. She wasn’t going to compete on the Leaderboards or anything like that – heck, she likely wouldn’t go while still below level 210, disqualifying her – but she still wanted to at least pull her own weight when in there.

And to make that happen, she had to learn how to fight properly. As the Chosen of Duskleaf, she had to ensure that she didn’t embarrass her Master and Patron, and as she was right now, she definitely would. Even Duskleaf had learned how to fight in his young days, as even alchemists had to be able to defend themselves.

“We could go again,” Duskleaf said. “But I have the feeling you would prefer to go prepare before Jake comes back.”

“Lord Thayne is returning?” Meira asked, surprised.

“That’s what I heard,” he responded rather casually. “Apparently, he has been doing a really interesting ritual with a bunch of demons before coming back, and from what I heard, I will definitely need a word with him.”

“Let’s stop here for today,” Meira quickly said as she took a brief look at herself. She was covered in dirt, grime, blood, and bits of flesh and liquids she wasn’t quite sure about. Her clothes were also mostly torn, and her hair was an absolute mess. Moreover, she wasn’t sure when she took a shower last… not like C-grades really needed showers or any cleaning they couldn’t handle with magic, but Meira still liked the feeling of cleanliness after a bath or shower.

Without delay, she headed off from the training area and teleported back to Lord Thayne’s residence to clean herself up and prepare for his return. Things were a bit messy there, and she wanted everything to look as it did when he left.

Teleporting back, she appeared on the lawn and-

“Oh, hey there,” she heard, freezing up as she slowly turned her head and saw Lord Thayne, who had seemingly also just teleported there.




***
Chapter 894: Years of Change


***






“Oh, hey there,” Jake said as he appeared at his residence and, less than a second later, saw Meira pop into existence. Seeing her, he couldn’t help but instinctively say hello as he got a good look at her.

For Jake, fifty years of Nevermore had passed, but for Meira, only three or so had gone by since their last meeting. Yet when he looked at Meira, he was certain that of the two of them, she was the one who had changed the most during their time apart.

Her entire aura had undergone a frankly shocking transformation. It was more qualitative than quantitative in nature, and when Jake used Identify, he quickly understood why.

[High Elf – lvl 206 – True Blessing of Duskleaf]

The first thing to note was definitely the fact that Duskleaf now had a Chosen. He also couldn’t help but stare a bit at the “Duskleaf” in the Identify message, as it seemed a bit… off? It was weird to explain, but probably not anything that mattered much. No, what mattered was that Meira had been given his True Blessing, and that wasn’t even the only big thing that had changed.

Somehow, she had also become a high elf. Jake wasn’t sure about the exact requirements for an elf evolving to a high elf – something the Altmar Empire did much to ensure – but he did know the most basic of things, such as the requirement for an elf to have had a Perfect Evolution in D-grade and in general have a powerful Path. While Meira did get a Perfect Evolution back then, she definitely didn't meet all the other criteria for becoming a high elf. Of course, he quickly understood how she had done it anyway. Or, more accurately, who had done it for her, as this was definitely the work of Duskleaf.

Outwardly, she didn’t look that much different than before, besides her eyes now having a deep golden color to them, and maybe her ears were a bit more pointy than before. Her blonde hair also looked a bit more golden blonde now maybe? It was hard to tell, honestly. People changing things like hair colors with evolutions was far from anything new. Shit, Carmen had changed hers from red to blonde at some point, Jake was pretty sure. Or maybe it was just covered in so much blood during their first meeting that it looked red?

Anyway, the thing about Meira that had changed the most was definitely the aura and overall demeanor she now excuded. And, of course, her power.

She was still far from being a peak genius who had a chance to compete on the Leaderboards. However, she would definitely be considered high-tier now, at least if one evaluated her purely based on her current aura. With time, Jake believed she could grow and become far more powerful.

While it was true that Meira had been subpar until she reached C-grade, that was far from the end of her Path or something that truly determined how powerful she could one day become. Jake’s own massive growth in stats during C-grade thus far was proof of just how fast she could potentially catch up to others who also had powerful Paths in prior grades.

She had even begun to improve her combat skills based on the state of her clothing and the blood and gore still on her, which was great to see. That was one of the areas Jake had been the most nervous for her, as he never got the feeling she was much of a fighter.

With Duskleaf teaching her, Jake didn’t doubt her skills – at least her crafting ones - would catch up with time, and he genuinely believed Meira had a bright future ahead of herself if she kept working as hard as she clearly had been during his time in Nevermore.

It was almost hard to imagine that it hadn’t even been more than a few years since she first appeared before him. Back then, she had barely dared speak, and was practically shaking at all times when in his presence. Meira had been utterly incapable of making her own decisions, and it wouldn’t be an understatement to say she didn’t have a Path at all. At least none she could call her own. All she cared about was surviving another day, never looking toward the future.

Now, she seemed to have a purpose. Jake felt an odd sense of pride and happiness seeing Meira having come this far from where she once was, and he hoped she would continue the Path she was on. Duskleaf was definitely to thank for a major part of her transformation, but Jake still felt glad he had been the impetus. Going from a slave to the Chosen of a god in around half a decade had to be some kind of record, right?

Jake just looked at her as he had all these thoughts while Meira took a moment to gather herself before moving almost in instinct as she bowed.

“Welcome back, Lord Thayne,” she said in a familiar tone that Jake chose to instantly take issue with.

“I don’t think it’s proper for my fellow Chosen to act this submissively,” Jake said in a semi-joking tone.

Meira seemed to realize he was probably right as she quickly straightened her back and stood properly upright as she got back her bearings and spoke again.

“It’s just… I did not expect you back this soon,” Meira said, still a bit nervous, though at least she didn’t stumble over her words as much as she used to. What’s more, she actually met his eyes and didn’t look down. “And congratulations on your performance on the Leaderboards.”

“Thank you… and I’m not even sure where to start when congratulating you,” Jake said. “High Elf, Chosen of Duskleaf, just reaching C-grade in general… lots of things to celebrate there.”

Meira smiled at Jake’s words as he looked as if she was about to do a small bow again, but stopped herself and only nodded. “I have done my best… but… Lord Thayne, would it be alright to speak in a bit? I want to return to my residence first to not dirty the main building with my current state.”

Jake wasn’t sure why that was necessary. It wasn’t like Jake ever bothered to clean up before entering the main building, and if she was afraid of spilling blood and gore inside, she should be able to quickly remove it all with some magic.

Alas, Jake wasn’t going to argue with her as he just nodded. “Alright, see you in a bit. I’m looking forward to hearing all you’ve been up to over the last few years.”

“And I to hear of your exploits,” Meira said, as she hesitated for a moment before continuing. “Perhaps you should also contact Irin? Reika, Scarlett, and Bastilla are all in Nevermore right now, and Izil has headed back to the Altmar Empire for a bit and shouldn’t return before in a few months. It’s just been me and Irin for a while now, and I’m sure she would also be elated upon learning of your return.”

“Yeah, good idea, I should also tell her,” Jake quickly agreed. This would also allow him to remember giving Irin that token thing he had received from the Demon Prince before he forgot he had it. Because he would totally forget he had it.

“I will see you in a bit,” Meira said, as she barely managed to stop herself from bowing yet again as she just nodded instead. She turned to leave, and Jake looked after her as he couldn’t help but speak up.

“Hey, Meira,” Jake said, the high elf stopping mid-walk as she turned and looked at him, making him smile. “You’re looking great. Keep up whatever you’re doing.”

Her eyes opened wide before she quickly whipped her head around and muttered in a small tone before hurrying back to her own residence. “Tha…. thank you…”

Jake saw her leave with quick steps as he kept smiling and shook his head. Meira still had a lot to learn even if she had come far, and the first lesson was to get some more self-confidence, even around Jake.

Going toward the main mansion, Jake felt nostalgic at the sight. Everything looked the same as when he left, and even faint remnants of the ritual that had hatched Vesperia could still be seen on one part of the large lawn.

Enjoying this book? Seek out the original to ensure the author gets credit.

When he got inside, he made his way to the couch and plopped down before he took out the Order Token. The item had been inactive during his stay in Nevermore, but now that he was back in the Order, it had been reactivated. Also, while Jake took it out to contact Irin, he decided to do one other thing first.

Checking out the available lessons, he noticed quite an interesting trend. Lessons targeting early C-grades were nearly all gone, with nearly all those remaining catering toward one subject and one subject only: Nevermore. They were about how to make good parties, workshops to learn teamwork, meet-ups for those looking for party members, and general combat-related stuff that would prove useful within the World Wonder.

It wasn’t that surprising. With a new version of Nevermore having just opened up, there was a rush to go there. Some wanted to compete on the Leaderboards to see if they could get a decent placement – decent in their cases being something like top 10,000 or even top 100,000. Because, yes, the Leaderboards gave titles to anyone who placed in the top 1,000,000. Of course, the title would be shit compared to the one Jake and the others who placed in the top 100 or even top 250, but they were still something any member of the Order would be proud to receive.

Others just wanted the experience and if they had to visit Nevermore, no time was better than now. Even for those like Scarlett who couldn’t compete on the Leaderboards, this was an opportunity to get at least a few levels in an efficient manner.

For mid and high-tier C-grades, the lessons offered were more or less the same as usual, with a few added talking about post-Nevermore planning and whatnot. From what Jake gathered, a lot were unsure what to do right after leaving Nevermore and needed a kick in the ass to get going toward a new goal, with courses like this helping with just that.

Jake wasn’t interested in attending anything; he just wanted to see what was available. At least he wasn’t interested for now. Maybe in the near future, if he wanted to grind some alchemy before the Prima Guardian arrived, he would also attend a few lessons if they appealed to him.

Still sitting and fiddling with the Token, he finally decided to make contact with Irin. The Token had her contact information saved, and the second he dialed her, he got a response.

“Welcome back to the Order of the Malefic VIper, Lord Thayne, Conquerer of Nevermore,” she said in a tone Jake couldn’t quite decide if was irony or genuine praise. Probably a mix of both.

“Thank you, Mistress Irinixis, Demon Who I’m Not Sure Has Even Been To Nevermore,” Jake answered, choosing to take the joking approach.

“Mistress has a nice tone to it… but no, I have not been to Nevermore for a good while,” Irin responded quickly. “The place just doesn’t particularly appeal to what I do, and in all honesty, I would drag down any party I went with.”

“Fair enough,” Jake said. It made sense. Irin only had a profession and a race, having chosen to forego a class. Her race did offer some combat measures, but ultimately, she didn’t have a Path suited for combat. Or, as Irin put it…

“You know I’m a lover, not a fighter. Also, I must say I’m flattered you contacted me this quickly after returning. You missed me?”

Maybe it was just Jake, but Irin seemed a bit more… straightforward than before. Then again, maybe it was just Jake. She had always been pretty aggressive and bold, so it wasn’t like she was acting out of character. In either case, Jake was all fine with playing along a bit.

“I did contact you to invite you to visit, but now I’m doubting if I should. Here I was, wanting to give you a souvenir, and I feel like you’re just teasing me,” Jake said with a sad tone.

“Oh? Now, you got me curious, but please tell me it isn’t the skull of a beast or something like that,” she said, clearly interested, though she didn’t seem to take his words that seriously, likely thinking Jake was just continuing to joke around.

“Nothing that grand. Just this Crest thing I got from the Demon Prince of the Fourth Hell, who I recently helped absorb the Crystalized Devil Heart of some dead Cerulean Devil during a first-in-the-multiverse ritual, making him evolve into a Cerulean Demon Lord,” Jake casually said.

A brief pause followed before Irin spoke.

“… I’m coming over.”

“See you in a bit,” Jake grinned as the connection was cut, and he leaned back on the sofa as he waited for her and Meira to arrive to get him all caught up on recent happenings.

Dina relaxed back at her own small residence on the small planet she usually lived on within the domain of the Pantheon of Life. She had a lot to meditate on as she soaked in the sun while reflecting on the last few decades.

She hadn’t ever made many friends throughout her life, at least not before going to Nevermore. Part of the reason for this was just how busy she had always been, but another major reason was her lack of trust in others. Dina was the granddaughter of Nature’s Attendant and had inherited a version of his Bloodline. This gave her a status she had never quite felt comfortable with and put a barrier between herself and her peers. Dina did still have some acquaintances, but she never knew who was around her due to her status or because of who she was as a person.

When her grandfather had proposed the idea of entering Nevermore with the Chosen of the Malefic Viper, she had been less than keen on it. Especially because she heard what people were saying about the idea. While they tried to be sneaky, the area controlled by the Pantheon of Life was naturally filled with plants, and they gladly shared all the secrets and gossip people had been talking about, thinking she couldn’t hear.

It was almost an open conspiracy that making her enter Nevermore with the Chosen was an attempt to forge a stronger connection between herself and the Chosen. That was why Dina hadn’t been keen, as she wasn’t interested in that kind of thing. Yet she had allowed herself to be persuaded, as she truly couldn’t say no to her grandfather, who seemed so excited at the idea.

So, with reluctance, she had joined his party… and she didn’t regret that choice at all. While it took her a while to open up, she truly considered them all close friends by now. Sure, the Fallen King was arrogant and not the nicest, but he was always respectful when it mattered and kept an extra eye on her during combat. Sylphie was the sweetest, and she didn’t have a single negative thing to say about the bird and she quite honestly felt angry at the thought of anyone even thinking negative things about her.

The Sword Saint was probably the one she had gotten the closest to. Perhaps because he reminded her a bit of her grandfather. It was weird that despite being a C-grade, the swordsman truly felt like an ancient existence, but it likely had something to do with his Path and Transcendence. He had been the man who made sure Dina had initially managed to integrate with the group, and Dina would be very sad if they didn’t get the chance to meet again relatively soon.

Finally, there was, of course, the Chosen of the Malefic Viper, Jake. And Jake was… odd. But not in a bad way. He was just always doing his own thing, and he always seemed to be looking forward, never back. His Path also confused her a bit. The Pantheon of Life had many hunters in it, Artemis being a prime example of this. However, in the eyes of the Pantheon, being a hunter was to be the enlightened version of a predator who coexisted and regulated the ecosystem. To be one with nature. And yet, Jake didn’t at all fit this mold, exemplified by one thing more than any other:

His utter lack of any nature affinity. No, his almost antagonistic relationship with the affinity.

To have the nature affinity was something Dina had come to associate with hunters, so to see Jake without it had confused her more than anything else. However, with time, she came to understand and reached a conclusion she wasn’t quite sure if she should share with anyone.

Jake couldn’t be one with nature. He didn’t exist with it or even seemed like he wanted to. He wasn’t there to regulate some ecosystem or even care about its continued existence. Jake was to nature… no, perhaps the entire multiverse, what happened when people tried to interfere and assist an ecosystem by introducing some new creature that proved too strong for its environment.

He was like an invasive species. Too suitable for the ecosystem and nature to survive his presence, thus rejecting him. He was outside of nature, untethered by its natural laws. At least, this was Dina’s theory on the matter.

In all honesty, Dina respected Jake a lot. He was incredibly strong, and whenever she was with him, she never felt like they could lose a fight. He always found a way to win, even when Dina feared they didn’t stand a chance. As a person, she had also come to like him. Not in the way many members of the Pantheon of Life had hoped, but as a close friend, and she believed he felt the same way. At least, she hoped he did.

As Dina was absorbing the powerful life energy of the sun while reflecting, she suddenly felt two new presences appear. One of them was her grandfather, who had left only half a day before, while the other one was Artemis, whom Dina was a bit surprised to see there.

“Dina, how are you adjusting now that you’re back home again?” her grandfather asked, with a bit of concern in his voice.

“I’m fine,” Dina smiled, happy to see him again so soon. While she had enjoyed Nevermore, she had still missed spending time with her grandfather.

“Good, good,” he said with a sense of relief as he suddenly turned a bit more serious. “She wants to see you.”

“Huh?” Dina asked with confusion.

“The Mother Tree has requested your presence,” Artemis further clarified. “Requested all of us.”

Dina quickly dispelled all other thoughts as she hurridly stood up with a mix of confusion, anticipation, and a bit of fear. This would be her first time ever directly meeting her… meeting the Mother Tree.

“Please,” Dina said as her grandfather nodded with a proud smile before the three of them teleported away.




***
Chapter 895: Yggdrasil


***






The Mother Tree. Tree of Life. World Tree. Primordial of Life.

Yggdrasil, like the other Primordials, had many names she went by. Dina wasn’t sure about the Primordial’s true origin, but based on history she had been a tree that had simply just never stopped growing. The entire Great Planet Yggdrasil called her home had her roots piercing deeply toward the core as the crown towered above the planet. The entire tree stood more than a hundredth of the entire Great Planet’s diameter tall, and there were legitimate concerns that even the Great Planet would one day prove too small.

Her crown was a vast network of planets, making the entire crown practically its entire own world. Within the crown, there were even subspaces housing large worlds and small galaxies. Countless beings within, and some even referred to it as its entire own universe. Which wasn’t entirely incorrect… for it was all linked to the Divine Realm of Yggdrasil.

Most Divine Realms existed within the void. Hidden from all those who did not know where it was. However, some were able to directly absorb the realm into themselves and make it a part of their bodies. Yggdrasil was one such being – with the Starseizing Titan being another notable example – making her a living Divine Realm, her body representing the growth of her realm and power. This had some benefits and disadvantages for sure, the biggest disadvantage being that should someone manage to fully destroy Yggdrasil’s body, it would also spell the end for her. Not that many considered that a legitimate possibility.

Dina had naturally seen Yggdrasil many times before. It was impossible not to, and the planet she usually lived on was close enough to the Great Planet that she could see the green glowing crown through space, like a massive star in the sky.

However, she had never interacted with the Primordial. Few people had, especially among mortals. The only notable one was her grandfather, Nature’s Attendant, who acted as the right hand of Yggdrasil, dealing with everything that didn’t directly pertain to her own realm.

As a tree, Yggdrasil did have some drawbacks that came with her Path, such as her inability to move. Even with her massive power, she could not move herself from the Great Planet she had taken root on… though Dina had heard some scary rumors that even if Yggdrasil couldn’t move herself, she could move where she had taken root. The thought of an entire Great Planet getting forcibly moved through space in any way was more than a little scary in its own right.

Either way, Yggdrasil’s limitations meant she very much focused on only her own immediate domain and let Dina’s grandfather handle all the multiversal politics on her behalf. In fact, he handled pretty much everything the Pantheon of Life did, Yggdrasil very rarely taking any actions herself. Yet there was never any doubt who the true leader of the Pantheon of Life was, as when Yggdrasil did let her presence known and directly got involved in a matter, she never hesitated to take decisive action.

To ask for someone to meet her directly wasn’t something that happened often either. The only instances Dina knew it happened was whenever a new god had arisen within the Pantheon of Life or when Yggdrasil decided to get a new Chosen. This matter was definitely not related to making Dina any kind of Chosen, though. If Dina would become the Chosen of anyone, it was her grandfather, and even if she wasn’t, the Chosen of Yggdrasil was still alive last Dina heard.

This meant there was really only one thing this meeting could be about…

“Is… is this truly a matter important enough for the Mother Tree to get involved directly?” Dina asked as she traveled with her grandfather and Artemis. “I know Nevermore is important, but…”

“I talked to her after I returned,” her grandfather said in a calm tone. “She was naturally interested, especially when I mentioned some matters related to the new leader of the All-Time Leaderboard. Even so, I was surprised when she said she wanted to see you directly. But don’t worry, you’re not in any trouble.”

“I’m also surprised she asked for me. Is the reason she wants to see me related to… that?” Artemis asked, also sounding a bit concerned.

“To what?” Dina asked, having honestly been a bit confused as to why Artemis was even here, or had been at Nevermore in the first place. Dina didn’t really know Artemis that well, but her best guess had been that she was interested in seeing a hunter take the top spot on the Leaderboards. It wouldn’t be weird for her to take an interest in Jake… but it appeared there was more to it, and she hadn’t taken the kind of interest Dina expected.

Artemis looked at Dina before sighing. “What do you think of the Chosen of the Malefic Viper?”

“He’s peculiar and definitely extremely powerful. He was also a brilliant party member, and I wouldn’t have done as well in Nevermore as I did without him,” Dina said after thinking a bit.

“Not like that,” Artemis waved her off. “What do you think of him as a potential partner or mate? I know you know there were intentions to pair the two of you up.”

Dina was a bit taken aback by the question, and she saw how her grandfather also wasn’t that happy with the question… though he did seem curious about her answer. She was afraid to disappoint him, but she wasn’t going to lie.

“I don’t have any thoughts toward him in that vein at all. I also don’t believe he does toward me,” she quickly shut it down, fully expecting her grandfather and Artemis to be disappointed… and while her grandfather did let out a small sigh, Artemis reacted quite the opposite as she grinned.

“Great, then you won’t complain if I decide to pursue him,” Artemis said, as she seemed uninterested in hiding exactly what “that” was. “You know about my image in the Colosseum of Mortals and how those work, right?”

“I know,” Dina confirmed with a nod.

“Well, my image and the Chosen got, let’s just say, involved during his time in the Challenge Dungeon,” Artemis said. “Very involved, if you catch my meaning.”

“Wh… what?” Dina asked, as her eyes opened wide.

“You know, I’m kinda glad Jake didn’t mention it; very respectful of him,” Artemis said with a smile. “Anyway, that’s why I went to Nevermore to see him for myself, and… let’s just say I hope he takes me up on my invitation for some archery lessons.”

Dina calling herself shocked would be an understatement. Jake had slept with the image of Artemis within the Challenge Dungeon? The images had the full memories of the gods themselves, effectively just making them unlinked avatars… she had never heard about this happening before. Much less with someone like Artemis, who Dina knew was famous for rejecting every potential partner introduced.

“What made you-“

“I think that’s between me and him, wouldn’t you agree?” Artemis threw Dina a glance, making a shiver run down her back as she nodded slowly, dropping the subject as she still mentally mulled over the subject. Upon deeper reflection, wasn’t this great? If Jake formed a closer connection to the Pantheon of Life, it would only benefit the faction as far as Dina was concerned. For gods and mortals to pair up also wasn’t that weird. In fact, it was practically the norm. Seeing as how two gods reproducing was simply too difficult and rare, it was normal for powerful mortals and gods to end up together with the goal of producing children, though it usually only happened when the mortal was S-grade.

You could be reading stolen content. Head to Royal Road for the genuine story.

Their group of three remained quiet until they finally reached their destination. On the way, Dina deeply considered the Jake-Artemis matter and only got more on board the more she thought about it. They had traveled this last part toward the base of the utterly massive tree on a wooden barge floating through space. Once they got closer, they entered the trunk through a hole, and the second they were inside, Dina felt the pressure fall upon her.

She saw Artemis buckle a bit while her grandfather remained unaffected. Dina also felt her legs shake, but she managed to remain upright without many issues. They kept floating forward for a few more minutes as Dina looked around what may as well have been a massive cavern. She saw rivers run within the walls, and a vine moved here or there, as the life energy all around them was nearly suffocating. Without Yggdrasil’s presence, elementals or creatures would be born in the millions every single day simply due to the environment.

Soon enough, they reached a ledge, and their barge docked as they got off. DIna followed after her grandfather, who led them through a small hallway before they reached a small hole leading into a large round chamber. There was a bit of furniture in the center, having grown out of the tree itself. To sit on this furniture would be like sitting on a part of Yggdrasil herself, making Dina feel a bit weird.

Even so, her grandfather and Artemis did not hesitate to sit as her grandfather motioned for her to do the same. With apprehension, Dina sat down, as she tried to keep her composure. She and Artemis both suffered from the constant pressure and while Dina found it a bit suffocating, she believed she would soon get used to it.

“You were right, Tonken,” a voice suddenly echoed throughout the chamber. Dina felt the attention on her as she lowered her head a bit. “This is a first, child. You are the first C-grade to come here in many eras… and the first able to do so without a Bloodline or Transcendence allowing you to handle my presence.”

“I will admit that this boon was not part of my initial intentions, and I view it as a happy accident,” her grandfather answered with a smile.

“A happy accident indeed,” the voice echoed again before it suddenly appeared much closer. “Tell me, child, what do you feel right now?”

Dina slowly lifted her head and saw a figure had appeared in front of her, sitting on a chair of wood. The woman looked a bit like Dina herself but didn’t have things like antlers or flowers anywhere. She was nearly entirely green instead. She wore no clothes, with all the important parts covered with either her floor-length hair that looked like grass or small natural growths coming out of her body. Dina naturally knew she was looking at Yggdrasil – or at least the dryad form she had momentarily adopted. As for her question…

“Ne… nervous…” Dina said, looking down again.

“Look up at me,” the Primordial said, Dina not daring to not obey the command. She lifted her head and looked forward, meeting the eyes of the dryad. She saw those endlessly deep green eyes as she felt her consciousness begin to waver for a moment before she had to avert her gaze.

“Intriguing. The soul does not appear mutated, yet it’s clearly changed somehow…” Yggdrasil commented before turning to her grandfather again. “And this is caused by the Chosen of the Malefic Viper?”

“Undoubtedly,” Dina’s grandfather confirmed.

“And she was simply in his presence for an extended period of time for this to happen?” Yggdrasil continued.

“Correct,” her grandfather once more confirmed, Dina also instinctively nodding a bit.

“hm,” Yggdrasil sounded out before looking back at Dina. “That will be all; keep up the good work. I look forward to hearing of your continued growth.”

With those words, Dina disappeared from within the tree, finding herself sitting back at her home in the very next second, sitting there as if she had never left in the first place.

Jake took the time while waiting for Meira and Irin to play a bit with his Cradle and check in on the Soulflame progress. He still infused it with his arcane mana intermittently, but he kind of just had to leave it to do its own thing most of the time.

In the world within, the war of the Soulflames continued as they devoured one another constantly. Quite a few powerful Arcane Soulflames had been born by now, but none had reached the top tier yet. In fact, Jake had yet to see even a single pinnacle-tier Soulflame, much less a Supreme Soulflame, during all the time he had owned the mythical item. Checking its description, he had kind of hoped something had changed, but nope. He did take extra notice of one sentence, though.

“Only a single Soulflame can truly be born from the Cradle, the item getting destroyed upon extraction as all others become fuel for the chosen one.”

Reading this, Jake began to think that maybe seeing a Supreme Soulflame wasn’t even possible, and it could only be obtained upon extraction by further empowering a pinnacle-tier Soulflame. Or, he just had to wait long enough for one to actually appear.

This was definitely the most frustrating part of the Cradle of Soul’s Kindling. Jake didn’t truly have any control over when a useful Soulflame would be born. He couldn’t exert any direct control of the internal world. The entire Cradle was more or less just Minaga exploiting the system a bit by making a method to gamble far more efficiently. But it was still gambling.

Jake could get lucky tomorrow that a powerful Arcane Soulflame would appear within the Cradle and devour enough other Soulflames to become a Supreme one. However, he could also be so damn unlucky that he wouldn’t see any Soulflame he considered worth extracting before ascending to godhood.

Of course, there was one option Jake could try: seeing what would happen if he infused some of his Jake Juice. However, Jake wasn’t even sure that would help with anything. As mentioned, he had no control over the internal world, so if he sent in some of his special energy, he couldn’t even ensure his arcane energy within the Cradle merged with it. It would seriously suck if he accidentally empowered a random ice-affinity Soulflame, wasting his time and energy while even risking bricking the Cradle in the process.

No… no, the best choice right now was to simply be patient. There were a lot more Arcane Soulflames within the Cradle now than any other affinity, and with time, they would only dominate more. It was impossible to make his arcane affinity the only affinity in the internal world but to see so many Arcane Soulflames gave him hope. Plus, Jake believed himself a pretty lucky person, so it couldn’t be that long before fortune smiled upon him and blessed him with a banger Soulflame, right?

Putting away the Cradle, he felt a new presence arrive on the lawn outside. Through his sphere, he saw it was Irin, who looked a bit flustered and in a hurry as she made her way to the main mansion. He also saw Meira heading over, no longer in her combat attire but having switched to less bloody and torn clothes. He still didn’t think the change was neccecary, but oh well, who was he to police what kind of clothing people felt comfortable in, especially with his own tendency to wear a mask when around strangers.

Irin entered first as Jake got up from the sofa and went to greet her.

“Hey, Irin,” Jake said with a smile as she entered the living room. As usual, she wore clothing that left little to the imagination, and when she saw him, she had an almost hungry look in her eyes that she quickly suppressed.

“Good to have you back,” she smiled.

“Good to be back,” Jake concurred as he made sure to remember the Crest for once. Taking it out of his spatial storage, he tossed the item to Irin casually. “Catch.”

Irin instinctively did so as she looked at the item Jake had thrown, her eyes opening wide. She looked almost afraid to be holding the Crest. “This… do you even know what this is.”

“According to the Demon Prince, a Crest of some sort that will be useful if I decide to visit the Hells,” Jake shrugged as a thought struck him. “Actually, that got me wondering… I know barely anything about these Hells.”

“You… you said you helped the Demon Prince of the Fourth Hell with a ritual, not even knowing anything about the demon factions?” Irin asked, staring at him. “Tell me you at least signed a liability waiver before you did the ritual.”

“Of course I did,” Jake said in a serious tone.

For some reason, hearing Jake had the Demon Prince sign a waiver made Irin bite her lip before she licked it. She looked like she wanted to pounce on him then and there, but she quickly collected herself when she heard the door open as Meira arrived. Nevertheless, she continued talking. “Alright… I guess a brief lesson in the social and political climate of demon aristocracy is in order, along with a brief introduction to the Nine Hells.”




***
Chapter 896: Demon Lore Galore


***






Before Irin had her chance to launch into a lengthy explanation about the demon race, Meira entered the living room. The high elf instantly spotted the succubus as she smiled. “Irin! It’s great you could come over so fast.”

To Jake’s surprise, Meira went over and hugged the succubus, who happily returned the gesture. After their brief hug, Meira joined Jake on one of the couches as Irin sat down on a third one, Jake noticing how the two of them made some small talk while being all smiles.

Okay, they have definitely gotten closer during my absence, Jake noted. It was honestly good to see that Meira had made some more friends. Jake also didn’t doubt that Irin would gladly make friends with Meira, if not for pragmatic and selfish reasons, as surely it would only be beneficial to be friends with the Chosen of Duskleaf.

With everyone settled down, they finally got back to business as the succubus looked at Jake.

”So, I’m just going to assume you aren’t that aware of how the demon race as a whole works. Am I right to have this assumption?” Irin asked, Jake slowly nodding. While he did know a bit, his knowledge was definitely limited, and a bit of repeated information had never killed anyone.

“Alright, let’s start from the basics. While most demons you have encountered thus far were enlightened, there are far, far more types, with the majority being classified as monsters. The thing is, these are rather rare to find outside of certain specific areas, as they require demonic energy to be born, and the non-intelligent ones rarely, if ever, stray out of demonic lands. They tend to progress far slower outside, after all.”

Jake nodded along, knowing this part already from some books he had read. Demonic beasts and monsters in that vein totally existed, and Jake kind of wanted to encounter one at some point. Alas, as Irin said, they were rare outside of demonic lands.

“Demonic lands can be found… well, pretty much anywhere. A few planets exist here and there that naturally possess the demonic affinity, and you can find certain sectors in every universe where it is the dominant affinity, making it a bit similar to the death affinity in that regard,” the succubus continued, as she even supplemented her explanation with projections of mana.

“However, the most well-known areas classified as demonic lands are no doubt the Nine Hells, also called the Nine Circles of Hell,” she continued as the mana projection changed, showing nine layers stacked atop one another. “Do you know of the origin of the Nine Hells?”

“I’m going to assume they were created by the system,” Jake made an educated guess.

“Yes and no. The history of the Nine Hells is a bit complicated, to say the least. The brief explanation is that, at first, it was artificially created by a group of nine devils to establish some form of safe haven and home base for all the demonic races by turning their respective Divine Realms into a Hell each, with every Hell symbolizing aspects of the devil’s Path. With time, they began to be known as the Nine Circles of Hell, representing sin and whatnot. Not to be confused with Sin Curses… though curse magic is very much a staple among demons, so I can’t really say there isn’t any connection.

“Anyway, the Nine Hells exist in a separate dimension, accessible from all the universes far more easily than another universe, which is part of the reason why demonic summoning is such a prominent thing. The veil is incredibly thin, and even I have a treasure allowing me to enter the Nine Hells at any moment without much trouble,” she continued, surprising Jake quite a bit. He knew snippets, and he knew how people could summon things from the “demonic realms,” but he didn’t know this was part of the reason. There was also the demon’s innate racial skills related to summoning, so more likely than not, it wasn’t that the demons adapted to the Nine Hells, but that the Nine Hells were created with demonkind in mind.

Looking at Meira, the high elf clearly already knew all this, making Jake feel a bit out of the loop as Irin continued her history lesson.

“These Nine Hells were expanded by more and more devils, as a hierarchy was formed, until the integration of the sixth universe. I am not exactly clear on how or why it happened, but the system adopted the Nine Hells and made it into what it is today: a World Wonder. A quite unique one at that, as it’s more or less its own separate universe filled solely with demonic energy and owned by the demonic races. And that concludes my brief history lesson on the Nine Hells and how they came to be,” the succubus finished.

“I see,” Jake nodded. “That was very enlightening, and-“

“Oh no, that was just the history part… now we’re on to the political climate of the Nine Hells,” Irin smiled devilishly, not even giving Jake a break. “Each of the Nine Hells is ruled by a devil, family, or clan. These rulers of the Nine Hells are referred to as nobles, and status has a huge significance in demon culture. This is part of the reason I’m happy to be here right now, as just me working as your assistant of sorts has granted me quite a lot of respect among my peers.”

“Well, glad to be of assistance,” Jake smiled and shook his head. “And let me guess, the Cerulean Demon is part of the family that rules the Fourth Hell?”

“Correct,” Irin confirmed. “The Fourth Hell is ruled by a powerful demon family that has controlled it for a long time, with the Cerulean Devil you mentioned as one of their most notable figures before he died. The Demon Prince you met is one of the most important figures in the younger generation, and he has a peak status among mortals. His title of prince also means his father is the current ruler of the Fourth Hell.”

Jake nodded along as he asked curiously: “Are the Nine Hells ranked based on power? The Demon Prince said the Crest should allow one to be treated well in at least the four first Hells.”

“Again, it’s a bit more complicated than that,” Irin sighed. “Each of the Hells has a different environment. The Fourth Hell is filled with demonic lightning and wind, making it a suitable environment for those who have that kind of affinity. As each ruler of the Hells has held their throne for a long time, no one can really be sure who is the strongest anymore. Though there is some truth to it being ranked based on power, as none would dare argue against the ruler of the Ninth Hell being the strongest by a landslide.”

“How would this ruler of the Ninth Hell square up against, let’s say, a Primordial?” Jake wondered out loud.

“That…” Irin said as she hesitated before steeling herself. “This is not meant to be taken the wrong way… but it very much depends. If the fight takes place within the Nine Hells, the ruler will have an advantage, while if the confrontation happens outside, the Primordial will have an edge. There is a story from a few eras ago where the ruler of the Ninth Hell and Eversmile got into a contractual dispute that ended in a fight where Eversmile had the advantage at first until they changed venue to the Nine Hells, at which point Eversmile chose to retreat.”

“So, not a pushover, got it,” Jake nodded as he seemed to get the gist of it. “What you are pretty much telling me is that the Crest I tossed to you earlier grants the person holding it the status of a demon part of the aristocracy within the Nine Hells, right?”

“More than that,” Irin said in a serious tone. “It signifies you are an important and highly valued guest of the faction the Crest belongs to. These Crests are only ever given out by the respective leaders of the Hells, meaning should you do anything to someone holding a Crest, it will be viewed as a personal attack on them. It also means they take responsibility for the one they granted the Crest to.”

“Surprised the Demon Prince said it was fine for me to hand it to someone else,” Jake muttered.

“He probably expected you to hand it to an envoy. Someone acting as your agent if you didn’t have anything you wanted yourself but perhaps needed something for your subordinates,” Irin theorized.

“I don’t really have any subordinates,” Jake muttered.

“A lot of people, me included, would vehemently disagree with that statement,” the succubus just smiled and shook her head. “You may not officially make anyone your subordinates, but that doesn’t mean they won’t be subordinate to you.”

Jake wanted to argue… but deep down, he knew it would be a waste of time, as Irin was most definitely correct.

“Anyway, you’ll take the Crest, right?” Jake asked, wanting to change the subject. “I don’t need it, and I reckon you can get something useful with it.”

“If I’m being perfectly honest, I’m not even sure I dare use it,” Irin sighed. “The amount of questions I will be bombarded with will be suffocating, and it will lead to a needless amount of rumors. It would have been better if you got a Crest from someone in the second circle of Hell.”

“Let me guess, the circle of lust and home to many succubi?” Jake made an educated guess.

“And here I thought you didn’t know anything about demons,” Irin raised an eyebrow.

“Just a really good guess,” Jake smiled. Honestly, guessing things based on memories of myths from Earth had a shocking level of accuracy, though the details did tend to, more often than not, be a bit off. Like... sure, Valhal was some mythical realm of nordic mythology before the system, meaning the halls of the fallen or something like that. In reality, it was called Valhal because Valdemar had literally called his faction Valdemar’s Mead Hall in the early days, and with time, that name had been shortened to Valhal. Literally, Valdemar’s Hall.

“But, yes, you’re correct. It’s the Hell run by a succubus, the strongest of my race, and is a land filled with illusions and dreams,” Irin confirmed, adding on with a smirk. “A very popular holiday destination, too, in case you’re interested.”

“At this point, I’m pretty sure I have standing invitations to visit half of the factions in the multiverse; I have no idea when I would even find the time,” Jake sighed.

“Hopefully, time will become an infinite resource,” Irin smiled. “Besides, I’m sure you can learn to create avatars or something and just send those to visit all the places you neglected at some point.”

“That feels pretty disrespectful,” Jake muttered, not really keen on the idea. “But, back on topic… what the hell should I do with the Crest if you don’t want it?”

“I said I wasn’t certain I dared use it, not that I wasn’t interested,” Irin said with a smile. “Chances just are I’ll take my master along or go with a group to not stand out as much. Of course, you could also go with me, and we could stop by the second circle on the way back…”

“Tempting offer, but I think I’ll pass,” Jake said, really not having the time.

“A pity,” Irin smiled.

“Anyway, enough about me and all this demon stuff… what have you two been up to during these last few years, and how have things changed around here?”

“Can’t say I have much to report,” Irin shrugged. “Things are very much as usual, outside of the rush for Nevermore and the many local celebrations recently taking place upon learning that the Chosen of the Malefic Viper topped the All-Time Leaderboard. Personally, I believe I have made good progress, but nothing too outstanding. At least not compared to the honored Chosen of Duskleaf, Grand Elder of the Order, and disciple of the Malefic Viper.”

“Irin…” Meira muttered, a bit embarrassed.

“Irin indeed!” Jake said in a stern tone. “How dare you joke around with the venerable Chosen of Duskleaf? You are lucky she is too merciful to have you whipped for such disrespect!”

“I am truly blessed, allowed to be in such company,” Irin also continued to joke. “Though I wouldn't necessarily be opposed to a bit of whipping…”

Meira just glared daggers at them both before they stopped, and Jake waved it off. “Joking, joking. It’s no lie; you’re definitely the one who has undergone the most changes, so what have you been up to, Meira? And don’t even try to downplay because you must have had quite an eventful period.”

The high elf took a moment before she sighed. “Alright, yeah, quite a lot has happened. Shortly after you left to Nevermore…”

Meira proceeded to explain everything she had been up to over the last few years. How Duskleaf had continued to teach her, her leveling of her class and profession to get a Perfect Evolution to C-grade, and how the god had helped her become a high elf. Duskleaf had then blessed her with a True Blessing, making her his first Chosen in many, many years.

At this point, Irin added, a bit teasingly, how both Duskleaf and Meira had wanted to avoid any kind of celebration and how Meira had more or less hidden away for a while. Alas, such things could not be kept secret for long, and ultimately, an official notice was sent off. Luckily, Duskleaf was already known as a bit of a recluse, so no one questioned when no big ceremony was held.

Continuing her story, Jake heard how she had returned to her home village, and when Jake heard about everything that had gone down there, he couldn’t help but smile. He smiled not just at what she had done but at the mere fact she had gone there. To want to take control of her home and help her family members was a selfish decision that had nothing to do with Jake or anyone else but something she had decided solely by herself.

This was one of the things Meira had needed to work on the most: being selfish. So to see her leverage her newly gained position was honestly great in Jake’s eyes. What she had done with her old clan was also good. She had effectively freed them all from slavery and made them part of her own faction of sorts.

Meira didn’t talk that much about this, though, but more about how she had spent time with her family and how it took a bit for them to get used to what she had become. Luckily, her siblings were very accepting, but her mother had taken a bit.

Jake saw Meira’s happiness as she explained helping out her family and clan. With it now being known Meira originally came from there, some people who wanted to get in her and Duskleaf’s good graces had even moved there to improve the area further, with the clan members now all considered true members of the Order… which kind of got Jake thinking.

If Jake had revealed himself as the Chosen… couldn’t he also have just freed Meira from being a slave the very day they met and just declared her an official member of the Order? Oh, he definitely could have, couldn’t he?

Not that Jake regretted how he handled everything when he looked at Meira. He had no idea what would have happened to her if he had just freed her, but he seriously doubted she would be doing as well as she was now.

Meira continued with all her exploits, as it truly did sound like she had done more in three years than Jake had in fifty. Granted, she did spend a bit of time in a time chamber reading a lot of books at one point, but it hadn’t been that long.

After a while, the conversation shifted again as Irin and Meira began to ask Jake questions about his own time in Nevermore and everything that had happened there. Sadly, Jake couldn’t really share that much due to the rules of Nevermore not allowing one to share specific details, but he could give an overall overview of some things.

As they were all talking, Jake suddenly felt something. The barrier around his personal residence had been reinforced by the Malefic Viper to ensure no one could peek inside or get in without Jake’s permission, yet at this moment, Jake felt a small hole open in it… opened by the Viper himself. Ah, but not for his own avatar to enter…

Jake turned his head and stared out the window. Irin and Meira also stopped their conversation when they noticed Jake suddenly get distracted as they turned just in time to see a massive worm fall down from the sky, landing on his lawn with a big thump, as yet another Chosen had joined their little get-together.




***
Chapter 897: Planting Seeds & Sandy's Return


***






Within the largest tree of the multiverse, Artemis, Nature’s Attendant and the avatar of Yggdrasil, remained even after Dina had been teleported away.

The Primordial seemed to be in thought for a moment before turning to Artemis. “Either you have made significant progress in a very short amount of time, or the aura of the Viper’s Chosen has even affected you despite the briefness of your encounter.”

Artemis didn’t even hesitate to agree. “Undoubtedly, albeit the effect is nothing compared to what Nature Attendant’s granddaughter experienced.”

“Even so, this proves it even works on gods,” Yggdrasil continued. “Tell me, were you aware of the change taking place?”

“No,” Artemis shook her head. “Only after I deeply inspected myself did I notice anything.”

“I see,” Yggdrasil nodded. “Any changes to your divine realm?”

“None,” Artemis once more shook her head. “I do not think there are any tangible changes in any form. It’s more like a shift in perspective. It’s not that much different to how when I feel the aura of the Mother Tree, the auras of others just seem insignificant in comparison, even if they are more powerful than myself.”

“Are you saying my aura is insignificant compared to the Viper’s Chosen?” Yggdrasil asked in an amused, almost joking tone.

“That is…” Artemis said, taking the question entirely serious. “In some aspects, yes. There is a sense of… superiority within his aura. One that naturally has to exist above any other, suppressing others not out of any desire or choice, but simply because it’s expressing the rightful way of the world.”

“His aura matched that of Valdemar’s in pure quality,” Nature’s Attendant chimed in as he frowned a bit. “No… saying it matched Valdemar’s isn’t entirely accurate. It simply clashed with Valdemar’s, not allowing it to gain any dominion where not allowed.”

“And that which was not allowed to be imposed upon included Artemis,” Yggdrasil said with a smile. “I am beginning to understand your interest in him.”

“Does that mean-“

“You have my permission, but wait,” the Primordial interrupted Artemis. “Wait till he matures. Grows into something more sustainable than he is now. While attention is good, even the most rigorous of plants will wither if given too much.”

“If he perishes, his Bloodline will disappear with him,” Nature’s Attendant added in a serious tone.

Yggdrasil just smiled. “If that happens, perhaps it’s simply nature correcting itself. That, or he will be able to overcome even the natural balance. Either way… I look forward to seeing what he grows into. Ah, but feel free to continue planting the seeds for a budding future; it would be a shame for someone else to reap what we failed to sow.”

With these words, the avatar Yggdrasil faded away, leaving Artemis and Nature’s Attendant behind as the two of them didn’t wait before they left the Mother Tree, both with quite some food for thought.

In the multiverse, countless Paths existed. The vast majority did have significant overlap, though, falling into either the camp of crafting or fighting. Extrapolated a bit to include monsters, this meant either being in charge of creating and rearing the next generation, leading their kin, or fighting. In fact, of all Paths in the multiverse, one thing was a near-constant:

Fighting and killing.

Even those who focused on creation tended to leave a mountain of corpses in their wake. It was simply how the multiverse worked. To battle was the most simplistic form of displaying superiority over others. No matter how good of a crafter you were, what did it matter if others could simply rob you of your creations or kill you outright?

Yet, some Paths did exist that didn’t revolve around fighting. Jacob was one example of this. He was purely in the “creation” department. He helped guide people to improve their Paths and was a leader and spiritual guide of sorts. One could almost say he was a crafter of other people.

But… on very, very rare occasions, there were those with Paths that had nothing to do with either creation or even fighting. Those who didn’t particularly fit into any box, but were so specialized in one extremely fringe direction.

One such example was the giant worm that had just fallen on Jake’s lawn, ripping up the soil and making a real mess of things. Sandy had a Path that didn’t require them to craft anything nor to ever fight. Sandy was specialized in doing one thing, and one thing only:

Eating.

And getting away with eating stuff that belonged to those who specialized in fighting.

This had resulted in Sandy being an utterly lopsided existence that, quite frankly, was borderline useless in battle. All the big worm could do was ram people or try and eat them, and based on all Jake knew, Sandy could only really eat those a lot weaker. The purpose of eating them also wasn’t to kill them but to use them as “resources” within the worm’s internal world.

Besides eating, all of Sandy’s other abilities had gone into the art of escape and durability. While this kind of Path was rarely one that worked out well in the multiverse due to the lack of self-defense… well, Sandy seemed to be doing pretty well for themselves when Jake used a quick Identify as he, Meira, and Irin walked outside the talk to the worm that was wiggling on the grass.

[Juvenile Cosmic Genesis Worm – lvl 242]

“Hey Jake!” the worm yelled telepathically the moment Jake walked outside. “Oh! Succubus and the elf are also here! Or should I call her a high elf now? Speaking of, why is it even called a high elf? Did she even get taller? Oh, wait, I ate this thing called a Highmountain-something, and that one was from a high mountain, so that name made sense… oh, I know, maybe high elves originally come from big mountains? Hey, high elf, that isn’t actually that high; why are you called a high elf?”

Meira just stared with a confused expression for a moment before muttering. “I… don’t know exactly why we’re called high elves… but it’s probably to signify it’s a higher race of sorts compared to usual elves? While the stats aren’t different compared to regular elves, we do have different racial skills.”

“I guess that can make sense, too,” Sandy readily accepted the answer that was frankly way more serious than Sandy’s question deserved. “Anyway! Jake! I heard you’re back, and you are now an even bigger deal than before because you did some stuff on a Leaderboard!”

“I am back indeed, and I did do stuff on a Leaderboard,” Jake smiled, honestly happy to see Sandy again. The big worm was always interesting to be around, even if it did feel a bit weird talking to the giant mound of wiggling flesh on his lawn.

“That’s great! Speaking of great, am I the only one who’s starving?” Sandy said as Jake felt the expectant attention of the cosmic worm on him.However, before he could even say anything, Irin spoke up.

“I do believe we could all do with a snack, and while I’m not sure if Jake has anything you find appealing, I hope my offering can at least help please the Chosen of the Lord Protector.”

With these words, she waved her hand as a bunch of lockboxes appeared, making Jake throw her a look.

“Items given to me by the top brass should I encounter the Chosen of the Lord Protector,” she quickly clarified with a telepathic message as she smiled at him. Jake definitely did notice how she very heavily implied all this stuff was from her alone…

“Oh! That does smell good… just a second, I’m on a bit of a diet and have to watch what I eat, so I’ll just have my dietitian take a look at things,” Sandy said happily as the worm wiggled a bit and floated into the air as they opened their mouth.

Space distorted as a man wearing an expensive-looking suit appeared.

“Wh… where am I!? What happened, wh-“

“Oops, wrong guy!” Sandy said as they sucked the man back in before spitting out another suit-wearing man, this one far more put together.

“Does Lord Sandy require my services?” he asked the second he oriented himself.

“Yep! That stuff over there!” Sandy said, the man somehow knowing where Sandy mentally pointed.

Turning around, the man spotted Jake and the others before his eyes opened wide as he bowed. “I greet the Chosen of the Malefic One, as well as the Chosen of the Grand Elder.”

“Hey there, don’t mind us and attend to your matters,” Jake quickly said, Meira nodding in agreement. With their approval, and while dealing with the pressure of being in the presence of three Chosen, the man went over to the offering and began to go through them with a clipboard. While that was interesting in its own right, Jake was more interested in what had happened before.

“Who was that first guy?” Jake asked, confused as he turned to look at Sandy.

“Oh, that was just Tom.”

“And who is Tom?”

“A guy I ate.”

“Why did you eat Tom?”

“A better question is: why wouldn’t I eat Tom?”

Jake just looked at Sandy as he sighed. “You know what? Fair enough. Why do you need a dietitian anyway?”

“Eh, something about eating more quality over quantity and stuff like that. Basically about me not wasting time digesting stuff that isn’t worth digesting,” Sandy said.

“I see,” Jake nodded, that making a lot of sense to him. It was probably like how Jake shouldn’t waste his time hunting weaker prey. He could totally see Sandy only benefitting from certain kinds of natural treasures by now as they got stronger. There was definitely also a Records aspect to it.

No matter the case, Jake was sure the Lord Protector had this handled. The Boundless Hydra was very good at eating stuff himself, so Jake felt confident that if anyone was qualified to give Sandy advice on the Path of devouring, it was him.

With the dietitian hard at work, Jake changed the subject a bit. “What are your plans regarding this Prima Guardian system event, by the way? Are you heading back to Earth with the rest of us?”

”Maybe?” Sandy responded. ”Not sure I should. The rules about the Prima thing said that beasts who consumed unique system-given stuff in the early days aren’t allowed to fight against the big boss, only alongside it, and, well, I ate a lot of system-given stuff back then.”

“I… hadn’t really thought of that,” Jake muttered. “Then again, can you even fight? Say, what if you just help doing stuff that isn’t directly related to fighting, like helping people travel around faster or something? I doubt the system would force you to fight for the Prima Guardian, so indirect help may be allowed.”

“Based on what I know of these system event bosses, I believe Jake’s assessment is correct,” Irin chimed in. “Historically, in cases like these, the system-empowered entities won’t be controlled or forced to do anything, but they may be punished if they choose to go against the event boss. It’s also equally possible this Prima Guardian will have a unique ability supressing anyone who consumed these system-provided items, making it near-impossible for them to fight against the boss.”

“Hm, if the succubus who brings me tasty snacks is right, I guess I should return. Maybe I can even find some good stuff to eat in the ninety-third universe. I have heard people talking about how new universes tend to have a lot of tasty stuff in their infancy…” Sandy seemingly agreed after thinking a bit.

“Actually, can you even go? What about the people you ate? Will they be able to go to the ninety-third universe with you?” Jake suddenly had a thought.

“Good question that I already thought about all on my own! They totally can; I just can’t let them out. Like, I already tried it once for funsies, kind of thinking that the person would go boom or something, but nope, they just won’t come out no matter what I do. Ah, but don’t worry, Tom can come out; he is from our universe,” Sandy gladly explained.

“… good to know?” Jake muttered. “Did you eat Tom on Earth?”

“No? What a silly question; there’s no way Tom would be from Earth!” Sandy said, wiggling in laughter.

Jake really wanted to ask more about Tom but stopped himself as he sighed. “In that case, will you return with me when I head back? I plan on going… actually, probably just later today. I don’t think I have a lot I have to do at the Order; I mainly came by to say hi to these two.”

He said the last part while motioning to Irin and Meira. Alright, he had not come specifically to see these two, but the people he knew in the Order. Seeing as everyone else was away, he only really had these two he wanted to check in on.

“You’re leaving already?” Irin said in a downtrodden tone, with Meira not looking happy at the news either.

“Not like I won’t come by once in a while,” Jake smiled, shaking his head. “Things here in the Order are a lot more stable than places such as Earth. I feel like it’s better I’m there. Also, I am more than a little curious to see how things have developed over the last three or so years. Finally… there are a few places I’ve been meaning to check out. Maybe even some places you can help me get to, Sandy.”

“Sure, as long as I can eat everything there while you deal with all the things not wanting me to eat everything there,” the gluttonous worm agreed. “It’ll be like in the old days!”

“Hopefully, with less stress,” Jake smiled. While his adventure with Sandy had been fun, the circumstances in which they had happened hadn’t been. He could definitely do without another invasion.

Shaking off the thought, the four of them kept speaking for a while before they moved things inside, which was when Jake saw just how much Sandy had improved their spatial abilities.

The giant worm, around a hundred meters long in total, rapidly shrank down at an incredible speed. In a mere moment, Sandy went from a giant worm to a small grub no larger than a guinea pig. Sandy proceeded to jump on Jake’s shoulder, catching a ride as they all went inside to continue the conversation that Sandy had so rudely interrupted when they decided to drop in.

Now, they had just added another person to share their adventures over the last few years. Adventures Sandy gladly shared all the details about, though, for some reason, it was always framed around what was eaten rather than the enemies or the grand vistas Sandy saw while flying around with S-grades and gods alike.

Their talks continued for the rest of the day as they all got caught up, but soon, it was time. Jake had a planet to attend to, and much of the doubt he had about leaving Meira alone had been dispelled. He knew how dependent on him she had seemed, but now, she truly had grown into her own person and had a status of her own. It genuinely made him happy, and he looked forward to what she would one day become.

As for Irin… well, she made it no secret that she planned on sticking as close to Jake as long as possible, no matter the cost. Jake wasn’t blind to the fact that he had also entirely altered her Path and future, and in retrospect, he should probably have cut her off a long time ago if he didn’t plan on allowing her to stick with him going forward.

Not that Jake would have cut her off or planned to not allow her to stay around, and he tended not to be a fan of dwelling on the past. In fact, doing so was pretty darn antithetical to his Path.

Jake headed off to the teleportation circle with a shrunk Sandy on his shoulder - after they ate the dietitian and the approved food - and as they said their goodbyes, Jake saw the disappointment on both the women's faces as they had probably hoped he would stick around a bit longer.

He would definitely return even before the Prima Guardian to check in on things, but for now, he had quite a few places he wanted to visit once back on Earth… including a mountain with a certain wyvern he very much wanted payback on. Who knows, maybe it was even time to take a step for mankind and do a little moon trip…




***
Chapter 898: An All New Haven


***






Jake hadn’t been back to his own universe for over three years, and if he was being perfectly honest, he wasn’t looking forward to what Haven had become during his absence. He was afraid it had changed more than he liked, and he especially feared learning what had happened with his good old lodge. He was pretty sure Miranda or someone else had taken care of it during his absence to make sure it wasn’t too horrible, but what if they had turned it into a tourist destination or something? Fuck, maybe someone had constructed a viewing deck overlooking it!

He could totally see that happening, especially with Miranda gone for Nevermore herself. Actually… who was even in charge of Haven right now? Lillian and Miranda were usually the ones doing everything, but neither of them were there. Maybe Hank? Jake sure as hell hoped it wasn’t just some random person who Arthur put in charge.

These were just some of the thoughts Jake had as he went through the void. The only change he knew of for sure was the teleportation circle back in Haven allowing him to teleport back there directly. Those snakes in Scarlett’s former territory had improved their special magic circle significantly to the level where Jake could easily teleport to most regular teleportation circles back on Earth. From how Jake understood it, it was a bit like a phone forwarding a call, with the call, in this case, being someone teleporting through the void with a shrunk-down cosmic worm on his shoulder.

A few seconds after stepping on the teleporter back in the Order, Jake was back on Earth, the void treating him nicely this time around, with no eldritch beings wanting a chat during his travel. He was actually a bit surprised to see how Sandy wasn’t at all affected by the warping space, despite using space magic on themselves, but he wasn’t going to question how any of that worked.

”Home sweet home!” Sandy said with glee as they appeared within the large basement complex beneath Jake’s lodge. Through his sphere, he naturally saw it all, including that nothing had really changed down there. Honestly, seeing it made him feel kind of bad when he remembered all the work Hank had gone through to make it, only for Jake to never really use the place.

The facilities are still pretty good, though… considering I just need a cauldron to do alchemy, I should stay here more, Jake reckoned. Plus, there were some actual benefits to doing alchemy there due to the Pylon of Civilization – an often forgotten aspect of how cities on Earth now worked. It was also a bit more private, with no one able to contact him as easily.

Looking at the Pylon Jake owned, he saw it was still there, though it had changed slightly as expected. It had grown denser with more energy as Jake and especially Miranda had grown in power. Standing there, he also felt the slight increase in mana regeneration he benefitted from within the borders of the Pylon. There was also that minor increase in experience earned for non-combat activities. However, Jake didn’t even think that worked anymore. It was just an early incentive to make people seek out cities outside of the safety they offered.

Shaking his head, Jake smiled at Sandy’s expression of being happy to be home. ”Good to be back, indeed.”

Making his way up to the lodge, he felt quite nostalgic. Especially when he entered the lodge itself. Everything looked as the day he left, even the bed Jake had dragged from the Tutorial Challenge Dungeon way back in the day. The rest of the furniture was also mostly the same that he had dragged with him back then.

”Looking cozy,” Sandy said, wiggling a bit around. ”Not much to eat around here, though… except for that tree outside.”

”It’s not a tree,” Jake quickly corrected the worm.

”It looks like a tree.”

”But it’s not.”

”If it looks like a tree, smells like a tree, and sounds like a tree, it’s a tree,” Sandy insisted.

”You literally don’t have eyes,” Jake pointed out.

”And yet I can see it’s a tree,” Sandy said in a disappointed tone. ”Look, I can test if it also tastes like a tree, and-”

”I’m going to give you a full lesson about the difference between a musa and a tree if you keep this up,” Jake threatened.

”Oh, it’s a musa? You should have just said that from the beginning!” Sandy quickly stopped arguing as the two of them walked outside to the clearing. Going down the steps from the porch, Jake took in the sights as everything here also looked very much the same. The trees had maybe grown a little, and the grass was definitely due for mowing, but besides that, things were serene, with no tourists anywhere to be seen. No viewing decks overlooking the valley either.

Jake purposefully held himself back from using a Pulse of Perception to allow him to take in everything a bit at a time. Looking at the banana musa, Jake went over to it for a quick inspection. There were a few bananas growing on it, and the magic circle Mystie had placed a long time ago was gone with time. Size-wise, the musa was pretty much the same as it had been the last time he saw it, though he did feel that it had grown at least a little.

He considered the manure he had received and if he should use it right away but stopped himself, as it was definitely better to have someone with gardener skills to do it for improved effect. However, he did do something incredibly smart.

Taking out all of the bags, he placed them not far from the musa. That way, they would serve as visual reminders whenever he was there so he wouldn’t forget!

”That soil stinks,” Sandy commented. ”Wait… it’s not soil, is it? Did you really just take out literal bags of poo?”

”It’s called manure and is a very common aspect of farming,” Jake defended the bags that he could see come off as disgus-

”Can I have a little taste, pretty please?” the worm asked in a pleading tone while wiggling.

Jake looked at the worm for a moment before shaking his head.” Sorry, it’s for the musa, maybe if there are some leftovers, but that will depend on who I find to help spread it and what they say.”

”Fine… Tom would have let me have some…”

Ignoring Sandy entirely, Jake went over to the small pond and waterfall as he felt something within it. Looking down into the water, he saw a lot of small eels swimming around, making him smile at how serene it all seemed… until he used Identify on one of them.

Yeah, that’s a D-grade, Jake quickly confirmed. Actually… nearly all of them were D-grades. Looking down at them, he saw a few stare back up at him. He stood there for a few moments before just turning around, shaking his head.

They didn’t seem aggressive in the slightest, and using his sphere, he saw an underwater tunnel lead down deep into the ground from the pond, likely connecting to the underworld of the planet. No need to complain about a bunch of nice eels guarding his little pond.

If you spot this story on Amazon, know that it has been stolen. Report the violation.

Jake checked out the exterior of the lodge a bit more before he decided it was time to head out into Haven proper. But, before that…

”Hey, Sandy, do you have a good stealth skill? I want to go explore a bit without attracting the attention of half the planet,” Jake asked the cosmic worm.

”Eh… kind of? It’s not really a stealth skill, but I can disappear,” Sandy answered as the worm wiggled a bit before suddenly popping out of existence. Yet, as Jake felt a bit deeper, he felt as if something was still there…

Before he could understand what Sandy did, the worm popped back into existence. ”I can just enter Sandy’s Sand World and hide there while putting an anchor on you, and don’t worry, I can still feel and smell stuff while in there!”

”Do I want to know what Sandy’s Sand World is?” Jake questioned.

”According to people who claim to know a lot about space stuff, it’s apparently what subspace is called or something like that… or was it what I called something called subspace? Either way, it’s like space but different. Gotta be there to understand it,” Sandy non-explained, yet Jake got the gist of it.

”Well, it works, so go hide in the sand, and let’s explore,” Jake said as the worm did as he asked, and they left Jake’s lodge after Jake engaged his stealth skill. On the way out, he did notice the addition of more magical barriers to keep people out and to stop them from peeping, so that was nice to see. The old sign telling people to keep out also remained.

Walking outside, Jake made his way into the city proper… and was more than pleasantly surprised at how little things had changed. Haven had always been a small quaint place with tree houses, and wooden structures spread relatively sparsely around the foresty city. None of that had changed, and the natural vibe fully remained.

The areas with a few more buildings – such as a small street for shopping – were buzzing with activity as Jake walked through the non-paved roads of Haven. Looking toward some of the larger buildings, Jake saw even more activity in those, especially the building that had served as the home of Miranda for the longest time. It was more of a large office rather than a home, and since Jake’s last visit, it had expanded both into the ground and onto nearby trees as a few satellite buildings were constructed.

When it came to the people, all that had really changed were the average levels. People had gotten stronger, especially those who lived in Haven. It had been considered a city for the elites for a long time, and that showed as Jake spotted more than a few C-grades, with most average folk in D-grade. Of course, there were also those weaker, such as the family members of the strong people who settled there or the original residents of Haven. As far as Jake knew, it wasn’t as if you got thrown out if you had a low level or anything like that.

Considering so many had left for Nevermore, the number of C-grades was honestly impressive, and based on all the statistics Jake had heard about how strong people from newly initiated planets usually became, Jake got the feeling Earth was well ahead of the curve.

Overall, the vibe of Haven was as great as usual, with there not even being an expanded population, which genuinely did surprise him a bit considering all the people that had come to Earth due to his little Chosen ceremony. There was also the fact that an influx of people would have come once they all learned Jake was the Chosen… but it appeared like Miranda had handled everything incredibly well.

Walking around a bit more in Haven, Jake just took everything in before he decided it was time to check out the other part of what many called Haven but that Jake usually called the Fort. He had definitely expected that to expand quite a bit… but Jake really wasn’t prepared for what he saw when he flew up over the treeline and looked in the direction of the Fort, or at least where he assumed what had once been the Fort still was, somewhere in the middle of the massive bloody metropolis that had shot up.

Jake took a moment as he wondered if he had really gone to the right place… but on a closer look, he did spot the dome that was Arnold’s workshop. It was a bit off to the side and had a cleared area all around it, but it was still effectively surrounded by buildings and not the small stone buildings Jake had gotten used to.

When he called it a metropolis, he wasn’t just talking about size but also representation. High rises that looked straight out of huge cities pre-system shot up by the dozens, making a respectable skyline. Many of them even surpassed the heights possible before the system, with a lot of the architecture physically impossible if not for the system.

Looking below the highrises, Jake saw apartment buildings and well-paved streets everywhere, but there was also stuff like flight lanes. It was far from as advanced as the world Temlat had come from within the Nevermore Challenge Dungeon, but it was clear what had once been the Fort was developing fast into a proper megacity.

Luckily Jake did see that a strip of plains had been designated as a no-build zone between the Fort and Haven itself, keeping the two of them pretty separate. Even so, the city was at a size that went beyond Jake’s wildest imagination.

The large plains that had once been there to make the Fort a better defensive position had served as premium space for the real estate market to expand into. Outside of the large city center, suburbs could even be found, and while Jake didn’t want to be a peeper, he saw more than his fair share of fully inhabited family homes.

There was still a tent camp, too, but what had once been one of the biggest areas of the Fort was now just a small district at most.

”It’s gotten pretty big, huh?” Sandy said, apparently still able to talk to him from within Sandy’s Sand World.

Jake just nodded as he kept looking out at the city. How in the actual fuck all this could be built in three years was beyond him. One thing was for sure, he had seriously underestimated the capabilities of builders and architects. He also had to consider that people had come representing major factions, and some of them maybe had some valuable skills to help. Oh yeah, and the high-grade teachers who would be projected even from other universes to help teach the Earthlings.

Glancing around, he spotted more than a few notable buildings, including one he partly recognized, though it was now a few times larger than the last time Jake was there. A massive cathedral had been constructed near the city center, with a large garden in front, taking up quite a lot of space. The entire building looked overly fancy. When he looked a bit closer, he saw it had a total of twelve towers, with each building having a statue at the top. Statues Jake quickly recognized as representations of a certain twelve gods.

That’s…

Finally, Jake decided to use a Pulse of Perception to get a proper look at things, focusing specifically on the cathedral. Instantly, he saw why the hell it was so large because even with its massive size, it was filled to the brim. However, he also spotted two things that sent a shiver down his spine.

The first one could be seen when Jake narrowed his eyes and barely looked through one of the windows as he spotted a person on a podium within the cathedral. It was a recognizable figure that instantly gave him flashbacks to the worst parts of the Chosen Ceremony… Felix, the sculptor.

[Human – lvl 286 – Divine Blessing of the Eternal Servant]

Ignoring how the fuck the man leveled so fast, it looked like he had changed career tracks a bit, as he now looked more like a priest or a preacher. However, this part of what he saw wasn’t what was truly nightmare-inducing… no, it was what was behind him.

Center-stage in the entire cathedral was a certain statue. One that made Jake seriously consider ”accidentally” shooting an arrow at the building. But, he feared that not even he would be able to easily break the monstrosity that was the mythical rarity statue Felix had so proudly presented to Jake. It was the True Vision of the Malefic Viper’s Chosen, and for some fucking reason, people were staring at it with reverence.

Yeah, I’m never going to visit that place, Jake swore to himself. The only times he would ever go there was to extract the Vision’s Venom, and that was luckily only every ten years.

Shifting his attention elsewhere, Jake took in the many sights of the city. It pretty much had anything one would expect of a metropolis, including some form of floating train. If Jake had to give an estimate, he would definitely put the population in the double-digit millions, if not even more than that. By now, this had to be the largest city on Earth, if not at least very close.

After looking around a bit more, he decided to find someone he could actually talk to who could tell him a bit more about what had been going on over the last few years. Scouting a bit, he found the building that Miranda used to use when managing big-city stuff while at the Fort, though it had now been remodeled into a highrise, so it really wasn’t the same building anymore at all.

Anyhow, Jake used his Pulse to search through the building until he found someone near the top within an office larger than the others, so he assumed this person had to be one of the ones in charge. Plus, when he got closer, Jake actually felt a bit surprised as he felt an aura that wasn’t even all that weak.

”We should totally prank the guy,” Sandy interjected as they were just outside the building.

”Not sure what that would accomplish,” Jake muttered. ”Outside of making him less willing to talk.”

”So pranking time it is!”




***
Chapter 899: The Dark Ones And He Who Knows


***






Holstred frowned as he read over the report in front of him. They would have to increase security personnel in certain districts if this development continued. Dissidence had been growing over the last few years, ever since he and the other slaves arrived. The natives had mostly been welcoming, but some weren’t huge fans, especially of those who weren’t humans.

When Ms. Wells was still on Earth, she kept everyone in check, but now that she had gone to Nevermore, a lot of annoying people had come out of the woodwork. Arthur was doing his best, and he had quelled much of the dissatisfaction on a more global scale, but in this city, his influence had little sway. This was a problem, as this was also the most multi-cultural and multi-racial city on the entire planet, as the majority of those brought to Earth from elsewhere chose to settle down here.

This had led to a lot of crime. Holstred wanted to say that the former slaves were innocent in this entire matter, but there was a lot of tension there, hidden under the surface. A lingering fear of the future and of what it would bring. Many of the freed slaves also weren’t sure what to do with themselves after finding themselves on an entirely new planet, making them lash out.

And then there was perhaps the biggest issue… Earth had many factions, some of which had been the ones gifting the slaves to the Chosen of the Malefic Viper. Seeing a merchant proudly wearing the emblems of the same faction that once slaughtered your family, ruined your home planet, and then enslaved and sold you off could be triggering, to say the least.

All of this is to say that sometimes when one has a melting pot, some of the individual ingredients have a problem properly mixing. Especially given how short a time it had been. After a few decades, Holstred believed many of these cultural issues would naturally fade, but for now, they had to deal with the current situation at hand before it got worse.

While outright murders were rare, they did happen. With the system, everyone now had power, and there was a big disparity between individuals. Those more powerful could easily kill anyone who bothered them with little effort, which could be a recipe for disaster. Most would control themselves, but sometimes emotions got too high, or someone truly vile decided to ignore the laws to take another life.

Holstred was the man Ms. Wells had entrusted to help uphold the law of Haven. A responsibility he had taken on him with pride, and he had more than willingly sworn a Knight’s Oath toward the woman, offering his unquestionable loyalty. Despite it effectively making her his master, It was far different than the forced servitude of a slave contract. It was his choice, and should she step onto a path deemed too evil, the oath would cease to be.

He was the former Knight Commander on his own planet before they lost the war and he was enslaved, so he did have some experience in leadership. While he hadn’t established any knight order, he had been put in charge of what Ms. Wells called a security force. With her, and many of the other top brass, absent, he had taken on even more work than simply security.

And he personally cared a lot about the security of Haven. His wife and child both lived in the city, and he wanted it to be the safest environment it could possibly be. Compared to many other areas of the multiverse, it was surely already considered very safe… but Holstred still wasn’t satisfied, as he began to consider an action plan to address some of the on-the-surface non-violent organizations against certain races or people that had begun to appear. Many of them were suspected of backing or inciting actual violence behind the scenes, but without proof, moving against them would only lead to more problems…

As Holstred was deep in thought, a magic token vibrated on the table before a voice appeared:

“Sir, he’s here again… more insistent than usual…” the voice of the woman on the other end said in an exhausted tone.

Holstred instantly knew who she was talking about as he answered. “Alright, alright, just send him up.”

Maybe this would be good for him. A brief respite from actual important matters. Because the man who was about to come was as far from important as he could possibly be.

Less than thirty seconds passed before the door to his office opened, and a man walked in with slightly disheveled hair. Once he saw Holstred, he smiled. “Honored knight! Hard at work, as always! Truly a respectable figure, even if you are surrounded by dark influences, you remain a light within the darkness fighting off evil!”

“Hello Greg, what can I do for you today?” Holstred asked, knowing what was about to come.

“I ask myself what can be done every single day, but before we ask what we can do, we need to understand what needs to be done, and for that to happen, we need to understand our situation and the world at large!” Greg said, more or less going on the same spiel as usual.

Holstred just leaned back as the man took the chance and summoned a whiteboard filled to the brim with… stuff.

“You remember where we left off last time, right?”

“Sure,” Holstred just said, honestly not at all remembering the ramblings of the madman.

“Good! I knew you were reasonable… anyway, as I said last, I believe I have finally cracked the code regarding the name Haven and the hidden meanings behind the Dome of Secrets, but that is not what is important right now. No, it’s related to the news of the Chosen of the Dark Ones.”

“To make sure, the Chosen of the Malefic One is still someone who has experienced the integration thousands of times before and is using his knowledge of all his prior lives to excel?” Holstred asked, hiding his amusement as best he could.

“Well, his status as a regressor is unquestionable, and his quest to force through what he considers an ideal future is as clear as day. But, no, this has to do with these so-called Leaderboards… or as they should be rightfully called, the Board of Leaders.”

This could be amusing, Holstred nodded, trying to look serious.

“Think about it. This is their hidden list of members of the Dark Ones. Even the name is a clue… Nevermore. It’s telling them they are to “never more” speak of the Board of Leaders they now belong to. Or are you truly trying to say it’s a coincidence so many influential people are put on the same list like that? Preposterous!” Greg spoke with a level of certainty and confidence in his voice that Holstred could only find admirable.

It was good that Greg was ultimately harmless and more of a fun distraction. Somehow, the man had become convinced Holstred was someone who could be trusted, in part because he was a slave before and secondly because he had been a Knight Commander. Greg somehow had a skill that gave him a general sense as to what kind of Path others walked down, and knowing Holstred was a knight apparently meant he was a man of honor who could be be trusted in the fight against the Dark Ones.

The narrative has been stolen; if detected on Amazon, report the infringement.

The man continued his lengthy rant about the secret leaders of the multiverse, the former Knight Commander nodding along almost automatically. About half an hour later, Greg’s fervor finally died down as he took a deep breath, which also signified that Holstred should at least listen to his final words.

“So, do you see why we need to be extra cautious of any lines in magic circles longer than three and a half centimeters?” he finished off.

“I do indeed, and I will be on the lookout,” Holstred agreed in his usual serious tone.

“It’s good to have allies fighting the good fight with me,” Greg smiled as he took away the whiteboard. “I shall return and continue my… my…”

Greg stared with wide eyes as he seemed to stare past Holstred. Holstred was confused and looked over his shoulder but saw nothing there. When he turned back to Greg, he saw the man already running towards a window.

“No! You shall never catch me alive!” Greg yelled loudly as he jumped through one of the windows, phasing right through it using magic as he took flight, breaking quite a few air traffic rules in the process.

Holstred stared for a moment before he shook his head. “I hope he gets the help he needs.”

Jake stood a bit confused behind the guy in the chair that the man named Greg had referred to as a knight. Sandy had tried to convince him to do some prank that included separating the entire space of the office from the rest of the world, but Jake had decided to just make a sneaky entrance. One where he would appear behind the man, taking him by complete surprise like some ninja in the night.

However, before he could pull that off, Greg entered. Jake wondered what the guy was about and thought it would be fine to surprise two people at once… but once the guy started talking, Jake kind of forgot all about his plans. The words of Greg were just too… interesting.

It was like watching a trainwreck live. The entire thing only got more amusing when Jake fully realized he was the center of this entire conspiracy. Apparently, he had quite a few secret identities, hidden powers, and was a super mastermind villain beyond comprehension by mortal minds. Which made sense, as Jake was actually a god – or at least had been a god at some point – according to Greg’s very credible theories.

When the guy finished, Jake was even a bit sad. But… then, out of nowhere, the guy called Greg suddenly looked straight at Jake before screaming and jumping out the damn window before flying away, leaving Jake still standing there invisible as the knight muttered with hopes of Greg improving.

The confusion was very brief, though, as Jake instantly knew who was responsible. “Sandy… what did you do?”

“Wha!? Me! Who says I did anything?” the cosmic worm said in the most guilty tone Jake had ever heard. “Sheesh, what could I even have done? Revealed we were standing here all along and told the guy the Dark Ones are always watching and that the truth is more dangerous than he could possibly imagine? No, I would definitely never do that, ever. But if I did, it would be because a certain someone didn’t want to do a fun prank, so I had to improvise.”

Jake stood there momentarily before sighing and walking around the table toward the door. Jake opened it - his stealth skill, making sure the knight didn’t even notice – and went to the other side before dispelling his stealth skill.

“Killjoy,” Sandy sent, as they realized Jake wasn’t even going to play their original prank anymore.

“Enough pranking for one day; I need this guy to actually give me some useful information and not be scared shitless or view me as some deranged lunatic, making him actually believe the words of that madman,” Jake shot back.

“Jake Thayne, Killer of All Joys.”

Ignoring the cosmic worm, Jake raised his hand and knocked on the door. On the other side, he saw the knight look up with a frown as he spoke up.

“Who goes there?”

Jake could explain himself but decided to just open the door as he walked in. The knight looked at Jake for a second before his eyes opened wide in realization. Scrambling, the man practically jumped over the table and knelt down in front of Jake, his head way too close to the ground.

“This lowly one greets the Chosen of the Malefic One,” he said in a tone that had far more fear than any other emotion in it. This probably shouldn’t have taken him by surprise, but it honestly did.

He knew Miranda had wanted to foster a view of Jake that was less negative than most initially adopted. That he was more of a protector of Earth who didn’t get directly involved in matters and wasn’t a symbol of fear, but one of stability and multiversal might in that no one would dare attack a planet owned by the Chosen of the Malefic Viper.

Clearly, that hadn’t worked super well. His reputation – or, more accurately, the reputation of the Malefic Viper – was just not that good. At least not good if Jake didn’t want to be treated as someone who would kill others just for looking at him wrong.

“No need to kneel,” Jake said, trying to sound casual and relaxed. “In fact, you’re just making this needlessly uncomfortable for both of us, so please, stand.”

Jake saw the man hesitate as the fear of refusing an order from the Chosen seemed to win out over his fear of what would happen if he stopped kneeling. The knight stood up with slow movements, as he still didn’t dare look away from the floor.

“What’s your name?” Jake tried to get any kind of conversation going.

“I am known as Holstred, honored Chosen.”

“Just call me Lord Thayne,” Jake shook his head. He wanted to ask the guy to just call him Jake, but that had literally never worked in any situations like this before, so he just defaulted to what he, more often than not, ended up settling on anyway.

“I… very well, Lord Thayne,” the guy answered, being quite receptive.

“Thank you,” Jake said with a bit of relief that he didn’t need a minute-long conversation to convince the guy to not call him some overly long or overly respectful title. “Now, I take it you work for Miranda?”

“That is correct, Lord Thayne. I am one of your former slaves who was employed by Ms. Wells to help with security within the city, with my responsibilities recently expanding due to her temporary absence,” Holstred gave a surprisingly detailed answer.

“I see, so I assume you are aware of matters on the planet? I wish to learn the current status of Earth after my return to Earth and how things have developed in my absence,” Jake said.

“This… I am aware of current matters, but surely there are those more qualified-“

“No, you’ll do,” Jake said with a smile as he went around the table and sat behind it. “Now, take a seat and get me up to speed.”

Holstred seemed to realize there was no reason to fight it as he nodded. “If that is what Lord Thayne requests, then very well.”

The man sat down and, despite his nervousness, began to go over everything that had happened on Earth over the last three years or so, including many things Jake doubted he could have learned from anyone who wasn’t a former slave brought to the planet.

About ten minutes in, Sandy got bored as the cosmic worm decided to just take off to who-knows-where, saying they’ll be back later. Jake was only a tiny bit worried about what the giant space worm would be up to, but he didn’t really want to invest any mental energy in worrying too much as he had a lot of information to take in regarding the political climate of Earth and Haven in particular.

Besides, it was limited how much trouble Sandy could get into within such a short time, right?

Sandy and politics were two things that just didn’t mix. The Big Boss Hydra had tried to make Sandy learn about politics, but Sandy didn’t care. Neither did Sandy care super much about Earth, though they did want to go back and visit the dunes where they grew up. While Sandy had been effectively disowned for no longer being a Sand Worm, they knew this had mainly happened to give Sandy a good reason to leave and explore the rest of the multiverse with Jake.

And there sure were a lot of things to explore! And eat.

Mainly eat.

One place Sandy had quickly identified was worth exploring was a certain place in the big city. It had taken a while, as the tasties were hidden well… but Sandy had found them. Now, the only problem was just how to sneak into that big metal dome thing without getting discovered, making Jake mad, and potentially getting snack privileges taken away by reporting Sandy to the Big Boss Hydra…




***
Chapter 900: Science Worm & Rolling With Rick


***






”You got stuck?” Jake asked.

“I got stuck,” Sandy confirmed.

“Really stuck?”

“If I didn’t want to break anything and make people mad kind of stuck.”

“So really stuck,” Jake sighed while staring at Sandy, now back at full size, lying on what looked like a giant mattress. Meanwhile, Arnold was busy operating some control panel as what looked like lasers shot over Sandy’s thick skin here and there. Jake felt quite a few more devices at work, too, ninety percent of which he had no idea how even worked.

“In my defense, he cheated,” Sandy protected themselves.

“You entered my workshop without permission and triggered the automatic defenses, then proceeded to escape those, forcing me to step in personally,” Arnold said, not even looking up from the screen.

“You still cheated.”

“I only disrupted your application of personal spacial shrinkage, forcing you to expand within a limited space while jamming that frequency of space magic.”

“And how is that not cheating?” Sandy kept complaining, wiggling a bit in annoyance, earning a glance from Arnold before the worm went completely still again so the scientist could continue his measurements. The big worm was practically on a massive scanner due to their crimes against Arnold.

From what Jake gathered, Sandy had smelled delicious stuff in Arnold’s workshop, which, fair enough, there definitely was a lot of. Many of the treasures he cultivated also had powerful space mana within, especially the ones involved in projects he had going while in Nevermore. This naturally attracted the senses of a certain worm, who could detect these treasures despite all the defensive measures Arnold had deployed.

If Arnold hadn’t been at home, Sandy would likely – no, definitely – have succeeded in wrecking the entire workshop by eating most of the power sources, thus ruining all ongoing projects. However, with Arnold there, he had deployed countermeasures that forced Sandy back to their full size, which was a problem when stuck within a heavily fortified tunnel. Together with a space-magic jammer of sorts, Sandy had been stuck unless the worm released a lot of power to forcibly break free. Sandy totally could have done that and gotten away easily, but they would have broken things for sure in the process.

So, instead of breaking free, Sandy deployed the strategy of negotiation. At least, that’s what Sandy said. In reality, Jake highly suspected this entire arrangement was Arnold’s idea. Sandy was undoubtedly an interesting creature, and Arnold seemed more than interested in researching the big space worm’s abilities.

“Do you feel this?” Arnold asked as Jake felt some odd wave of energy move over Sandy.

“Not really. Like, I felt it kind of, but not very much,” the worm responded. “Hey, by the way, how did you even find me? Like… I was super hidden I’m pretty sure, prepared to do a quick hit-and-run. Get in, get out, a quick second or two, but boom, you were there right away.”

Arnold didn’t even seem to listen to what Sandy said after the worm responded regarding the odd energy, making Jake take over.

“Sandy, he is quite literally blessed by a Void God known as the All-Seeing. I’m pretty sure he’s good at spotting people, even if they’re super hidden,” Jake said with a smirk.

“Bah. Don’t tell me he is also one of those weirdoes with a lot of Perception?” Sandy complained.

“Pretty sure he is,” Jake smiled.

“I am,” Arnold confirmed. “Now, tell me what kind of response this invokes.”

A blast of energy struck Sandy in the side but seemed to disperse all throughout their skin, as if the impact was spread out evenly, resulting in no real effect. Jake watched on with interest as Arnold nodded while Sandy answered.

“Nah, that didn’t hurt me either,” Sandy said in a happy tone.

“I see, I see,” Arnold said as he pressed a button. When he did, Jake saw a drone fly into the room, carrying what looked like a large slab of metal. Sandy gleefully opened their mouth, sucking it in, drone and everything.

“Yummy!” the worm said happily. “More of that later!”

Jake threw Arnold a glance as the man explained. “A piece of metal extracted from deep beneath the ground in a C-grade territory. So far, it has little purpose except its energy-richness and ability to handle certain affinities well. I fused a large amount of it into the slab and found no further use of it anymore.”

“I thought Sandy was doing this as an apology?”

“Bit of both!” Sandy said. “It’s only fair if I have to sit here for a while that I’m at least fed in the meantime!”

“I see,” Jake nodded before asking Arnold. “What are you using Sandy to research anyway?”

“Sub-space travel.”

“Sandy’s Sand World travel,” the giant worm corrected.

Ignoring the worm, Jake continued asking. “What even is this sub-space thing? Some other dimension or layer of space?”

Jake considered how his own stealth skill worked and how that made him shift on the spectrum of Perception. This wasn’t really the same, but Jake did know there were degrees to space and how stable or unstable it could be, as well as the presence of spatial layers.

”Rather than call it a different dimension or space, it’s more accurate to say it interacts with another layer beneath stable space, contrary to all other spatial layers that are stacked on top of stable space. It changes the fundamental rules dictating the laws of time, distance, and speed by modifying them with a new conceptual factor that I call the sub-space affinity,” Arnold explained. “This affinity is heavily connected to, but not to be confused with the regular space affinity. It’s instead something relatively unique I’ve found only some creatures or objects possess. It appears to have little to no active combat applications but is suited solely for travel over long distances without relying on teleportation.”

“Isn’t teleportation traveling through this sub-space?” Jake wondered.

“No,” Arnold shook his head. “Teleportation is far more simplistic. It’s merely shifting an entity’s coordinates in space to an already-known location. To teleport, one must know where they’re going, or at the very least have a strong general idea, for example, to teleport a set distance in a direction. Sub-space travel is far different, and also a lot more sustainable for long-distance travel. It’s also a requirement for exploration of unknown space, as teleporting there simply carries too much risk.”

Jake listened and nodded as he had another thought… did his Wings of the Malefic Viper escape skill make him enter this sub-space thing? It stripped away nearly all other concepts by corroding them, including space, so if it melted all layers away, maybe it left only this sub-space? At least it was possible that was how it worked. Definitely something to experiment with.

“So, how long do you think this research project will take?” Jake asked as he saw Arnold walk over with what looked like an overly large camera as he took a few pictures of Sandy.

This content has been misappropriated from Royal Road; report any instances of this story if found elsewhere.

“I do not know; there is simply too much to explore,” the scientist said. “Before this, I used spacecrafts with special material and magic circles, allowing it to enter subspace through the consumption of vast amounts of energy, but this… this Cosmic Genesis Worm is like a being born to live within sub-space. It’s simply awe-inspiring that such a creature can exist.”

“Well, Sandy belonging in Sandy’s Sand World only makes sense, duh,” the worm said smugly. “And I am awe-inspiring, aren’t I?”

“Sure you are,” Jake shook his head. “Anyway, are you fine with staying here for a while, Sandy?”

“That depends…”

“Throughout the last three years of Nevermore, vast amounts of resources have been collected,” Arnold added.

“You heard the man! Why would I leave a nice buffet and a comfy bed?”

Jake just smiled and, after talking with the two of them a bit more, left the workshop for Arnold to continue to use Sandy for his experiments while Sandy happily lived the life of a living trash container for all the valuable material Arnold had stocked up but no longer needed. He did wonder why the dietitian hadn’t been spat out, but oh well, he wasn’t going to babysit a giant space worm and their eating habits.

He decided to take a bit of a trip around the city of Haven. Yes, it was a bit confusing that the metropolis once known as the Fort and the nice forest town were both called Haven, but what could Jake do about it. It wasn’t like changing the name was easy either, as the system interface for cities called it all Haven.

Going back slightly, his talk with Holstred had been very enlightening, even if it had been cut a bit short, as he got a message from Arnold that he had caught Sandy, and Sandy tried to play it off by saying Jake had told the damn worm to break in.

Either way, he and Holstred went over the most important parts. Earth was facing problems for sure, and the integration of the freed slaves would take some time, but honestly… things were way fucker better than he had feared.

Jake had half-expected to hear about some civil war having taken place or at least a purge of some kind. However, things had been pretty damn peaceful, even if there were still issues. It was clear Miranda had done a banger job, and done much to help integrate the former slaves to make them feel part of Earth.

That’s also why Jake decided not to get involved in any of it.

Could he perhaps stand up and make some grand declaration telling everyone to play nice? Maybe, but he wasn’t sure it would lead to genuine change. Jake also had to recognize that he was an idiot when it came to things like this. No, it was definitely better to not make any rash decisions but, at the very least, wait for Miranda to return. If she told him to do something, he would more than gladly step up and help, but doing so behind her back could easily fuck up things far more than it would help.

Walking around the city with his stealth skill active a bit longer, Jake kept being impressed by how much things had developed. It was all incredibly similar to a pre-system city, but the touch of magic could also be seen everywhere. People bought stuff and instantly put it in their spatial bags or other such items. There were flight lanes above the usual streets, and the stores made ample use of different forms of magic to better show off products while defending their valuable stuff with barriers.

It’s hard to imagine this was empty plains overrun by angry cows just a few years ago, Jake sighed to himself. The world was still changing at a rapid pace, no doubt about it.

Leaving the city, Jake returned to the “real” Haven. With Sandy preoccupied, Jake had a certain place he wanted to visit before he would take a bit of a solo journey.

Walking through a rocky tunnel, he felt the dense life mana from the cavern below. The walls were lined with shining moss and a few mushrooms here and there, all of them of high quality. He even spotted a few rare mushrooms.

Continuing, he soon reached his destination. A multi-colored cavern, filled with plants and life, appeared before him, with a hole in the middle of it all. In the hole, one could find a metal disc leading to the dungeon known as the Undergrowth.

Few creatures lived in the cavern... but Jake instantly spotted a slightly familiar-looking figure. He said slightly familiar… because while he recognized the patterns on its skin, the troll certainly hadn’t been that big the last time he saw it.

[Undergrowth Cave Troll – lvl 112]

The troll that was still smaller than the troll in the dungeon had been was busy weeding as far as Jake could see. It hadn’t noticed Jake, as he still had his stealth skill active, allowing him to silently just admire its work. Going a bit deeper into the cavern he soon saw the one he had been looking for: Rick.

Jake instantly knew he had evolved, even if his size hadn’t changed in the slightest. His entire body had turned a slightly green color, with moss growing all over his back, something that didn’t seem to bother him at all.

Currently, Rick was busy tending to a large blue plant that towered above any of the others. It looked a bit like a tulip, and Jake could feel it was a valuable herb. Using Identity, he did confirm it was an ancient rarity natural treasure, and definitely one Rick had spent a lot of time cultivating.

Something Rick’s new race had definitely helped with.

[Troll Grove Keeper – lvl 227]

Jake decided to no longer sneak around as he revealed himself not far from Rick. The troll instantly noticed his presence and turned around as he smiled and waved.

“Hey Rick,” Jake said, smiling back. “It’s been a while, huh? How are things going?”

Rick gave Jake a thumbs up as he spread his arms to show off the cavern. Jake nodded, agreeing that it had become impressive. The cavern had even been expanded a bit, likely by the trolls themselves, to make more space for all their plants and flowers.

“Seems like things are indeed going well,” Jake nodded proudly. He didn’t get further as he heard the thundering steps of running trolls from behind him. Jake had, of course, already seen them coming and turned around with a smile to see two large Undergrowth Cave Trolls tower over him.

“You’re all grown up,” Jake said to two of them as one of them started clapping while the other reached out to poke him.

Rick roared lowly, stopping the troll from poking while looking a bit embarrassed. The troll in question then looked around before plucking a big flower and offering it to Jake, who gladly accepted the apology. Seeing the three trolls really brought a strong sense of nostalgia, as he definitely didn’t regret getting them out of the dungeon.

Jake decided to stay with the trolls a bit as he allowed Rick to show him around the large garden. While none of the trolls spoke, they did make sounds, and especially Rick was clearly intelligent. As for why they didn’t speak, Jake had no idea. Maybe they just didn’t ever have anyone to talk to and didn’t need to learn?

While being shown around, Rick also made it clear he and his two kids sometimes went deeper into the ground through the tunnels. Using a Pulse, Jake saw a network of tunnels expand downwards near-endlessly, much akin to the termite hive Jake had explored, except this expansion was entirely natural.

From the sounds of it and the shiny rocks Rick showed off, it became clear the three trolls pretty often delved deep to obtain natural resources and fight. Even if they were all working as troll gardeners, they were still combat-focused creatures who needed a bit of club-swinging once in a while.

After he and the trolls had chilled for a bit, Jake finally got down to business. “Hey, Rick, can you help me with a little something? I got some manure for the banana musa above, and I’m confident you would be better at using it than me.”

Rick didn’t even need to think as he nodded, and together, the two of them headed up to his lodge. When they got there, Rick instantly inspected the bags and the musa, with it pretty fast becoming clear to Jake this wasn’t the troll’s first time seeing the banana plant. He had probably been the one to take care of it during all the time Jake wasn’t there.

Jake also noticed how, despite Rick’s large size, he never left any footprints when he walked. He didn’t float above the ground either; it was more like the grass he stood on was somehow able to hold all his weight. Not to say he was light… he just definitely had some skill to not trample down any plants he stood on.

With interest, Jake watched Rick at work as the troll unpacked the bags and began to mix the manure with the soil around the musa while infusing it with energy. He even saw the troll make a sound before Rick spat a pretty damn big blob of spit on the mixture that instantly seeped into it.

Don’t question, just trust the professional, Jake told himself as he kept watching.

It didn’t take more than half an hour for Rick to finish, making sure to use all the manure – something Sandy would definitely be disappointed with. Once everything was done, Jake could practically feel the banana musa suck in energy from the soil all around it. One had to remember that the original soil it grew in had been brought there by Jake when he stole the banana plant from that ancient temple thing from the time monkey way back in the day.

“Thanks for your hard work,” Jake said, Rick just waving him off as he gave a double thumbs up.

“Will you help keep watch over it and make sure everything goes as it should?”

Rick naturally nodded in reassurance, making Jake feel pretty good about what the banana musa could grow into. Right now, it was an ancient rarity musa, but if he could get it to legendary rarity, that would be pretty cool.

“It’s been fun hanging out, but I think I’ll have to head off now,” Jake said. Rick didn’t seem disappointed but just nodded as he reached out a hand. Jake took it as they briefly shook hands. Still smiling, said his goodbyes as he headed off, while Rick also went back to his grove cavern.

It was good seeing the trolls, for sure, and it had been a fun reunion. Now, he planned on heading toward Skyggen to at least hang out there for a while until Sandy was done getting experimented on by Arnold. On the way, he did plan on having one more reunion…

Though he doubted the frost wyvern would be as happy to see him as the trolls had.




***
Chapter 901: Blood On The Ice


***






Jake’s first time traveling to Skyggen had taken quite a few days of constant travel. After the Ell’Hakan incident, he made the trip again a lot faster. Now that he had reached well into mid-tier C-grade, he was practically zooming across the landscape, the entire trip only taking a few hours at most, and that was partly due to Jake checking things out on his way.

Of course, Jake didn’t count his one planned stop in the travel time. The giant mountain was still among the largest Jake had seen on Earth, towering extremely far into the sky, so far that it easily entered the layers of the sky C-grades could occupy. One had to remember that C-grades and even D-grades, to some extent, were still restricted from entering the area designated as human lands. Jake was pretty damn certain this restriction would disappear with the arrival of the Prima Guardian, but for now, it was still in place.

Flying up the mountain, Jake rapidly felt the temperature drop. When he was there last, it was already cold as hell, but now it was even worse. While it maybe wasn’t quite needed yet, Jake covered his body in a faint layer of arcane mana to defend himself from the environment.

If it was this cold when I was here last, I wouldn’t even have made it to the wyvern, Jake mentally noted.

Continuing upwards, elementals began to appear in great numbers. None of them were strong enough to pose any kind of threat, but he still Identified them.

[Ice Elemental – lvl 264]

[Snow Elemental – lvl 259]

Now, this did pose the great question of what the difference between a snow and an ice elemental was, outside of their difference in appearance. The snow elementals looked like badly built snowmen more than anything, while the ice elementals were partly see-through and a lot more angular. In fact, the main difference between the two was that one looked spiky and hard, while the other one looked round and soft.

Ignoring them just as they ignored Jake, he soon was close to the peak of the mountain. Jake was looking forward to seeing if the wyvern was still there and had purposefully held back on using Pulse to not spoil himself, but when he got closer and heard sounds of fighting, he couldn’t help himself.

What he saw was a battle in the sky above the peak, with the expected wyvern in the midst of it. Jake had expected it to maybe be fighting ice elementals or monsters, which was why the opponents surprised him. It was a large group of humans, forty people in total. What’s more, he saw many of them use a kind of familiar magic he hadn’t seen since Yalsten, making him quickly realize who they were. They weren’t humans but vampires.

Members of the Noboru clan? Jake quickly assumed. He knew the Sword Saint had the divine artifact of Sanguine given after the defeat of the Monarch of Blood, allowing him to turn others into vampires using it. He knew that some had chosen this Path, and from the looks of it, they were doing pretty well for themselves.

Jake kept watch as he decided to activate his stealth skill to get closer without them noticing him. Flying into the air, he soon saw the fight that was honestly quite intense. Concentrated blue beams of frost shot through the sky as layers upon layers of magic barriers tried to block the attacks. At the same time, over a dozen vampires attacked the wyvern from all sides, five of them carrying large chains as they tried to immobilize the wyvern.

Using Identify, he first focused on the wyvern.

[Northpeak Wyvern – lvl 271 – Greater Blessing of the Everfrost Dragon God]

Back when Jake first encountered the wyvern, it hadn’t quite been in mid-tier C-grade yet, while now it most-certainly was. It had definitely grown significantly stronger, and it had even snagged itself a Blessing. Or maybe it always had the Blessing; he really had no way of knowing as his Identify didn’t allow him to see Blessings back then.

As for the vampires, Jake was also quite impressed when he saw their levels after just checking out a few.

[Vampire – lvl 255]

[Vampire – lvl 259]

[Vampire – lvl 253]

All of them were between level 250 and 260, as far as he could tell. This did raise some questions of how the hell they had leveled so fast without Nevermore… or, wait, had they leveled without Nevermore? Jake was one of the first people to enter in this generation and also one of the first to go out as far as he knew, but maybe it was possible they had gone anyway? If not for their entire allotted time, but just some of it.

Either way, they were all pretty damn strong, as he saw them fight the wyvern. Individually, none of them stood a chance, but fighting against forty opponents could be very difficult, especially for larger creatures who had more surface area to protect. For Jake, fighting more people wasn’t as big of a problem as someone like the wyvern.

Not to say that the vampires were winning, as Jake really couldn’t tell who had the edge. After a minute or so of back and forth, he believed there was a turning of the tides when the wyvern unleashed its breath, hitting a party of five that had tried to flank it.

The five of them were blasted back as healers and mages moved to help them. Jake was about to shake his head, as he assumed they must have taken too serious damage to continue fighting, but to his surprise, the five of them had come out of it with only severe frostbite and one of them losing an arm.

Vampires have high resistance to frost magic by default, Jake suddenly remembered. They were weak to fire while more resistant to frost magic. Of course, as stereotypes would dictate, the sun affinity was also incredibly powerful against them. It wasn’t as if they got weaker while in natural sunlight, but they did get stronger when there was no sun at all due to some passive skills from their race. This also resulted in their high resistance to all forms of frost magic.

The vampires had chosen their prey well from a matchup perspective. They were resistant to the wyvern’s attacks, while their primarily blood magic and physical attacks worked fine against the budding dragon.

Jake seriously considered what to do as he observed the battle continue. He had come to this mountain to have a reunion with the Northpeak Wyvern, but it was already preoccupied. Jake also didn’t want to just barge in and interrupt that fight, as that was just rude. After thinking for a while, Jake just lifted his legs and sat with his legs crossed in mid-air as he decided to watch how the battle would unfold and then talk with the eventual winner. Not to attack them or anything, as that would also be boring, but just to talk as he was curious about both parties.

Focusing on the battle, it was clear the vampires had great coordination. With forty of them total, they had enough members to fill every role, with several healers and mages focusing solely on defense. A few mages also worked their offensive magic, and Jake even saw an archer in the group, along with two people wielding what looked like rifles.

The attacks rained down on the wyvern, few of them doing any damage as a layer of frost covered the large flying creature’s body. Its eyes were glowing blue as it repeatedly unleashed magic, making the ground itself tremble as ice spikes shot up from below.

If you discover this narrative on Amazon, be aware that it has been stolen. Please report the violation.

Choosing to have the entire battle in the air was an interesting decision by both parties. It allowed the vampires to attack from all sides, including below, while the wyvern got more space to dodge and unleash its magic. It was also clear that the wyvern had better maneuverability and experience fighting in the air compared to all the vampires.

Jake had his eyes on one party within the vampire raid team more than any other. It was led by a middle-aged man wielding an axe and a shield, while his party members broke the holy trinity entirely by being two women and two men who wielded different light weapons, including shortswords and daggers, with no healer or ranged attackers in sight.

These five were an absolute menace and stood for the vast majority of the damage done. The leader was the highest-leveled person in the entire raid, and he proved that by repeatedly blocking the claws of the wyvern and creating openings for his party members to attack, as they left several lacerations on the wyvern, cutting through the ice and drawing blood.

From afar, Jake heard the man also yell several things, though it made little sense to him. He just yelled out numbers and what Jake assumed to be code words that all the other raid members reacted to, and-

Oops, the first death.

A mage had been too slow to react, as the wyvern dodged out of the way of a blow and, with a beat of its wing, sent a slicing blue wind toward him, cutting him in two with a web of cutting cold winds following, freezing and turning his body into thirty or so frozen icecubes.

Despite the death, the raid group didn’t lose their cool, and a warrior even managed to use the opening to plunge a spear into the other wing of the wyvern. The five with chains also made their move but were rebuffed as the wyvern blasted away the raid leader.

A rogue who believed she hadn’t been spotted tried to attack using the perceived opening as the wyvern snapped its head around and chomped down. It ate the woman whole, and a second later, an explosion of blood erupted within the wyvern’s mouth, as she seemed to have blown herself up.

Her death explosion allowed the warriors with chains to finally get their chance as the wyvern’s feet were wrapped up, disrupting the flight of the wyvern. Right as it was clear the wyvern was temporarily halted, a ritual spell was unleashed as eight mages combined their power, making a curtain of red light descend from above.

This curtain cut through the sky, the wyvern unable to dodge as it was struck, a massive flesh wound getting inflicted on its side, nearly cutting off one of its wings and going more than two meters into its mid-section, clearly doing a lot of internal damage.

“Good attack,” Jake muttered to himself. “But they should have gone for the head.”

The wyvern exploded with power as it roared loudly, releasing a freezing wave of energy that pushed all the melee fighters away. With its maws open, energy gathered as it unleashed a breath. A proper one this time around. The one Jake had been hit with back then had just been a casual one, and so were the earlier ones in this fight… but this breath was made with the clear intent to kill.

For a second, the world flashed a whitish blue as the breath destroyed all the barriers that tried to block it and hit the eight mages who had cast the ritual spell. They didn’t even have a chance to fight back as their bodies froze and were blasted apart, as no amount of natural vampiric frost resistance was going to save them from this one.

Yelling loudly, the raid leader unleashed a large attack himself, as his party members also unleashed a coordinated assault, but the wyvern’s entire body was practically burning with power as they were all blasted away.

A blue wind began to revolve around the creature as a blizzard appeared in the sky, enveloping all the vampires. Without any warning, the wyvern flew to the side to flank the group, going for the backline.

“Good decision to try and split the group to ruin their coordination,” Jake approved.

The only reason the vampire raid could even hold on was due to their numerical advantage and teamwork, so if the wyvern could address that, this fight would turn into a one-sided slaughter. The vampire side also clearly knew this, as they moved to group up and take a defensive position, as the wyvern was clearly consuming a lot of mana with the summoned blizzard.

A barrage of large ice shards fell upon the grouped-up vampires as the wyvern flew over them. The harsh, cold winds of the blizzard also bore down on the vampires, who quickly summoned a large red barrier around them all to ward off attacks.

Interestingly enough, the barrier did not seem to block out blood magic at all, as the archer shot arrows made of blood toward the wyvern, with the two gun-wielding vampires also going fully on the offensive. While their attacks didn’t do much damage, the three of them targeted one of the wyvern’s wings, ripping holes in the thin flesh between the arms and body.

The mages who weren’t focused on the barrier also tried to attack, as Jake saw faint cracks begin to form on the barrier from the constant attacks of the wyvern. However, before it broke, the vampires made their move again. Over a dozen warriors were buffed up by some of the healers as they flew out, leaving reddish afterimages, all going for the wyvern at once.

Two of them were cut apart by cold winds before they even reached the creature, while a third was ripped in four by a claw. A fourth managed to stab the wyvern before his head was bitten off, while the remaining eight all landed their own attacks.

Several large cuts lined the wyvern as two warriors went together and wrapped a chain around the wyvern’s neck. The creature struggled as it did its best to shake off the eight warriors who were upon it while also dealing with range attacks and making sure those in the barrier of blood couldn’t relax.

The situation was looking bleak for the wyvern, as Jake saw a faint smile on the raid leader’s face, as the man still stood within the barrier, seemingly channeling some kind of buffing skill to those around him. The wyvern began tumbling toward the ground as another chain was wrapped around its wings, disrupting its flight.

As it tumbled toward the ground, it fell past the barrier of blood hiding all the less durable fighters… which was when the wyvern’s eyes suddenly opened wide. Jake felt the mana in the air spike to unprecedented levels as from deep within the wyvern, he felt energy well up as it was all unleashed.

For a moment, the world turned white. Pure cold washed over everyone, including Jake who was quite a distance away, as even the mountain below was hit. When the light faded, Jake saw eight frozen statues falling down, as the barrier of blood had been torn open, deep freezing ten of the vampires within, while the rest didn’t look that good either.

Jake saw the raid leader make a quick decision as he took out an item and crushed it. A sphere surrounded the leader and all the remaining vampires as Jake felt space magic at work, and in a flash, the surviving vampires were whisked away as they made their retreat.

“A good decision,” Jake commented, as it was pretty sure the wyvern had won this fight. He couldn’t exactly blame them either, as he closely inspected the tired wyvern. “Damn, it already has a budding dragon’s heart.”

Dragons were known for their hearts, which were pretty much unrivaled organs when it came to magic. This wyvern had a budding dragon’s heart in that it had mutated slightly to more closely resemble one – a pretty common occurrence for wyverns with the potential to become dragons and likely even a required prerequisite for the evolution.

The white flash was the Northpeak Wyvern unleashing all the mana stored in the heart in one devastating attack. It had definitely been saving that one for a crucial moment.

Jake kept watching as the tired wyvern quickly flew down and caught all the falling statues of frozen vampires. With telekinesis, it carried them back toward the cave atop the mountain; Jake very curious about what it was doing with the bodies… wait…

“Not dead yet?” Jake muttered. The vampires were frozen solid, with even their souls frozen as far as Jake could tell, but they weren’t fully dead.

Flying closer, Jake wondered what the wyvern was planning to do with the frozen vampires as he decided to check out the cave. However, when he reached the cave, he saw that a set of powerful magic barriers protected it, and while his stealth skill was good, he wasn’t confident in getting through them without alerting the wyvern to his presence… so he stopped hiding as he dispelled his stealth skill and forced himself through the barrier.

Instantly, he felt the attention of the wyvern on him, but it didn’t make any moves. It just stayed deep within the cave as Jake heard its voice echo throughout.

“A mantis stalking a cicada is unaware of an oriole behind… have you come to finish me in my weakened state?”

Yeah, Jake wasn’t entirely certain what the hell that cicada thing was about, and he didn’t even know what an oriole was, but he made an educated guess the wyvern was shit-talking him for sitting back and waiting for his chance to strike.

“Relax,” Jake said in a loud tone. “I’m just here for our reunion.”

“Reunion?” the wyvern said, clearly confused, having likely fully expected Jake to be there with the intent to finish it off. This also explained the wyvern’s strategic position to blast the one opening to its main cavern with a breath the second Jake showed up, leaving him with no space to dodge.

“You really don’t remember me,” Jake said, more to himself than the wyvern. “Guess I’ll have to remind you and have a civil discussion about how rude it is to just blast people away with a breath when they come to talk.”




***
Chapter 902: Prima Preparations & Northpeak Wyvern


***






”It was far more powerful than our initial assessments. I believe it possesses a Nascent Dragon’s Heart, too, which is what ultimately led to our defeat,” the middle-aged vampire said in a serious tone as he reported to the raid organizer. “We may need to reconsider our approach or reach out for assistance.”

“I see,” the organizer said as she wrote in her report. “Did you get any indication of the beast’s inclinations for the upcoming event?”

“Nothing concrete, but what little interaction we did have made it clear the wyvern is incredibly arrogant. I have a hard time seeing it submit even to a far more powerful being, and with its aggressive nature… I believe leaving it be is far too risky.”

“Very well,” the organizer said with a nod. “I will refer it to the upper brass. Now go to your team… I reckon they need you right now.”

“Thank you,” the middle-aged vampire said as he stood up. “But... once more, I must warn you. The wyvern is far more powerful than we believed, so make sure not to just send anyone to be slaughtered.”

“It’s fine; if worst comes to worst, the Patriarch has returned from Nevermore,” the organizer said with a smile, making the vampire’s eyes open wide at hearing his grandfather had returned.

“In that case, I can go rest with a peaceful mind,” the vampire said as he left to rejoin what remained of his failed raid party. Losing so many people was a horrible experience… but it had to be done, even though he regretted the outcome.

Preparation for the Prima Guardian’s arrival was already well underway, with the World Council having made a strategy plan. Based on the knowledge provided in the original system message regarding the event, it was clear that beasts who had consumed system-provided natural treasures had to either sit out the event or join the Prima’s side.

Additionally, It was theorized that when the Prima Guardian event truly began, all protections of human lands would be lifted. Putting these together, it had been decided to address certain known powerful monsters living close to where humans lived, while actively exploring the unknown zones of the planet.

One of the most powerful examples of a known powerful beast was the Northpeak Wyvern. It lived in between Skyggen, Haven, and two other smaller cities, all so close that the wyvern could reach them in a very short time if it decided to attack. To leave it unaddressed would be the same as leaving an enemy behind your own frontlines.

Originally, the vampires hadn’t even gone to fight the wyvern but to try and reach some kind of compromise. Perhaps have the wyvern sign a system-bound contract making the wyvern agree not to fight for the Prima Guardian during the system event.

However, they hadn’t even gotten that far before the beast attacked them, forcing the vampire squad to switch to plan B: simply killing it.

It was something they wanted to avoid when possible, but the Northpeak Wyvern had left them little choice. Plus, based on reports, this wyvern was incredibly aggressive toward anyone who entered its domain. It would kill without even asking any questions, so even if it wasn’t going to ally with the Prima, getting rid of it was probably for the best, as keeping such a dangerous beast that couldn’t even be talked to was simply too risky, especially with its domain being so close to human settlements, and its high level of power.

Sadly, it seemed that even with their high assessment of the wyvern, they had underestimated it. His party had been one of the elite teams that hunted down these known high-level monsters, so they had genuinely believed it was a done deal and that there were few monsters they couldn’t handle, at least on the ground. The Sky Whale was leading the assault on the underwater creatures to ensure there wouldn’t be an invasion from the depths during the arrival of the Prima.

As with many others, the vampires all had gone to Nevermore but not stayed the full fifty years. They were all fully aware they were not competing for any kind of Leaderboard position, so they had only gone there for the leveling and stayed a couple of decades until they exhausted most of their potential after evolving to C-grade.

The middle-aged vampire had returned not even a month ago and had already disappointed himself and the family immensely. Alas, with the return of the Patriarch, they hopefully no longer had to hold any fear of these powerful creatures hidden across the planet.

Especially when one considered that his return would also mean the return of all those who had competed in the Leaderboards alongside him. With all those elite members of Earth, he had a bright view of the future and foresaw a less-than-bright future for the wyvern.

Jake walked through the icy cave but remained unbothered as he channeled arcane mana through his veins and protected himself with an outer layer of arcane energy. He saw the wyvern ahead of him within its cavern, in prime position to launch a breath at the entrance. Seeing this, Jake had already made a resolution.

If it dares attack, I kill it.

No arguments or discussions. Jake wanted to talk, sure, but he did say he wanted to remind it of how rude it was to use its breath on people without warning. If, even with this warning and the wyvern’s wounded state, it still decided to attack, Jake would rule this particular beast a lost cause.

Luckily for the wyvern, it didn’t attack even as Jake reached the entrance to the large frosty cavern. Instead, it just raised its head and looked at him with wary eyes, seemingly considering if maybe it should attack.

Jake just stood still as he observed the wyvern for a moment. It was pretty large, about nine meters in length, which, in retrospect, probably wasn’t that large. Or maybe it was; Jake’s only comparison was the Viper back in the day, and he knew sizes between wyverns, dragons, and pretty much all kinds of beasts could vary significantly.

Upon closer inspection, Jake also noticed that the wyvern’s injuries weren’t actually that bad. Sure, they weren’t great, but the frost wyvern seemed to have a lot of Vitality based on how it was already healing. Likely assisted by some passive skill, allowing it to heal faster in a cold environment like this.

What was clear, though, was that it had spent a lot of energy. The half-baked dragon’s heart in its chest had been entirely emptied of gas and would take a while to fully recover. Which made Jake wonder why it had unleashed all of the mana at once into one attack. Did it have to? Or was it to ensure the vampires became the living popsicles they currently were.

Off to the side of the cavern, he had already spotted all the frozen vampires, with the wyvern throwing glances toward them as if afraid Jake was going to try and rob it of its loot.

“So, you really don’t remember me?” Jake finally asked after a bit.

“You do perhaps smell faintly familiar, but no, I do not remember any creature such as you,” the wyvern said in a cautious tone.

Stolen from its original source, this story is not meant to be on Amazon; report any sightings.

“Oh, so you know how to speak normally?” Jake said, a bit surprised. What the wyvern had done before was more or less mana-speak, if one can call it that. It was sound produced solely through magic, not any physical movement of vocal cords or anything like that.

“What do you want?” the wyvern asked, not bothering with Jake’s question or any kind of politeness.

“I told you already, I want to teach you about hospitality,” Jake said with a smile. “The last time I came here, I did so with genuine curiosity. You see, this was my first time encountering a wyvern in the wild. Imagine my dismay when said wyvern proceeded to unleash a breath on me before I could even introduce myself, blasting me off the mountain. You really don’t remember that or who I am?”

The wyvern was silent for a moment before speaking. “… do you have the slightest idea how little that narrows it down?”

“Wow,” Jake exclaimed. Was… was this frost wyvern just an asshole? So far, all information pointed to the answer yes. “So you just attack anyone who comes here for no good reason?”

“No reason?” the wyvern huffed. “For an inferior creature to invade my domain is more than enough reason!”

“Inferior creature, huh,” Jake said, his smile entirely fading, and instead of using words, he answered with actions as he fully unleashed his aura upon the cavern, even going so far as to use Pride of the Malefic Viper a bit.

Instantly, the wyvern reacted as it opened its mouth, seemingly to release a breath, but at the very last moment, it stopped itself as its eyes opened wide. It had felt Jake’s killing intent the second it showed any indication of an attack, making the wyvern wisely hesitate.

“The only inferior creature I’m seeing here is you,” Jake said as he stared down the wyvern. “And not just because you’re a wanna-be dragon. You’re also a fucking idiot.”

Jake’s words were harsh and insulting, yet the wyvern did nothing but close its mouth as it lowered its head before the pressure.

“Do you have any idea about humans or the enlightened races in general?” Jake asked, making the wyvern hesitate. “Of course, you fucking don’t. Because if you did, you wouldn’t have decided to kill a group that clearly came here and sought you out specifically. Much less flee back to this lair as if nothing happened afterward.”

Based on the weapons that the raid party carried – and the fact they had shown up with a raid party in the first place – it was apparent to Jake that they had come here with the express purpose of hunting down the wyvern. Or at least to be able to fight it should negotations go south.

Seeing as they were also from the Sword Saint’s clan and failed their raid, it also wasn’t hard to see what would come next. They would send an even stronger party… or the old man himself. Even if the wyvern was pretty strong, even for its level, it wasn’t peak-tier genius. Jake reckoned he could have killed this wyvern even if he was a lot lower level than he was now, and the Sword Saint would also be able to slay it without any issues whatsoever.

In some ways, this realization was a bit disappointing, though it would also be kind of weird if some peak-genius wyvern appeared on a random mountain on Earth. The mere fact a wyvern with the potential to evolve into a dragon was born there in the first place was already pretty damn impressive in its own right.

“Answer me, what do you think is going to happen now with that group of vampires who came to kill you?” Jake asked the wyvern.

It was silent for a moment before answering. “They will have learned to not attack my domain again… or report to their kin and come back with a stronger group for me to overcome.”

“Let’s assume it’s the second one – because it’s definitely the second one – what do you plan on doing when that happens? Keel over and die?”

“I shall defeat the-“

“Wrong,” Jake cut the wyvern off. “You die. If not with the next attack, the one after. The enlightened races operate like that. If you kill one member of their faction, they will keep coming back until they wipe you out, and the people who attacked you belong to a faction where I’m aware of at least one person who could easily kill you if he so desired.”

“Do you belong to their faction?” the wyvern asked with a hint of nervousness, making Jake believe he was finally getting through to the dense lizard.

“No,” Jake shook his head. “Not directly.”

The wyvern was silent for a while before Jake sighed. “Seriously, you have a Greater Blessing and yet you are this clueless?”

“My Patron has never interacted with me outside of our first meeting…”

“Well, that sucks for you,” Jake muttered. “Could have at least told you to not stay in the same place if you piss off people you shouldn’t. Makes you a sitting duck.”

“I must remain here,” the wyvern said with a tone of certainty.

“Even if it means your death?” Jake questioned with a raised eyebrow.

“Leaving would be the end of my ambition,” the beast said, once more not leaving anything up for interpretation. This made Jake frown a bit, but he soon realized something.

Jake had walked a lot on the mountain, and while his boots had certainly made him aware of natural treasures, Jake honestly filtered away the feeling most of the time when on stuff like mountains. All the random metals inside the rock registered, which wasn’t particularly interesting. He did pick up when a potent piece of metal entered his radar, but that had not appeared on this mountain.

However, now that he checked again, he did notice something peculiar. While there wasn’t any particular piece of ore that registered as particularly valuable… there sure as hell was a lot of it. As in, the entire mountaintop was one big piece of metal with a thin layer of rock covering it, with a shitload of ice and snow stacked on top.

With this in mind, Jake quickly reached a conclusion: “You need this mountaintop to progress as you absorb the energies here?”

“Yes,” the wyvern confirmed.

Jake also reached another conclusion as he scanned the room and found quite a few skeletons of different beasts encased in ice. “And you feed the mountain itself living creatures you capture in ice?”

The wyvern remained silent to that question, pretty much confirming that as a yes. It did also help that Jake faintly felt energy being drained out of the frozen vampires stashed off to the side of the cavern. With his sphere, he also saw what looked like the body of a large vulture hidden under some snow, having died recently from the looks of it.

“You plan on feeding those vampires to the mountain too?” Jake continued questioning the wyvern, even though it was mostly rhetorical in nature.

Despite it taking a moment, the wyvern slowly confirmed. “I need it for the cold energy to keep increasing.”

Jake now also knew why the mountaintop had gotten so much colder since his last visit. The wyvern was the direct cause. From what Jake quickly gathered, the metal around them was rather unique in that it wasn’t just cold; it also actively absorbed all heat energy others expelled. Freezing people would keep them still, and they would passively fight back against the cold energy until they ran out of energy and died, giving plenty of nourishment to the metal.

“I’m not saying that’s necessarily wrong of you, but capturing any enlightened like this isn’t going to end well for you,” Jake sighed. “With that in mind, release them.”

“What?” the wyvern exclaimed. “I thought they were not part of your tribe?”

“I’m not part of theirs, but that doesn’t mean they’re not part of mine,” Jake said, shaking his head. “They live within my domain, after all.”

“How can they live in your domain if-“

“You seem to misunderstand,” Jake cut off the wyvern with a smile. “You are also living within my domain. Everyone and everything on this planet is.”

His words seemed to insult the wyvern, but with his aura bearing down on it, it didn’t say anything as Jake continued. “Now, I’ll give you an easy choice. Release those vampires and stop messing around with the enlightened species. Additionally, if people come here, don’t just fucking attack them, but kindly ask them to leave if you really don’t want them here. You can do that… or I’ll kill you right here, right now. To make the decision easier for yourself, do me a favor and contact that Patron of yours.”

“My Patron will not be plea-“

“Just tell him the Chosen of the Malefic Viper demanded it of you,” Jake sighed.

It took the wyvern a lot longer than Jake thought it should before the wyvern finally reached out. Jake knew that anyone blessed could reach out at all times to their Patrons, though more often than not, they were just ignored or filtered out passively. He did hope that the Everfrost Dragon God would respond, though, as that would make things a lot simpler.

More than a dozen seconds passed as Jake saw the wyvern clearly preoccupied mentally. He saw its lizard face frown and change a lot during this time, probably partly due to dealing with a direct divine message and partly because of the nature of the message.

After what felt like half a minute, the wyvern finally looked at Jake, lowered its head to the ground, and spoke. “This lowly one begs for forgiveness and swears fealty to the Chosen of the Malefic One.”

Jake stared at the wyvern that had an entirely changed demeanor as he sighed internally.

… maybe I should have just gone with telling the wyvern to get divine customer support from the beginning, huh?




***
Chapter 903: Results Of (Un)Intentional Assistance


***






Flexing status was always a great way to get a message across, but it only ever worked when the other party knew who you were. In all honesty, Jake had been surprised the wyvern didn’t recognize him even after being blessed. It wasn’t that he expected every single god to tell those they blessed about him… but wouldn’t it make sense to at least mention the Malefic Viper if you bless a wyvern living not even a day’s flight from the home base of his Chosen?

Well, it definitely would; there had just been one problem:

The wyvern was a hermit.

As in, it knew literally nobody. It didn’t know anything about the planet it was on or what was going on whatsoever, either. It had lived in its own little bubble, killing anything that dared try and approach it. It didn’t even know about Nevermore. As Jake listened, he also realized that the damn dragon god that blessed the wyvern was partly to blame.

That asshole dragon had told the wyvern to just dominate its own domain and keep absorbing energy there. They only ever had one meeting, where all the talks were about making optimal use of the unique mountaintop.

However, now the beast definitely seemed to realize who he was as Jake saw the wyvern get what he assumed was a less funny Villy-style round of exposition. The beast kept its head low throughout, seemingly wanting to bury it in the snowy floor of the cavern every time the wyvern spoke its apologies, trying to excuse its own ignorance while groveling to Jake with promises.

“I had a severe lapse of judgment and can only wish to beg for forgiveness and make up for my transgressions through any form of assistance I can possibly provide,” the wyvern said, definitely reading from a provided script.

Jake just stood back as he let the poor wyvern get a talking-to. When he thought about it more, Jake kind of understood why the wyvern had acted like it did. Earth was a pretty fucked up planet for it to be born on, and he was sure that in many other places, the wyvern would have been fine acting as it did. It would be the kind of creature the enlightened on the planet called a Beast King or something, and the mountain deemed a forbidden zone.

The problem for the wyvern was that Jake knew at least a dozen people who could kill the wyvern if they so desired, and when more people returned from Nevermore, it would be even more. Shit, based on the people he saw in Haven, he was confident a forty-man raid party could be gathered there capable of taking down the wyvern, not even to mention if Skyggen got involved and sent a group of high-level assassins recently returned from Nevermore. Jake’s brother alone could quickly kill the wyvern.

So… while the wyvern had indeed been a dick, it had acted pretty natural if this had been a normal planet, and as long as it was willing to correct its ways, Jake wasn’t going to unilaterally kill it. Besides, with its level, it wouldn’t even give him any experience.

Before the wyvern could begin to practically beg again, Jake decided to let it escape from limbo as he spoke.

“Stop. You now seem to realize where your little mountain is located and why your actions up till now have been rather unwise?”

“Yes, Lord Chosen,” the wyvern nodded enthusiastically. “My own foolishness and ignorance-“

“It’s fine, as long as you know and will change your ways,” Jake interrupted. “I can’t have a wyvern living here causing trouble for people wanting to just pass by.”

“I swear that I shall never attack another of the enlightened races again,” the wyvern readily agreed.

“No need to go that far,” Jake waved it off. “Just don’t kill people randomly. If they attack you, go for it, but if they are just passing by or want to speak, don’t automatically attack.”

Looking over at the frozen vampires and the burrowed dead vulture, he continued. “When it comes to feeding this mountain, I would advise you to stick with beasts, especially those around your own level of power. You will dilute the quality if you aim for quantity. Needless to say, those vampires also aren’t going to stay here.”

“Na- naturally,” the wyvern said as its eyes glowed for a moment. Instantly, the ice started to melt, releasing them from their icy imprisonment. As they quickly thawed, one thing also became pretty clear.

They heard everything… which means they were fully awake and aware despite being frozen. Pretty fucking scary way to die if I say so myself, Jake thought as he saw the clarity in all their eyes, with a few of them even looking with reverence and gratitude toward him.

Jake waited patiently as he even saw the wyvern remove some of the cold energy from around the vampires, allowing them to unfreeze faster while not letting the cold bother them as much. It didn’t take long before the first one was fully free, and he didn’t wait to bow, despite it looking pretty damn painful as his clothes and even skin cracked in places.

“We thank the Chosen of the Malefic One for his assistance,” the vampire said, with the others following suit once unfrozen.

“The old man would have been mad at me if I just left you all here. Now get out of here; I’ll handle the rest,” Jake smiled as he saw the look of confusion on their faces before they realized who the old man Jake was talking about was. At least they weren’t offended, as they just thanked him once more before they left, supporting each other on the way. They didn’t even address anything with the wyvern, seemingly trusting Jake to handle this issue without their input. He had kind of expected some calls for revenge, at the very least. Not that Jake would have helped them with that. If they wanted to kill the wyvern they could go home, heal, and then come back for a rematch once they were stronger.

With the vampires gone, Jake returned his attention to the wyvern that had kept its head lowered, not even daring to look up. Sighing, Jake really wasn’t sure what to do about the big lizard. He could literally see it shaking, and it definitely wasn’t from the cold. Alas, he had already decided he wasn’t going to give it more anxiety.

“I believe this concludes our business,” Jake said, seeing a look of surprise on the wyvern’s face, as, despite the entire conversation they just had, it definitely assumed he still wanted some kind of personal revenge. Which, to be fair, Jake originally had. The damn lizard had blasted him off a mountain, after all.

However, taking everything into account, he really wasn’t in the mood. He also had to admit to himself part of his reluctance was because he was dealing with a wyvern. No, not just a wyvern, the first wyvern he had seen in the wild. Killing it just for some slight born of ignorance would also make Jake feel like he was bullying a teenager or something.

“Truly?” the wyvern asked, though it was clear it was also this Everfrost Dragon God behind the words.

“Truly… though I do have one thing I will demand as compensation,” Jake said after thinking a bit.

“Anything,” the wyvern insisted.

“What did you evolve from? I do not believe you were simply born a wyvern, so what were you before?”

This was something Jake was genuinely curious about. Mainly knowing if this wyvern had also once been a snake, or if it had become a wyvern from something else.

“The Chosen wants to know what creature I was born as?” the wyvern asked with a hint of confusion.

“Precisely. Just take it as fulfilling my personal curiosity,” Jake said. “Tell me how you became what you are today. The story of your life, if you will.”

The wyvern was silent for a moment before it spoke. “I was born as a creature called an iguana. I had lived on this mountain all of my life, simply surviving in the harsh environment. Back then, this was no snow-covered peak, even if it was cold at times. Then, the initiation of the system arrived and everything changed. Day after day, the mountain grew taller as the world expanded beneath me. We all turned feral, killing each other and fighting for this odd energy far more sating than any food.”

Jake listened along as the wyvern told its story. It was interesting to hear the perspective of a beast and how they experienced the integration compared to humans. The entire thing was definitely a lot rougher than getting Tutorials. Unless you were thrown into a Tutorial like Jake’s, that is.

“I grew stronger and increased in size, fighting off all others at this peak. Some were also forced out when the temperature dropped too much, seeking further down the mountain. Yet I stayed until one day, we were all drawn to this cavern. We fought, and I killed all of my kin before I finally consumed that which had brought me here. It was an odd plant, and after consuming it, the cold began to be a source of nourishment, not something to overcome. I do not know specifically why, but when I evolved to C-grade, I became a wyvern, and it was only then that I truly received a true self and realization of what I am.”

The entire story wasn’t overly long, and it did feel like the wyvern was almost talking about someone else. Which it kind of did, considering the final sentence. The wyvern didn’t have any true sapience before it became a wyvern but had acted solely on instinct.

“And how did you obtain the budding dragon’s heart?” Jake followed up. “A skill offering at some point?”

“Yes,” the wyvern confirmed. “I selected it, and it warped my heart into what it is today. I am also fully aware that I need to upgrade it once more to have any chance of becoming a true dragon in B-grade.”

“I see, I see,” Jake nodded. Yeah, that tracked. Based on all he read, if the wyvern failed to get the heart upgraded, it could become a quasi-dragon only in B-grade. Having heard the story, Jake looked toward the cavern exit. “This has been enlightening. I shall not bother you anymore than this, and thank you for sharing your life story. I hope this experience has allowed you to wise up, and I look forward to seeing if Earth will one day birth a true dragon.”

“Once more, I thank the Chosen for his magnanimity,” the wyvern bowed its head. “I shall ensure to not cause you or anyone in your domain further trouble.”

Jake just waved the wyvern off as he walked out of the cavern before he felt a minor shift that made him glance back and use one final Identify, which put a wry smile on his face.

[Northpeak Wyvern – lvl 271 – Divine Blessing of the Everfrost Dragon God]

I came here to scold the lizard and ended up getting it a free Blessing upgrade instead, Jake admonished himself jokingly as he made his way out of the cavern. His little pit stop for the wyvern hadn’t turned out how he’d expected, but it had been rather eventful.

Turning to the horizon, he looked toward Skyggen as he decided to continue his journey back to his family.

Thunder echoed in the skies as blue bolts descended upon the land, giving birth to elementals or simply killing anything they hit. These bolts carried the power to slay even S-grades easily, resulting in all but the most foolish or powerful avoiding clouds like these.

Below, the bare ground was filled with scorch marks and corpses, yet in the midst of everything, two figures were fighting, as the rocky terrain that had been molded and empowered by the onslaught of lightning for millions of years was torn up with every clash.

One figure was a tall man, swinging a battleaxe as he attempted to catch his opponent, a winged woman with more muscles than the warrior. She fought using her bare fists, deflecting the weapon of her opponent as blue lightning enveloped both of them, sending out shockwaves with every clash.

Their fight continued for several minutes until the man suddenly appeared distracted. A fist struck him in the face, blowing off his entire head as he stumbled back before it rapidly regenerated.

“A cheap shot,” the man said with a scowl as he used his horns to crack his neck.

“Not my fault you got distracted,” the woman said with a smile as she looked toward the newcomer who had been the cause of the distraction. A suit-wearing devil had appeared, carrying a light smile on his face.

“Duchess, Duke, I apologize for interrupting your past time, but his majesty requires your presence at the castle,” the man said.

“We heading to war with the Fifth Hell again?” the duchess asked.

“No, you moron, it’s related to Nevermore, isn’t it?” the duke scoffed.

“Indeed it is so,” the suit-wearing devil confirmed to the two other devils.

“Has the princeling returned?” the duke asked with a frown.

“Oh, did the kid take the top spot?” the duchess asked. “If not, I don’t see why we should bother being there.”

“No, he got third, just behind the Chosen of Yip of Yore and the Chosen of the Malefic Viper, who took second and first, respectively,” the suited devil answered. “The Chosen of the Malefic Viper also took the top spot on the All-Time Leaderboards.”

“Impressive,” the duke commented. “But I still fail to realize why his majesty demands our return.”

“It’s related to the Chosen of the Malefic Viper. It would be easier to simply see it rather than me wasting my time explaining everything,” the suited devil said mysteriously as he raised an eyebrow. “Besides, does his majesty need a reason to recall you?”

The duke and duchess gave each other a look, both knowing that opposing the Devil King of the Fourth Hell wasn’t a wise choice. With that in mind, they followed the third devil back to the castle nestled in the middle of the realm known as the Fourth Hell.

There, a massive mountain stood. Thunderclouds encircled the mountain in several layers, and unless one was welcomed, even gods would find it difficult to make their way through unscathed. Atop this mountain was the castle of the Fourth Devil King and the leader of the Fourth Circle of Hell.

Arriving at the castle, the three devils made their way into a throne room that was already filled with other devils and high-ranking mortals who had been allowed there. All these mortals were kneeling under the pressure of the many divine beings, yet one remained standing in the center, speaking to the devil sitting on the throne.

The Devil King stopped speaking as he saw the duke, duchess, and suited devil arrive as he addressed them. “Good. All are here.”

“We greet his majesty,” the three of them bowed, yet the duke couldn’t help but throw glances at the mortal still standing. His aura felt familiar, yet foreign, and there was something odd mixed in there…

The Devil King simply nodded as he returned his attention to the mortal. “Now, continue.”

“Yes, father,” the mortal said, making the duke and the two other devils realize this was the Cerulean Demon – also known as the Prince of the Fourth Hell. “During the gathering of those who placed high on the Nevermore Leaderboards, I approached the Chosen of the Malefic One, and…”

The Demon Prince continued to explain everything that had happened. How he had approached the Chosen, gotten him to agree to help, and the entire ritual that followed, including everything that had gone wrong. Many devils or officials frowned or scoffed when the demon described the ritual. It was a foolish endeavor, no doubt about it, yet the results…

“And this Chosen entered your Soulspace?” the Devil King questioned.

“Yes, and suppressed the Records of the Cerulean Devil entirely,” the Demon Prince explained, not hiding anything. “His presence overwhelmed everything, and it was only due to his assistance I managed to become what I am now.”

Silence roamed the hall as they observed the newly born Cerulean Demon Lord. The duke was confused about how all this had happened, even if he heard the explanation. He hadn’t been particularly aware of this Chosen of the Malefic Viper before now, having only heard in passing that the Primordial had returned to the multiverse with a Chosen.

“Is that also why you remain standing now?” the Devil King followed up as his own aura spread through the room. The duke felt the pressure but remained standing, as did the grand duke, duchess, and a few other of the top devils… as well as the Cerulean Demon Lord.

“I believe that to be the case,” the Demon Prince answered truthfully.

“How amusing,” the Devil King smiled, the show of emotion shocking many. “I also heard you gave him your personal Crest that I bestowed upon you?”

“Yes, father. I seek forgiveness if that-“

“It was a wise decision,” the Devil King interrupted him.

“Thank you… though I fear the Chosen may not use it himself but send a representative or envoy. Perhaps even an ally of his,” the Demon Prince said a bit nervously.

“Even if it’s so, treat whoever he sends as if they were my personal guest,” the Devil King said after a brief pause. He then turned and looked at one of the devils in the crowd. “Begin preparations to send more of our young to the Order of the Malefic Viper. Additionally, contact the Second Hell and propose to them a joint venture to make use of their existing connections with the Order.”

“It shall be done, Your Majesty,” the devil bowed.

Turning back to his son, the Devil King observed him for a moment. “Let us also not waste time where unnecessary. A week from now, I shall appoint the Cerulean Demon Lord as my new Chosen and Crown Prince of the Fourth Hell.”

Surprised expressions flashed through the faces of most in the room as the Demon Prince merely bowed. “It would be an honor.”




***
Chapter 904: To Visit One's Parents


***






Jake rarely felt nervous these days. He was the Chosen of the Malefic Viper, Harbinger of Primeval Origins, and now even the top performer on the Nevermore Leaderboards. Yet he couldn’t deny his own trepidations before arriving at Skyggen.

There was no doubt that Jake was a pretty sucky son and now also uncle. Even before the system, he had been bad at calling home or visiting often enough, and with the initiation, he had become far worse. What made Jake feel even worse about everything was how he didn’t really feel that bad for not visiting as often. Just the knowledge they were doing well was enough for him.

His father’s words before he left last time also helped a lot, having pretty much given Jake permission to not worry about them. There was also the fact that Caleb was with them at all times and would ensure they were kept safe alongside Maja and Adam – his wife and son, also known as Jake’s sister-in-law and nephew.

Mixed in with his slight anxiety was also a lot of excitement. The last time he saw Adam, he had just been a baby, while now he should be solidly out of the toddler years. He naturally also looked forward to seeing his parents and how they were doing.

He was also determined to get some way of contacting them this time around, if not for nothing else but the ability to at least call home once in a while to check in on things. Though, rather than talking about some promotion or a funny anecdote of what had happened that day, Jake would talk about how he had met some frost wyvern or helped create a Demon Lord.

Nearly at Skyggen, Jake decided to have a bit of fun and check the local defenses. Activating his stealth skill, Jake wanted to see if he could sneak in without anyone noticing him. If he could, he would definitely have something to tease his brother about.

Sadly, the moment Jake arrived floating above the city, he encountered one of the outer barriers covering the city that served as the headquarters of the Court of Shadows. It became pretty damn clear Jake couldn’t sneak through without triggering it. There were over a dozen layers of barriers, most of which were only primed to the activated to defend against attacks. There were still three different ones designed for detection, though, as well as five, maybe six, made to help hide the city.

“At least Caleb made sure the city is properly defended,” Jake nodded. Haven also had defensive barriers, but far fewer than this. Instead, the city was primarily defended by two people: Arnold and Miranda. Both had placed down their own protective measures, and Jake knew that Arnold had launched a number of satellites to keep a lookout.

Entering through the barrier, Jake instantly knew he was detected. He could have taken the main entrance but decided it was more fun to fly down from above. That way, it would also be easier to find where his parents stayed, something he used a quick Pulse of Perception to discover.

As with most other cities on Earth, Skyggen had grown a lot over the last many years. Despite only really being a city for members of the Court and their family members, it looked surprisingly normal, especially the area where he spotted his family. It looked like the regular suburbs of old, with modern-looking houses on a closed-off street and big gardens. It didn’t look very defended either, which Jake perfectly understood.

Caleb and Jake didn’t want to keep their family in a cage with the justification they were just protecting them. That would be insulting and unhealthy for everyone involved. No, Jake would rather make it so the entire planet was a safe environment for not only his parents but everyone else. Despite never having spoken with his brother about this explicitly, he knew Caleb also felt the same way, which was why he had done things like this.

Flying toward the suburbs, Jake felt a few presences check him out, but the moment they realized who he was, they backed off, resulting in no one bothering him. He saw that his parents were currently both at one house, with his mother sitting in the back garden reading a book while his dad was in the house watching a projector – the system version of a TV. Assuming there weren’t already normal TVs.

There probably were normal TVs, especially if Arnold could walk around with a tablet.

In the house next door, he saw Maja with three other women, as well as a group of seven kids. It wasn’t hard to spot Adam, either. He looked uncannily like Caleb did when he was small, making Jake smile. The decision where to go first wasn’t hard either because there was no fucking way he was going to intrude on his nephew’s playdate. Especially not with his current get-up, as he had a slight suspicion a hooded masked man with glowing beastly eyes wouldn’t be that popular with the kids.

Landing in front of his parent’s house, Jake made his mask invisible, pulled down the hood, and tried to look as representable as he could. Knocking on the door, he was a bit nervous as he saw his father react inside by getting up and walking to the door before opening it.

Jake’s dad froze for a moment when he saw Jake who just stood there smiling. “Hey, Dad, I-“

“Debra, there’s another of those alchemist salesmen at the door!” his dad yelled, surprising Jake.

“Again!?” he heard his mother yell from the other side of the house as she made her way over to the door.

For a moment, Jake’s mind worked at high speeds as he considered what had happened. Could karmic magic affect the memories of people, or was it-

“A fancy one from that snake club, too,” his mother said as she walked over and smiled. “Doesn’t he also seem oddly familiar, Robert?”

“He does look a bit like our younger son, doesn’t he. I wonder what happened to our estranged older one; we haven’t seen him in-“

“Ha ha, very funny,” Jake said in a dry tone. “Also, calling the Divine Order of a Primordial a snake club would definitely be considered heretical to most people.”

“Ah, sorry, I’m just happy you finally found a club you wanted to join since getting you to join any when you were a kid was a real struggle,” Debra teased him as she went outside and didn’t really give him any time before she pulled him into a hug. “Welcome home.”

“Thanks, Mom,” Jake smiled as she practically dragged him inside. His father put a hand on his shoulder as they walked in, giving him an approving nod and a look that said it was good he had finally visited.

“Do you want anything to drink?” his mom asked. “We have coffee and… a lot of different teas. Actually, you may know this, how come tea is so popular now?”

“Tea was always popular,” Jake argued. “But as for why it’s popular in the multiverse in general… well, think about it. Tea is just dried pieces of herbs and can come in a variety of flavors and forms, allowing whoever is making the tea to aim for certain desired effects. Meanwhile, for coffee, it needs to come from coffee beans, right? Limits the variety.”

A case of theft: this story is not rightfully on Amazon; if you spot it, report the violation.

“I see,” his mom nodded. “So I take it you’re big into tea now?”

“Not really, do you have any hot chocolate?” Jake asked with a grin.

“I’m sure I can find something,” she answered with a smile and went into the kitchen. Jake looked after her as he quickly used an Identify to confirm how she was doing.

[Human – lvl 144]

He also used one on his dad, confirming a similar level.

[Human – lvl 141]

Both had reached mid-tier D-grade and were on their way. Neither leveled fast at all, but they were still leveling as far as Jake could tell. Actually, he was pretty sure that many would be jealous of his parent’s ability to level despite neither of them being fighters.

If this keeps up, they should at least reach C-grade at some point, Jake assured himself as he took a seat at the dining table with his dad. Robert, his father, didn’t look a day older than his last visit and still looked a lot healthier than he had been before the system. All good things to see.

“I hear you’ve been quite busy,” his dad said after a brief pause. “Something about you placing first on the best Leaderboards in Nevermore?”

Jake was surprised that his dad knew about all that, considering how disconnected they seemed from multiverse stuff the last time he visited. Still, if he was interested, Jake saw no reason not to answer. “Yeah, I managed to snag the top spot above everyone else.”

“Very impressive based on how I understand it,” Robert said. “I won’t act like I really understand how big of a deal it is, but Caleb seemed a lot more impressed than usual… so good job.”

“Thanks,” Jake smiled. “Say, where is Caleb?”

“At work,” his mom answered as she came in carrying three mugs with hot chocolate, having made it a lot faster than Jake expected. “He is quite busy these days, and while he tried to take a small holiday after he returned from this Nevermore place, he was quickly dragged back to work. I guess his desk was full after more than three years of absence.”

“Sucks to suck,” Jake grinned, happy it wasn’t him. In some ways, it was also good to have some one-on-one time with his parents.

“Don’t bully your little brother for having a job,” Robert scolded him in jest before he turned a lot more serious. “I know that to us, you’ve only been gone for a few years, but for you, it’s been decades… Caleb was quite affected and stuck to Maja and Adam like a magnet for the first day he was back. How are you doing?”

“I’m doing good,” Jake said with a reassuring smile.

“No, you’re not,” his dad said with an exaggerated sigh. “Charity workers do good. You’re doing well.”

“Way to spoil the serious mood with grammatical pedantry,” Jake shook his head. “And how do you know I didn’t do good? I recently helped someone transform into a Demon Lord, and just on the way here, I talked sense into a murderous and ignorant wyvern on top of a mountain while freeing a group of vampires from the fate of dying as popsicles.”

“The first one doesn’t sound like it counts,” Debra muttered.

“That’s just your bias against demons born from media misrepresentation,” Jake said in a matter-of-fact tone. “Most demons I’ve met have been pretty nice and chill.”

“You’re also part of what many call an evil snake club, with this Malefic Viper not striking me as a figure many would describe with the adjective good,” his dad couldn’t help but point out. “That may color your view a bit.”

“Is it just me, or do you two seem more educated on matters of the multiverse than last time I was here?” Jake asked with a raised eyebrow.

“We didn’t really have much of a choice, now did we?” Debra asked while Jake took a sip of his hot chocolate, which, for the record, was superb.

“What do you mean,” Jake asked after a good sip.

“You had a ceremony or something announcing yourself to the world a few years ago, didn’t you?” Robert chimed in again. “It isn’t anything new for the parents of famous people to get some attention from the public, now is it?”

Jake’s smile faded as he turned serious. “Have people been bothering you because of me?”

“I wouldn’t say that,” his mom sighed. “It’s more that there have been some odd types who’ve approached us, and sometimes it can be hard to judge who is there because of us or you. It isn’t that big of a deal, though. We were already having similar issues because Caleb is the Judge of the Court of Shadows. Maja, too, and Caleb is doing a good job of making sure we aren’t too bothered.”

“I… see…” Jake muttered. “What kind of odd types have appeared?”

“Most people from these new factions who arrived, and they are mostly very polite,” Debra answered. “There is this group of very weird people, though… what were they called again?”

“Primordial Church,” Robert answered.

“That’s right, the Primordial Church. There are these three in particular who are quite peculiar, though they don’t seem dangerous or deceitful in the slightest. They’re actually very straightforward about what they want, if a little pushy and overexcited,” Jake’s mom continued.

“What is it they want?” Jake asked with some concern.

He had no idea why it had never crossed his mind this could happen. Even if Jake had things like Shroud of the Primordial to hide him, people could still just do good old detective work to easily find out who his family was. Shit, the fact Caleb was Jake’s brother was far from a secret, so all they really had to do was find Caleb’s parents, and they would find Jake’s.

“They just ask questions,” Debra continued, shaking her head. “Their questions are just odd and kind of intrusive. They asked a lot about you, how you grew up, where, who you knew, what you were like when younger…”

“I think one of them mentioned something about writing a book?” Robert added. “Or a biography?”

“Are you sure? One of them tried to show me her poetry collection about Jake…” Debra muttered.

Jake stared at his parents as she scratched the back of his hand. “To clarify… you didn’t actually tell them anything about me, right?”

“Not anything bad!” his mom quickly made clear, which didn’t make Jake feel better. “But they were really polite and without any bad intentions, especially in the beginning.”

His mom’s words made a shiver run down Jake’s back. He knew enough about the Primordial Church to know they were fanatics, and he really hoped she hadn’t told some embarrassing stories he could now look forward to spreading all throughout the multiverse.

“Don’t worry, they didn’t get much useful,” Jake’s dad tried to assure him. “And a lot of what they got was just nonsense that will make them laughingstocks with no creditability if they actually try to share it.”

“I’m sure they will just ignore the outrageous things you said,” Debra sighed. “No one’s going to believe any of that stuff you told them.”

“What… what did he tell them?” Jake said, clenching his fists.

“As I said, nonsense,” his dad kept waving him off. “No one, not even people as unreasonable as them, is going to believe a five-year-old fought off a shark or that a ten-year-old became the world record holder for ultramarathons on accidents just because he wanted to have a long run.”

His dad laughed a bit at the last part, as Jake just had a look of horror. His father had no idea what he had done as Jake looked up at them.

“They are that unreasonable.”

Robert looked confused and stopped laughing before shaking his head. “Even so, if they try to share it, no one will them them seriously.”

“Dad… you don’t understand these people,” Jake said as he looked his father in the eye. “I accidentally showed a projection to a guy depicting a beer bottle and the words danger noodle, and the guy dedicated a significant portion of his life to creating a mythical rarity statue…”

“Wait, are you talking about Felix, the High Priest in Haven?” Debra asked. “I heard he was a sculptor who gained your favor…”

“That’s him, and the fact he is now a High Priest should tell you everything,” Jake said with a serious look.

“They aren’t actually going to write down and publish everything I said, right?” Robert said with a tinge of nervousness.

“Every. Single. Word,” Jake assured him.

Silence hung in the room for several seconds before something vibrated on a small table in the corner of the room. Debra hurried over to it as Jake contemplated if he should try and track down the members of the Primordial Church.

“Caleb is coming over,” his mother said as she held the token with a smile. “He said he’ll stop by and grab Maja and Adam on the way.”

Jake wasn’t surprised Caleb was coming, as someone had definitely reported to him that Jake had arrived, and he was happy to hear he was bringing Maja and Adam. Next door, he saw that Maja had definitely also been called by Caleb as the other women were packing up and leaving, as Maja herself got ready with Adam.

I’ll deal with that damn Primordial Church later… for now, let’s just try not to mess up my nephew’s first impression of his uncle.




***
Chapter 905: Quality Family Time


***






Jake looked through the drawers, trying to find anything suitable as his mom stood at the door. He had never been a fan of his mom’s tendency to buy clothes, as she had a horrible habit of not really remembering what size people were, but in this one instance, that came in handy as Jake quickly found a T-shirt and jeans that seemed about his size.

“I told you there would be something for you,” Debra said in an almost proud tone.

“Not sure you should be bragging about buying things in the wrong size for Dad or Caleb,” Jake smiled and shook his head before shooing her out of the room so he could change.

It probably shouldn’t come as a surprise, but Jake didn’t own any normal clothing. He had his armor, a few party outfits he used at the Order, and some more clothing that really didn’t fit with a modern setting. With that in mind, Jake had decided to raid a drawer with clothing no one used, finding his current outfit that fit nicely after putting it on.

Looking at a mirror in the room, Jake felt like he looked weird.

Since when did looking normal become weird, and looking weird become normal? Jake questioned. In the multiverse, people really just wore whatever, and finding people walking down the street in full plate armor, or armor obviously made from a dead beast, was considered entirely ordinary. Not to mention polymorphed monsters that didn’t even need equipment with enchantments, making them wear even weirder stuff at times.

Jake did still look a bit off, though. He had undoubtedly changed physically after the system arrived and with a few evolutions under his belt, but nothing was as notable as his eyes. While he hadn’t exactly tested it, he was pretty sure they glowed in the dark now, or at least reflected light like the eyes of a cat, and if he tried to evaluate them objectively, they did make Jake look a bit… he wanted to say dangerous, but volatile was probably more accurate.

Wearing sunglasses was one option, but one Jake quickly dismissed. Firstly, because wearing sunglasses inside makes you look like an idiot or a blind person, and secondly, because his nephew would definitely end up seeing his eyes at some point anyway, so there was no need to hide them.

Exiting the room in his average outfit, his mom waited on the other side and looked at him from top to bottom, stopping when she reached his feet. “You’re still wearing those old boots? According to Caleb, you should be doing pretty well for yourself, so couldn’t you get some new ones? They certainly look like they have seen better days…”

“These are the best boots in the multiverse, and I will hear no objections to that statement,” Jake said with a tone of utmost certainly. He wasn’t really joking, either. Finding awesome mythical rarity boots like this wasn’t exactly commonplace.

“Alright, not going to argue with you, but you should look into buying some product to treat the leather,” Debra still insisted.

“I doubt it would work,” Jake shook his head. “They haven’t changed appearance no matter what’s happened to them.”

“If you say so,” his mom finally gave up as the two of them walked into the living room to wait for Caleb and Maja. Jake could already see them next door, preparing to leave.

“Look at him; not wearing dark clothes and looking all grim,” Jake’s Dad said the moment Jake entered the living room. He had to admit that the blue t-shirt with what he was pretty sure was the logo of some company printed on it did make him look much less serious and grim than usual.

“I’ll have you know cloaks and leather armor are quite fashionable,” Jake defended himself as he took a seat at the dining table.

His Dad didn’t say anything but just looked at the projector that was playing what looked a lot like a TV show of some kind. Except it was clearly one made after the system arrived, making Jake look at it with interest. It was a show about a tailor struggling with finding enough materials because a merchant union had recently moved in and increased the prices, but oh wait, a new shop just opened up on the street with a blacksmith who refuses to back down to the evil merchant’s demands…

“You look like it’s your first time watching a TV show,” his Dad commented.

“It is my first time watching one produced after the system… not gonna lie, I didn’t even know it was a thing,” Jake readily admitted. Then again, all Paths were viable, so maybe stuff like this was too… though he had a hard time seeing how one could take acting to a particularly high grade. Like, what would the difference between a D-grade and a B-grade actor really be? Straight-up polymorphing into other people? That seemed more shapeshifter-y, though…

“There aren’t that many, but some people are trying to bring back a feeling of normalcy, and producing things like these is part of that,” his mom added. “Not to say there isn’t an entertainment industry, they just don’t really do produced shows like this. A lot are recording and showing off spars, hunts, or creating lessons in certain professions and selling those.”

“Interesting,” Jake said. Recordings like these were pretty easy to make, and many were freely sold back in the Order, but most of the time it was done with the purpose of teaching and not entertainment. Sure, the teachers who were also entertaining were the ones who did best, but the primary objective was still to impart knowledge.

As Jake was watching the show, Maja, Caleb, and Adam finally arrived. He looked toward the door just before they knocked, and his mom got up with a smile. “You two just stay here while I go let them in.”

“Alright,” Jake nodded, his Dad just letting out a low grunt.

In the entrance area, he saw Debra open the door as he heard them greet each other. It was pretty clear that they visited often, which really wasn’t a surprise considering they were neighbors.

The four of them quickly made their way toward the living room, and Jake felt nervous but tried to look as non-intimidating and normal as he could. The first one to come into the living room was Maja, who smiled brightly when she saw Jake.

“Jake, so good to finally see you again!” she said as Jake got up and she came over for a light hug before pulling away. “It has been years! You really need to visit more often; I’m getting tired of hearing about your exploits second-hand from Caleb.”

“I know, I know,” Jake said apologetically as he looked over her shoulder and saw the three others enter. Caleb looked… calm. A lot calmer than he had in the get-together of all the people who placed on the Leaderboards. While he hadn’t really shown it much, Jake could really see now how tense he had been then, and it was great to see him more relaxed.

A case of theft: this story is not rightfully on Amazon; if you spot it, report the violation.

Finally, he laid eyes on the newest addition to their family – at least if one talked about the humans in it. Adam looked as one would expect of a kid, and he stared at Jake with big eyes. He really reminded Jake of when Caleb was young.

“This is Uncle Jake,” Maja said as she introduced Jake to his nephew. Caleb helped by pushing the little guy forward.

“Hey there,” Jake said with a smile as he squatted down.

The kid stared at him for a moment, as Jake felt a bit uncomfortable but tried to not let it show. After what felt like forever, Adam finally spoke:

“Your eyes are weird.”

“Adam, that’s not nice,” Maja said in a scolding tone, as Jake just chuckled and shook his head.

“My eyes are weird, aren’t they?” Jake just confirmed. “Why, don’t you like them?”

“They’re cool…” he muttered shyly, much to the relief of Jake.

Jake didn’t really know how to deal with kids. It wasn’t that he particularly disliked kids, only when they were annoying or disruptive; he just didn’t really know how to act around them. It didn’t help that he had zero experience with kids of any age. The system had surely also changed things, as based on what his mom had briefly mentioned before he went to grab some more normal clothes, kids seemed a lot smarter these days. Adam had been able to speak a lot earlier than usual, as an example, though physically he didn’t seem older than Jake would expect.

“You might not remember Uncle Jake as he was away just like Dad, but he visited when you were little,” Maja said as she walked over to Adam.

Adam seemed interested in that as he stared up at Jake. “Does that mean you’re super strong like Dad?”

Jake was a bit taken aback as he smiled. “I’m the strongest.”

“Even stronger than Dad?” Adam asked with wide eyes.

Caleb’s gaze bore into Jake as he stared at him with eyes that looked like they could kill, making Jake consider his answer carefully. “Your Dad and I don’t fight, but we’re both super strong. Strong people like us shouldn’t fight without a good reason, right?”

That answer seemed to satisfy Adam’s curiosity, as Caleb also threw Jake a thankful look. Jake got it. Flexing in front of his son would be a bit too much, and what kid didn’t want to believe that their Dad was the strongest in the world?

Anyway, with that, the introduction Jake had been so nervous about was over, with the kid seemingly not caring overly much the second his grandma brought out some treats. It was almost anticlimactic, but honestly… kids were probably a lot simpler than Jake believed, they were definitely easily distracted.

Standing next to Caleb, he saw his brother with a content smile on his face as Jake sent him a telepathic message. “How are you holding up?”

Caleb threw him a look as he hid a sigh. “It’s been hard. I missed more than three of his most important years being away in Nevermore. What’s more, for me, fifty passed… it’s like I’ve been away an entire lifetime. It will take a bit to adapt before I really feel like I’m back. Adam will also need some time. I… I’m not even sure he recognized me when I walked through the door after I returned.”

Jake put a hand on Caleb’s shoulder as he gave it a light squeeze of encouragement. He wasn’t going to pretend to understand how Caleb felt. To be away from your kid for so long had to be hard for both parties, and no one could pretend fifty years was a short time, even if Caleb could live for thousands at the very least as a C-grade. One had to remember all of them were still very young in a multiversal context, and he was pretty sure Caleb had spent less time than Jake in time-dilation, meaning Nevermore had more likely than not been more than half of Caleb’s entire life.

His brother threw him a thankful look, and the two of them just stood there and watched Adam talking with their mother as Maja unpacked a bag with some toys in it. Meanwhile, Jake and Caleb’s Dad looked at the projection of the TV show with one eye while keeping an eye on Adam with the other.

If one took a snapshot of this scene, they could almost be confused for an entirely normal family.

Maybe visiting home once in a while isn’t all that bad…

The Sword Saint had done much to divest himself from being involved in the internal politics of the Noboru Clan. He had put distance between them, but no matter what he did, they still recognized him as their Patriarch, and he realized there was nothing he could do about that and simply accepted the role. With that, he needed to, at the very least, understand the situation of the clan, if not for anything else but his role as a member of the World Council.

Upon his return from Nevermore, he was naturally swarmed by people who wanted to know of his exploits, and to update him on the happenings of the planet over the last few years. Something he gladly accepted, as he heard all that had happened during his absence, and it genuinely surprised him.

He had half-expected something major to happen during this time, but everything had just been calm. What happened instead was the rapid expansion of all human settlements, the development of technology, and the growth of the overall power of the planet. All the assistance their small rock floating through space received due to Jake was overwhelming, and while most of it was centralized in and around Haven, the Noboru Clan also benefitted greatly, as it was well-known the Sword Saint was a comrade of the Chosen, and also someone carrying the Divine Blessing of Aeon, making him a person of interest in his own right.

The clan did have one issue, though.

Vampires.

In the multiverse, they were not a very popular race, and the Sword Saint understood why. The clan had been forced to set up an entire system to allow the vampires to exist there, and donations of blood were a requirement.

One had to remember the massive downside of vampirism after Sanguine died, requiring them to consume life energy in the form of blood to regenerate their health. They had no other ways to truly regenerate it, and things like healing spells could only temporarily help. To make matters more complicated, the most effective blood was that of the race they turned into a vampire from, or at least a similar one. In other words, others of the enlightened races.

Ah, and then there was the problem of vampires entering a blood frenzy if starved for too long or injured badly. All in all, vampires were an incredibly problematic race, and that was before one considered the fact that the Risen, Holy Church, and a few other factions openly had kill orders out on any vampire, wanting to wipe the race from the multiverse.

The Sword Saint was fully aware that the only reason they were accepted in any way on Earth was because of Jake and his identity as the Chosen of the Malefic Viper. The Order of the Malefic Viper was the only large faction that officially had vampires in it, and that was only possible because of the Primordial at the helm. The open support for vampires displayed was also apparent, especially after the Order had even been so bold as to bring a vampire to the post-Nevermore political meetings. For the Viper’s Chosen to also be accepting of vampires was only to be expected; thus, no one dared openly bother the clan.

Miyamoto also had to admit that vampires were powerful. For their level, they tended to be superior to humans in combat. This primarily stemmed from them only having either a class or a profession, and most of the vampires went with a class. Combined with their racial skills and the often-seen high level of synergy between their class and race, their high combat prowess shouldn’t be that surprising.

While sitting in his own courtyard meditating, the Sword Saint was interrupted as a person approached his residence. Opening his eyes, he waved his hand as the gates swung open, revealing a familiar face. It was one of his many grandchildren and one of those who had chosen to embrace vampirism.

“You looked disturbed,” the Sword Saint asked when he saw the look on his face.

“Greetings, Patriarch,” his grandson bowed. “I apologize for the disturbance; however-“

He proceeded to explain that he had recently taken part in an attempted raid on a frost wyvern and how it had ended in their utter failure. But, the most important part came at the end, as he explained the cause for urgency:

“The life tokens of those frozen are still intact, meaning the wyvern must have captured them. This may be presumptuous, but we have none capable of fighting this beast, so if the Patriarch would-“

“Very well,” the Sword Saint agreed as he stood up, understanding the concern. “I shall head out immediately.”




***
Chapter 906: All Good Things Must Come To An End


***






Miyamoto felt the cold winds sweeping across his body as he trekked up the mountain. Many of the ice elementals noticed him, but none approached as he soon reached the summit where this powerful beast known as the Northpeak Wyvern should reside.

Admittedly, an environment like this was far from favorable to him, as his water affinity was severely weakened due to the cold, but he was still confident. Its level more or less matched him, and while the vampire raid team described the wyvern as powerful, the mere fact any of them managed to return alive and that they could injure the beast was proof that it shouldn’t be a threat to him.

As described, he found the cavern atop the mountain, and within, he felt the presence of a monster. The last update he got before he headed off from Haven said that the captured vampires were still alive, but he feared things may have changed as he only felt the presence of a single living being within.

If it was so, the least he could do was enact vengeance. The Prima Response Team, as the people in charge of preparing for the Prima Guardian’s arrival called themselves, had designated this wyvern too dangerous to leave alive anyway, so someone would have to slay it anyway. May as well be him.

Walking through the cavern, he was ready should it attack with a breath, as he had been informed the wyvern was extraordinarily aggressive and impossible to talk to, and the design of the cave made it a perfect choke point to-

“Excuse me, can I help you with anything?” a voice echoed through the cave as the Sword Saint stopped and frowned. The tone did not carry the level of arrogance he had expected, but he wasn’t going to let his guard down.

He responded as he infused his voice with energy. “I hope for your sake you can. A group of vampires recently fought you here, and I believe a number of them were captured alive.”

“That… that was all a misunderstanding that has been rectified,” the wyvern responded in a meek tone, making the Sword Saint frown even more. Usually, the data provided by members of his clan was extremely accurate, but the current situation certainly wasn’t in line with his expectations. Had he somehow gotten the wrong mountain? No… no, that wouldn’t make any sense.

“I question your claims, but please enlighten me as to the nature of your rectification,” he responded, not far from his goal.

“It’s… fine if you come to the big cavern to talk…”

Continuing through the cave, he soon reached the inner cave, where he saw the large wyvern nested in the middle. He was ready to draw his sword but felt no aggression as he got a nervous impression from the wyvern.

“Gre… greetings,” the wyvern said, seemingly trying really hard to be polite.

The Sword Saint didn’t respond immediately but scanned the room and saw no immediate signs of any trapped vampires. “What happened to the vampires you captured?”

“They left,” the wyvern responded quickly. “I, eh, I let them go, and they left a few days ago…”

Narrowing his eyes, Miyamoto placed one hand on the handle of his sword. “And why would you just let them go?”

“I saw the error of my ways?” the wyvern responded before seemingly nodding to itself as if to confirm the answer.

“Do excuse me if I question the validity of any creature changing their entire manner of acting so abruptly,” the Sword Saint said skeptically as he looked directly at the wyvern. “Unless there is more than one Northpeak Wyvern, you are known for attacking indiscriminately any who dares set foot atop this mountain, and you mean to tell me that has suddenly changed within a couple of days?”

“Yes?” the wyvern responded, staring unblinkingly at the Sword Saint. “I, eh… learned my lesson and will no longer be a menace, but always talk first and not just attack.”

“Forgive me for my continued skepticism, but what was the impetus for this change?”

“Impetus?” the wyvern asked, seemingly not understanding what the word meant.

“Reason. Cause. What event caused you to have such a sudden shift in behavior?” the Sword Saint elaborated. He hoped the wyvern had a satisfactory answer; if not, he wasn’t averse to doing what he originally came to this mountain to do, even if the wyvern claimed it had suddenly wisened up, as everything could easily just be a ruse to avoid powerful people actually slaying it. It would need a really good rea-

“The Chosen of the Malefic Viper visited, and-”

Yeah, alright, that’ll do it.

More than two weeks passed, with Jake doing almost fuck-all in the progress department. Instead, he spent all this time just relaxing with his family, doing a variety of activities. He watched pretty bad TV shows with his dad, went shopping with his mom, and talked with Maja while playing with Adam.

Caleb sadly still had to do a lot of work, but he tried to be home as much as possible. Alas, he was still the Judge of the Court of Shadows, and he had certain responsibilities he simply couldn’t divvy out no matter how much he wanted to. Jake was sure happy he had managed to outsource all his responsibilities.

A lot of people would probably say Jake was wasting his time just relaxing with his family. He barely did any alchemy, only when Adam was sleeping – yes, children still had to sleep – or when everyone else was preoccupied. When he did do a bit of alchemy, he only ever made some potions and stuff, never focusing that much on the task.

Even so, Jake didn’t regret this time in the slightest. He wasn’t in some extreme rush to optimize every single second of his day, and in some ways, he even felt like a moment of downtime like this would be healthy for him in the long run, even from a progress perspective.

This time around, Jake didn’t help Caleb with any kind of presence-resistance training either. Partly because Caleb didn’t want to go with Jake and do it, taking them both away from spending quality family time. Jake wasn’t complaining either, as he was totally fine, not helping train shadow assassins and learning all about what kids Adam’s age played with after the system arrived.

Things had definitely changed for parents and nearly all for the better. Things like sickness weren’t really a thing anymore, and many of the usual woes of children were no longer a factor. Kids were also a lot more durable. Adam could climb a dozen meters up into a tree and just jump down without any issues, and while he was still pretty damn clumsy, he wasn’t ever really hurt, even when he tripped and tumbled down a grassy hill. Instead, he asked to go again.

If you encounter this narrative on Amazon, note that it's taken without the author's consent. Report it.

It definitely took a bit of getting used to. If Adam did end up injuring himself somehow, a simple healing spell or potion could also instantly fix the problem. Still, Maja was very protective at times. As an example, she rejected Jake and Caleb’s idea of putting Adam in a ball of stable arcane mana and throwing it around up in the sky, no matter how much the three of them begged her to let them.

They ended up doing it anyway but got quite a scolding afterward, even if Adam had a great time.

He didn’t speak to Villy at all during this time either but disconnected as much as he could from that entire part of his life. It was a nice reprieve for sure, and he had formed some good memories. Hopefully, he had also given Adam some positive memories of his cool uncle.

Alas, all things have to come to an end. One day, when he was sitting with Adam playing with stable arcane mana constructs, Jake making whatever shape Adam wanted to see, he got the message he knew would eventually come.

It even happened a bit later than Jake expected, not that Jake was in any way complaining about that. During his entire visit, he had just been waiting for Sandy to contact him for them to begin their own little adventure. He had expected this to only take a few days, but as mentioned, it ended up taking more than two weeks, with Arnold definitely getting a lot of good data from the giant space worm.

In fact, from the sounds of it, when Jake talked to the worm later, Sandy only left because the scientist had run out of snacks the worm’s dietitian approved of. While the dietitian couldn’t go out of Sandy’s stomach, he could check through the things Sandy ate and make the giant space worm spit out whatever wasn’t part of the meal plan.

According to Sandy, even if the worm had left before the scientist would have liked, Arnold had been quite happy and talked about how he could combine the data provided by Sandy with what he had gathered from the spaceship Jake had been gifted during his Chosen Ceremony and what he already knew from researching the ruined ship he purchased during the Treasure Hunt auction.

Jake was already looking forward to what kind of spacecrafts he would make, though it did sound like he was primarily working on improving his satellites before making any ships designed for travel. Plus, knowing Arnold, he would definitely want to do a lot of testing first to make sure he got things right the first time.

Finally… Jake already had a living spaceship available by the name of Sandy.

“I’m wriggling to you now,” Sandy had sent to Jake as they headed off from Haven, which also marked the end of his family visit. “Should be there in a jiffy.”

“Are you sure wriggling is the right term? Not flying or teleporting?” Jake asked semi-jokingly.

“I’m the expert here, and the correct term is wriggling. What else would it be? I am wriggling, after all,” Sandy responded, leaving little room for discussion.

“Alright, alright… I’ll be waiting,” Jake said as he looked at his family, who had noticed his change in demeanor. They had just eaten dinner, and everyone sat in the lounging area on sofas, just talking.

“It’s time for you to head off?” Caleb asked, having realized pretty quickly.

“Yeah,” Jake nodded with a sigh.

“Jake is leaving?” Adam asked, confused.

“Sorry buddy, adventure calls,” Jake smiled as he ruffled the little guy’s hair.

“Where are you going?” his nephew kept asking.

Jake flashed a big smile as he pointed upwards. “To the moon.”

Adam’s eyes opened wide in amazement as Jake’s mom scolded him. “You shouldn’t just make up stories like that.”

“I’m serious,” Jake responded with a deadpan look. “I’m literally going to the moon.”

“Are you going on a rocket ship?” Adam asked, incredibly invested.

“No, something even better,” Jake said. “A big space worm.”

Jake’s mom once more threw him a look, but the gaze he returned made it clear he also wasn’t joking with this one, making Jake’s dad chuckle. Adam looked a bit skeptical, though, making Jake shake his head.

“You don’t believe me?”

Adam didn’t answer but looked at his mom as if he expected Maja to confirm if Jake was telling the truth.

“Well, if you don’t believe me, I won’t let you meet the big space worm,” Jake said, acting offended as he crossed his arms.

“I wanna see…” Adam muttered, Jake taking the victory. It was not like he had much of a choice because if he knew Sandy, the worm would have absolutely no sense of caution or forethought with how they would approach Jake. He was also sure Sandy would indeed arrive fast and have no issues finding him.

One had to remember that Jake carried around a weird rock-egg-thing Sandy had given him, which was apparently the result of the skill Sandy had gained upon receiving the True Blessing of the Boundless Hydra, better known as the Lord Protector of the Order of the Malefic Viper, and even better known as Snappy.

This weird item allowed Sandy to always be aware of where Jake was by tracking that odd item.

As Jake predicted, it didn’t take long before Sandy arrived in an as chaotic manner as Jake expected. With little warning, a hundred-meter-long giant space worm fell from the sky, landing right in the middle of the road outside, barely missing any of the houses, though definitely doing plenty of damage to the pavement.

Jake’s parents, along with Maja, were shocked as Adam ran outside the house and saw the giant mass of wiggling flesh.

“Big worm!” Adam yelled as he ran forward, Maja going to grab him as they all exited the house.

“Hello, little human! And other humans that are also little, but not as little!” Sandy said in a cheerful tone. “Also, did I stick that landing or not, eh?”

“I am indeed surprised you didn’t break anything. Well, break more than you did,” Jake said as he walked forward and introduced the worm. “This is Sandy, everyone. A friend of mine and my travel companion for my upcoming adventure.”

“More than a travel companion! I am the very mode of transportation itself!” Sandy said proudly.

“Are you gonna ride the big worm?” Adam asked with amazement.

“In a way?” Jake said.

“I’m gonna eat him,” Sandy said.

“That’s not nice,” Adam accurately pointed out.

“It is if you have permission, and sometimes even if you don’t have permission. Just ask Tom,” Sandy responded to the accusations of non-niceness.

“Who’s Tom?” Adam asked, a bit confused.

“Tom is Tom,” Sandy refused to elaborate. “Now, you ready to head off?”

“Yeah, I’m good to go,” Jake nodded as Maja picked up Adam, and Jake turned to his family. “It’s been fun, and thanks for having me?”

“You remembered the token, right?” his mom asked in a concerned tone.

Jake flashed the communication token and nodded, the item allowing him to call them or them to call him. It was pretty much a magic telephone and even had video calls in the form of being able to project images.

“Take care of yourself,” Jake’s dad said as Caleb gave him a nod.

Finally, Jake said his goodbyes to Adam as he saw the kid was sad he was leaving. While it did suck Jake made him sad by leaving, it did make him a bit lucky his nephew at least cared he left.

“I’ll bring you a moon rock; what do you say?” Jake said to Adam.

“Really?” he asked. “A big one?”

“The biggest one your mom and dad will allow,” Jake grinned.

“Okay!” Adam said happily as Maja gave Jake a thankful look.

Going over to Sandy, the giant worm floated into the air.

“See you, everyone,” Jake said as the worm opened its mouth and sucked him in.

“Bye, humans related to Jake!” Sandy said as they turned toward the sky, wriggling, and propelled themselves forward with a final battlecry that no one had any idea how Sandy learned.

“To infinity and beyond!”

As they watched Jake fly off into the sky, Caleb stood staring up with his wife alongside his parents. They saw the two of them disappear into the sky, as Robert commented:

“What an odd creature, I wonder how Jake even met and made friends with it.”

“Oh yeah, you might not know this, but that worm is the Chosen of the Boundless Hydra and probably one of the creatures with the highest status on the planet, definitely surpassing me,” Caleb added.

The others remained quiet as they let it sink in, Debra finally commenting.

“It was a very polite giant space worm, though. Or maybe all space worms are just like that.”

“Can’t say I would know; I am not familiar with that many space worms,” Caleb readily admitted.

“I just hope everything goes well… I don’t think anyone has ever been to the moon after the system arrived,” Maja commented.

“I’m sure he’ll be fine,” Caleb said. Genuinely, he was more concerned about the moon and whatever unfortunate creatures lived there than Jake.




***
Chapter 907: To The Moon!


***






Who hadn’t, at one point or another, dreamed of visiting the moon? Or maybe Jake was just weird, but he sure had wanted to at least try going there at least once. To see the world from an entirely new perspective, and, more important of all, finally confirm that Earth wasn’t flat like a pancake.

Setting off from Skyggen with Sandy, Jake was naturally eaten and entered one of the space worm’s many stomachs. At this point, Jake had no idea how many Sandy had, but he was sure he would figure that out eventually, as he expected the two of them to spend quite a lot of time traveling together over the next months.

Looking around the stomach he had entered, it was more just one large room. The floors were rock-like, with the walls also reminiscent of being inside of a cave, and the rectangular shape made it hard to imagine he was currently inside of a creature.

Inside this room, he spotted a bunch of furniture as the place was set up like an apartment, and when he looked toward the end of the rectangle, he even saw a sealed-off glass cube with a lot of familiar instruments and tools within.

“Is… this an alchemy lab?” Jake said with raised eyebrows.

“Yep, had some people from the Order set it up,” Sandy responded quickly. “Plus, even if you do poison stuff, it won’t be annoying anymore as it’s sealed within the cube, and I added special ventilation!”

“Do I want to know how you exhaust these toxic fumes?” Jake joked.

“Why would I exhaust them? I put them in another stomach where the fumes are absorbed by some toxin-absorbant materials to help them grow,” Sandy responded as if Jake was being an idiot.

“I see,” Jake muttered, sad his fart joke had failed, as he instead turned his attention elsewhere.

One of the walls of the room displayed not just a wall but was entirely see-through so Jake could observe the outside world. Sandy had even placed windows elsewhere, making it seem as if Jake was flying within a big worm-shaped plane. Of course, Jake knew it wasn’t as if these were actually windows. They were more just screens displaying the outside.

As he looked out, he saw they quickly flew into the sky with speed surpassing anything Jake could do. It actually wasn’t that much faster than he was if he continually used One Step, though, but he knew this was far from Sandy’s top speed. Just going by how fast the worm had traveled from Haven to Skyggen, he knew the worm’s top speed was absolutely insane.

The reason Sandy didn’t go full throttle right now was likely due to the way the sky worked. The atmosphere around Earth, and the sky in general, had several layers to it, and traveling through them haphazardly could get quite dangerous. Especially the outer layers of the atmosphere.

B-grade was recognized as the grade in which one could begin to explore space, and that wasn’t only because that was when one rarely could find worthy foes on their home planets, but because that was often when one became able to even enter other planets safely.

Surviving in space wasn’t that hard at all, and even D-grades could exist there. Sure, they would have to exhaust energy to protect themselves from the cold and the semi-vacuum of space, but it wasn’t that bad at all. It was more akin to just being pretty deep underwater. Granted, there were a lot of threats that could kill one out there, such as rampant blasts of energy just flying across the cosmos or small meteors striking you, but technically, one could live in space. It wasn’t recommended, but theoretically possible.

Thing is… you would be kind of stuck there unless someone helped you get back to a planet or you chose to settle down on a large space rock without any proper atmosphere. Going to a place like Earth was out of the question, and Earth wasn’t even a massive planet by multiversal standards.

Jake, even with his current level of power, would have to go all-out if he wanted to reenter Earth again without the assistance of Sandy, with the atmosphere effectively creating a natural barrier protecting the planet from threats. Exiting was quite a lot easier than entering, but even that was pretty hard. Arnold had only managed to send out satellites and whatnot by coating them in special metals with high resistance to the concepts in the atmosphere, something Jake’s body was definitely not made of.

Sandy was made of this kind of resistant material, though.

The space worm’s thick skin seemed nearly unaffected, even as they entered the outer layers of the atmosphere. The dense energies and concepts that sought to tear apart anything they encountered washed over Sandy without any issues, and from inside the worm, Jake saw the grand vista that was Earth’s atmosphere.

From below, it wasn’t visible, but once inside, it was as if he was standing inside the northern lights. Waves of energy crashed everywhere, and whatever small rocks entered it were instantly torn apart. It was entirely different forces than before the system that protected planets now, and Jake could only imagine how much stronger the natural defenses of a planet could get if one added their own barriers on top. If the core of the planet was used as a medium, one could perhaps even enhance certain concepts of this natural atmosphere…

Soon, Jake saw as they passed the final layer. The waves of energy dispersed, and all became still as there was nothing but the emptiness of space all around them. Jake couldn’t feel the concepts outside, but he got the impression that there wasn’t much to feel for either. Space was called a vacuum for a reason, and while there certainly still was a lot of mana, the density was incredibly unvaried. The further they got away from any celestial objects, the less mana there would also be, with certain sectors of space nearly entirely empty of anything at all, save for the bare minimum of space energy required to hold reality together.

“So, are you ready? I will have to turn the lookout holes off when I jump into Sandy’s Sand World,” Sandy asked him.

“It isn’t like I’ll have to do anything, so sure, I’m ready,” Jake smiled. “How long do you reckon it’ll take to get there?”

Jake already had an estimate in mind. It had taken them over an hour to reach space, as Sandy couldn’t go as fast in the upper layers as they wanted. Plus, Sandy had also clearly slowed down a lot and absorbed some energy here and there, while allowing Jake to take in the atmosphere. Traveling through empty space would definitely be faster, especially if Sandy’s Sand World, as the big worm called it, was used.

Considering the distance from Earth to the moon was approximately thirty times the diameter of Earth and that proportions had been kept roughly the same, Jake reckoned it would take less than a week to get there, maybe even five or six days only if-

“Like half a day at most?” Sandy responded.

“What?” Jake exclaimed. “Did you just say half a day?”

“Oh, here we go, making fun of the worm for not being fast enough. I’m trying here, and before I reach B-grade, I can’t go really fast, so it’s kind of rude to bully me like this. Actually, maybe I should just spit you out here and now, and you can just fly yourself. Yeah, let’s do that; let’s see who’s faster!”

Jake allowed the worm to vent their frustrations until it reached a point where he was afraid of getting tossed out before he responded.

“No… I meant that it’s faster than I expected,” Jake said in a calming tone. “From speaking to Arnold, the changes in space have resulted in pre-system space travel no longer being viable, as it’s no longer considered a complete vacuum, making the constant accelerations not a thing anymore.”

At least, that was how Jake had understood what Arnold said. He didn’t really know overly much about space travel, but he was pretty sure that traveling to the moon hadn’t even taken a week before the system, despite the long distance. Jake would have been impressed if Sandy, as a barely mid-tier C-grade, could rival that with the changes to space travel.

So, seeing Sandy not just match it but be a lot faster was great. It boded well for what the giant space worm would be capable of in the future when it was time to truly explore space in B-grade.

“Oh, you were praising me? In that case, ignore everything I just said and keep recognizing my awesomeness,” Sandy said. “Now get ready; we’re about to enter the sand world.”

“Ready,” Jake nodded. He wasn’t sure what he was supposed to be ready for, though.

In the next instance, the windows to the outside world disappeared, and Jake felt the shift. Through his sphere that extended outside of Sandy, he saw everything warp. It was as if space contracted around Sandy before suddenly everything broke apart.

A headache instantly assaulted Jake as he took in the environment of the subspace. He saw reality itself stretch and contract in impossible ways as concepts such as distance became nothing more than relative terms. Despite the headache, Jake held on as he vaguely felt himself and Sandy move. Despite the odd changed space, Sandy still managed to wiggle forward, as if swimming through a world that simply didn’t make any sense from Jake’s perspective.

For a moment, Jake considered releasing a Pulse of Perception but thought twice about doing that unless he wanted to knock himself out. He was curious, true, but not curious enough to potentially deal soul damage to himself by overloading his brain. The chances of it happening were low but still too high to entertain his vanity.

Instead, he contracted his sphere to relieve his headache, pulled out his cauldron, and went into the alchemy bubble Sandy had created for him. Well, alright, that Sandy had people from the Order create for Jake, but it was the thought that counts.

Jake had a lot of profession levels to go before he would catch up to his class, and while half a day, or even half a year, wouldn’t do much to close the gap, every little bit counted. Seeing as he was good on potions, Jake worked a bit on poisons, and the hours quickly passed as the trip to the moon, which Jake had expected to be a long endeavor was over before it had barely begun.

“Alright, we’re pretty close now,” Sandy said after what had only been ten and a half hours.

“How do you even know we’re close?” Jake questioned, as the outside world still didn’t make any sense to him as he expanded his sphere back out a bit.

“Because I’m smart.”

“Yeah, that doesn’t really answer anything… like, what’s the tell?” Jake kept pressing.

“Alright, alright. You know how when you’re swimming through the sand, all the sand looks identical, but if you get really close, no two pieces of sand are the same, and sometimes there’s even other stuff mixed in, like small bones, stones, and whatnot?”

“Sure, let’s say I do,” Jake just agreed.

“Well, it’s a bit like that. Big stuff is like bones and stuff within the sand, while space itself is like every little sand grain. It varies a bit, and when close to bigger stuff, like planets or the moon in this case, every grain is also a bit different. So, it’s just about feeling for that. When I then know I’m close to where I wanna go, I wiggle out, and boom, I’m right at where I wanna be,” Sandy explained in a very sandy way.

“I see,” Jake nodded, as he was pretty sure he got it, at least partly, even if it still didn’t make that much sense. It was honestly interesting how stuff like this worked. Sandy legitimately saw the world as filled with sand everywhere, and going into subspace like this was just diving into dense sand. Others could see the subspace entirely differently, maybe like being underwater, a dark void, a beam of light, or nearly anything else.

The result was the same, though. This conceptual understanding also explained how Sandy would get faster and better at locating stuff in the real world with time and levels. Speed would simply be how fast Sandy could swim through the sand, while the worm naturally also got better at sensing their environment, same as when they were a sand worm.

“Alright, here we go…” Sandy said as the world shifted once more, and Jake instantly knew they had returned to regular space. Expanding his sphere fully, he quickly confirmed this was indeed the case. A few moments later, the windows also reappeared as Jake looked outside.

Jake had to admit… space was pretty. It didn’t interest him as much as the celestial object below him, though. They were still floating a good distance above it, outside of the thin atmosphere of the moon. Or, wait, what had Arnold called it… an exosphere? Not quite an atmosphere, but something that strived to be one.

“Can you let me out?” Jake asked. “I assume whatever natural barrier protects the moon won’t pose a problem.”

“Yeah, it’s super weak,” Sandy agreed as Jake felt himself be sucked out of the stomach and he appeared in space.

The shock of the sudden transition was a bit disorientating, especially as he went from somewhere with a nice environment to the cold emptiness of space. However, he quickly adapted, his body more than powerful enough to float in space without any issues.

Being outside, he would also finally make full use of his Perception as he laid eyes on the moon below, and, from the get-go things were looking pretty positive as he spotted a creature shuffling around on the surface.

[Lunar Elemental - 258]

Jake reckoned this elemental was some variant of earth elementals infused with lunar energies. Not lucenti energies, mind you. The lucenti affinity was moonlight, a mix between the moon – or lunar – affinity, as well as the light affinity. Meanwhile, this elemental was just pure moon rock.

“You feel any natural treasures?” Jake asked. Should he be surprised he could speak normally in space? Maybe, but he really wasn’t.

“Hm, a few, but nothing major. At least not on the surface. I do get some responses from inside, though, but they’re oddly hard to sense. Oh, and on the other side of this thing, I also feel a higher energy level there,” Sandy answered, making Jake smile.

“It’s only fitting the dark side of the moon is the most dangerous and interesting part of it.”

In reality, it shouldn’t really be called the dark side, though. Arnold had referred to it as the far side of the moon, as while only one face of the moon ever pointed toward Earth, due to its orbit, the moon did have a day and night cycle, and all parts of the celestial object received sunlight at one point or another during its orbit around Earth.

This remained true even after the system arrived, though it did look like the far side had a higher energy density than Earth. Why this was, Jake naturally wasn’t sure, but he looked forward to finding out as he and Sandy quickly reached an agreement.

“Only losers stay on the light side of the moon,” the space worm said.

“Well, I sure ain’t a loser,” Jake smirked. He and Sandy began flying above the moon as they headed for the big space rock’s dark – or far – side, Jake hoping to find something worth hunting, while Sandy wanted to find something worth eating. Below, he kept an eye on everything that moved but, so far, had only spotted elementals, which was a bit of a bummer.

However, soon something changed.

Jake felt a shiver run down his back as he rapidly shifted his gaze and peered over the horizon. He felt something staring back at him, but it disappeared before he could see what it was. Nevertheless, his eyes opened wide as he felt the unquestionable presence of something he had never expected to feel so soon after returning to Earth.

B-grade.




***
Chapter 908: Dark(?) Side Of The Moon


***






Jake truthfully had never expected to encounter a B-grade on the moon. Further away from Earth around Jupiter or something? Maybe, but not so close to Earth that it was practically within striking distance. It didn’t make much sense to him either how a B-grade had appeared on the moon of all places.

He was ninety-nine point nine percent certain there wasn’t a single B-grade on Earth. The World Council had spent years hunting down or making contact with all sorts of beasts, and Arnold had sent drones out scouting to scan much of the underground world, with satellites covering much of what was above ground.

More than that, though… Jake didn’t feel like there were any B-grades, and if he trusted one thing, it was his own intuition.

By all accounts, the moon was far more barren and less energy-dense, but it did have some things going for it. Due to the thin exosphere, it got a lot of energy from space, and generally, high-level concepts tended to propagate as many of the usual ones, like wind, water, and nature, weren’t anywhere to be seen.

However, even with all of these, Jake only really had one good theory of how a B-grade had appeared, one he quickly shared with Sandy.

“I detected a-“

“B-grade,” Sandy quickly said. “I felt it, too. It’s gone now, though, and considering the fact we’re still flying in the direction that we saw it and how we can’t see it yet, I would guess it went underground.”

“Right,” Jake agreed. “Just to make sure, you also think it’s odd that there is a B-grade here, right?”

“A bit,” Sandy said. “Not that much, though. This moon is large enough to have a pretty powerful core but not large enough to have a fully formed Planetary Core, so it’s probably unprotected and open to exploitation. So, if any creature managed to take advantage, that would explain it. The creature would have to be a rather specialized one, though. So my guess is that this B-grade is the one who controls the core, or at least found some way to siphon its energy.”

Jake was surprised at Sandy’s insight, though he probably shouldn’t be. The worm had spent a good while in the Order studying under S-grades and even gods based on what he’d heard, and being a creature predominately made for space exploration, it made sense Sandy knew a lot about space and what one might find there.

“Would it be an issue if a creature is siphoning the energy from this moon core?” Jake questioned.

“Big depends on that one, as it’s entirely up to the method, and there isn’t really any way of knowing unless we go check more closely. Something I would definitely not recommend doing. Better to stay on the surface and the upper layers of the crust, as diving too deep might provoke it and make it think we’re trying to contest the core. I say that, but I’m just guessing, so don’t blame me if we get attacked the second we get too close to the moon,” Sandy explained.

“Yeah, let’s stick topside for now,” Jake agreed. Even if he maybe wanted to give the B-grade a shot, he wasn’t in a rush. Besides: “I didn’t feel any hostility when it spotted us, so I don’t think it will attack us out of nowhere. However, if it does, how confident are you in escaping?”

“I’m gonna be fine no matter what,” Sandy said in a casual tone. “Better worry about yourself.”

“Sure, sure,” Jake smiled. Even if the worm was a tad overconfident, that confidence was well-earned.

The two of them kept flying for a good while, and soon, they reached further onto the dark side of the moon, which was actually pretty well-illuminated right now as it was daytime. Not that the time of day mattered much to Jake and Sandy. Sandy didn’t have eyes, so they didn’t care about light, and Jake had too high Perception to let something like bad lighting or even total darkness bother him.

As they traveled, Jake kept an eye on the surface and every one of the many holes he found leading into the moon. There were a lot of large craters everywhere, too, with some of them even having meteorites within. Around these meteorites, elementals tended to propagate, and Jake even began to see other variants of elementals.

No signs of any biological life yet, though. He wasn’t sure if he should expect to see any, either. The chances of any kind of life appearing on the moon were incredibly small as it was just one big rock without any water or the conditions to facilitate-

Is that a fucking tree?

Jake’s eyes opened wide, as far in the distance, above the horizon, he saw what looked like a treetop. Not some crystal tree or anything like that either, but what could be easily confused for a pine tree. Except for the color, as it wasn’t green, but had more a very light blue color.

“Are you seeing what I’m seeing?”Jake asked Sandy.

“I literally don’t have eyes, so no, but I’m going to assume you mean the dense life energy in the distance,” Sandy answered. “Yeah, not going to lie, I wasn’t expecting that either.”

With an incredibly confused expression on his face, Jake picked up speed as he flew even faster than before. All throughout their flight, Sandy had passively helped by creating what was almost a tunnel in space, making them travel faster than expected by making it more of a vacuum, thus removing much of the usual friction that would slow them down.

After some time, they finally got close enough for Jake to have a proper look, and he saw it wasn’t just a single tree or even just a small gathering of trees. No, it was an entirely damn forest, and not a small one, either.

The further they got, the more forest they saw. Far below, Jake even saw the edge of the forest off to the side. Grass-like blue growths spread out to a certain point before it began to wilt and disappear. He also saw the curvature of how the grass grew, as he quickly understood that this forest was shaped like a circle, which had a pretty obvious implication.

“There is something at the core of this forest that caused the growth,” Jake said in a confident tone.

“Yeah, and I feel it,” Sandy said. “It’s… big. Not of super-duper high quality, but very big.”

Jake frowned as he wondered what it could be. An asteroid that had slammed into the moon filled with life-attuned energy? That did sound very sci-fi and very possible, if not probable. It could also just be that the system had decided to make a moon forest, but Jake doubted it.

As Jake was stuck in thought, something suddenly grabbed his attention below. Movement. With no wind, thus no swaying trees, any movement was notable, and after scanning more closely, he saw it. Between two trees, he could barely spot a creature moving about. It looked almost like a dog but had six limbs and a tail that was more than twice its entire body length, looking a lot like a whip.

Its entire body wasn’t made of flesh and blood but a mix of vines, bark, and stone. Like the trees and grass, it had a blueish color, and some of the vines running through its body had a slight glow to them. The creature’s entire body was around fifteen meters long, with the majority of that length coming from the tail. It moved rapidly through the land, and when Jake used Identify, he felt a tinge of excitement.

[Lunewood Stalker – lvl 316]

Whatever was going on here had led to the birth of some powerful creatures, as there was a good chance this random plant lifeform was at a higher level than nearly anything on Earth. As he kept scouting, he even noticed some more of them, proving this wasn’t just a rare creature but a staple of this biome.

“How big is the life-place?” Sandy asked after a bit.

“I can’t be sure,” Jake shook his head. “But it’s pretty fucking big. I would guess it covers nearly a third of this side of the moon based on what we’ve seen so far, and we’re only in the outer edges of the forest.”

“You know, I pretty much expected the moon to just be a big rock with some elementals on it, so this is a pleasant surprise,” Sandy said after a bit. “A lot more fun than moons without anything on it. Which is the majority.”

“For sure, for sure,” Jake nodded as he considered what their next move should be. They could keep flying deeper into the forest and aim for the center, or they could take a pitstop here in the outer area and get a better feel for the region. He had to remember that he wasn’t on this little adventure alone, though.

“What do you think we should do?” he decided to ask Sandy. “Stay here for a bit, or keep moving inwards?”

“I wouldn’t say no to taste-test whatever Lifecore those weird plant creatures got,” Sandy simply answered, which was enough for Jake as he smiled.

“Then let’s see how tough they are,” Jake said, pulling out his bow. Now, he did have the choice to shoot a Protean Arrow with all his usual bells and whistles, and chances are that would kill one of those Lunewood Stalkers outright, and even if it didn’t, it would cripple the thing.

But, rather than do that, Jake wanted to learn more about these odd creatures, so he decided to go for a more prolonged approach. One that did still include a powerful opening attack, but he wouldn’t use everything he had. Shit, to give the poor thing a chance, he wouldn’t even do his opening attack from stealth.

Taking a second to summon one, he nocked a Penetrating Arrow. Jake took aim for a lone Lunewood Stalker as he made sure he had a free line of sight. Arcane Powershot charged for a few seconds before Jake let go of the string, and an arcane explosion erupted in the sky above the moon. Sandy had already retreated away to give Jake space to have his fun.

Below, the Lunewood Stalker reacted the second it noticed the incoming attack. The ground around it erupted as a barrier of stone and vines shot up in defense, proving Jake’s decision to use a Penetrating Arrow the right choice as it pierced straight through and struck the creature, slamming it into the ground and sending a torrent of odd liquid flying up.

It’s not blood… but it seems to have a similar function. Interesting to see that in a plant-creature.

Jake quickly shot another arrow, not giving the monster any more time to rest than he needed to. Besides, it quickly recovered and managed to avoid the second arrow, seemingly on accident, though it did struggle when a rain of exploding arrows descended upon it a moment later.

Nevertheless, it broke through as it shot upward toward Jake. He was flying just inside the exosphere of the moon, many, many kilometers up, but the creature displayed some impressive speed as Jake felt another affinity at play.

Got some space magic in there, too, but seems to only be for movement.

While it flew for Jake, he kept bombarding the creature with arrows, dealing significant damage to it as parts of it exploded off left and right. Root-wrapped stone bullets also shot up toward him, and with the moon’s lower gravity, they easily made it all the way to him, even if he effortlessly dodged.

Jake smiled as the creature just tanked pretty much every arrow, as he had pretty high expectations of it… that’s until he noticed something. He had just put blood on his arrows so as to not overdo it with the poison, and with the creature poisoned, he could feel its internals, and to put it bluntly…

This is the shittiest late-tier C-grade I’ve ever seen.

Before the Lunewood Stalker even fully reached Jake, its momentum stopped, and it began falling down toward the moon before getting blasted by an arrow sending it tumbling down, with Jake getting a notification.

You have slain [Lunewood Stalker – lvl 316] – Bonus experience earned for killing an enemy above your level

“Well, that was disappointing,” Sandy said as the worm appeared beside Jake. “I can also feel the Lifecore now, and I don’t even need anyone to tell me it sucks, though it does have an odd flavor to it. So, you good with me eating it, right?”

“Sure,” Jake muttered as Sandy shot down, disappeared for a moment, and then reappeared to suck in the still-falling corpse of the Lunewood Stalker.

To say Jake was disappointed would be… pretty accurate, actually. It wasn’t as if he had super high expectations, but he still found the outcome worse than he thought it would be, even if he, after only one “fight,” understood why it was so weak.

The creature had no sapience at all. Shit, Jake wasn’t even sure it had enough to qualify as being called sentient. It had just charged toward him without making any defensive moves outside of trying to defend against the opening attack. It was full-aggro from the moment it noticed Jake till it died, in a death that didn’t accomplish anything.

A few moments later, Sandy reappeared beside him. “Hey, Jake, I noticed something about the corpse.”

“What is it?” Jake asked with interest.

“You see this?” Sandy said, spitting out what looked like a weird rock that he recognized as a Lifecore of sorts, though it looked… wrong. He tried to use Identify, but the answer didn’t really tell him anything of value.

[Lunewood Meteorite Fragment (Uncommon)] – A small fragment of a Lunewood Meteorite. Contains a polluted form of life energy. Unknown alchemical uses.

“Yeah, it looks thoroughly unimpressive, outside of the part about the polluted form of life energy, and that something being both wood and a meteorite at the same time doesn’t really make any sense,” Jake answered. At least he was pretty sure meteorites were made of rock and metals.

“It’s from a wood meteor,” Sandy said.

“I learned just now those are even a thing,” Jake muttered.

“Oh, alright, fair, that explains a lot. Anyway, I heard about these. Pretty much, they are meteors made of wood and filled with life that slowly morphs and changes as it flies through space until they crash into anything big and then spread whatever form of life energy was inside. I didn’t really listen during the part where the lady talked about where they come from; all I know is that this is definitely what we got here,” Sandy said.

“You learn something new every day, huh,” Jake muttered as he looked more closely at the core. “But what do you mean by the “that explains a lot,” part?”

“Just that it explains why you’re still so calm,” Sandy answered.

“… do I have a reason not to be calm?”

“Well, this Lunewood Stalker wasn’t really its own thing, but more just one branch of a big ecosystem that’s all connected, so when you kill one-”

Below, Jake saw more movement than ever before as more than thirty Lunewood Stalkers shot out of the forest, charging straight at Jake.

“- they all know and move to defend their territory and reclaim the meteorite fragment.”




***
Chapter 909: Lunewood Forest


***






”Good luck, have fun!” Sandy said before disappearing, leaving Jake with the Meteorite Fragment floating in front of him. He didn’t even bother putting it in his inventory or anything as he quickly nocked an arrow and turned his attention to the many charging Lunewood Stalkers.

Seeing no need to hold back, Arcane Awakening even activated at the stable 30%. Jake felt his body brimming with power as he released the first arrow rain down upon the many charging creatures who were all roughly the same level as the first Stalker. Another thing they had in common with the first Lunewood Stalker was that they didn’t even try to dodge but simply tanked the blow as parts of their bodies were torn off. However, with around thirty of them, this reckless strategy was far more viable, as Jake now also understood why the first one had acted as it did.

These creatures were indeed just one part of a whole. They were individual limbs of a greater lifeform and simply had no sense of self-preservation. For them to dodge would be the same as Jake making his arrows dodge the attacks of enemies… which he actually did pretty often by making them curve around, but that was beside the point and, at most, just a commentary on how the strategy of these Lunewood Stalkers could still be optimized.

The point is, individually, these Lunewood Stalkers weren’t valuable and were just defenders of the forest and life domain they came from. Attacking recklessly like this also tended to have a better chance of landing blows, as it would give the foe far less time to respond, even if the tradeoff was that you risked taking far more hits in return. The term “tended to” was used very deliberately in this case… as Jake just happened to be the exception to that rule, as few things ever had a good chance of landing blows, but less when they were as predictable as these Stalkers.

Arcane explosions lit up the skies above the moon, and Jake began to retreat as he kept shooting arrow after arrow. A constant barrage of attacks flew for him, forcing him to dodge all the time as the Lunewood Stalkers closed in ever-so-slowly. If Jake didn’t have to dodge ranged attacks, he could have outrun them pretty easily, and if he abandoned attacking, he definitely still could, but retreat wasn’t on the table. Not knowing how far they would chase, it was potentially even faster to just kill them all.

So, he upped his offenses and mixed in arcane bolts with his attacks, and before any of the stalkers even reached him, four were slain as their lifeless bodies fell toward the surface of the moon below… only for a giant space worm to swoop in and chomp them down before they could land, all while sending an encouraging message to Jake before disappearing again.

Right as the fifth one fell, the first Lunewood Stalker was also upon him. Jake dodged as the creature spun in mid-air, its tail whipping around as it cut through the, well, not air, but whatever existed within the thin exosphere of the moon.

After its initial attack missed, the Stalker tried to bite him with its thorn-filled mouth, as long vines erupted from all over its body, shooting forward to entangle Jake. Pulling out his katars, the vines were easily shredded as Jake closed in and landed a solid punch to the side of the Stalker’s head. He wanted to continue and attack the core directly, but two more Stalkers arrived right at that moment, making Jake use One Step to teleport away and pull out his bow again.

A barrage of exploding arrows created some more space as Jake blasted himself backward. A heavily injured Lunewood Stalker shot after him, and Jake’s eyes glowed for a moment as the creature flew past him, lifeless, as its already feeble and weak soul crumbled.

You have slain [Lunewood Stalker – lvl 309] – Bonus experience earned for killing an enemy above your level

Turning around, he released an Arcane Powershot, blasting away another Stalker while taking off two of its legs as he used One Step again to dodge two tail swipes from even more of the annoying plant creatures. His sphere expanded slightly as he made sure to keep an eye on all of them, every single Lunewood Stalker also hit with a Hunter’s Mark.

It wasn’t that hard to keep track of them, though. They didn’t attack with any strategy at all but just charged for him in a straight line. There weren’t even any attempts to surround or cut off his paths of retreat, making the fight far easier than it had any right to be.

One by one, he killed the Lunewood Stalkers, not taking any injuries himself. They simply weren’t fast or strong enough to pose a real threat, and shortly, the final creature had its midsection exploded by an arrow as it fell dead toward the moon.

The entire fight hadn’t even taken that long, as he methodically tore them apart. He also noticed that they seemed to grow a bit weaker the further they got away from the forest, just making things even easier.

Dispelling his boosting skill, Jake sighed as he hoped there would be better foes further inside the forest. While the levels of these Lunewood Stalkers were impressive, their power sure as hell was not. They were so weak that Jake doubted he even got any good experience from them. Disappointing was really the only emotion he felt toward them so far, and while they could offer the flavors of a horde battle if even more attacked him, Jake had always preferred singular powerful foes.

Oh well, at least Sandy had been eating well and made sure to snatch all of the corpses. The worm did spit them out again, though, only really caring about extracting those Lunewood Meteorite Fragments they all had. It effectively served as their cores, and during the fight, Jake noticed striking these cores did more damage than anywhere else, though he had been a bit afraid of accidentally breaking them.

“We should probably hide a bit,” Sandy said after the worm teleported back up to him.

“I don’t think we have to,” Jake said, as he didn’t detect anyone or anything coming for them. He had deliberately made sure to retreat away from what he had chosen to dub the Lunewood Forest to test out the detection range of whatever lived there, and it seemed like this was enough. The fact distance from the forest also made the Stalkers weaker had just been a happy bonus.

“Hm, does seem like we’re outside of the domain where we can be detected,” Sandy said. “I would guess that the second we reenter the forest, all the Meteorite Fragments will instantly give us away, and another attack will arrive to try and reclaim them. I doubt hiding the fragments in my stomach will be enough either.”

“An attack should we enter does seem probable,” Jake nodded in agreement. He didn’t have that much confidence in his stealth skill either when it came to hiding the fragments. If Sandy wasn’t confident, Jake sure as hell wasn’t. He did have one thing he wanted to try, though. “Let’s go down and land on the moon. I have one… no, two things I want to try.”

This tale has been unlawfully lifted without the author's consent. Report any appearances on Amazon.

Sandy agreed as the two of them flew down with impressive speed. Jake did kind of like how he could travel a lot faster in space, even without subspace nonsense. He could simply fly a lot faster and even near-constantly accelerate to a far higher top speed. Even his One Step range was significantly longer.

Due to that, he soon reached the surface of the moon. Stopping just before he landed, Jake stood a few centimeters off the ground as Sandy looked at him, confused. Jake cleared his throat and raised a foot as he did something he had wanted to do ever since arriving on the moon.

“One small step for man, one giant leap for mankind,” Jake said with a stupid grin on his face as he stepped down on the moon’s surface.

“I don’t get it,” Sandy commented, confused. “Also, wouldn’t it be a man and not just man? Your grammar is off.”

“Just let me have this moment,” Jake said, throwing a glance at Sandy.

“Fine… actually, let me give it a try,” the giant space worm sulked before seemingly getting an idea as they also floated down to be just a few meters off the surface.

“One small wiggle for worm!”

A big crash shook the local area as the giant worm crashed down.

“One giant wiggle for wormkind!”

Jake just stared at the worm as Sandy giggled. “I kind of get it now; that was fun.”

“Stealing my moment,” Jake muttered, as he decided to just move on to the actual reason he had wanted to touch down on the surface.

With his two awesome mythical boots solidly on the ground, their ability to detect natural earthbound treasures was activated… and it may just be because the moon was primarily rock, but he got a massive response. Closing his eyes to focus, Jake felt hundreds, no thousands of responses below the ground, and as he focused and infused even more power into his old leathery companions, he finally got enough reach to detect the center of the moon.

It was a massive response as he felt the core of the celestial object. Giving Planetary Cores rarities wouldn’t really make much sense, but it was unquestionable they contained an absolutely ridiculous amount of power. What’s more, they had the ability to produce mana, making them incredibly valuable and near-endless power sources. Jake couldn’t feel if anything was siphoning power off the core, but he could feel it and confirm it definitely had enough juice to give birth to a B-grade.

The second largest response came from the direction of the Lunewood Forest, and it wasn’t hard to guess this was the Wood Meteorite that Sandy talked about. The fragments of the meteorites within each Lunewood Stalker were about the size of a basketball, and based on the response, he felt that the true meteorite was far, far larger. He wouldn’t necessarily say that the size of the fragments had to proportionally correlate with power, though, as if that was true, the meteorite would likely have contained more power than the planetary core.

“You look like you’ve noticed something,” Sandy said.

“I more so just confirmed what we already theorized,” Jake answered as he opened his eyes. “I think you are right on the money with that Wood Meteorite thing, and I want to go confirm for myself, but before that… do you want those Meteorite Fragments? As in, do you need them?”

“No, not really,” Sandy confessed. “They are too polluted with lunar and other celestial energies. It’s a horrible mix that doesn’t go well with anything else, which is what tends to happen with these things. The life energy will evolve with time as the Wood Meteor flies through space, undergoing a constant evolution as what may as well be an entirely new form of life affinity is born once all is said and done. Not quite an arcane affinity, as it isn’t a cohesive fusion of concepts, but just an amalgamation that could theoretically be split apart by someone successfully talented or powerful enough.”

Jake nodded, once more impressed with Sandy’s insights, as he asked: “In that case, can I have them? And would it be fine if I end up effectively destroying them?”

“You can, but you do know that the moment one of them breaks, every single living being associated with the Lunewood Meteorite on this moon will know?” Sandy asked to make sure.

“That’s actually a very good point,” Jake frowned as he reconsidered.

“If you want to absorb the fragments or use the energies for something, I would suggest maybe seeing if it’s possible to merge them together or perhaps to return them to the Lunewood Meteorite? That way, you can absorb or use everything at once,” Sandy suggested.

“Fair enough,” Jake nodded along as he considered the plan he had begun to form in his mind. Sandy was correct that the life energy could indeed only be described as poluted. He had nothing to use it for alchemically, and the imbalance and the relative weakness of the Lunewood Stalkers compared to their level likely also had roots in the broken life affinity. In fact, the affinity contained way more raw power, hence the levels, than it had any right to. There was just no cohesion, leading to an ultimately shitty result.

“Say, what do people usually do when they notice a Wood Meteorite has crashed somewhere?” Jake asked.

“You like to ask a lot of questions where the answer depends on a lot of things. If the meteorite crashed in your backyard, better to get rid of it right away, as the corrupted life energy will try to keep spreading as much as it can. If it’s crashed somewhere far away from anything else, some people like to study it, before then getting rid of the Wood Meteorite before it can affect a too large area or become too dangerous. A third group keeps them around and cultivates them, as they are really good at spawning monsters, and if you regulate the environment properly, you even have pretty good control of the level of monsters there and turn them into training grounds. Some environments created by Wood Meteors even end up spawning unique and actually useful herbs within, so people keep those around. But, in the vast majority of cases, the end result is that it’s best to destroy the Wood Meteorite and get rid of the domain,” Sandy once more gave a lengthy explanation as Jake learned more neat space facts.

“So, if I say, want to eat the entire Wood Meteorite and kill the entire forest, there would be nothing wrong with it?” Jake asked.

“I would respect such wise eating habits,” Sandy said in a joking tone. “But I’m not sure if you can fit that Wood Meteorite in your mouth, though, I think it’s pretty big.”

“True, true,” Jake nodded. Even if he used Palate, he wasn’t sure he was able – or wanted – to eat it. But that wasn’t the only option. “I won’t be the one eating it, though. This bad boy will.”

Jake pulled out Eternal Hunger and tossed it up before catching it again. “Life energy is still life energy, and I’m sure this little one will enjoy it fully.”

That’s right, Jake’s idea was to get rid of this entire Lunewood Forest by absorbing it with Eternal Hunger. He even had a ritual in mind to do it and reckoned it would be a good way to get a few profession levels. Plus, based on what Sandy said, these kinds of Wood Meteories could be problematic if left alone, so wasn’t he doing a good thing?

While he couldn’t confirm it, he wouldn’t be surprised if this Lunewood Forest was expanding and, with time, would cover the entire surface of the moon. So, better nip it in the bud before it could get that far.

“Well, I wouldn’t say it’s a bad idea to get rid of the meteorite… though do still consider the presence of a B-grade. Pretty low chances the two of them aren’t connected in some way,” Sandy pointed out.

“True,” Jake nodded. “I will have to scout out the forest properly to find out.”

“In that case, I’ll hold unto these fragments in the meantime and go explore a bit myself. I don’t really care about anything in that forest; it all smells yucky anyway,” Sandy said in a disgusted tone.

“Fair enough,” Jake nodded as he and Sandy prepared to split up. “You know where to find me, right? I’ll also throw a Mark on you in case things go south.”

“Eh, if all else fails, I can just ask the Big Boss Hydra, or you can ask Big Boss Snake for help,” Sandy said in a casual tone.

“Not sure it’s considered normal to consider your Patron a walkie-talkie,” Jake grinned.

“I’m not,” Sandy defended themself. “A walkie-talkie would be far more effective.”

Shaking his head, Jake smiled. “In either case, see you around. I’m gonna go on a picnic inside the creepy polluted life forest filled with weird monsters that wanna kill me.”

“And I’m gonna go try and eat stuff inside the moon.”

Indeed, just another normal day in the life of a giant space worm and a human on adventure.




***
Chapter 910: Vipers & Hunters


***






It was quiet.

Too quiet.

No forest was meant to be like this in Jake’s opinion. There was no wind to rustle the leaves, no movements whatsoever anywhere to cause even the slightest song. No sign of any small wildlife hiding in the bushes or on top of the trees either, or the occasional sound of a bird chirping. It was just silence and stillness as if the forest was frozen over.

Jake walked through the blue forest as he took in the environment and felt just how corrupted the mana was all around him. No D-grade would be able to exist within the forest, and even weaker C-grades would find themselves negatively affected as the energy seeped into their bodies, corrupting them. Perhaps one would even turn into some kind of Lunewood creature if one spent too long there. He would almost compare it to an area hit by nuclear fallout, and he could only begin to imagine the devastation a Wood Meteor could cause if it ever struck down on Earth and remained unattended.

Then again, Jake wasn’t even sure a Wood Meteor would be able to enter Earth due to the powerful atmosphere. It definitely wouldn’t if they also added some additional barriers to empower the planet’s natural defenses, something he would need to talk to Miranda about doing when she was back from Nevermore. The thought that random objects from space like Wood Meteors existed that could fuck up a planet was definitely a newly unlocked fear for Jake.

Anyway, back to Jake, even without defending himself from the environment, he managed to remain unaffected as he made his way deeper and deeper into the forest under the cover of Unseen Hunter. He kept a lookout for any odd herbs or natural treasures born in the environment of the Lunewood Forest, but nothing really caught his eye, and what he did spot wasn’t anything he had any interest in using. The entire place really was a shithole, and Jake got the feeling that this particular Wood Meteorite was uniquely horrible.

At the very least, the brief time he had spent inside the forest only further strengthened his desire to get rid of the Wood Meteorite for good. Also, wouldn’t the moon just look too weird if it was filled with a blue forest? Yeah, it definitely would, so best to get rid of it before the forest could spread too far.

Getting deeper than ever, he spotted many more Lunewood Stalkers, all just doing… nothing. They looked like beasts but didn’t at all act like them. They were lying down but not even doing the beast-version of meditation, nor did they move to hunt anything. It felt more like their movements were robotic and pre-programmed to set patrol patterns. Entirely unnatural. A lot of them also just stood still like statues, with the only movement visible their pulsating vines filled with life energy.

Luckily, this did help with Jake not getting detected even if he walked right up to one. He did consider trying to give a Stalker a poke but reckoned that wouldn’t go well for him. Unless his definition of things going well was to fight another horde of Lunewood Stalkers, that is.

Maybe later, Jake told himself, as he kept running forward into the forest. Soon, he finally spotted something noteworthy: another creature.

It was a large monster standing on four legs, but not like a horse or dog would, but more like a spider. Its upper body was vaguely humanoid, as it had four arms, each holding wooden staves. It definitely gave off stronger vibes than the Stalkers, even if it was still a very low-tier creature.

Using Identify, he also confirmed its level was higher than most Stalkers, at least by a little.

[Lunewood Keeper– lvl 322]

There was also one other difference between these creatures and the Stalkers. These Keepers actually moved around and did stuff, casting some form of magic on the ground all the time and tending to the trees and other plants. The name Keeper was very apt, but seeing that a part of their skillset was clearly reserved for tending to the Lunewood Forest, Jake guessed these would only be on the level of the Stalkers when it came to combat, even if they did feel overall stronger.

Ignoring the creatures and continuing, Jake only now seemed to realize what kind of exploration trip he had dedicated himself to. If his guess was right, and the Lunewood Forest covered a massive part of the far side of the moon, it wouldn’t be fast to reach the center. It would take a few days, even if Jake hurried. Considering he also wanted to check out anything interesting he found on the way, it would likely end up taking an entire week.

Considering the long time he would just spend traveling…

“Is this inferior version of a walkie-talkie working?” Jake asked as he reached out to a certain snake god, who he was pretty sure had time. Despite Jake not reaching out as much, he knew Villy had an avatar or something watching at all times. Or, at the very least, he was aware of what Jake was doing, which should also mean he was free to take a call.

“Oh, so he does still want to talk to me from time to time,” Villy said in a mock-offended tone. “I thought you had forgotten all about the snake god on your shoulder with how little you’ve reached out recently.”

“In my defense, I blame this all on Nevermore. I spent fifty years being unable to contact you outside of a few city floors, and it takes a bit to get used to it again,” Jake answered. “Besides, I got another limbless, long-bodied companion I could ask about fun system trivia. It’s just unlucky for you. Sandy knew about Wood Meteorites.”

“I can’t believe I’ve been replaced by a worm,” the Viper sighed deeply. “At least it’s a unique and interesting worm who got quite a few things wrong during their little info dump.”

“Such as?”

“Now, where would the fun be in telling you that?” the Viper joked. “Not going to spoil the fun for you. That would be rude of me, wouldn’t it?”

Jake didn’t really want to argue that point, as it would indeed suck to just have everything told to him. It would be a lot more exciting to explore the Lunewood Forest and find interesting things himself. He did have one question, though.

“What are the chances of a Wood Meteor – objects I’m going to assume aren’t just flying everywhere all the time – crashing into the moon like this? As in, what are the chances the system planted it here directly? And if so, wouldn’t it be a massive risk to Earth if a B-grade is just chilling this close to the planet? A B-grade should be able to reach the Earth pretty damn quickly and effortlessly, so have we just gotten lucky it hasn't decided to make the trip yet?” Jake asked about some of the things that had been bothering him with this entire Lunewood situation.

“Oh, it’s undoubtedly by design that the moon turned out like this. A natural Wood Meteor wouldn’t have had any chance to mature in the brief time the ninety-third universe has existed. They tend to float around in space for at minimum a few hundred thousand years before they crash into anything or burn up in an atmosphere,” the Viper responded, making Jake nod along as he jumped from branch to branch.

Enjoying the story? Show your support by reading it on the official site.

“As for the threat this B-grade may pose to your little planet, I wouldn’t worry. It’s more than likely bound to the moon and unable to leave the celestial object until sometime in the future. This isn’t rare at all, and if you went further into space, I reckon you would encounter even god-level creatures who currently find themselves sealed to certain areas – a confinement that may be permanent, but that’s beside the point. My actual point is that while a B-grade this close to a planet could be a problem, it would only be one if the planet was too weak to give birth to its own B-grades. And I would personally be very disappointed if that was the case in your situation.”

“I see… that’s good to know,” Jake said with a bit of relief at hearing that the B-grade was likely restricted to being on the moon. Not only because he was afraid of the possibility of it deciding to attack Earth any day, but because it gave him more confidence to see if he could potentially make it prey.

Jake had considered what would happen if he tried to fight it and failed. Sure, maybe he and Sandy could escape, but what if it decided to chase them? Or it had some way to track them down after the fact, which would lead it straight to Earth?

Now, Jake wasn’t worried about that anymore, at least. So, a test-fight at minimum was definitely on the table.

“I should also inform you that the little Demon Prince you helped become a big boy Demon Lord has been making some waves back in the Fourth Hell. The King of the Fourth Hell has made him his new Chosen, and the other hells have also begun to show some interest, not just in the newly born Cerulean Demon Lord, but the one capable of pulling off a ritual to give birth to one,” the Malefic Viper continued, shifting the topic quite a bit.

“Can we use another term than giving birth? Feels hella weird when you say it like that,” Jake muttered. “But, hey, happy to hear he is doing well for himself. Will the fact that more demons are now also looking curiously at me change anything?”

“No, not really. Your prior actions already gave birth to a lot of interest in your abilities, and all the ritual did was confirm some of the possibilities behind your ability. There was doubt if you could only birth new creatures like with the Vespernat Hive Queen, but now you’ve birthed the idea that you can also assist pre-existing beings in experiencing a rebirth of sorts. The only thing I could realistically see happening was them throwing more succubi at you, who no doubt would be more than happy to take the job of giving birth off your hands if you catch my drift,” Villy said, clearly teasing his poor Chosen.

“This is bullying, and I will have you reported to the Humanoid Resource department,” Jake shot back.

“Then I’ll begin to release recordings of your most embarrassing moments,” the god said in an evil voice. “Remember, perfect memory. So good that anything I’ve seen I can perfectly recreate a recording of to share with all.”

“So now you’ve switched to blackmail and intimidating witnesses…”

“Some would argue I am not the most moral of snakes,” Villy continued in a sinister tone.

The two of them kept chatting, Jake gladly using the god to help pass the time. It was a bit like making a phone call in the car on your way home from work. It just made it feel like the trip wasn’t as long as it actually was.

They covered a lot of topics, and the Viper helped get him caught up on some multiversal politics and stuff. Jake also learned that a few of the people who placed well in Nevermore who didn’t belong to any large factions had begun to find new homes. One example was the weird sloth-like creature that had been sleeping under a table during the entire get-together and had ended up joining the United Tribes. It was not really a big shocker that one.

What was surprising was that the elemental called Wintermaul, that placed right after Jake and Ell’Hakan, had ended up going to the Altmar Empire. Why an ice elemental wanted to join the largest elven empire, Jake really couldn’t figure out, and Villy refused to offer his own theories.

There were a few other notable bits of information, but honestly, most of Jake and Villy’s talk was just shooting the shit. They even ended up discussing the controversial ending of a certain movie Jake had watched shortly before the system arrived, Villy having seen it through his divine Wikipedia skill.

On the way through the forest, Jake also ended up encountering two new types of Lunewood creatures. One was a floating vine-wrapped stone elemental known as a Lunewood Elemental. The stones were covered in glowing blue runes, and on the power scale, they ranked above anything else he had seen before. Not by much, though, and the “job” of this particular elemental seemed to be similar to what the Keeper did in that it helped maintain the forest.

Finally, there was a creature that made Jake chuckle. It was a large snake-like creature made up entirely of pulsating blue vines, and the reason Jake chuckled wasn’t because of its appearance but its name.

[Lunewood Viper – lvl 326]

“Look, Villy, I found your brother!” Jake joked while chuckling. “Or did you also give birth to something without telling me about it?”

“You do know I don’t have a monopoly on the name viper, right? It’s a type of snake. Plenty of vipers out there entirely unrelated to me, outside of how my Records may have affected them. Also, this isn’t even a real snake but just an overgrown vine,” Villy said defensively.

“The lengths one will go to to hide their shame,” Jake shook his head. “Maybe this is what a real viper is, and you’re the fake kind? Ever thought of that?”

“Wow… you’re right,” the Viper said in a mocking tone. “How could I have been so blind all along? Or, perhaps, have you just failed to realize I have just been a random long vine all along?”

“Truly, the plot twist that will shake the multiverse,” Jake grinned as he continued his journey.

It felt good talking to Villy again like this, and Jake had genuinely missed it during his time in Nevermore. True, he had been able to talk to his four party members then, but it just wasn’t the same. While he was rather open with them, he still had to keep a lot of secrets from them, while with Villy, the snake god already knew most of Jake’s bigger secrets about his Bloodline. That just made everything far more relaxed.

Days passed with Jake getting closer and closer to the center of the forest. One of the reasons he was running through the forest and not flying above it was to keep his feet on the ground to feel for natural treasures, but it also helped him be aware of the exact location of what he assumed was the Wood Meteorite.

And, sure enough, when he used a Pulse of Perception, he finally saw it. The meteorite was more than ten stories tall and had an almost entirely spherical form with spikes all over it. Around it were thousands of Lunewood creatures, including four of a kind he hadn’t seen before.

He didn’t need to closely inspect these ones at the meteorite, though, as he saw another one not that far away from him. Getting closer to it, he soon got a clear line of sight to inspect the creature. It was a tall, lanky, humanoid creature with two arms and two legs, along with a head that was eighty percent eyeball. As in, it looked like a cyclops with an eye that was way too big. It had to be said that the eye looked like it was made of stone, though, so Jake wasn’t even sure if it was a weak spot. In its arms, it wielded what appeared to be a sling of vines, giving Jake the impression it specialized in ranged attacks.

Using Identify, the name of the creature surprised Jake, as Villy couldn’t hold himself back.

[Lunewood Hunter – lvl 334]

“Well, well, well. What do we have here? The true form of what a hunter is supposed to be? Oh, isn’t that a sling? How perfect for a hunter, way better than some silly little bow!” the Viper teased Jake back for his own teasing earlier.

“At least this hunter is way better than that stupid viper before,” Jake shot back, with the Viper not answering again, as if he had seen coming what would happen next.

Because, hey, at least there was one good thing about this Lunewood Hunter… compared to all the other Lunewood creatures he had seen, it was far more impressive. More than that, it was clearly specialized in hunting down those who managed to reach this deep into the forest, making it a purely combat-oriented creature.

As a hunter, it naturally also showed one other impressive trait that Jake soon learned as he felt the eye of the hunter land upon him:

High Perception.




***
Chapter 911: Ghostvine


***






For a moment, Jake and the Lunewood Hunter made eye contact. Jake knew it could see him through his stealth immediately as he prepared himself mentally for what was to come. However, even after a solid second, the Hunter just kept observing him without making any aggressive moves.

Frowning, Jake tried to step to the side as its gaze followed him. Was it looking for an opening or something? Its actions didn’t make any sense at all. Even when Jake began walking, it just kept looking at him.

When he tried to pick up speed, the Hunter finally moved but still did not attack him. It just followed Jake as he made his way further into the forest, confused as hell. The Hunter even kept the same distance from Jake, its eye never leaving his body for a split second as it ran after him. He had already cut off his conversation with Villy, but now he seriously considered asking if this Hunter was broken.

Something definitely felt off, and Jake released a Pulse of Perception to scan his immediate area and instantly saw that three more Hunters were making their way toward him, all coming from the direction of the Wood Meteorite.

Is it not attacking because it judged it can’t beat me alone and is waiting for backup? Jake questioned as he once again prepared himself for a fight.

Yet when the three Hunters arrived, they proceeded to just join the first one in looking at him. It was honestly eerie as fuck, having four large creatures made of vines and stone constantly just stare at you without doing anything. They even stood entirely still when Jake didn’t move, only adding to the creepiness.

Deciding to just say fuck it, Jake proceeded toward his target. The four Hunters followed along as Jake got closer and closer to the Wood Meteorite and the army that surrounded it. While he wasn’t confident in beating them, he was confident in escaping should things go south, as while the Hunters were the strongest Lunewood creatures he had seen, they were still low-tier.

Soon enough, he reached the Wood Meteorite. Jake entered a large clearing created from the impact crater of the Wood Meteorite, finally laying eyes on the thing. It honestly looked a bit like a spherical spiky pinecone, except it was utterly massive and pulsating with power, as blueish veins covered the entire meteorite.

Through his sphere and with another Pulse, he also saw how extremely long vines extended down from the Wood Meteorite, piercing many kilometers into the moon. These vines spread like the roots of a tree in the immediate area, but they primarily reached downward in a pretty straight line, going directly for the core as far as Jake could see.

Yet he didn’t feel as if the Wood Meteorite was actually siphoning any energy out of the core, making him guess it hadn’t reached it yet. Even if it did, Jake wasn’t sure it would be capable of absorbing anything, as the moon’s core remained a lot more powerful than this meteorite.

Checking with the four Hunters, who had now been joined by five more who had been chilling around the Wood Meteorite, Jake saw the nine of them still didn’t seem interested in attacking. To check further, Jake floated into the air as he made his way toward the meteorite, but even as he approached, they didn’t make any moves.

They clearly knew he didn’t fit there, and yet they didn’t see him as an enemy for some reason. It didn’t make any sense at all. Was it that they didn’t judge him a threat? Or because he hadn’t attacked them or destroyed anything yet? Or were they broken somehow? They hadn’t even alerted all the other Lunewood creatures to his presence, and Jake felt that it was only the Hunters who even knew he was there due to the peculiar nature of Unseen Hunter.

Once more, trying to ignore them, Jake studied the Wood Meteorite more closely as he flew right up to it. He felt it pulsating with energy, sending waves of its corrupted life energy into the world. This energy also tried to affect him, but he had made sure to cover his body in a few layers of stable arcane mana to ensure his own safety.

Reaching out, Jake touched one of the spikes of the meteorite. The moment he did, he felt a pulse of energy enter his body, but more than just energy; it carried some kind of… desire. Jake felt something go for his soul, as he allowed just a little bit in to understand what was going on. He felt as if he heard a faint whisper telling him to accept it.

The spike Jake was touching then broke off, and he knew what it wanted him to do. It wanted him to take it and absorb it into his body, allowing the Lunewood energy to take over his body and become one with the forest like all the other creatures there.

No… more than that.

It wanted him to become the Lunewood Forest. To merge with the meteorite and be its host. Perhaps it instinctively understood its own shortcomings, and it wanted something to help control it and grow. Jake wasn’t sure why, but it seemed to believe he was a good option to make that happen.

Jake was confused, though. Why did it need him? Sandy hadn’t mentioned anything like this. According to the worm, these Moon Meteorites didn’t have any ego or control at all but were more like a natural force only seeking to expand, and-

It was wilting.

He finally remembered. At the edges of the Lunewood Forest, it wasn’t expanding, but the grass was wilting. That’s also when Jake understood why it wanted him. A Wood Meteorite only sought to spread its affinity and grow, but this one was broken, and it needed something. That something being Jake.

Needlessly to say, that wasn’t anything it could have.

Jake let go of the meteorite that had broken off and let it rest on top of another part of the meteorite. Once more, a pulse of energy was released, and Jake felt a rudimentary soul attack that once more tried to compel him.

Shaking his head, Jake turned as he looked at the nine Lunewood Hunters who still stared at him. He still didn’t feel any traces of hostility, even as he walked away from the meteorite. They just kept staring creepily, even as Jake began to explore the rest of the crater, finding many smaller Meteorite Fragments he assumed were from slain Lunewood creatures.

There were a lot of them. Thousands, at least, meaning something had killed them, right? Or was this the fragments it made new creatures from? As Jake was thinking this, he saw something in his sphere. A Stalker was approaching him, walking with steady steps.

Turning, Jake was prepared for it to do something, but all it did was jump on top of the pile of Meteorite Fragments. The second it did, its entire body wilted away in seconds, making another fragment fall atop the pile.

”It’s losing energy,” Jake spoke out loud with a serious look on his face. The forest was already dying by itself for some reason.

One thing was for certain, something very weird was happening on the moon.

Something that was further confirmed after Jake had spent an hour or so inspecting the crater while considering how he would put down a ritual when he received a message from Sandy, passed along by the Viper, saying just one word:

”Run.”

Sandy wiggled their way through the many tunnels leading deep into the moon. Using the awesome spatial senses that only a worm as awesome as Sandy could have, they quickly realized the quickest way toward the center of the celestial object. It wasn’t even that complicated, as there was what looked like a deep shaft that led most of the way there, just large enough to fit a growing worm.

Getting further and further down, Sandy made a few stops to gobble up something tasty. There were only a few weak elementals here and there, all way too slow for Sandy. Many of the snacks weren’t even that tasty, but they were different and worth a try. Variety is the spice of life, after all.

Days passed, with Sandy getting closer to the core. It was a bit odd, but in the cases of most planets or even larger celestial objects like the moon, the core wasn’t some large super-dense area of pure molten lava and metal. Instead, it was a vast open space with a relatively small spherical metal ball floating in the middle.

True, sometimes the temperature was really high in the core room or chamber, or whatever one called it, making the room far from a healthy environment. Not that it bothered Sandy much the times the worm had seen other Planetary Cores. None of the weird phenomena that could happen close to a planet’s core ever really bothered Sandy before. However, as Sandy got closer to this core, there was something really annoying.

Because, while Sandy wasn’t an alchemist like Jake, the worm was pretty sure large vines weren’t supposed to grow this deep underground. What’s more, all the vines felt really weird. Like, they had the same aura, but one that felt a bit different than the Lunewood stuff above. It was clearly still related to the Wood Meteor, as they looked the same, but something was definitely different.

It didn’t take Sandy long to get close to the center of the moon, where the worm quickly went straight for the core. It was super easy to feel where it was, as it gave off a powerful response from Sandy’s treasure-sensing skills.

The odd vines also only multiplied in number and looked even weirder the more Sandy saw. Some of them went through solid rock but didn’t penetrate it. No, it was more like they phased through the rock as if they were ethereal.

These vines didn’t move around or do anything, though Sandy was on watch, being careful. There was no doubt in Sandy’s mind that these vines were related to the B-grade, so caution was key. Even if the B-grade hadn’t shown any aggressiveness yet.

Passing through a few more tunnels, Sandy finally entered the large open space that also contained the core. However, rather than see a core, Sandy saw a giant mass of vines where the core was supposed to be, with the actual core likely within.

The space containing the core was many kilometers in diameter, yet Sandy felt that the environment was oppressive. The cause of this wasn’t hard either, and a moment later, the being revealed itself.

Energies gathered to form a ghostly shade of sorts that regarded Sandy as it sent a powerful telepathic message filled with… a lot of things. It wasn’t really words but more a collection of images, emotions, and what Sandy could vaguely interpret as words, with the shade asking just one question:

”Why are you here?”

One Sandy could naturally easily answer.

”I’m here to explore,” the worm responded in a neutral tone, as Sandy tried to be as non-threatening as possible. ”Not going to bother you at all.”

There was no response for several moments. This gave the worm some time to take in the entire core room and detect everything there. It didn’t take long to figure things out.

Sandy was a smart worm. So Sandy quickly realized, as they expanded their senses and felt the traces of what had once been a great natural treasure inside the core room. One provided directly by the system, not unlike the ones Sandy had consumed during their younger days, albeit far, far more potent. With this and everything else, Sandy put together what had happened.

The Lunewood Meteorite had begun to spread all over the planet, and its vine-like roots had drilled into the ground, seeking out the greatest energy source available: the core. It had succeeded most of the way, as it had likely sent some of its creatures down to clear out elementals and stuff in the way.

Then, one day, a Lunewood creature reached the core room and absorbed that special system-provided item, for it to then evolve into what Sandy was currently seeing. Sandy also vaguely felt the concept of death in the air, so it was even likely the creature had died and been brought back to life. Maybe it had been cut off by the Wood Meteorite once it began to change, thus dying? There were many potential explanations, but Sandy was pretty certain they had reached the right one for the most part.

As Sandy had just brilliantly deduced what was going on, the creature spoke again, the message far more coherent and simple this time around:

”Leave.”

”Alright, alright,” Sandy said, remaining calm. ”I didn’t mean to intrude, I was just curious, and I’ll be on my way,”

Yep, definitely no reason to annoy the B-grade creature that Sandy didn’t at all understand. It was some weird undead creature that somehow still gave off eerie life energy. What’s more, Sandy hadn’t even found anything they could Identify yet. It didn’t work on the core or the weird ghostly thing that honestly looked a bit like a large floating carpet.

”Leave,” the message echoed again.

”Going!” Sandy responded as they turned around and began flying toward the exit of the core room.

 ”Leave… now.”

Sandy got a bad feeling and picked up more speed as-

”LEAVE NOW!”

The telepathic message itself carried so much malice that Sandy temporarily froze up as vines flew out of all the walls, seemingly summoned out of nowhere. Reacting quickly, the worm teleported forward to avoid them as more vines moved to block the worm off, making Sandy curse.

”Did you want me to leave or not!”

There was no answer, as a massive vine was summoned out of a wall, slamming into Sandy’s side, sending the giant worm reeling as they were blasted away. While flying, Sandy did two things… finally managed to land an Identify and sent a message to their Patron to be passed along to Jake.

[Ghostvine Sovereign – lvl ???]

He had to get away… because there was no way they could fight this thing. Sandy felt the blood run down their side as the worm’s thick skin had been sliced open, and powerful energies of death were seeping in.

This isn’t good.

Jake reacted instantly, despite not having any sense of danger yet, as he flew into the air. This proved to be a good decision, as only a moment later, he felt it. An aura washed over him as if something had spread out its presence to where he was.

He saw the Wood Meteorite practically shiver as all the Lunewood Hunters, for the first time, diverted their gazes from him as they instead stared at the ground. Jake released a Pulse of Perception, trying to feel for what was coming, but there was nothing but an odd energy permeating this area of the moon, and nothing that should-

Suddenly, a vine shot out of the ground below, aimed straight at Jake. His eyes opened wide, as he barely managed to dodge due to the forewarning from his danger sense. The vine extended many kilometers out from the moon and swung as it tried to whip Jake again.

That’s when the Lunewood creatures made their move. All of them moved at once, attacking the vine with all they had, the hunters throwing stones infused with energy, with the thousands of Stalkers, Keepers, and Vipers also attacking.

The response from whatever the fuck attacked Jake was to release another dozen vines, all seemingly summoned out of nowhere. They just sprung up from the moon despite seemingly not coming from anywhere. It was like they had just been stuck onto the moon’s surface, only attached with a bit of energy.

These new vines didn’t attack Jake, but instead, they attacked some of the Lunewood creatures. Jake saw how the vines whipped a Stalker, leaving a deep gash… that then began to rot, as Jake felt the unquestionable concept of death within the attack.

With a single whip, the stalker wilted away, dying. Jake was alarmed as he’d stopped mid-air. Something that proved to be a bit decision, as that had only led to the continued ire of what he was now certain was the B-grade.

The presence all around him intensified as Jake felt a shiver run down his spine. Below, the Lunewood creatures were getting slaughtered, but they did manage to tear apart many of the vines. But as the atmosphere intensified, they all froze up, and Jake’s eyes opened wide.

A wave of energy washed over him as the moon’s surface erupted with vines, as far as he could see. Thousands… no, tens of thousands of vines shot up from the moon, seemingly not targeting anything or anyone in particular.

Then, right below Jake, floating just above the treetops of the Lunewood Forest, mana gathered as a giant eye dozens of kilometers in diameter formed, staring straight at Jake as it sent a powerful telepathic message slamming into Jake’s head and making him reel backward.

”Begone!”

Jake didn’t hesitate as he used One Step to repeatedly teleport upwards as vines chased after him. Once he got far enough up, they stopped chasing, but Jake still kept going as he wanted as much distance as possible. Many thoughts ran through his mind, but one more than any other:

What was happening with Sandy? He still had a Mark on the worm, and he felt that they were still deep down inside the moon and-

It disappeared… and he instantly knew:

Sandy had died.




***
Chapter 912: Not An Egg


***






Jake’s mind went blank for a moment as the realization sunk in. Yet what he had expected to follow next never came. There was no anger or desire for revenge… just a belief that he had to get the fuck away from the moon as fast as humanly possible.

Anything capable of killing Sandy wasn’t something Jake was confident in facing, and just feeling the aura from the thousands of vines extended up from the surface of the moon, Jake knew that this wasn’t just some weak low-tier B-grade. It was already quite a few levels into B-grade and a powerful variant on top of that. The mere fact it had a range extending all the way from the center of the moon to the surface was proof enough of that.

Luckily, it didn’t seem to attack him as he flew away. The eye had also faded away, and all the vines began to retract back into the ground, leaving a battered Lunewood Forest behind. Many rotting spots were left where the vines had shot up from, and hundreds of Lunewood creatures had died. For some reason, the B-grade didn’t seem to care about the forest at all, and it had more or less just been collateral damage while trying to get Jake to leave.

Speeding up his flight, Jake just went further and further into empty space. He didn’t have any particular direction he was flying in, he just wanted to make sure he was out of range from any potential attacks that could reach beyond the moon. Only when he was many thousand kilometers away from the exit of the moon’s exosphere did Jake slow down before he stopped and had a while to think. And the first thought he had was to reach out to someone who had to know what had happened.

“Villy, what the fuck happened to Sandy? I felt the Mark disappear, and I think they died, but-“

“Sandy did die,” the Viper just answered in a casual tone.

Jake’s mind went blank a bit again before he quickly gathered his thoughts. “Then why am I not-“

Suddenly, Jake stopped as he felt his spatial necklace act odd, as if something wanted to break out.

“I think you’ll find the answer is quite obvious,” Villy commented, still clearly unbothered.

Things within the moon had not gone as planned for everyone’s favorite Cosmic Genesis Worm.

Sandy had met their fair share of powerful beings while traveling around the multiverse and eating stuff, and sometimes, one naturally gets into trouble when eating the tasty snacks of others. Yet, this was definitely in the top two for most dangerous situations Sandy had ever gotten themselves into.

The wound on the worm’s side was already rotting, and more vines were closing in as the Ghostvine kept sending those nonsensical telepathic packages, yelling at Sandy to leave while not giving the poor worm any chance to actually do so. Sometimes, a worm had to be decisive, so Sandy steeled themselves and didn’t think twice before doing what had to be done:

“Begin operation clean up and consolidate! Go, go, go!” Sandy yelled to all the people and creatures in their internal worlds – also known as all the different stomachs - as Sandy opened gateways between all of them. They also quickly tried to spit out the Lunewood Meteorite Fragments hoping they were the cause of the aggression, but it didn’t make the attack stop.

A dozen vines closed in as Sandy shifted in space, teleporting out of the way. Entering Sandy’s Sand World wasn’t possible with space this unstable – the place not really made for fleeing either. It was made for traveling, first and foremost.

Sandy did have other defensive means, though.

Hardening the cosmic dust, Sandy slowed down all the vines, going for the worm. At the same time, the wound was rapidly healing as space shifted, launching Sandy toward the tunnel the worm had entered the core chamber from. Vines moved to block the worm, but with Sandy’s intense momentum, they managed to slip through, entering the tunnel.

Yet it wasn’t enough, as more vines just appeared, seemingly out of nowhere. They just popped into existence without any rhyme, reason, or warning. It was as if the entire moon was part of the Ghostvine’s body, which probably wasn’t that far off.

The Ghostvine had integrated itself with the moon’s core, after all.

Sandy kept going through the tunnels, teleporting, dodging, and blocking vines, but they just kept coming. A few managed to slip through, leaving nasty wounds all over the worm’s body and eating away at Sandy’s vital energies.

It definitely didn’t help that Sandy had practically trapped themselves within the belly of the beast. To escape and do long-range teleports, Sandy needed to get out of the vast tunnel network of the moon and into open space, but there was just so far.

Too far.

So, rather than escape, the name of the game was dragging things out as long as possible to give Tom and the others enough time to get everything prepared. Thus, Sandy did their best, as the wounds got worse and worse, and Sandy knew that death was inevitable.

Luckily, before death came, Sandy got the confirmation they needed.

“We’re done.”

Sandy didn’t hesitate as they turned around and flew at full speed back toward the core chamber. The Ghostvine wasn’t ready for this, allowing Sandy to get pretty damn close before too many vines impeded their path, and a dozen wrapped around the worm’s body, crushing it.

“You win this one, stupid vine!” Sandy telepathically yelled as the worm mobilized the rest of the energy in their body. “But I’ll be back!”

Sandy’s body began to glow in a silvery light until suddenly, the worm was just gone… a faint mark left behind in space-time that even Jake wouldn’t be able to detect.

Jake’s spatial necklace was giving off an alarming response, and his eyes opened wide as he felt as if it was about to burst. He didn’t hesitate as he pulled out the item that was acting up. Jake had already realized by now what it was, as the egg that Sandy kept insisting wasn’t an egg appeared. However, rather than just looking like a weird rock, it was now glowing and filled with complicated runes far more complicated than Jake could comprehend.

Soon, the egg cracked as it leaked intense waves of energy that washed over Jake. Space itself shuddered before Jake saw a familiar tail pop out of the bottom of the egg. Then, the entire thing exploded, as a worm only half a meter across appeared before rapidly expanding in size as a full Cosmic Genesis Worm was born… or reborn?

“I LIVE!” Sandy’s voice echoed out as the worm wiggled in excitement - a feeling of excitement that quickly died down as the worm turned to look at Jake solemnly. “I think we should postpone moon exploration for a while…”

Jake just stared at the worm for a moment as he blurbed out the first thing on his mind:

“Are you okay?”

“Okay is a relative term,” Sandy said in a sad tone. “I feel like crap, and just existing hurts right now. I’m also super weak, so please don’t make me do anything for a while, okay?”

“Alright,” Jake said with some concern as he was silent for a dozen seconds, just allowing the worm to wriggle back and forth a bit, getting used to being alive. “I take it this is the backlash from that second life skill?”

“Yep,” Sandy said, rolling over in space to lay with the stomach up. “My poor tummy.”

That’s when Jake realized… what happened to everything Sandy had eaten? More importantly, what happened to the people?

“What happened to what was in your many stomachs? Such as the dietitian?” Jake asked, now back to being fully concerned.

“They’re all fine,” Sandy said calmly.

“Oh, good,” Jake sighed in relief as he would have felt a lot worse if he had inadvertently got a few random people killed. “So I take it your internal stomachs aren’t negatively affected when reborn?”

“They super much are negatively affected. I have to limit everything to two stomachs for the skill, with everything not inside them getting consumed. It was only one stomach a while ago when I was reborn, but I got it up to two now, but it’s still far from enough! It’s pretty hard to put everything into two stomachs only, especially when each has its own environment that I spent time cultivating. Heck, it’s impossible to do. Now all of those fun biomes are gone, and I have to start over,” Sandy explained in a sad and annoyed tone. “But, together with the people in there, such as Tom and that dietitian that was forced upon me, I can gather everything and everyone important in the two stomachs I keep to at least make the losses not as worse as they could be. Again, it’s not perfect… as an example, that alchemy lab you got? Yeah, that’s gone.”

“I see,” Jake muttered. “That’s a big sacrifice but a cheap price to pay for a second life in the grand scheme of things.

“Easy for you to say. Gonna be a pain to get everything back to what it was. Not to mention the literal pain of having the majority of your stomachs implode. Gotta wait for everything before I’ll feel whole again,” Sandy complained.

“How long do you reckon it will take?” Jake asked with a frown.

“Depends. If I do nothing… a long time. If I eat stuff to help replenish my energy, not as long. I have some stuff already in my emergency rations to speed things up, but even if everything goes well, it will take me a few months at least,” Sandy answered.

“Just say if there’s anything I can do to help,” Jake sighed. He felt pretty damn bad about having dragged Sandy all the way to the moon only for this to happen. From the looks of it, the worm hadn’t even gotten anything out of the trip. Meanwhile, Jake had, at the very least, collected a cool-looking rock to bring back to his nephew... yeah, it had been a sucky trip overall.

“It’s fine for now, I don’t need anything from you,” Sandy surprisingly rejected Jake’s offer of food. “Because that’s the second thing that sucks right now. I can’t even eat a lot before I full super stuffed, as, you know, the vast majority of my stomachs just imploded. Who would have thought that had an adverse effect on appetite?”

“Alright, alright,” Jake nodded as he tried to lighten the mood. “You know, now I understand why you said you would be fine no matter what. That skill is the one you got from the True Blessing of the Lord Protector, right? I must say, it makes me a bit jealous that you have a skill that makes you impossible to kill. Meanwhile, I just got a skill primarily designed to fuck with people trying to use Identify on me.”

“Rude,” the Malefic Viper interjected, as Jake entirely ignored him.

“Eh, it’s overpowered for sure, but I can’t say its perfect. Big Boss Hydra did warn me of some potential flaws. Some skills will allow whatever killed me to still track me down while I’m weakened, and certain attacks can leave bad lingering effects even a rebirth can’t fix. Too bad soul damage and curses are two examples of this that the Big Boss pointed out. Then, there is, of course, karmic magic, which can outright block the rebirth or even tap into the power from the skill to attack me even after the fact. There are other means of blocking off my ability to be reborn, too, but they are super rare, and I am working on counters to all of them,” Sandy explained willingly.

“Are you sure it’s a good idea to share all the weaknesses of what’s arguably your biggest trump card with others? Even if it’s me?” Jake asked, shaking his head in disbelief.

“Oh, no, it’s a stupid thing to do, but I reckon if I want you to carry around one of my egg things, it’s only polite to tell you... oh yeah, that gets me to one of the other drawbacks. I need the egg things to do my rebirth trick, so if the final one breaks or is lost or something, I’m screwed. Also, I can’t control which one I use; it’s always the closest,” Sandy continued, over-explaining their abilities with a sigh. “So, anyway, I will need to reconstruct the egg, which takes a lot of stuff I could have eaten instead, so that sucks. And all of that comes after I heal my stomachs. It all just takes so much time and energy to do… dying is a real bummer, you know?”

“From the times I’ve tried it, death indeed has been wholly unpleasant,” Jake answered honestly, remembering the Challenge Dungeons in Nevermore, especially the Colosseum of Mortals and his strategy of just throwing lives at Valdemar.

“Right?” Sandy agreed. “I think we should both strive to not die as much.”

The two of them fell silent for a while as Sandy slowly got back their bearings. It would take a bit for the worm to feel well enough to move, and Jake didn’t want to disturb Sandy while that happened.

While Jake had asked some questions about Sandy’s skill, he still had no idea how it worked. Not really. Sure, he knew what it did, but the fundamental concepts behind it were a massive mystery to him. He also reckoned there was more to it than Sandy said. Especially seeing as there wasn’t just one egg but multiple, giving Sandy more than one extra life.

If there wasn’t more to it than met the eye, why wouldn’t all gods give their Chosen a skill like this? Having a Chosen was a risk, and a skill like this would heavily alleviate that risk. Jake wanted to ask Villy, but decided to postpone that conversation for later.

After a bit of time had passed, Sandy spoke again:

“The thing inside the moon is something called a Ghostvine Sovereign,” the worm said. “Ever heard about one before?”

Jake frowned as he rummaged through his memory before he shook his head. “No, can’t say I have, but the name is pretty telling in its own right. Plus, anything with Sovereign in its name makes me assume it can’t be weak.”

“It definitely isn’t. What’s more, it has merged with the moon’s core entirely,” Sandy kept explaining.

“That’s… bad,” Jake muttered.

“Yep,” Sandy readily agreed. “But, there is one kind of good thing. I don’t think this Ghostvine has any real intelligence. It looks like it does, but there is no cohesion in its thought pattern or telepathic messages, and I sensed primarily emotion and not anything truly complex from it. Heck, I think it only attacked me because of the Lunewood Meteorite Fragments I had in my stomach, and that was entirely on instinct. Once I was designated as an enemy, the way the attacks worked seemed almost automatic.”

Jake could only agree as he also found the way the Ghostvine had acted odd. “Then what do you think it wants? For some reason, it didn’t attack the Lunewood Forest at all.”

“I’m not sure, and in all honesty, I don’t think the Ghostvine is either. It may be because it originated from the Lunewood Forest and thus instinctively views it as a part of it that shouldn’t be destroyed, or it may be because it uses the life energy to fuel its own death energy. Or, you know, something entirely illogical since we are talking about a creature that doesn’t really operate on logic here.”

They were quiet once more for a minute before Sandy spoke again. “Just to be clear, we both agree on what we’re gonna do about that stupid Ghostvine and the celestial object it integrated itself with, right?”

“Oh yeah,” Jake nodded as he looked at the moon. “We’re gonna kill that fucking Ghostvine one way or another… even if the moon has to go along with it.”

“Can we call it Operation: Moonfall?”

“Sure?” Jake agreed, confused.

“Thank you. Tom will be very happy to hear that.”

“I’m sure he will,” Jake said with a smile. “Now let’s go home, alright?”

“Alright… but you’re in charge of transport this time around, at least for the first part of the trip,” Sandy said.

“Sure,” Jake shrugged, wondering how exactly he planned on doing that. Maybe he could have Sandy-

“And no, I’m not shrinking down. Can’t at the moment.”

… or he could figure something else out.




***
Chapter 913: The Sword Of A Hero


***






As things in Nevermore were still fully ongoing, even after the initial batch of geniuses were done, the rest of the multiverse had fallen into a bit of a lull. Even if plans were still in motion, many factions focused on the mega-dungeon first and foremost, as there wasn’t much else to deal with. Yet, shortly after having barely gotten over the appearance of an extinct True Royal, the return of the Malefic Viper, and the Chosen of the newly returned Primordial becoming the new top record holder on the Nevermore Leaderboards, another event shook the many intelligence agencies of the multiverse. The culprit, this time around, was another known figure, but what he had done, few had seen coming:

A clash with another Primordial… the Starseizing Titan.

The echoing sounds of the Cosmic Forge, the exclusive forge of the Starseizing Titan, ceaselessly sent waves of energy through the multiverse, yet that day, it had stilled. The many factions housed nearby instantly noticed, as whenever the Titan stopped working, it was due to some disturbance from an outside factor. Yet none dared even suggest who would be brave enough to interrupt the Primordial like this. The level of disrespect was nearly unimaginable unless it was another Primordial or being of equal standing.

Yet, the one who had done it made no attempts to hide as the aura of Yip of Yore spread throughout the cosmos for all of the nearby gods stationed there by their respective factions to feel. The Starseizing Titan was not one for secrecy either, as his voice boomed through space as the two gods had a very public confrontation.

“What have you come here for, young god?” the Titan asked - his question very much an insult by calling Yip nothing more than a young god. What’s more, his aura increased, pushing back Yip of Yore’s, even slightly overpowering it.

“I merely came to see the creator of the relics of old,” Yip of Yore answered, amplifying his voice to match that of the Primordial as he strengthened his own aura. “And to see if you could do me a minor favor and take a look at a little weapon of mine. I heard you know your stuff, even if your knowledge may be a bit outdated.”

“Impudent,” the dismissive voice of the Starseizing Titan said. “Leave me be, young one. You have no quarrel with me and do not wish for me to quarrel with you.”

“I just asked for a quick evaluation…” Yip answered, not heeding the words of the Titan at all.

All the gods observing with long-range scouting skills had them fully activated as they watched this scene take place. Yip floated in front of the far more massive Starseizing Titan. He was so small, like a single atom before a massive boulder, yet the aura he gave off made his presence unquestionable.

What was also unquestionable was the weapon he held in his hand. It was a simple-looking steel sword, yet it gave off an odd feeling to all who saw it. As if there was far more to the weapon than met the eye… like it had a long history of accomplishments behind it.

“This sword,” Yip spoke loudly as he held it up, “is known as the Hero’s Sword. Not because it was crafted by some mythical being or because it’s made of the greatest materials in the multiverse… but because of what it has done. What’s it’s been through. Rather than being forged in fire, it has been forged in the Records of my Path.”

He said these words, as if announcing them to the multiverse and not just to say them to the Primordial. No, it was a message to all of them, including the other eleven Primordials.

“I do not find myself impressed that you have a sword with a storied history. All with a long Path has such weapons,” the Titan once more dismissed the younger god.

“Yet none has a story greater than mine,” Yip smiled. “Now, please. Evaluate my weapon.”

“No. Leave my sight.”

There was no room for argument. All observed curiously to see Yip’s reaction, as he just smiled. Almost as if this was exactly what he had wanted to happen.

“Then allow me to take the initiative… and, in my own impudence, test my little sword on what most call the most durable thing in the multiverse,” Yip of Yore said as he lowered the sword and pointed it at the Starseizing Titan.

“You.”

Without any further warning, reality shattered as the sword was swung. Space bent as a crescent wave of force powerful enough to tear Godkings and Godqueen apart with ease fell upon the shoulder of the massive body of the Starseizing Titan.

A loud scraping sound was heard as the sword seemingly failed to land a single mark, and the Titan retaliated with a simple punch. Yip of Yore was pushed away as if the universe itself commanded it, sending him flying backward as he quickly stabilized with a smile on his face.

“What a waste of effort,” the Titan spoke. “Stop wasting my time with your antics.”

“Wasted… antics… I don’t think so,” Yip of Yore said as he lifted his sword and pointed at the Starseizing Titan again. “The sword of a hero… can cut anything and anyone he is determined to fight.”

A crackling sound was heard as everything went silent. On the shoulder of a Starseizing Titan, a long cut had formed, as his almost crystalline body had cracked all along it, and mana poured out of his body like a torrent, shocking everyone who observed.

“YOU!” the Starseizing Titan yelled as he swung his right hand holding the hammer. Space imploded as a shockwave was sent out that washed over the already retreating Yip of Yore. The wound on the Titan had already mended itself by the time the swing was over, but the mere fact his natural defenses had been breached…

Yip grinned as he defended himself as best he could while flying backward, a bit of blood on his lips from the shockwave that he had luckily managed to avoid for the most part. “Not gonna push my luck further than this… and thank you for your high evaluation.”

With that, Yip of Yore disappeared, having made history once more.

The word of what had happened spread like wildfire as the legend of the weapon was further empowered. A sword capable of cutting and injuring the Starseizing Titan, the most durable of all Primordials…

Was one capable of killing any of the Primordial.

And whoever was wielding it had the potential to be the very first Primordial Slayer in the multiverse.

Unauthorized reproduction: this story has been taken without approval. Report sightings.

As the multiverse was getting shaken up a bit, Jake was entirely too busy flying through space, pulling a large net of mana strings with quite the catch on the other end.

“Forward, my steed! To Earth!” Sandy yelled as Jake flew as fast as he could while the worm clearly enjoyed themself. Jake, not so much, as dragging along a giant worm that liked to wriggle from time to time wasn’t the easiest job in the world.

“You know, I have a great idea. What if I just shoot exploding arrows at you to propel you toward Earth?” Jake offered. “That would be a lot more fun. Probably faster, too.”

“… you would really do that to a poor worm that got injured to this extent trying to help you? Well… I guess if that’s what you want, I can give up my health and dignity to-“

“Just… fine,” Jake sighed as they kept flying.

“Good steed.”

“You can’t whisper under your breath with telepathic messages,” Jake muttered.

“You totally can…”

“No, you can’t.”

“Where there is a will, there is a way.”

The very intelligent conversation between two Chosen of ancient gods continued with Jake having his first real flight through space. While most of his mental energy was spent talking to Sandy, a lot also went into subtly trying to take in the environment and trying to figure out how to fly faster.

Needless to say, One Step was not a possibility, so Jake had to rely solely on his wings for this flight. With constant acceleration space gone, Jake couldn’t just burn energy to attain near-infinite speed, but he could still fly a lot faster in space than on Earth. His top speed was especially outstanding, and he believed he would be able to make it back to Earth in only a bit over two weeks if he kept up his current pace. That was roughly five days to fly approximately ten times the diameter of Earth, which was pretty good in Jake’s book. Compared to Sandy, it was on the slower side, but considering Jake wasn’t a giant cosmic worm and instead had to drag a cosmic worm along with him, he was more than satisfied.

Not that Jake expected to make the full trip. Sandy was recovering quickly, and one of the first things to usually be replenished was the most important powers – such as movement skills. Sandy would be weakened, sure, but even a Sandy at ten percent speed was faster than Jake in space.

“By the way, where do you wanna go when you get back to Earth?” Sandy asked after a bit. “Sorry to say, but I don’t think I’ll be a fun adventuring companion for a while.”

“It’s fine, you just rest… and I’m not sure yet,” Jake answered honestly. “But I do plan on staying on Earth for the most part, only popping back to the Order if I need anything there. Besides doing alchemy, I have no other plans before the Prima Guardian arrives, outside of waiting for Miranda and the others to get back.”

“Yeah… I think I’ll go back to the Order for a while to heal. Big Boss Hydra already told me he got stuff ready to help me,” the worm said. “Tasty stuff too…”

“I see, I see,” Jake nodded as he hid his worry while he kept flying. The worrying feeling wasn’t just from this one comment but from Jake thinking more about a prior conversation he had with the Malefic Viper. So, he reached out to the god to share his concerns, even if it probably wasn’t his place to do so.

“Hey, Villy, you got a second?” Jake asked the snake god.

“I have a lot more than a second. Infinite time, in fact. A perk of being a god, you should try it sometime,” the snake god answered cheekily.

“Very funny. My worry is about Sandy and-“

“Don’t be,” the Viper cut him off. “First of all, very heretical of you to doubt the Lord Protector of the Order of the Malefic Viper’s abilities to nurture his own Chosen. Secondly, you are correct that the methods Snappy is using with the cosmic worm wouldn’t work with you.”

“It’s just that… won’t Sandy’s Records be hurt by this? Getting things handed to you like that is generally bad, right? You also say that too much help kills Records, and from the sounds of it, Snappy is helping Sandy a whole lot,” Jake voiced his concerns. “Especially with that resurrection skill. Won’t it hurt Sandy a whole lot that the worm is very rarely, if ever, in true danger of dying? I know it may affect Sandy less than it would me, but if I had that kind of skill… yeah, I wouldn’t want it at all.”

“You two are not the same. You are a hunter who needs to find his own prey and needs to do his own thing. Danger is a part of the thrill of the hunt and whatnot. But haven’t you considered how much help you’ve gotten with alchemy? How you’ve been handed expensive materials, books, teachers, everything you could want is available to you, and you use it freely. Yet it does not hurt your Records… why is that?” the Viper did that annoying teaching thing where he made Jake realize things on his own.

“Because… it doesn’t matter as much where I get the materials from, but what I make from them… and with books and all that, I still study it myself and reach my own conclusions. Not that I really learn much outside of doing, so… oh. I really only earn Records by doing, huh?” Jake realized, a bit annoyingly so, as he realized this had been what the Viper was fishing for.

“Bingo. Now consider Sandy. What do you think is core to that worm’s Path?”

“Eating?” Jake said, not really that sure.

“Pretty much so. Eating and exploration to get things to eat. However, the most important is to just get whatever food Sandy wants. That’s where the real Records come from. It’s true that self-found objects have a unique flavor of Records that gifted items won’t, but Sandy can eat so much gifted food compared to what the worm needs to find alone that the proportions aren’t even funny. Sandy would, without a doubt, be capable of reaching A-grade without ever leaving the confines of the Order unless exploring with a god as backup and just sleeping and eating in complete safety. Maybe even S-grade. Because the source of food is such a minor factor for Sandy’s Path. Of course, such an S-grade would be pretty weak, even if Sandy is a strong variant. The end result would be a cosmic worm with subpar skills and all that. Sure, it won’t be as bad as the forcibly raised angels of the Holy Church, but it is definitely better for the cosmic worm to also explore by themselves and strive for some level of self-improvement,” the Viper said, going on a bit of a tangent toward the end.

Jake just nodded telepathically, ignoring the part about angels entirely. “Thanks for putting my mind at ease. Anyway… moon’s haunted, eh?”

“Indeed, it seems so. Not to worry, it happens,” the Viper shrugged on the other end. “Speaking of things that may come to haunt you… kind of a big story in the multiverse these days, and it’s probably best you hear it from me so you don’t get surprised. It’s about how Yip of Yore…”

The Viper proceeded to tell Jake about the god’s recent exploits regarding his “fight” with the Starseizing Titan. This was not something Jake had expected to hear today, and definitely not in the category of good news.

“Does he really call his sword the Hero’s Sword?” Jake questioned after Villy was done.

“Weird thing to focus on, but yes, he does. Because he is the legendary hero of his own story,” the Viper answered.

“Also, isn’t the timing a bit… you know,” Jake continued.

“He is reclaiming some momentum. Showing that even if his Chosen has faltered against you, it’s inconsequential to his goals. It’s to prove he is still more than powerful enough to not only fight but potentially kill a Primordial. The more people believe he can do that, the more powerful he will become when actually facing a Primordial in a true battle to the death. When he faces me in a battle to the death,” Villy explained calmly.

Calmly enough for Jake to not yet feel overly worried, even if the news were worrying.

“I’ll trust you got things handled,” Jake just said.

“A wise choice.”

The connection slowly faded after a bit more small talk as Jake just kept flying, occasionally talking to Sandy on the way. After about a week, Sandy was back in good enough condition to eat Jake and handle the rest of the trip. The worm had even made a new, more private stomach for Jake to be in. No alchemy lab, though.

Jake did say that he could just go where the dietitian and other people were, but Sandy rejected that entirely.

“I don’t want Tom to interact with bad influences,” Sandy said very firmly.

“Did you just call me a bad influence?”Jake asked in disbelief.

“You drag people into doing dumb things all the time,” Sandy argued.

“Are you really going to-“

“Such as convincing them to go to haunted moons.”

“I had no idea the moon was haunted,” Jake muttered.

“Perhaps it always has been… food for thought.”

“I am beginning to believe you are the bad influence on Tom,” Jake said sternly.

“It’s the other way around. Tom is a good influence on everyone else. That’s why he’s Tom.”

“… and who did you say Tom was again? And don’t just say Tom is-“

“Tom. Glad you understand.”




***
Chapter 914: Back In The Laboratory


***






Flying on the Sandy Express was definitely faster than riding the Jake Carriage, even if Sandy wasn’t in top form. After only about a day, they returned to Earth, where Sandy dropped off Jake at Skyggen before heading off to head back to the Order. Jake did end up asking how Sandy even traveled back and forth, as he usually had to use his connection to Villy when teleporting, and the answer was as obvious as it could be. The teleportation circle made by those snakes had just been altered a bit to allow Snappy to do the same thing the Viper did.

With Jake and Sandy split up once more, Jake made a quick visit to his family, who were all surprised to see him back so soon. Luckily, the moon being haunted was a universally good explanation for why he hadn’t wanted to stick around there. It did have the slight downside of Adam being very suspicious of the pretty rock Jake had brought back, and it took a lot of effort to convince him that particular rock wasn’t haunted.

Jake ended up staying in Skyggen for another day before he decided to head back to Haven. This time around, he didn’t have any stops on the way, so he just took the teleportation circle back. Honestly, the best new thing Jake had gained during all his time in Nevermore was definitely the Unseen Hunter skill, as it allowed him to travel around without being bothered by anyone. He could even take public teleporters and stuff without a whole crowd gathering to stare at him.

Plus, he could skip queues. A bit unethical, but a perk of being invisible for sure.

As Jake had already talked to Sandy about, he truly didn’t have plans set in stone. Yet it felt like he didn’t really need any plans either, as the Prima Guardian stuff was right around the corner. Having spent fifty years in Nevermore had changed his perspective on time quite a lot, and waiting not even two years was barely worth mentioning. It was a few good alchemy sessions at most.

Once back in Haven, Jake started out by quickly stopping by Arnold’s place. The man wasn’t surprised when Jake came at all, clearly able to see through his stealth skill. Truly, further proof Perception was the best stat.

“Hey there,” Jake said after he was let in as he joined the scientist in his workshop. As always, Arnold was working on stuff Jake didn’t at all understand, but a lot of it seemed themed around space exploration stuff. Jake got the feeling this was the topic the guy obsessed the most over these days.

“My satellites spotted you returning from space. Did you arrive on the moon safely?” Arnold asked with a genuinely curious tone.

“Well, we did arrive safely,” Jake scratched the back of his head. “Can’t say it ended well, though.”

Arnold raised an eyebrow, clearly communicating he wanted Jake to elaborate. So Jake did and told Arnold everything that had happened on the moon, including the presence of the Ghostvine and how Sandy believed the B-grade had merged with the core. Likely irreversibly so. He also included his future plans.

“Hm. If this was before the arrival of the system, I would call anyone wanting to destroy the moon someone aiming to doom this planet and humanity. Now, I am not even certain the gravitational forces applied to us by the moon have any tangible effects, nor that there will be any noticeable fallout should the moon cease to exist,” Arnold said after thinking a bit.

“I kind of assumed you would have told me trying to blow up the moon was a bad idea,” Jake muttered.

“I have no attachment to the celestial object. Meanwhile, I can see the risks associated with an instinct-driven antagonistic planet-sized plant living this close. Especially one that seems to carry an innate hatred for life. Getting rid of, or containing it, might be a necessity, not a matter of your vanity,” Arnold said, fully on board with Jake’s brilliant plan.

“You wouldn’t happen to have a bomb capable of blowing it up lying around, would you?” Jake asked.

“No,” Arnold shook his head. “I will not be able to make one before B-grade either.”

The way he said it made it clear the guy had already very much considered the limits of how destructive bombs he could make. Jake wasn’t sure if that should make him worried, but he decided not to be. Just to make a small mental note to not piss off the guy unnecessarily.

“Do you still have the Blackpoint Nanoblade Katar?” Arnold asked after a bit, changing the topic entirely.

“Huh? Oh, yeah, I do,” Jake nodded, surprised, as he took out the weapon and quickly checked it out.

[Blackpoint Nanoblade Katar (Ancient)] – A katar with a nanoblade made of a composite alloy formed into an ultra-thin blade. The blade itself can cut most materials effortlessly but has little to no effectiveness against magical wards or defenses when not infused with mana. The tip of the blade appears to have been touched by the void. A coating on the blade allows it to have an incredibly high level of mana conductivity and can handle most types of mana. The handle contains a series of energy cores capable of storing mana of any affinity. This stored energy can all be released at once through the tip of the Nanoblade. Enchantments: Extreme Conductivity. Blackpoint Burst.

Requirements: lvl 200+ in any humanoid race

“Did it serve you well during Nevermore, or did you switch to another weapon?” the scientist asked, as he took the katar from Jake without even asking.

“I used it all throughout,” Jake said. “I even had it repaired… three times? All done through system stuff or on city floors. It did a good job, but – and don’t take this the wrong way – it did fall off quite a lot toward the end. Especially the Blackpoint Burst was barely worth using anymore, as I could, in many cases, do more damage without it, and the slight wind-up time made it difficult to even land. But the katar as a whole was still damn sharp and did its job the whole time.”

Jake had genuinely liked the weapon. It was a real stabber. When he first entered Nevermore, it was sharper than even Eternal Hunger, though by now, there was a vast gulf between the two weapons, with the mythical Eternal Hunger having far surpassed the Nanoblade in every area. Not surprising, considering the weapon was constantly growing the more Jake killed and the more souls it ate.

“That’s only to be expected,” Arnold said as he inspected the weapon, finding quite a few chinks in it from the many years of use. “Do you need it currently, or may I have it back for a time?”

A case of content theft: this narrative is not rightfully on Amazon; if you spot it, report the violation.

“You’re gonna upgrade it again?” Jake said with a big smile.

“No, I’m going to melt it down and make an entirely new one,” Arnold shook his head. “The methods used during this one’s creation process aren’t up to par anymore. However, I shall analyze its Records for use in the creation of the new katar.”

“Fair enough,” Jake nodded. “I would be more than happy to get a weapon upgrade before the Prima arrives. Do you need any payment or…?”

“I already owe you for the Automaton Spaceship,” Arnold said, as he pointed and made a wall see-through, revealing the giant spaceship behind it, with robot arms poking it all over, doing science stuff. Jake had naturally already seen it in his sphere, but observing it with his eyes was still impressive.

“In that case, thanks in advance,” Jake smiled. “I’ll be in Haven for the most part should you need to contact me for anything.”

“Very well,” Arnold nodded.

Having nothing more to talk about, Jake headed out and back to his little lodge. He was still impressed by how utterly massive Haven had become, and it was honestly to the level where it made Jake a bit uncomfortable. One thing was for sure, it was good Miranda was the person actually in charge of everything and not him.

Returning to his lodge, Jake didn’t wait before heading down to the alchemy lab in the cellar. The last time he was there, he hadn’t really checked out every room, but this time, he did. One room he had remembered was the basin room or whatever it was called. It was a room with a lot of different basins Jake had planned to make and store different liquids in large quantities inside.

He hadn’t ever really used it, but now, he believed it would be perfect because he knew what he wanted to spend the next two or so years working on:

Acids.

Jake had only begun to touch upon it during the House of the Architect and realized how well his arcane affinity synergized with that particular branch of alchemy. It would be a waste not to explore it further. The large basin room, with several different square basins sectioned off by glass walls, would be a perfect place to test things out and store different acids.

This was one of the contraptions Hank had proudly shown off during his tour of the place after Jake came back from the Treasure Hunt. Arnold had helped make it with the glass walls and stuff, and it being glass walls was honestly perfect. That meant Jake only had to put down a glass bottom of every basin, and he would have perfect containers for acids.

As of right now, not all the different sections were raised, but a few were, and one of them even had water inside it. That’s when Jake remembered what he’d done when he was here way back then. Checking out this particular section, Jake saw a stone lying at the bottom of the water as he smiled and shook his head.

[Dewstone of Serenity (Legendary)] – A small stone created by the combined effort of a group of water nymphs to help heal a close friend. This stone was eventually acquired by a powerful vampire and brought to Yalsten, where it has been ever since. Will passively transform surrounding water by infusing the power of serenity into it. Effect lessens, and the transformation process becomes slower the larger the pool of water. Has many alchemical uses

“Yeah, I had completely forgotten about that,” Jake said to himself as he also checked the water itself.

[Concentrated Serene Water (Epic)] – This water calms the mind of anyone who consumes it, allowing them to more easily focus while suppressing the effects of most mental afflictions. Will restore a bit of mana, health points, and stamina upon consumption. Continued consumption will help heal some soul injuries. Has many alchemical uses

“And I’m pretty sure that was only rare rarity before. I guess it grew more potent over time, hence the “concentrated” tag,” Jake continued muttering.

This was a nice little pleasant surprise that really shouldn’t have been a surprise at all, but Jake blamed the way the system improved memory. You had to think about something to remember it, and Jake sucked at thinking about stuff not related to his immediate surroundings or current situation.

“Hm, maybe I should clean up my spatial storage at some point,” Jake said to himself before quickly dismissing the idea. That sounded way too much like work. Better to just leave everything in there till he randomly remembered something. It wasn’t as if he had anything important stored away that he should really be remembering, right? Yeah, definitely not.

After inspecting the basin room and taking a swig of the Serene Water for fun, Jake finally went to the large glass bubble serving as the main lab. Inside, things were as pristine as ever, and he was happy to be back in the laboratory. Thus, he gladly sat down and got to work, as it was time to finally make some proper acids.

Well, more proper acids than what he’d made in the House of the Architect, anyway.

“Thank you for your assistance, miss,” the big man said.

“Ree,” the noble bird answered.

“The upper layers of the sky are difficult to cover, especially as many of the more powerful beings are nomadic in nature and rarely stick to a single area for long,” the big man that Sylphie knew was called the Whaleman said.

“Ree?”

“Even if I am a Sky Whale, I cannot cover the entire sky on my own, and I am still more of an aquatic animal rather than an aerial one,” Whaleman shook his head.

After Sylphie returned to Earth, the bird really didn’t know what she wanted to do. So, the first thing she did was find her parents, whom she hadn’t seen in a very long time. In the process, she ran into Whaleman, who knew a lot of stuff and helped track them down. The wind also helped a lot when she got closer. After Sylphie had gotten that Authority skill, the whispers of the wind were even clearer than before, and sometimes even offered hints without Sylphie asking, so that was nice.

Reuniting with Mom and Dad had been nice. Both of them were getting close to becoming big and strong C-grades like Sylphie. It was a bit slow, in Sylphie’s opinion, but Sylphie did know that Sylphie was awesome, so maybe Mom and Dad were just more normal? No, they were definitely better than normal. They were her Mom and Dad, after all.

Sylphie ended up spending about three days flying around with them before they split up again. She was too strong to help her parents in battle, and the two hunted best as a pair. They did have a good time together, but they also all had their own things to do. One thing was for sure: her parents were happy Sylphie was doing well, which made Sylphie happy, and she hoped that her parents would also do well.

With the reunion done, Sylphie had flown back to Whaleman, who was hard at work preparing for when the big boss called a Prima Guardian arrived. He was doing that by ensuring the many powerful beasts spread across the planet wouldn’t become too big of a problem, through ensuring they were either killed, made into allies, or pacified through special contract magic stuff the Whaleman could do. Something with him being blessed by a guy called Karroch.

Sylphie, being the best bird she was, volounteered to help Whaleman do stuff. She was super fast and good at finding strong bad guys, and she was also super good at negotiating! Plus, she was strong enough to do stuff only Whaleman or the Whaleman’s most powerful allies could do. Whaleman was very convincing when he appeared… because Sylphie was pretty sure Whaleman was the highest, if not one of the highest-leveled creatures on the planet.

[Sky Whale – lvl 333]

Also, even if Whaleman was strong… Sylphie wasn’t afraid because Sylphie was also strong.

“Can you handle this area and scout it? It’s rather large, but I believe you are more than capable,” Whaleman asked, recognizing Sylphie’s greatness. “The Crimsonfang Darkbat Lord was last seen in the area east of there, and with its trajectory, we believe this is where It’ll be. Also, if it proves too strong, feel free to-“

“Ree,” Sylphie interrupted.

“Right, you know,” Whaleman nodded. “Just be careful, alright? I wouldn’t want to face Lord Thayne if anything happens to you.”

Sylphie nodded, understanding him perfectly, as she offered some words of warning. “Ree, ree.”

“… why would he hit me with a cauldron that smells?”

“Ree,” Sylphie shook her head as she took off to find the bad guy bat, leaving Whaleman behind to mutter again by himself.

“I guess you’re right… I wouldn’t want to find out…”




***
Chapter 915: Holiday Is Over


***






Time marched on, and even if Jake and the others had returned to Earth, not much had changed besides stability returning to a lot of factions. Arnold’s workshop was once again running non-stop – though, to be fair, it nearly already had during his absence, too – while factions such as the Court of Shadows finally had their Judge and a few elite members back.

Funnily enough, the Court was one of the factions that suffered the most from this stability on the planet. They were, in the end, an assassination organization, so if there was no one hiring assassins, business wasn’t going well. Alas, they were getting by focusing on training and doing hunting jobs of beasts and whatnot, with the occasional job here and there, though it was often nothing consequential, and more often than not, they were hired by the World Council or people related to the Council.

Quite a number of religious leaders and such had been nipped in the bud, but most of them hadn’t been targets worth talking about.

The Fallen King had also found himself a busy Unique Lifeform after returning. It turns out that a supreme tyrant ruling through power doesn’t establish the most stable organization, so after he had been gone for a while, internal competition within the faction he was building had gotten so bad that the Sky Whale had to get involved.

Now that the Fallen King was back, there was a lot to do. Something that actually suited him quite well. During Nevermore, he had few chances to use the aspects of his Path related to being a King, but now that he had a kingdom in ruins, there were ample Records to be reaped from putting everything back together, and he reckoned there were many levels to be gained while awaiting the coming of the Prima Guardian.

Valhal, who had been keeping a mostly low profile after the Ell’Hakan incident, were starting to rear their head a bit after Carmen and other high-ranking members had returned from Nevermore. It wasn’t much, but they had recruited a bit and expanded their influence to some more nearby towns – all with permission, of course.

Arthur, the one doing most of the work for the World Council, was the one who had given permission, which was a big development after he had been so firmly anti-divine factions. But, he began to give a few permission to grow and prosper… while hiring the Court of Shadows to handle those deemed on the harmful side.

Other smaller factions were also simply doing their own thing. As an example, Maria – the follower of Gwyndyr – was busy working on establishing some form of mercenary band of her own, while the Noboru Clan was solidifying their own power on Earth now that the Sword Saint was back.

All in all, Earth had only gotten a tinge more busy after the first batch of Nevermore Attendees returned. Things had slowed down after Miranda and many others left for Nevermore, but now things were at least picking up again, if ever-so-slowly. Moreover, as time passed, the day marking the return of Miranda also grew near, as the planet would soon have all its leaders back to finish the final preparations for the Prima Guardian.

Jake dipped the piece of meat in the clear liquid as he observed what would happen. After a few seconds, nothing happened, and he nodded, satisfied. Then, with his other hand, he raised it, and it began to glow green for a moment.

The second it did, the meat was instantly corroded away. Jake’s hand glowed green again as he lowered the big piece of meat further, it again remaining unharmed. With a bit of telekinesis, he then lifted a metal rod from behind him and dipped that into the liquid, too.

This rod also remained unharmed until Jake had his hand glow for a third time. As Jake wanted to see, the metal was corroded away while the meat remained whole without the slightest trace of damage.

With a big smile, Jake flashed his hand green one final time as he dropped both the meat and metal rod into the liquid and saw both were consumed.

“Pretty damn good,” Jake praised himself as he picked up the big class cube he stored the acid in. It was made to slot perfectly into those sections of the basin he used to store all the different acids Jake had made over the last… definitely over half a year. Jake’s sense of time tended to be quite off, but it seemed about right. It had been less than a year, though. Definitely.

This acid he had been working on was an improved version of the Adaptable Arcane Acid he had submitted in the House of the Architect. The Arcane Acid he had made then was pretty good, but it did come with some pretty severe limitations, such as the limit of only being able to switch “target” once. That was the first thing he worked to address. If Jake had more time during the Challenge Dungeon, this would have been the direction of progress he would have walked down, and so far, he was pretty happy with the result as he used Identify on his acid before he put it back in its slot at the basin.

[Controlled Arcane Acid (Rare)] – An acid created from a mix of energy-corrosive ingredients and arcane energy. Upon coming into contact with any energy it has been attuned to corrode, this acid will turn highly destructive but doesn’t react to any other forms of energy. Has an increased ability to intrude into physical objects and corrode the energies within. This acid is significantly more effective against passive environmental energy. This Arcane Acid is highly controllable by its creator and can adapt accordingly when commanded. By default, this acid is in a passive state, where it will not corrode anything, and it will naturally return to this passive state after a while if not actively controlled.

Definitely Jake’s best iteration to date. It was highly malleable, and while it did have some problems, such as not being as effective as the acid he’d made during the Challenge Dungeon yet, due to its higher level of adaptability, Jake was more than satisfied. He believed it would soon be more corrosive than the acid he made then while also being far more adaptable and useable in more situations.

When it came to getting materials, Jake had used some of what he’d already stored up, but otherwise he’d just popped by the Order of the Malefic Viper real quick to swipe some stuff. It also gave him an excuse to check in with Meira and Irin, who both volounteered to help get some ingredients Jake was looking for.

All in all, this had been a productive time, and the shift in environment and momentum in his profession after the Challenge Dungeons he hadn’t really been able to spend was showing, as he’d gained 4 whole levels during this relatively short period of time.

’DING!’ Profession: [Heretic-Chosen Alchemist of the Malefic Viper] has reached level 268 - Stat points allocated, +35 Free Points

…

’DING!’ Profession: [Heretic-Chosen Alchemist of the Malefic Viper] has reached level 271 - Stat points allocated, +35 Free Points

’DING!’ Race: [Human (C)] has reached level 279 - Stat points allocated, +45 Free Points

’DING!’ Race: [Human (C)] has reached level 280 - Stat points allocated, +45 Free Points

While 4 levels may not seem like a lot to many, for a mid-tier C-grade like Jake, it kind of was. Especially when one considered Jake was doing the kind of alchemy that usually didn’t give a lot of experience. He would have gained a lot more levels if he’d just only crafted his best Heartrot Poison over and over again while making small improvements. Or, of course, if he’d done some major ritual with potentially multiversal consequences.

But those could wait. For now, he was happy doing some normal alchemy. As Jake was considering how he wanted to refine the acid mixture further, the phone-like thing Jake discovered Arnold had installed in his lab at some point went off. Jake quickly went over and pressed a button as a brief message played.

“They’re back from Nevermore.”

Alas, the time had come. Quickly cleaning himself off Jake didn’t wait as he headed to the lodge above.

Miranda stood in the highrise as she overlooked the city Haven had grown into. Further, grown into. It had expanded even further during her time away, which was definitely a good sign. She would be lying if she said she hadn’t expected things to at least go a little wrong with her absence. However, it looked like things had gone smoothly, no doubt partly due to the great work of Holstred, Arthur, and many others.

“I’m feeling all nostalgic when I remember when this was just a small town at most,” she smiled at Lillian, who stood beside her. The woman wore a white mask covering the upper part of her face that she’d begun to use after evolving to C-grade. The primary cause for this was the fact that during the evolution, she had done away with her scarred face. That she had promptly then shifted to a mask instead was a bit weird, but Miranda wasn’t going to question her assistant.

“We’re both old women by now,” Lillian smiled. “It’s normal to look back fondly on the good old days.”

“Bah, we’re still young at heart,” Miranda shook her head. “Any word from the Sky Whale or Arthur yet?”

“No, but I believe they have been informed of our return,” Lillian answered promptly. “Holstred at least said he’d contact them both promptly.”

“I see,” Miranda nodded. Truthfully, she wasn’t in that much of a rush, and in many ways, it was comforting that there hadn’t been an entire welcome party occupying her office the second she returned to swarm her with all the issues that had propped up. That meant things couldn’t be all that bad. It was especially good to know that her decision to focus on Nevermore while in Nevermore and get everything out of the experience possible had been the right one.

Nevermore had been both a great and a harrowing experience. Miranda had never been an exceptionally skilled fighter. She was more of a prepper. She could set up traps and such, but if she was jumped outside of her domain, she would be in trouble. Nevermore had helped her develop many new tools to deal with disadvantageous circumstances and to fight in any situation.

She and Lillian had not gone to Nevermore together. In fact, Miranda hadn’t gone with anyone from Earth at all. Her party had consisted solely of members of the Order. As she wasn’t trying to compete on any Leaderboards or anything like that, the levels of her party members also hadn’t been limited at all, resulting in one of them being another witch from the Verdant Lagoon who was level 250 and specialized in combat. It was clear her role there was primarily to teach Miranda.

The rest of her party members were the usual setup, but it was never a secret the party was put together by the Witches of the Verdant Lagoon to nurture Miranda. In the beginning, the entire thing was very suffocating, especially as Miranda felt unworthy of being treated so well by others, only made worse by how much she sucked at combat.

But, with time, she got used to it, and they cleared many floors, and Miranda gained quite a few levels. She even spent a bit over five years in the House of the Architect Challenge Dungeon. For reference, as she wasn’t competing on the Leaderboards, there were no Nevermore Points or anything like that to speak of, and the only thing you got for a good evaluation was a better reward. Rewards that were still considered far lesser than those offered to the Leaderboards contestants.

Now, after Nevermore, Miranda was pretty confident facing even relatively strong people at an equal level to herself, even without any preparations. With preparations, she doubted any but a handful of people on Earth could beat her. Pretty much all the people who’d placed well on the Nevermore Leaderboards would be able to defeat her, bar maybe a few who would struggle if their fighting styles didn’t do well against a witch’s domain.

The type of magic Miranda had practiced during the World Wonder primarily focused on using different talismans and such in combat, along with basic verdant magic. However, the biggest aspect was definitely learning how to create and use a mobile domain at any point without any warning. Naturally, this domain would be far less powerful than her usual one, but it was something. This was something she had already worked on long before Nevermore, but now she was actually confident in using it.

Anyway, during Miranda’s time in Nevermore, Lillian had gone with a party put together by Sultan, using his connections with the Golden Road Emporium to hire what has effectively highly-skilled mercenaries affiliated with the giant merchant Pantheon. From how Miranda understood it, Sultan had used the fact that Lillian was the right hand of Jake’s right hand to ensure they got some of the best they could. Also, apparently, he was in quite good standing with many of the high-ranking merchants after he gave them good information about what kind of presents Jake would like during his Chosen Ceremony. In other words, he had told them that getting Jake slaves would be a bad idea.

To say Lillian had overperformed would be an understatement. It probably shouldn’t have surprised Miranda either, as Lillian had always been a very strong-willed woman, but she had excelled a lot more than Miranda expected. After Jake had handed her that Lucenti Mage Tome all the way back in E-grade, she had slowly been growing in power, and by now, she was a respectable mage in her own right.

Jake definitely hadn’t known, but the Lucenti Mage class was far from a normal one when he casually handed her the tome. Few classes that relied on celestial concepts and complicated mysticism tended to be, and Lillian was quite good at it. Plus, unlike Miranda, she never needed any setup, even if it could help her.

Many others had also returned to Earth around the same time as Miranda and Lillian, including Reika, who had gone to visit her great-grandfather and the Noboru Clan. Neil had also returned, having been the only one who went to Nevermore of his original party of five. The reason for this was pretty simple… he was the only one among them who’d reached C-grade then, with only Silas the only other person from the party to evolve since.

After everything had truly calmed down, the other three had more or less retired. Eleanor, the archer, had married a local leatherworker in Haven. Christen and Levi had also settled down in Haven and still lived with Silas, with Miranda not really sure what they were doing. Silas was still working, but he wasn’t really doing anything combat-related anymore. He had many helpful support skills from his pretty rare profession and worked for what may as well be called Earth’s government. His lie-detection skill alone made him a valuable employee, and his other skills were also handy.

“Do people even know Jake is back?” Miranda asked as the thought suddenly struck her. “Outside of a few people, that is.”

“Not as far as I know,” Lillian shook her head. “There was no public announcement or anything. However, many do assume he is back, seeing as the Fallen King and the Patriarch of the Noboru Clan both returned, as well as Sylphie helping out the Beast Alliance established by the Sky Whale.”

“Makes sense,” Miranda nodded. “We could call a meeting. Get everyone up to speed about what’s going on and take status.”

“Who should be invited?”

“The usual, especially those handling the Prima Guardian preparation. Oh, and having Jake there would also make things easier, if for nothing else but to also have him be aware of what’s actually going on with the planet he is supposedly the World Leader of.”

“I understand,” Lillian nodded, but Miranda kept ranting.

“We need him in the loop anyway, as calling a World Congress before the Prima Guardian would definitely be a good idea. Something that would have been a great privilege to have granted before he headed off to Nevermore so I could call one. Oh yeah, he also didn’t give me permissions regarding Land Division outside of Haven, as well as a slew of other things. Oh yeah, and most of the statistical tools, too! Do you think he even knows he has these tools? Do you think he’s touched his Pylon of Civilization a single time since he buried it under his house?”

Lillian didn’t need to answer, as they both knew. Miranda just sighed a bit as the truth was evident. “I guess my holiday is over, eh?”

“Very much so,” Lillian expressed her sympathy.




***
Chapter 916: Board (Read: Bored) Meeting


***






For the record, Jake had never opened any system menu related to him being a City Lord or the World Leader of his own volition. The only times he’d touched them was when Miranda asked for him to do something, and that something was more often than not just transferring rights and permissions.

In Jake’s defense, he blamed the bad UI of the system. How was it his fault the system didn’t have an “allow all” button? At least these existed for some major categories, and shortly after Jake became the World Leader, he went over these and granted rights to Miranda.

The problem was that the UI wasn’t static. New things would be unlocked with time, and how much the “country” or “kingdom” or whatever expanded. At least when it came to all the City Lord stuff, Miranda did have pretty much every permission available, but the permissions given had begun to fall behind severely with the World Leader stuff.

Also, because Jake didn’t have any profession related to City Lord stuff, he had to actually touch the Pylon of Civilization to activate it and see the system interface. Was it enough for him to just touch it with a bit of mana, or potentially even just his presence, allowing him to do it from hundreds of meters away easily, including during all the time he’d spent in his lab?

Well, yes, but Jake didn’t think about it, and that was the defense he was sticking to after he’d gone to talk to Miranda.

Jake was right nearby, so he’d been the first to arrive for their meeting after Arnold contacted him, with others like Arthur, the Fallen King, and Sword Saint needing a bit to get ready.

“So we both agree that we’re going back to your lodge to get this fixed here and now while we still have some time?” Miranda asked after a very enlightening conversation.

“Yes, ma’am,” Jake said in a semi-joking, semi-meek tone as he scratched the back his his head. “But… can I just add that I think you’ve done a brilliant job?”

“Well, thank you,” Miranda smiled. “Now imagine how much more brilliant it would have been if I didn’t have several options unavailable to me as your stand-in World Leader. To clarify, if you wish to take back full control and manage the planet yourself, I would more than happily-”

“Oh, would you look at that? I can give you World Leader permission stuff right here and now without going to the Pylon!” Jake quickly said as he hurridly found the system menu and began allocating all the new features to Miranda. Seriously, why didn’t it just automatically allow her to do all that stuff? He had officially made her his stand-in even by system standards, yet some things were still not granted by default.

After Jake was done, he couldn’t help but sigh. “Can I blame the system again? All this should just be automatic…”

“If I may,” Lillian, who was now sporting a cool mask – great fashion choice, by the way – spoke up. “Some new features for World Leaders become available that hold quite a lot of power most World Leaders wouldn’t ever want to unilaterally grant others. So a manual granting of permissions is likely implemented to avoid problems.”

“I kind of get it, but it isn’t like the permissions do anything overly dramatic,” Jake shook his head.

“You just gave me permission to control practically every single Pylon of Civilization on the planet, and not just their associated defensive barriers, but the ability to simply blow them up, which would cause worldwide panic and the resulting explosions kill thousands,” Miranda added.

“And such power couldn’t be in better hands,” Jake smiled brightly. “Now, let’s go to the lodge and get the rest of these dumb permissions granted.”

That was precisely what they proceeded to do, as Jake and Miranda quickly popped by his lodge and got all that sorted. On the way, Jake even proposed maybe asking Villy if he had a solution to automate all this granting of permissions, but Miranda made it clear she’d already asked the Verdant Witches and that while it was a bit annoying right now, it would cease to be an issue with time.

The problem was just that their faction was still rapidly growing and in a period of change, leading to many new things happening. Once things like the Prima Guardian were handled and Jake had fully become the World Leader by laying claim to Earth’s Planetary Pylon, things should be a lot easier.

Making their way back again, the two also just caught up with everything that had happened to Haven’s resident witch. Miranda already knew pretty much everything Jake had done as she got updates every single time they’d stopped by a City Floor. Jake hadn’t known much about what Miranda had been up to, though, and he was pretty curious about how she’d handled the place.

When they were back, Lillian also joined the conversation as they waited for everyone to be ready to join for a meeting. Only the three of them, and a few others who would arrive shortly, would be physically present, while the rest would just get in contact remotely.

It was pretty understandable, considering all of them were busy doing their own stuff and pretty far away. Even if they could just use the teleportation network, that would still take some time. Besides, going somewhere for people like Arthur wasn’t as easy as someone like Jake. He also needed bodyguards and stuff to come along, making it an entire thing.

On a side note, one of the people who would join remotely was Arnold. Arnold lived only a few kilometers away and could get to the meeting room in a few minutes if he wanted to, but he’d still decided to work from home. Jake very much respected that decision.

Holstred, the guy Jake had tried to prank with Sandy, expectedly entered the room shortly after, along with two people Jake didn’t recognize. One of them was a beastfolk man, while the other one was a scalekin. Both of them acted overly polite toward Jake, but he had honestly gotten used to that by now.

Entering the large meeting room with them all, Jake was impressed by everything he saw. It was designed like one of those big board rooms rich people had board meetings in before the system, except they now had the technology to project holograms and stuff of everyone participating.

Miranda directed Jake to take a seat at the head of the table – a seat that was usually left empty, as it was reserved for the true World Leader as a symbolic gesture. Even if he wasn’t the one actually leading the meeting or doing much at all, Miranda didn’t want to hear any arguments, as it was only considered proper that the one with the highest status would sit there. Jake’s offer of just standing in the corner with Unseen Hunter active was also rapidly shot down, so Jake surrendered himself to his fate and took a seat. Beside him, Miranda and Lillian sat, joined by Holstred, the scalekin, and the beastfolk guy.

With everyone seated, Miranda officially began the meeting.

Projections appeared all around the table as Miranda activated a crystal in the center. Jake saw the Fallen King, Sword Saint, Sky Whale, Arthur, his little brother, and many more familiar faces. Even the pretty shady merchant Renato, who ran Paradise, the city Jake had visited with Carmen during their little road trip way back.

“Thank you all for making time today. As you can see, Lord Thayne will also be attending this meeting, but please do not pay it too much mind, and let us proceed as usual,” Miranda opened the meeting. “Let me begin by saying I am more than pleased to see how well Earth is doing even in my absence. Brilliant work. However, I am fully aware challenges may be lurking under the surface, so do not hesitate to bring them up. Now, Arthur, if you would get us all up to speed with everything.”

“Of course,” the projection of Arthur answered, his voice sounding just like as if he was there in person. “I would also like to welcome Ms. Wells and everyone else back, and I hope you have had a fruitful journey. Regarding Earth, let us start with-“

What followed reminded Jake way too much of those overly long meetings Jacob sometimes dragged him to before the system. That was, in some ways, lucky, as that meant Jake was trained to not zone out too much, but actually listen in case he would be asked to reference anything said in a later report.

Arthur started out by going over a lot of stats. Not the cool kind of stats, like Perception, but boring stats, like housing developments, employment rates, material gathering, birth rates, and a whole bunch of other things. He even had graphs and stuff to show, making it clear he had prepared for this meeting for a while… or he just kept updated stats at all times. Maybe the latter was actually more probable, considering how much more convenient the system had made a lot of things.

After Arthur, others followed, including some of those who worked with the guy. Renato also joined in to talk about entertainment and the economy, while Holstred touched on the integration of former slaves, joined by the beastfolk and scalekins, who outlined some of the challenges they faced, including quite a bit of xenophobia from humans who didn’t like anyone who didn’t look enough human for their taste. Elves didn’t really face any problems, nor did the few dwarves who had come to Earth. It was primarily the more monstrous races who faced discrimination. Lots of shop owners, adventurer parties, and just people in general were being royal assholes.

Jake had to hold himself back from just suggesting referring these people to the Court of Shadows and dealing with it that way, but the Sky Whale offered some more open-minded solutions. In the end, the conclusion was pretty much that they would actively try to quell these harmful sentiments, with a realization that the more time passed, the smaller the problem would get. The younger generation showed way less apprehension toward dealing with other races, and as the multiverse opened up more, people would have to get used to how the world worked now or get lost.

They could always provide them with totally free one-way trips to the moon if they got too annoying. Just an option.

Once they were done talking about all the overly complicated stuff, they finally got to the topic of the Prima Guardian Preparation Plan. Jake had heard a bit about this plan already, and from the sounds of it, things were going well.

The ones behind the preparations did realize Earth was simply too large to account for everything. There would definitely be some hidden monsters somewhere that could cause trouble for humanity should they side with the Prima Guardian, but there shouldn’t be too many. At least not close to human lands. The further they got away from where humanity lived, the less anyone knew of what lived there, though Arnold had tried to map out most things. Jake even came to learn that Arnold had worked with a dozen or so parties specializing in exploration to create a map of the planet with notable locations marked.

The Sky Whale also talked about the sky and oceans quite a bit, where it became clear Sylphie had been quite a help, having spent nearly all the time since they returned from Nevermore hunting down problematic monsters or convincing them to join the light side. Then, there was the entire underground world, which was definitely the least explored overall. Earth was simply too large now, with the planet having tunnels leading all the way to the core. Efforts had been focused on mapping only the upper layers while setting up methods of detection shouldn’t anything deemed too dangerous emerge.

All in all, Jake was impressed with all the work that had gone into preparing for the Prima Guardian. He wasn’t sure if he should feel bad, knowing how busy everyone had been, especially over the last many months. Someone like the Fallen King had also been busy as hell dealing with monsters and effectively setting up a huge domain of his own in what was once not considered human lands at all.

The Sword Saint was the only one relatable. He had done a bit of stuff with his clan but otherwise focused solely on training. He even spoke a bit about the mythical training formation he had been granted by Minaga and how great that was. Oh, and then he mentioned how he had people go over everything he had gathered in Nevermore within his spatial storage to put it to use… so not that relatable after all. Especially not when he asked Jake if he had time to set up the Minaga’s Labyrinth Dungeon he had been given for his top-tier performance in the Challenge Dungeon.

A reward Jake had definitely not forgotten and his explanation that he was waiting for Miranda to return to make the dungeon wasn’t just him making up a reasonable excuse on the fly. Nope, Jake would never forget important stuff like that.

Either way, the meeting continued smoothly as Jake learned way more than he needed to about everything going on with the planet. Again, he could only conclude that things were going pretty well, even if there were some major issues they had to address. Jake was honestly impressed with himself for having been zoned in for the whole nearly six-hour meeting because, hot damn, had it been boring at times.

Jake also understood that his own heavy-handed approaches wouldn’t work on any of those problems. The only place he could help was with the Prima Guardian preparation, and it didn’t particularly sound like they needed help, especially not after Arnold returned. The guy was a one-man army, achieved by deploying a literal army of drones and robots and stuff.

After some final pleasantries, the meeting ended, as Jake had entirely forgotten to bring up one topic. Luckily, Miranda, Lillian, Holstred, and the two with him were still there, even after the projections were gone.

“Things are going better than expected,” Miranda said with a smile. “Lillian, inform me when those reports Arthur talked about arrive. Now, let’s get out of here, shall we?”

“Just one thing,” Jake interrupted her, earning him a raised eyebrow as the three non-natives of the planet also looked at him with their undivided attention. “Would you find any issues with blowing up the moon?”

Miranda stared at him for several moments before collecting herself. “Why are you asking about blowing up the moon?”

“It’s haunted,” Jake explained with a shrug.

During that day, Jake had spent a lot of time with Miranda, but they had only talked about Nevermore stuff, making him totally forget about bringing up his recent moon visit.

“The moon is… haunted?” Miranda asked, seemingly not entirely sure if she should take him seriously.

“Yep, real nasty haunting too. A powerful B-grade has integrated with the core,” Jake further explained. “Ah, this isn’t a rush-job… I doubt it’s feasible to handle the situation before B-grade. Or maybe I can do it at peak C-grade, but either way, it won’t be for a while. Suffice to say, things didn’t end well when Sandy and I visited.”

“That… alright, it actually makes sense,” Miranda nodded. “I take it this B-grade is contained for now, and it won’t be a problem with the Prima Guardian?”

“It won’t,” Jake shook his head.

“Great,” Miranda said. “In that case, do as you see fit, as long as it doesn’t result in giant moon rocks destroying half of the planet or something in the process.”

“It should be fine,” Jake said with a shrug as one other concern struck him. “Say, Lillian, would it negatively impact you if the moon is gone? Seeing as you’re walking down a Path related to moonlight and all.”

“Not at all,” Lillian answered, as she explained: “The moon is more of a conceptual representation rather than a physical object. It’s all about visualization and understanding the underlying concepts of lunar energies and other concepts. If I wasn’t able to perform without a physical moon, I would have been quite a burden within Nevermore, wouldn’t I?”

“That’s good to know,” Jake smiled. Thinking back, it wasn’t like there had been a real moon in the Lucenti Plains with the Great White Stag, either.

“What you said also just reminded me,” Miranda said with a frown. “You said the Chosen of the Lord Protector had gone to the moon with you, but it seems no one has heard anything since. Do you know why no one can locate the Chosen?”

“Oh,” Jake said casually. “It’s because Sandy died.”




***
Chapter 917: ”Let the construction begin!”


***






The phrasing of words is essential when communicating; everyone knows that. Jake was quite known for sometimes not thinking through what he was saying, but sometimes, he knew exactly what he said. Sometimes, it was just really fun to fuck with people a bit, especially when what you said was entirely truthful.

Miranda had simply given him too good of a setup for Jake to miss the opportunity. It was just perfect. The reaction of Miranda was great as her eyes narrowed in confusion and disbelief… with the one from Holstred and the two who had arrived with him just pure gold as their eyes opened wide as if they had just heard something they really shouldn’t have.

“Jake… what exactly do you mean when you say that the Chosen of the Boundless Hydra died?” Miranda asked after a bit, having clearly sussed out that Jake was messing with her somehow.

“Well, what happened is that we went to the moon,” Jake began.

“Right.”

“And then Sandy wanted to explore the core and met the B-grade ghost haunting the moon deep inside the thing,” he continued.

Miranda nodded.

“This ghost then killed Sandy,” Jake finished.

“To fully clarify, is the Chosen dead as of this moment?” Miranda sighed.

“No? Not right now, as far as I know.”

“Then how exactly was the Chosen of the Lord Protector considered dead?”

“By being killed,” Jake shrugged as if she was asking the most obvious question in the world.

“But they are not dead anymore, correct?” Miranda said with a high level of exasperation.

“Sandy got better.”

“Right… right,” Miranda nodded slowly. “So, to conclude, the Chosen is not actually dead. So where are they right now?”

“Went back to the Order to recuperate. Turns out dying isn’t healthy for you. Who would’ve known?” Jake said with a grin.

“Okay, this was a very enlightening conversation,” Miranda said, as he saw a glint in her eye that made Jake aware she wanted to make him do work stuff. “Now, what’s this about us having to discuss setting up a Minaga’s Labyrinth?”

As she asked, she also threw a look at Holstred and the two others, making them bow and leave. This left only Jake, Lillian, and Miranda remaining in the meeting room. Jake had feared he wouldn’t escape having to set it up now after using Miranda’s return as an excuse for not having done it yet.

“See, while it may have been an excuse I made up in the moment, I do actually think it’s something worth discussing with you,” Jake said in a pretty serious tone. “In fact, I’m pretty sure I told Minaga back when I got it that I would likely just hand it to you.”

“We both know it’s more likely you would have forgotten all about the item. Anyway, I have heard a bit about these Labyrinths while at Nevermore. If I remember correctly, they are temporary dungeons that contain an image of Minaga within, with some of the better ones even having a real clone. However, I’m not sure they can be truly viewed as strategic resources. As far as I remember, they have limited usage and a relatively short duration they can exist,” Miranda said.

“Yeah, about that,” Jake scratched the back of his head. “The one I got is a bit better than the average.”

Jake took out the funny-looking statue of Minaga giving two thumbs up as he shared its details with Lillian and Miranda.

[My Very Own Top-tier Minaga’s Labyrinth (Unique)] – Is that a dungeon in your pocket, or is it just me? Finally, a solution to missing the wondrous Minaga has been found, as you now have the opportunity to place your very own Minaga’s Labyrinth wherever your heart desires (conditions may apply). When placing the dungeon, you must choose a suitable location. The nature and design of the dungeon may be modified upon placement with advice from the Minaga clone within. This Minaga’s Labyrinth is of the top tier, allowing you to customize far more options while expanding the size of the dungeon significantly. As a top-tier Minaga’s Labyrinth, sections within the Labyrinth can cross grades. Note that the dungeon must be maintained after placement, and should it run out of power, it will disappear forever. As a top-tier variant of Minaga’s Labyrinth, it does not have a built-in expiration date.

Requirements: Soulbound.

The two of them read it carefully, as Lillian commented: ”I do think that reached the level of being considered a high-value strategic resource.”

”Right,” Miranda nodded. ”It’s… a lot different to others I have seen. Especially the part about not having an expiration date and the ability to have parts of it cross grades. Dungeons with creatures of different grades are incredibly rare, especially when you reach the higher grades.”

”So, we all agree it’s good stuff,” Jake smiled. ”Now we just need to decide what to do with it. Where should we place it? What kind of dungeon should we make with it? Input for design? Lots of questions.”

”Hm,” Miranda muttered. ”A thought just struck me… doesn’t Arnold, the Sword Saint, Sylphie, Carmen, Maria, Caleb, the Fallen King, and a lot of others also have their own Minaga’s Labyrinths to place? I have yet to hear of any of them placing theirs yet.”

”Maybe they just forgot they had it,” Jake shrugged, having very reasonably concluded the most likely reason.

”I highly doubt that,” Miranda sighed. ”Contacting them and having some kind of cohesive placement strategy may be an idea.”

”That sounds like a plan,” Jake smiled. ”See, it was smart of me to have completely forgotten the thing.”

”Sure,” Miranda didn’t even want to argue. ”Lillian, can you reach out to those with Labyrinths? Also, Jake, do you know if anyone else has top-tier ones like yours?”

”I think Sylphie does,” Jake answered, remembering she also got a 25% amplifier. ”Maybe Arnold? Not sure, though. Both of them did extremely well in the Challenge Dungeon.”

”I will reach out to them,” Lillian agreed. ”But, if I may, could I suggest perhaps not placing Lord Thayne’s Labyrinth in Haven? The city is already highly congested, and placing a dungeon that will undoubtedly attract even more attention and will only exacerbate this issue.”

”Right,” Miranda agreed, Jake also nodding along as she probably, no, definitely, had a point there. ”Then also consider looking into a good site to place the Labyrinth. Perhaps several Labyrinths if we wish to have them in the same area.”

”Labyrinth City,” Jake joked, though he knew it probably wouldn’t end up being a joke.

They talked a bit more but decided nothing more would be done for now.

If you stumble upon this narrative on Amazon, it's taken without the author's consent. Report it.

With all that handled, Jake felt like his social battery was well and truly spent for the day. Miranda also knew this and said she would contact him once there was any update on the Labyrinth situation or if she needed him for something. She did seem a bit surprised Jake was actually spending time in Haven and not at the Order, which was definitely proof Jake had spent too much time away from Earth even before Nevermore.

Jake returned to his laboratory and got to work on his acids once more. He had a feeling that he wouldn’t have as many relaxing days as before Miranda returned, but what can you do about it?

Days passed before Jake was expectedly contacted and asked to be somewhere a week later. This week also quickly went by before Jake set off to somewhere he hadn’t been before. Apparently, there had been a lot of talks about where to place this Labyrinth City – a name that had somehow become official – and in the end, they’d settled on a small town not far from the headquarters of the Noboru Clan. This is to say that Labyrinth City would be well and truly within the territory of the Sword Saint’s clan and also managed by it.

Getting there was pretty easy, as the small town of only about five hundred people already had a teleportation circle placed there. The town was placed in an area right next to a large mountain range with powerful beasts on the other side, making it a popular place to stop by before hunting across the mountains.

When Jake arrived, he was surprised to see that Miranda and Lillian really had gathered quite the group. All the expected people from the post-Leaderboards reveal get-together were there, including even Sylphie, who happily flew over to Jake when she saw him. Even Arnold was there in person, having been dragged out of his workshop. There were also some unfamiliar faces who had also done Nevermore and tried to compete on the Leaderboards.

Jake was the second-to-last to arrive, as Caleb was a bit late, but at least he had the excuse of having a kid at home.

”Thank you all for coming,” Miranda said with a smile as she directed her attention to those who hadn’t also been at the board meeting. ”It’s good to see some familiar faces I haven’t met in a long time.”

A few pleasantries were exchanged before they got down to business and discussed how they actually wanted to do this entire Minaga’s Labyrinth thing. With several labyrinths available of many different tiers, it was only natural to specialize some of them and not have too much overlap.

Of course, doing all this without having full knowledge of what exactly the Labyrinths were capable of was quite difficult, but luckily, they had an expert in the matter available.

Because, it turns out that part of the preparations over this week had been to place down a projection circle to allow a certain someone to participate. Jake honestly shouldn’t have been surprised when he saw the familiar four-eyed Unique Lifeform appear as a projection in the middle of the small meeting room.

”Bow before me, mortals,” the voice of Minaga echoed through the room as he turned toward Jake. ”Oh, and hi Jake, short time no see! You know, because any passage of time feels short to me because I’m immortal.”

”Can you turn it off?” Jake asked as he looked over at Lillian.

”Hey! That’s super rude for someone making time in their busy day to help you!” Minaga complained.

”You’re right; we shouldn’t take up your valuable time,” Jake wholeheartedly agreed.

”Well, too late now because I’ve already cleared out my schedule, so you’re stuck with me,” the Unique Lifeform crossed his arms.

”Fine, have it your way,” Jake relented with a smile.

”Minaga wins once more! Anyway, I got the gist of it. You want to create an entire city centered around my Labyrinths – very flattering, by the way – and for that, you requested some advice on what kind of design you want for each Labyrinth, right?”

”I greet the All-God Legion, and it is precisely so,” Miranda said with a polite nod.

”Alright, let’s first see what we have available,” the projection said as Jake and everyone else presented their statues. Jake saw that while Arnold’s was the second best among all of them, it was still worse than Jake and Sylphie’s.

”Hm,” Minaga said after inspecting all the statues closely. ”Damn, I look good, don’t I?”

”Are you sure we can’t turn it off?” Jake turned to Lillian again.

”Anyway, we have a few options available to us, but may I offer a suggestion I doubt you’ve considered?” Minaga asked, entirely ignoring Jake’s comment.

”Sure,” Jake answered instantly, also fine with moving on.

”Instead of making a bunch of small Labyrinths… make one big one,” Minaga suggested with a big smile. Miranda looked surprised, with others also frowning or raising an eyebrow.

”How could any of us have even considered that, seeing as nothing had ever suggested that was even an option?” Jake asked with exasperation.

”I did say I doubted you had thought of it, didn’t I?. Also, it isn’t usually an option either,” Minaga proceeded to explain. ”Inside of every Labyrinth is usually one of two things: either an image or one of my clones, with my clones appearing in the good ones. These clones are usually A-grade, sometimes S-grade, if I felt frisky about it when making it. The hawk got an S-grade within her Labyrinth. However, for yours, Jake, I-”

”Put a god-level clone inside,” Jake cut him off.

”… do you take pleasure in taking the winds out of my sails?” Minaga sighed.

”Yes.”

”Fair enough,” Minaga shrugged. ”My point is that the god-level clone is a bit more capable than usual. There are still many limitations, but extracting the energy from several of my idols to create one large Labyrinth with many different sections is more than possible.”

”How precisely would this look?” Miranda questioned. ”If I recall, dungeons usually have requirements to enter, so how would it differentiate between those of higher or lower grades?”

”The requirement to enter will be based on the lowest grade available there,” Minaga explained without any sass. ” Different parts can then be further sectioned off. Honestly, there are a lot of options available. I do have some system limitations, too, but know that this is one of the only ways to create a dungeon where, say, a C-grade can fight B-grades.”

”What is the minimum requirement you can make the Labyrinth?” Miranda continued.

”E-grade.”

”E-grade?” Miranda asked, surprised. ”That low? But won’t that cap off the difficulty at a relatively low grade?”

”It would if this was one Labyrinth and not several fused together,” Minaga shook his head. ”With all the idols here, I can make one going from E-grade all the way to B-grade. B-grade included. Oh, and that is the cap, by the way. Can’t make it have anything A-grade inside. Blame the system for that one, not me.”

Jake had a lot of questions still, and so did others, as Minaga had an entire Q&A about the plans the Unique Lifeform clearly had considered long before even coming here. Or, he was really quick on his feet to think through ideas… actually, that second one seemed entirely possible, considering he was literally a god with who knows how many clones.

At the end of the day, they decided to let Minaga be in charge of most of it. There were some very valid concerns raised, such as the fact that fewer dungeons would result in fewer titles for completing them, which was a sacrifice there was just no way around. Then there was the fact that maintaining a mega-complex dungeon like what Minaga suggested was something that no one on Earth was even close to being capable of. This Minaga quickly proposed a solution to by promising a lifetime warranty, where he would send ”repair-Minagas” to maintain it.

The plans of creating a city with a bunch of different Labyrinths had quickly morphed into something quite different. Jake also knew this wasn’t something normal at all but a very special offer from Minaga to create a unique Labyrinth dungeon for Earth. Another tourist trap for the planet, if you may. Perhaps for the better, as it would distract people from wanting to visit Jake’s lodge.

Placing the dungeon itself was actually pretty simple, at least Minaga assured them it was:

”I can change the entrance point object a bit within the set area where we place the dungeon, but personally, I recommend at least a twenty-meter tall, highly decorated marble gate. Oh, and make it gilded in gold for proper aesthetics. Naturally, a large grand structure should be constructed around this gate, serving as a landmark that can be seen even from space. If you need me to do any poses for reference, I am naturally available. I even heard Earth has quite the sculptor, though I fear he only does works of Primordials,” Minaga went on a long rant, where the only valuable information was that the entrance object wasn’t a hundred percent set from the moment they created the dungeon.

This allowed them to not delay as they selected a large open spot relatively close to the mountains. While they ignored most of what Minaga said, constructing a grand building around the entrance was a plan, with current thoughts to build it into the mountain. Of course, with how dungeons worked, they could just place a free-standing wooden door on an open field, but everyone, even Miranda, wanted to make something more grand out of it.

In the large open spot, Jake took out his statue that would serve as the base. The projection of Minaga’s clone had shown them a pretty simple magic circle they quickly drew, allowing the Unique Lifeform to do his thing even from another universe using the idols as mediums.

Once all the idols were placed, Jake activated his statue to create a dungeon. At the same time, the magic circle came to life as Jake’s statue absorbed all the other ones, and a new projection appeared in the sky of a new Minaga. This one felt far different from any prior, and he knew it was the one in charge of the coming Labyrinth.

”The time has come!” the projection said with a big smile, as out of nowhere, he pulled out a yellow hard hat and put it on. ”Let the construction begin!”




***
Chapter 918: Union Oath 2.0


***






Was Jake going to question why Minaga had a yellow hard hat, or how he even knew what a yellow hard hat was? No. Was he going to point out how absolutely ridiculous the Unique Lifeform looked with it on his head, as it clearly didn’t fit properly? Yes, of course, he was.

Jake stayed at the construction site for a little while as the projection of Minaga in charge of construction just stood there, seemingly doing stuff behind the scenes. After a bit, it became clear that he couldn’t actually let anyone inside the in-progress dungeon quite yet, but he could make holograms and whatnot of what he was making for others to give live feedback during construction.

Miranda and a few others remained to consult with him as Jake decided there was no real reason for him to stay. According to Minaga, it would take quite a while before anything was ready, and it definitely wouldn’t be complete before the Prima Guardian event was already over. For now, all they could do was wait as the Unique Lifeform did his thing, with the Sword Saint looking into getting a top-tier builder team on the structure that would serve as the dungeon entrance.

Ah, but there was one kind of interesting question asked by a beastfolk who had managed to do well in Nevermore and gotten an idol of her own. She was one of the ”elites” sent by the United Tribes and pretty strong in her own right. She did seem to have a lacking understanding of Minaga, though, based on her question:

“Should we not also turn the surrounding structure into a temple celebrating the All-God Legion?” she asked, being deadly serious.

”Yeah, no, I don’t do temples,” Minaga quickly shot the idea down. ”I don’t do worshippers in general. Faith has nothing to do with my Path at all. All the faith I could ever need, I get from myself. Well, my other selves. We like to believe in each other.”

”You’re just feeling salty you can’t give out Blessings,” Jake pointed out very accurately.

”Neither can you, but you don’t see me calling you out for it,” Minaga rebutted.

”I’m not a god.”

”Oh, and now you’re stereotyping, eh? Why, are all gods supposed to be able to give out Blessings? That’s just pure prejudice right there, and you should feel ashamed,” Minaga shook his head in overexaggerated disappointment.

“In my defense, I’m only prejudiced when it comes to you,” Jake smiled.

Either way, the conclusion was that Minaga didn’t want a big temple to celebrate him. He wanted a large building to instead commemorate the Labyrinth he was making. A pretty respectable attitude in Jake’s mind, to prefer people to praise not him as a person, but the dungeon he had created. Alright, he did want them to then praise him for being such a good creator, of course, but the point was that Minaga wanted recognition for something he’d done and not just for existing.

After everything seemed settled, Jake hung out a bit more with some familiar faces before everyone headed back to do their own thing. Everyone was preparing in their own way for the Prima Guardian to arrive and had taken time out of their day for this Labyrinth-creation day. Jake did have to admit that it felt a bit like a waste of time for everyone to go, but seeing as the idols for the Labyrinth were all Soulbound, they had to show up.

Jake didn’t leave the newly named Labyrinth City on his own, though. A certain hawk decided to join him as they decided to do something Jake was reminded of recently when he couldn’t easily contact Sylphie or even feel where she was when he prepared to head to Labyrinth City:

They were going to remake their Union Oath.

The reason it hadn’t been remade yet wasn’t just because of Jake being forgetful, though that did play a factor. It was also because when he did remember, he didn’t want to be the one to bring it up. To Jake, Sylphie was like a niece. She was family. Asking her to redo the Union Oath felt like overstepping to him, especially when one considered the limitations of the skill.

Sylphie could only have an Oath with one person at a time, and who was Jake to assume it would be him? She was free to make it with anyone she wanted. The benefits of the Union Oath were originally to allow Sylphie to do certain system events, but Jake doubted that would apply much anymore, as there were no indications she couldn’t participate in the Prima Guardian event.

However, Sylphie had asked him to remake it. Jake didn’t know if this was partly with the pressure of Stormild or something, and it honestly wasn’t his business either. He did insist on only making a temporary Union Oath like the first one, though. These Union Oaths were supposed to be for life, and Jake wasn’t going to lock down Sylphie. He wanted her to have ample opportunity to change her mind in the future.

Heading back to Haven using a few teleporters, Jake and Sylphie headed straight for his lodge. On the way, Jake decided to ask a certain someone if remaking the Union Oath temporarily was even possible, seeing as the only reason it had been temporary in the first place was due to him.

”Hey, Villy. During the last Union Oath, you interfered and kinda helped half-break the thing… can you do that again? Or is it possible to do a halfsie Union Oath like last time?” Jake asked the snake god.

”To be clear, it was you who broke the ritual the first time around. I just swooped in to exploit what you broke for my own benefit. Secondly, rather than doing a new Union Oath, it should be possible to rely on the Records of the first one to recreate it, with all its benefits and demerits. Just ask Stormild once you do the ritual,” the Viper answered, putting Jake’s mind at peace. Partly.

He still remembered his first time dealing with Stormild, and it had been… something. Trying to get a read on the massive living natural disaster was quite a difficult task, though she had seemed quite helpful the first time around. Her flighty personality just made her a handful.

Once back at Jake’s lodge and the two of them were inside, they didn’t beat about the bush as Sylphie reminded him what he had to do:

”Ree, ree,” she explained.

”Right, place my hand on the magic circle and accept the prompt. I remember,” Jake nodded. ”Let’s hope Stormild is nice this time around.”

”Ree,” Sylphie argued that Big Bird Stormild was always nice.

”Sure, sure,” Jake smiled as Sylphie did her thing. Her entire body began to glow as Jake felt powerful magic at play. Compared to back in D-grade, Jake now had a far better grasp of just how high-level the small ritual circle summoned was. Truly the work of a Primordial.

Reaching out, Jake touched the magic circle as the prompt appeared:

Unauthorized use: this story is on Amazon without permission from the author. Report any sightings.

Do you wish to begin the ritual to enter a Union Oath of Stormild with Sylphie? NOTE: Both parties can exit the ritual at any point until the final Union Oath has been made

The answer being obvious, Jake agreed as he once more felt like he existed in two places at once. He was both inside the lodge, and his soul floated as a soul form within a vast starry sky of nothingness. In the space, he couldn’t see Sylphie right away until he noticed: the wind all around him, in this entire detection range, carried her aura.

A powerful gust swept through as all the wind began to gather before forming a small hawk. Jake and Sylphie exchanged glances as they looked at the one other thing in this space. A giant tablet with a title on the top.

Union Oath of Stormild

Last time, the rest of this tablet had been entirely blank; however, this time, there were what looked like outlines of runes still remaining toward the top. Jake quickly gathered these were the remnants of the Union Oath they had before and the one they hoped to effectively renew. The entire tablet also looked more worn than last time, with small cracks around the corners, as if it was damaged. Seeing as this was a representation of the Records of the Oath, it wasn’t entirely wrong to say it actually was damaged.

”Quite the mess, eh?” a voice suddenly said as a small orb of burning wind appeared between Jake and Sylphie, making Jake instinctively shy away.

Quickly gathering himself, Jake answered: ”The tablet?”

”Yepsie,” Stormild agreed as the orb morphed into the form of a burning wind bird. ”Ah, I don’t blame you. I blame Vilas.”

”Ree?” Sylphie questioned.

”No, I could fix it, just not sure you want to? You want to do a renewal, right? Renewing an eternal oath is kind of funny, isn’t it? I think it is,” Stormild said in her usual childish tone. “Anywho, if I fixed it, we couldn’t renew the old one, now could we?”

”Ree,” Sylphie agreed before adding: ”Ree, ree?”

”We could do slight alterations like that to it, sure,” Stormild agreed. ”But both parties have to agree, and it does seem a bit silly and not at all how the Union Oath is supposed to work.”

”I’m, of course, fine with it,” Jake said, as the suggestion was excellent. Sylphie had proposed to change the Union Oath to include terms for breaking it, actually putting them into words. From what Jake had gathered, these terms were usually something like one party trying to kill the other or doing something that caused a certain level of bad karma between the two of them.

For the record, you couldn’t do terms that were just ”one party wants to break it off.”

It had to be more complex than that for the system to accept breaking an otherwise unbreakable bond. For the karma thing, as an example, the bad karma would need to be at a level that would only come from either party killing close family members of the other or doing something so morally incomprehensive the other simply found it unforgivable.

Of course, the Union Oath would usually be broken before these things happened simply by the fundamental promise of the Oath being broken. At which point the one breaking the promise in the Union Oath would already be dead.

The thing is… due to how Jake and Sylphie’s Union Oath worked, all of the usual terms and conditions applied by it were a bit wishy-washy, and death was never even on the table. Its effects were also lesser in every way, but so were all the downsides. One such lessened downside was that the terms for breaking it could be far less severe, allowing them to simply settle on a term for breaking that wasn’t overly harsh.

Still, the terms weren’t nothing. Sylphie proposed that should she think Jake was really a baddie, the Oath would break. At the same time, should Jake think Sylphie was an enemy, it would also break. No questions, no nothing. This was a simple condition and was effectively an anti-betrayal clause. Seeing as their original Oath was pretty much just to be friends, Jake wasn’t sure how much this small extra clause even did, but having it put into words couldn’t hurt.

Sylphie hadn’t made it with that in mind, though. She did it for the upsides. Because it also meant that should they continue to be close, the new Union Oath wouldn’t automatically expire for a far longer time. It was still not going to last forever, but far more than just a few years like the last one.

”Alright, alright, I’ll help,” Stormild said as the Primordial threw Jake a look. ”Ah, and make sure Vilas knows that should he interfere again, I’ll crush your soul projection so hard it’s not gonna be fun for you at all. Okay?”

Jake knew this wasn’t an empty threat as he nodded. He also felt that Villy wasn’t going to do anything, which was definitely the best for Jake’s long-term health. The words of Stormild also made it very clear that even if a lot of factions wanted Jake and would be angry if he died or got crippled, Stormild didn’t care in the slightest.

”Ree!” Sylphie scolded Stormild for the threat, as the Primordial backed off a bit.

”I didn’t say I’d kill him! Just give him an owie for acting like a baddie.”

”Ree.”

”What do you mean that’s fair?” Jake mumbled, as he really made sure Villy wasn’t going to try anything.

”Great! Then let’s get started with the Union Oath renewal!”

Jake and Sylphie nodded as Stormild got started.

”Ahem,” Stormild said as the entire tablet lit up. Words reappeared as the Primordial asked in a serious tome. ”Do you, Awesomest Uncle Jake Thayne, take Bestest Bird Sylphie to be your Forever-Friend, and do you agree that should you become a baddie in the eyes of Bestest Bird Sylphie, you are no longer Forever—Friends and the Oath will be undone?”

”I do? Yeah, I do,” Jake agreed, a bit confused until he remembered the initial wording of their Union Oath. A simple promise to be Forever-Friends… oh well, it had worked, hadn’t it?

”And do you, Bestest Bird Sylphie, take…”

Stormild asked the same thing of Sylphie, as she also agreed. The light of the tablet intensified, and a final system prompt popped up in front of Jake to indeed confirm his decision, proving whatever Stormild had just done was pure theatrics.

They both naturally agreed, and Jake once more felt the Union Oath be established. He also felt his own heartbeat speed up slightly, but he kept it under control. He wasn’t going to fight anything this time, and compared to the first Union Oath, his reaction was far less extreme. Stormild also clearly chose to stay out of the Oath entirely but was more of a facilitator than a guarantor – which was also the primary reason the Union Oath didn’t have any punishment should it be broken.

Feeling the connection once more made Jake smile. He also vaguely felt Sylphie be happy about it, proving the Oath had been a great success.

”Ree!” Sylphie screeched, thanking Stormild.

”No problem, no problem! Just keep working hard, okay? You already claimed Authority, which is a super good start and mega impressive for C-grade!” the Primordial said. Jake was still far from sure what an Authority was, even if Sylphie and that Wintermaul elemental from the Nevermore get-together had mentioned it. All he knew was that it was a good thing.

”Ree!” Sylphie gladly accepted the praise.

”I don’t really have any big pieces of advice to offer except to never become a slacker! Unless you’re really tired, then slacking off for a little while is totally fine, but then you have to come back and have super much energy after, alright?” the Primordial whom Jake really had a hard time taking serious continued.

Sylphie just nodded as if such advice was entirely unneeded. Which is probably was. Sylphie was always full of energy and definitely not the type to begin slacking off. And if she did…

”Oh, trust me, I’ll make sure she doesn’t become some freeloader,” Jake assured the elemental Primordial.

”I’m not saying she has to be as zealous as you… just not lazy,” Stormild muttered. ”Anyhow, Union Oath over! Bye, Sylphie, I’ll keep your uncle for a second!”

”Ree!” Sylphie screeched while raising a wing to wave goodbye. With that, she disappeared, leaving Jake alone with the Primordial, giving him a bit of a deja vu from the first Oath.

The moment Sylphie was gone, Jake felt the entire atmosphere shift. It turned incredibly serious as the burning bird of wind looked at him. ”You and Sylphie have both grown faster than I expected. Startingly so. I have also heard of your other exploits, and while I don’t care much for the Nevermore stuff, am I right to assume Sylphie was your first creation using your talents as the Harbinger of Primeval Origins?”

Jake, going along with the more serious mood, nodded. ”She was. My ability was not the only factor, but I’m certain she was affected.”

”Good. The progenitor of any Path is advantaged,” Stormild said in a pleased tone. ”That was all I really wanted. Do treat her well, for she intends to treat you well.”

”Of course, I will,” Jake answered, almost offended she felt she even needed to say that.

”Good, good. Oh, and do say hi from me next time you meet our mutual acquaintance!”

”The Viper?” Jake asked, unsure who she was talking about.

”No,” the Primordial simply said.

”Then who?”

”That’s for you to find out, isn’t it?” Stormild said in a teasing tone, before throwing Jake soul out and back to his lodge, as Stormild once more proved themselves quite a handful to deal with.




***
Chapter 919: Prima Guardian Preparations


***






”How the hell am I supposed to say hi to someone for you if you don’t tell me who…” Jake grumbled as the damn birdbrain didn’t make any sense at all. He genuinely had no idea who she was even talking about… it could be so many. Maybe another Primordial, seeing as Jake had met, like, half of them during Nevermore? Some Void God was also entirely possible… or maybe Artemis? It could even be that Wintermaul elemental, in case the one who’d blessed that guy was closely related to Stormild. Wait, it could definitely also be Minaga. Both Minaga and Stormild were chaotic as fuck.

Shaking the thought away as it really wasn’t worth dedicating any brainpower to, he turned his attention to Sylphie, who looked curiously at him. ”Ree?”

”No, just Stormild messing with me,” Jake sighed. Yeah, that was his conclusion, even if the Primordial could have actually meant something with her words. He really wasn’t a fan of people acting mysterious just for the sake of acting mysterious.

”Ree,” Sylphie responded.

”Yeah, not surprising an elemental spirit likes to mess with people,” he just agreed. Jake also took a moment to really feel the Union Oath once more. It was odd. When it disappeared, Jake hadn’t really missed it overly much, likely because he still always had the Golden Mark of the Fallen King to find and contact Sylphie quickly.

Then, after Nevermore, they quite frankly all could do with a bit of time apart to do their own thing. Now, it felt oddly comforting to have it back, though. Sylphie also seemed happy, which made Jake happy in return.

”So, what are your plans now? Gonna continue to help Whaleman?” Jake asked the hawk.

”Ree, ree, ree,” Sylphie confirmed. She also told him some interesting details he hadn’t heard before. Sylphie had recently adopted the role of primarily hunting elementals and given them stern talking-tos. Elementals tended not to be very good at listening, and even if they were intelligent, they were more akin to children than adults.

Some more adult-like elementals - such as the water elemental at the harbor town Jake, Carmen, and Sylphie had stopped by on their way to Paradise - were already working on taming the elementals close to human land. At the very least, the elementals were trying to eliminate them as threats to humanity.

Elementals trying to control other elementals was a lot easier than beasts trying to control other beasts, primarily due to their lower level of intellect. If a smart and powerful water elemental entered a group of dumb water elementals, these other water elementals would instinctively begin to follow the smart one.

Sylphie was this concept taken to the extreme. Other wind elementals practically worshipped her. She even told him of the time she went to the cloud islands that had drifted away from hanging above Haven a while ago. All the Cloud Elementals, Storm Elementals, and other variants were incredibly subservient to Sylphie without her even needing to do anything.

Maybe it has something to do with that Authority skill, too? Jake questioned himself without having any means to confirm. Sylphie also had no idea when he tried asking her, either.

”Seems like you got a quest ahead of you,” Jake smiled, happy Sylphie had something to do.

”Ree?”

”I’ll just stay here, I reckon,” Jake said. ”Gonna do some alchemy and be available for when people start returning to Earth. Jacob, Casper, Eron, and many others will make their way back for the Prima Guardian event, and I want to be ready for when that happens. Or, at the very least, be within quick flight distance to help Miranda when the time arrives.”

“Ree,” Sylphie nodded in understanding before waving her goodbyes… but not before flying by and stealing one of Jake’s time bananas.

Speaking of the time banana musa. It had grown a little, so that was great. Not much else had changed, though. Truthfully, it would have been weird if the musa had experienced any great changes in less than a year, as these things tended to take their time growing.

Anyway, with Sylphie gone, Jake returned back to his laboratory beneath the lodge as he didn’t have any more obligations for now. With Miranda back, he also felt a lot more assured that things would be handled elsewhere, and he also trusted that there wasn’t really anyone capable of making trouble for her. At least not anyone where Jake’s skill set of beating people up could help, as he trusted she could do that herself. She had genuinely impressed him with her progress, but not as much as Lillian.

Both of them had grown strong. They still weren’t absolute top-level geniuses, but Jake could see Miranda reach a level where pretty much no one her level stood a chance if they entered her domain. He recalled the Dark Witch and her simple domain that already made her a lot stronger and more difficult to deal with. Adding someone with actual intellect and cunning to control such a domain was just straight-up a nightmare.

Lillian was a far more classical mage, but she still gave off an odd aura and was far from actually being a normal mage. Both of them were the kind of mages that didn’t really fight people straight-up but did weird shit to win. To be clear, Jake was totally okay with that, as long as they weren’t his enemies, because damn did he hate fighting super-tricky opponents. To date, Valdemar had still been the best kind of foe there was: just a dude with an axe who was really strong.

Inside the laboratory, Jake refocused and went back to his acid project again. He did plan on spending the last half a year or so specializing in creating his most powerful iteration of Heartrot Poison yet. While he didn’t know for sure the Prima Guardian would be a flesh and blood Vitality-based lifeform, Jake heavily assumed it was based on how most of the Primas had been beasts. It really wouldn’t make much sense for a big robot to suddenly appear… but if it was a robot, then hey, he had something to test his acids on.

With a loose plan in mind, Jake delved into his alchemy once more, as there really was little more to do now than wait for the system event that would decide the fate of the planet. Oh, and greet his acquaintances and friends as they returned to the planet.

As Earth was making its own preparations for the Prima Guardian to arrive, so were all the other planets in the ninety-third universe. The ones that had enlightened ones who successfully united under one banner anyway. Planets like the one Draskil came from had effectively fallen already and were now ruled solely by beasts.

Many other planets that had technically united still faced huge challenges, as even if the World Congress had elected a World Leader, that didn’t mean all civil unrest was addressed.

Especially not when one introduced the powderkeg that was people returning from Nevermore. People, more powerful than ever, some of whom had finally hit their stride, were not satisfied with their stations and were now grasping for organizational power. Many changes of leadership happened across the multiverse, and multiple factions appeared, battling it out even if they were meant to work together in preparation for the system event.

For the smaller planets, with less area unexplored, they could perhaps make do even if there was internal chaos. However, for others, this led to their chances of handling the Prima Guardian significantly falling.

If you encounter this tale on Amazon, note that it's taken without the author's consent. Report it.

As per the system message during the final mandatory World Congress, the power of the Prima Guardian also scaled with how many Primas had been killed and the overall performance of the people on the planet during the initiation. So, when some people had to abandon the planet – not unlike how the Holy Church and Risen had left Earth – after having killed some Primas, it could cause an imbalance between what the planet looked capable of beating and what they could actually beat.

This method of scaling was also a boon to some – assuming the goal was just to beat the Guardian - if a lot of people from their planet had left to become more powerful with divine factions, having thus killed fewer Primas. This was naturally with the expectation they would return.

Of course, the power of every individual planet wasn’t necessarily the only deciding factor. There was also the entire Prima Guardian Alliance – an aspect of the upcoming event Earth had voted not to take part in. At the cost of splitting rewards, this would allow several planets to band together and assist one another. Meanwhile, Earth would not be able to interact with this alliance before they had killed their own Prima Guardian.

All in all, there was a lot going on with this event, but at its essence, it was pretty simplistic:

A powerful boss would appear, and the people on the planet have to defeat this boss along with an army of undefeated regular Primas who had grown more powerful while away. More beasts would likely join them, making it only reasonable to prepare by ensuring that not too many or too powerful beasts would join the Primas. This entire army and the Prima Guardian must be defeated within five years, or the Guardian will claim the Planetary Pylon.

Should the Prima Guardian take over, no one truly knew what the result would be. Perhaps they would enslave the enlightened races, kill them all, or become some sort of benevolent leader, meaning having the Prima win was actually the best outcome imaginable. Or, you know, it could just make the planet go boom.

The point is, no one knew. Not even the gods.

All of these system events during the initiation of a new universe were unique. They did share some similarities here and there, allowing some of the oldest and most knowledgeable gods to theorize, but having a reasonable theory was far from the same as actually knowing.

This Prima Guardian event also being linked to a World Wonder, was something never seen before during any initiations, adding even more interest. As hinted at already, chances are individuals could take control of parts of the World Wonder. With time, perhaps even the entire World Wonder. WIth how things were playing out currently, it was reasonable to assume one potential method to take control was through these system events during the initiation. That was an utterly massive incentive to get involved, even for the largest of factions, as controlling a World Wonder was simply invaluable.

Yet even with this divine influence, the chances weren’t good for some planets across the Milky Way… at least it didn’t look like it was initially. But they all had one hope. The most powerful of planets tended to vote for dealing with the Prima Guardian themselves to get the most rewards, just as Earth had. However, there was one exception to this. One pinnacle planet that had voted to join the Prima Guardian Alliance and become their leader and symbol of hope:

Ell’Hakan.

Despite his homeworld being more than fit to solo the Prima Guardian, he had joined the alliance. After he returned from Nevermore, the belief in his skills had grown to newfound heights, as they placed all their trust in him. While he hadn’t beaten the Chosen of the Malefic Viper, he had proven himself second of the entire multiverse this generation. He had proven himself more than capable.

Of the planets across the Milky Way that had joined the alliance created by the system, nearly five hundred were now already under his banner. A massive coalition, controlled by the Chosen of Yip of Yore, with many of the gods supporting Yip, having blessed people on the many planets, as it quickly became clear this alliance was morphing into something more than simply a temporary alliance to defeat the Prima Guardian.

It was Ell’Hakan laying the groundwork for the eventual galactic politics related to the Seat of the Exalted Prima… and who knows, there might even be a Galactic Congress in the future.

Months passed, and Earth only continued to improve. People were also still coming back from Nevermore throughout this time, but there was no turmoil or anything caused by their return. Even people who had left to be with their divine factions in other universes began to make their way back to participate in the upcoming system event.

Their return was once more partly due to the lack of information. Nobody knew what the rewards for this event would be, and no one dared risk missing out on something that could be significant and reward great Records. It was entirely possible that merely participating – no matter how minor your role – would earn you a title or something like that. Many even hoped they could ride on the coattails of the ridiculously powerful people on the planet and get partial credit for defeating a Prima Guardian that was definitely close to the highest difficulty one would find in the ninety-third universe.

While many relatively unknown people returned, many known figures also began to make their way back, or at least been polite, and announced their return to Miranda. Casper had contacted her and given an actual estimated time of arrival, where he also explained it wouldn’t just be him coming.

Tens of thousands of Risen would return to Earth in what had to be a massive undertaking. But, not knowing if the rewards would be worth it, it was something they chose to do.

It was also hinted that the group was as big as it was because they wanted to set up a permanent outpost on Earth should they succeed against the Prima Guardian. Even before they officially proposed this as an option, the World Council was in tentative agreement it should be allowed, even if their presence didn’t come without… let’s just say, challenges.

Miranda was already stressing a bit as there really weren’t many Risen on Earth after Casper and the others left. There were only a scarce few, and there were no whole towns or anything like that with only Risen. She had also spent a lot of resources dealing with all the damn xenophobia of both the Earthlings and many of the freed slaves, and having Risen to now also deal with was an entire thing. They were a far more unpopular race across the multiverse than nearly any other race, besides maybe ectognamorphs.

The Risen were not as hated as the damn vampires they already had plenty of, though. A race the Risen also historically didn’t like.

Oh, and then, to make matters even worse, Jacob applied to return together with a group from the Holy Church. It was the kind of request that was overly polite from their end, promising gifts and compensation for allowing their visit, making any form of rejection an obvious “fuck you” to the largest faction in the entire multiverse. Something that Jake would have been fine doing, but Miranda had enough diplomatic sense to know there was nothing to be gained from offending them needlessly, so she accepted their application. Though, contrary to the Risen, she had no plans of offering them the possibility of having an outpost after the event was done.

So, to summarize, there would be Risen, vampires, and people from the Holy Church - all supposed to be together, fighting the Prima Guardian. This was despite the Holy Church and Risen both having standing kill orders should one spot any vampires. Yeah, Miranda definitely had her work cut out for her, but hey, dealing with all this was great for her level. Not as great for her general stress level, but the levels made it worth it, right?

Other less controversial individuals and factions also announced their return. Eron would return with only a dozen or so people who belonged to the Dao Sect. They were people Miranda hadn’t even known were originally from Earth, and quite frankly, it didn’t matter much. The Dao Sect was perhaps the most neutral faction in the entire multiverse, never really getting involved in anything big or causing any trouble.

All in all, this system event would be a massive reunion of everyone from Earth. The ridiculous fighting power they would display was also almost comical, and Miranda genuinely looked forward to seeing what the event could possibly throw at them that Earth couldn’t handle.

She assumed the answer was that they could handle the Guardian… which was why she was already looking ahead and making plans. But all of that was for after their own Prima Guardian was confirmed dead. For now, the most immediate thing was making sure all the people who would visit for the event didn’t end up killing each other before the boss even arrived.

However, while they waited for many of those who had announced they could come, the first to arrive was someone Miranda hadn’t even really considered, and someone Jake wasn’t even sure would come. No, someone he wasn’t even sure could come.

It was still a bit less than half a year till the Prima Guardian, and Jake had just begun his Heartrot improvement spree when he was contacted by Miranda. However, even before she contacted him, Jake had this weird itch that was explained when he heard the message:

“Sandy has returned to Earth… bringing along a certain Vespernat Hive Queen.”

That’s right, Vesperia had finally come to Earth.




***
Chapter 920: Insecurities


***






While Jake had thought about Vesperia coming to Earth, and it was even theorized she could, he hadn’t actually known it was possible before now. What’s more, Sandy had returned with her, making it a double-whammy of creatures he had partly helped “make” come to the planet.

“Where is she and Sandy right now?” Jake quickly used the magic telephone Arnold had installed in his lab to ask Miranda.

“They already left and are heading your way, sho-“

Right then, Jake saw a giant worm appear above his lodge through his sphere. He smiled and cut off Miranda:

“They’re here, thanks for telling me, and good luck with… stuff!” Jake said as he also cut the connection without admitting he genuinely had no idea what Miranda was dealing with these days. Hopefully fun stuff.

Hurrying up from his laboratory, he saw how Sandy struggled to find a good place to land without breaking anything. The valley Jake’s lodge was placed in wasn’t that large, and Sandy eventually shrank down a bit before finally touching down on the soft grass.

Getting outside, Jake smiled as he saw the giant worm. “Hey, Sandy! You look all healed up.”

“Eh, I’m getting there. Still rebuilding stuff. Next time we go on an adventure, I would prefer if it didn’t end with me dying,” Sandy answered.

“Can’t make any promises,” Jake joked. “I heard you also brought along Vesperia?”

“Oh yeah, I did,” Sandy confirmed. “She’s just finishing up some work inside one of my stomachs. Did you know she also has a stomach-like thing for all her bug friends? Well, more bug slaves, but my point is she also got a big subspace.”

“I knew,” Jake nodded. “What are you having her help with?”

“Convinced her to leave one of her spawns within one of my stomachs to create stuff. Very efficient at gardening and stuff like that,” Sandy explained. “Also, quick question, you’re her dad, right?”

“I… won’t really say that’s accurate,” Jake muttered. “Not really. I don’t actually think there’s any normal word for the kind of relationship we have. Calling me her creator also feels wrong, so I really don’t know what you would call me.”

“She calls you Sire. So I guess you sired her?”

“Again, all of those things feel very weird to put into words,” Jake sighed. “Anyway, back to you! Have you remade that resurrection egg yet?”

“Nope, gonna be a while. Super expensive to make and damn time-consuming. They also take this kind of special resource that isn’t even a real resource that shows up anywhere. I just know when I’m low on it, and it regenerates super-duper slowly, even if it is sped up when I get levels and stuff,” Sandy explained. “It’s a bit hard to understand, so it’s all good if you don’t get it; all I’m saying is that the egg isn’t ready yet.”

“Pretty sure there are few people who understand better than I do,” Jake smiled, as Sandy had effectively just explained his Jake Juice. And no, Jake wasn’t going to explain back in kind, nor would he use the term Jake Juice, as that would definitely get a lot of comments and jokes from Sandy.

“If you say so…” Sandy didn’t really seem to take his words seriously. “Oh! Vespy is nearly all ready!”

“Vespy?” Jake raised an eyebrow.

“A cute nickname for my little sister,” Sandy joked.

“You do know that if you insist she is your sister, that would mean Sylphie is your big sister,” Jake pointed out.

“Seeing as I don’t come from an egg, I was born before she was, making me the older sibling among us all. Checkmate.”

“Recently, there was also this Demon Lord…”

“Doesn’t count,” Sandy left no room for argument. “Besides, Vespy is fine with me calling her Vespy, so you don’t get to complain. Also, here she comes.”

Sandy opened their mouth before Jake could say anything more as the familiar yellow figure of Vesperia appeared before him. She still towered over him and wore a silken dress with a striped black and yellow bee pattern. Or, well, perhaps calling it a wasp pattern was more accurate.

“It’s good to see you again,” Jake said with a smile as he looked up at Vesperia. He saw her antennas twitch a bit as she also smiled.

“It is likewise a pleasure to meet you once more, Sire,” Vesperia answered. She seemed a bit nervous for some reason. Jake couldn’t even begin to guess why, as he really couldn’t see any reason why she would be, and he chose not to mention it.

“How have you been? Did everything go well when you returned to the Endless Empire? Did your sisters, the other True Royals, treat you properly?” Jake asked a slew of questions. Vesperia did look like things had been good over the last few years, but he still felt the need to ask.

“Yes, they have all treated me most excellently,” Vesperia answered in her usual polite tone. “I have also laid claim to much of my heritage that was left behind when the last Vespernat Hive Queen fell. All of my sisters have been incredibly supportive during this entire process and helped facilitate my growth as much as possible.”

Jake nodded, happy to hear that things had been good. She definitely wasn’t lying about the growth either… in fact, she was higher level than he was.

[Vespernat Hive Queen – lvl 284]

It was so high that Jake couldn’t help but wonder:

“Wait, have you gone to Nevermore?” Jake asked, clarifyingly.

“No, and I likely won’t,” Vesperia shook her head. “The World Wonder does not fit me or my Path much. Going there would also be seen as a massive risk, and finally, we True Royals have many secrets we wish to keep hidden from others. Secrets that we do not wish to reveal to the Wyrmgod for him to spread to the highest bidder after the fact, especially not to the Automaton. No, my growth in level has come nearly solely from growing into my powers and accepting part of my heritage.”

“I see,” Jake nodded. Yeah, Jake doing Nevermore had definitely revealed many of his secrets to the Wyrmgod and others. Some things would still be kept hidden, but a lot had been shown off. One also had to consider that many of Jake’s secrets were related to his Bloodline, and not even the Wyrmgod could fully analyze and detect what that did during the World Wonder. The same wasn’t true for True Royals, who relied on system-based skills.

If you come across this story on Amazon, it's taken without permission from the author. Report it.

Finally, the Wyrmgod would also be more willing to keep secrets for Jake due to Villy. The Primordials all had some odd bond and a lot of deals and whatnot, something the True Royals didn’t have. So, yeah, he could see why going to Nevermore was a huge risk that Vesperia or any True Royal quite frankly had no reason to take.

It wasn’t like Nevermore was mandatory in any way. To the vast majority, it was just a good leveling spot, and a way to bang out some dungeon clears for the Dungeoneering title. Vesperia could clearly level totally fine on her own without relying on that based on her progress so far.

“But I heard you have done quite well in Nevermore,” Vesperia commented after a bit. “In fact, as well as anyone possibly could.”

“Could have gone worse for sure,” Jake jokingly downplayed the entire thing.

“That is an understatement. You know, many of my sisters weren’t keen on me going to Earth initially, even if it was to participate in a system event, but when I left, none of them were voicing words of protest anymore, only well-wishes for my journey,” the True Royal said, shaking her head. “The Endless Empire truly does want a good relationship between them and you, using me as the binding agent.”

“Well, as long as you’re part of the Endless Empire, we’re automatically on good terms,” Jake shrugged.

Vesperia took a second before she smiled and nodded her head again. It was also only now that Jake had noticed she had lowered herself to be about the same height as him by going down on her knees. Jake wanted to point it out but didn’t.

“I do fear that it could cause problems with the Automate if you state that publicly…” she said, a bit worried.

“Eh, It’ll be fine,” Jake waved it off. “As robots, they should have enough logic to know that even if I’m on good terms with the Endless Empire, that doesn’t automatically make me an enemy. Shit, I’m good friends with both Risen, vampires, and those from the Holy Church. I am using the Viper’s peak strategy to attain perfect neutrality by pissing everyone off and making friends with everyone at the same time. All while trying to make myself someone really risky to outright make an enemy.”

Hey, it worked for the Viper, so it should work for Jake. Sure, it did make the Viper some enemies, like Yip of Yore and all his cronies, but wouldn’t life be boring if you didn’t have at least a few people gunning for you?

“There certainly are a lot of people unwilling to make you an enemy for no reason and even more wanting you as an ally,” Vesperia said in a slightly relieved tone. “I just want to ensure I’m not imposing on you.”

“Of course you’re not,” Jake shook his head, not even sure why she would say that.

“Nevertheless, the other True Royals were also concerned that me being here so openly could create diplomatic challenges, so to hopefully make up for any problems my presence might cause, I’ve brought along some gifts. They aren’t something you, Sire, can use but more something to support the budding empire you are constructing. We have already left the spatial stone with your assistant… Miranda, I believe,” Vesperia continued.

“Not really making an empire, but sure, I’m sure Miranda will be happy with any resources she can get,” Jake said. “I am curious, though, what kind of stuff did you bring?”

“Primarily formation blueprints and materials to make the formations. There were naturally also a great number of metals, gems, wood, bones, leather, carapace, and many other raw resources to support the growth of Earth.”

“Sounds like good stuff,” Jake nodded, unsure if it was actually good stuff.

“Outside of these gifts, please let me know if there is anything I can directly assist you wi-“

“Why are you being so weird toward me?” Jake suddenly asked, having finally gotten enough of Vesperia acting off. “You’re being overly polite, and almost… see, that’s what I’m talking about.”

As Jake spoke up, he saw Vesperia become quite nervous as she fidgeted a little. Her antennas were practically vibrating, and her eyes kept darting around during their entire conversation, not to mention how she looked like she had no idea what to do with her hands. Then there was the fact she had taken a weird kneeling position to have her head slightly lower than Jake’s. It was all super weird.

“I… I did not mean to cause any dissatisfaction… I-“

“She’s nervous because she hasn’t seen you in a long time, especially compared to the time you spent together. She already felt insecure if you really needed or wanted her in your life before leaving for the Endless Empire, and you seem to only have grown more powerful and influential since then with all the Nevermore stuff, making her even more insecure now. Pretty sure Vesperia has a strong innate need to feel needed and useful, and you have shown no indications of needing her for anything substantial,” Sandy jumped into the conversation as Vesperia looked panicked, whipping her head around to look at Sandy.

“You! I confided that to you in confidence, I-“

“Jake is a bit of a dum-dum and doesn’t have proper worm-level intellect, so you need to be straightforward with him at times,” Sandy said, making Jake feel pretty insulted as he was already processing the first thing Sandy had said.

“Still… I don’t want to…”

“Jake, stop acting dumb and give her head pats already!” Sandy yelled, throwing Jake out of his thoughts.

“That’s not what I-“ Vesperia protested.

“Oh, if you dislike those, Jake should make sure to never give you any ever again,” Sandy shot back.

“I didn’t say-“

Jake finally interrupted their conversation as he reached over and placed a hand on top of Vesperia’s head as he spoke with a hopefully comforting smile. “While it pains me to admit, I am a bit slow on the uptake sometimes regarding things like this.”

Vesperia didn’t say anything but only lowered her head as she blushed. Jake couldn’t help but shake his head as he saw the movements of her antennas, making him ruffle her hair.

“I feel like I need to apologize for you not feeling comfortable to just talk to me if you felt nervous or insecure,” Jake said after a bit. “But I can say that you have no reason to be nervous. Also… I won’t just trust Sandy’s words for everything, so please just talk to me, alright?”

Seconds ticked by as Jake kept patting her before Vesperia finally spoke. “The Boundless Hydra’s Chosen isn’t entirely incorrect…”

“Just call Sandy, Sandy,” Jake said in a calm tone. “No need to act overly polite toward that big worm either.”

“Seconded! It’s super weird that my little sister Vespy calls me with some long title,” Sandy jumped in again to support Jake. “And as your older sibling, let me once more say… just be candid, alright? That works best with Jake here.”

“Alright…” Vesperia said, obviously trying to calm herself.

Jake just sat there for a bit, giving her time. He did feel bad about making her feel insecure and nervous despite knowing it wasn’t really his fault or something he could have done anything about.

It took a bit longer before Vesperia finally spoke, having gathered her thoughts. “I… feel like I’ve only caused trouble for you so far. I forced you to reveal your identity as the Chosen of the Malefic One, forced you to openly disclose abilities of your Bloodline, and even made potential enemies for you, all simply for existing. Meanwhile, I’ve done nothing to assist or benefit you in any way. I wanted to pay you back, but I truly have no idea how to do so meaningfully. I can’t see why you would need me or what value my presence adds, as you have proven yourself more than capable all on your own. I… am questioning why I even came or why you would want me here.””

Jake didn’t interrupt as she spoke, even if there were many times he wanted to interject. When she was done, he let her words hang in the air for a moment before talking:

“You are right, I am more than capable on my own,” Jake said, as he felt Vesperia fidget slightly. “And as you said, I don’t need any of you. The key word here being: “need.” Me not needing you, Sandy or almost anyone doesn’t mean I don’t want you around. I don’t need you to add some tangible value or offer me some boon for me to want you here. We’re kind of family, aren’t we? You just being here is more than enough.”

Vesperia slowly nodded, pushing her head slightly up into Jake’s hand. He quickly understood as he started rubbing her hair again.

“Now, me not needing your help doesn’t mean you aren’t allowed to help,” Jake smiled. “In fact, I’m pretty sure there are plenty of things you can help me with. Just helping those around me also indirectly helps me, and I’m certain you are capable of quite impressive feats. In fact, I’ve been looking forward to hearing and seeing what you’re capable of after having had some time to do your Hive Queen stuff. Of course, only if you want to show me.”

The True Royal finally looked up, her face entirely red, as she clenched her fists. “Please let me show you my abilities!”

So… yeah, Jake wasn’t a psychologist or therapist or anything like that, but he was pretty sure Sandy had hit the nail on the head when the worm said Vesperia had a strong innate need to feel needed and helpful.




***
Chapter 921: Hive Queens Are Scary


***






Jake and Vesperia hadn’t ever really spent that much together, and he truly didn’t know what she was actually capable of. All he had seen from her was her ability to enter fighting mode, which ultimately wasn’t her main power.

She was a Hive Queen. A living one-woman army that commanded an entire hive of powerful insectoids to overwhelm and slaughter anyone who dared oppose her. Her personal ability to fight was a last resort or to be used only alongside her workers and soldiers. Well, primarily soldiers, Jake reckoned, as workers were meant to stay back at the hive.

Now, after a few years, Vesperia had plenty of time to learn more about her abilities, but more importantly, to actually create some creatures for her hive. Something she enthusiastically wanted to show off.

“My internal space serving as a temporary hive has expanded significantly as I have progressed through C-grade, and I have even absorbed unique treasures provided to me by the Endless Empire to facilitate further growth. This has led to me having an internal space capable of storing at least a few million creations, though I have far from filled it up. To do that, I will likely need some more Hive Queens to assist me,” Vesperia happily explained, as Jake nodded along with interest.

“Have you made any more Hive Queens yet?” Jake asked.

“Only two so far, and both of them were made without any fertilization,” Vesperia answered nonchalantly. “I find it too early for me to look into any potential mates. Besides, if they are too weak, their Records will only end up weakening the Hive Queen.”

Yeah, Jake wasn’t going to touch that topic with a ten-foot pole. He sure as hell wasn’t going to discuss Vesperia’s potential love life, though going by the tone she spoke with, it didn’t seem like she viewed the act of fertilization as anything that had emotions involved in it. It was purely a way to potentially improve the Records of a Hive Queen.

“One of those Hive Queens is in my stomach right now! I’m making a wasp farm!” Sandy added happily.

“That’s nice,” Jake said with a smile. “How about the second one?”

“Would you like to see her?” Vesperia asked. Jake nodded his head without any hesitation, quite curious for sure.

“Do note this one is still very young,” she said, as Jake felt the movement of magic. That is also when he learned that the way Vesperia summoned things from her internal world wasn’t just like pulling stuff out of spatial storage.

A large yellow spinning portal appeared, and a few seconds later, a pretty damn massive wasp walked out. It had no humanoid features at all but just looked like a big wasp with a surprisingly huge thorax compared to the wasps he usually saw. Jake also felt that this Hive Queen was barely in C-grade and not particularly strong either… likely because it was focused on tending to and expanding hives.

[Vespula Hive Queen – lvl 208]

It was even an entirely different race. A Vespula Hive Queen. Still a wasp but far from a True Royal. Jake wasn’t disappointed or anything, though. The mere fact Vesperia could create a creature like this all on her own, possessing a full Truesoul and being its entirely independent being, was incredibly impressive.

“She hasn’t had time to learn to change her form yet,” Vesperia quickly clarified as she looked at the large wasp.

The wasp bowed its head toward Vesperia before it looked at Jake. “I greet the Sire of the True Royal.”

Yeah, Jake definitely shouldn’t be surprised the big wasp could talk and responded politely: “Nice to meet you, too.”

“As you can see, despite being young, Hive Queens are born with the same innate knowledge that I was, albeit far less. She is only a year old and already ready to establish her own hive once a suitable site is found,” Vesperia explained.

“I see,” Jake nodded, impressed.

Could he just mention how fucking scary eusocial insects like Vesperia were? She could create creatures that could make more creatures, creating a massive army within only a few years. He totally understood why many sought to eradicate any ectognamorphs once discovered on a planet, as should they go uncontested, most planets would be overrun.

“Alright, please return to the Internal Hive,” Vesperia said to the young Hive Queen. It bowed its head once more and quickly walked back through the portal, which did make Jake wonder…

“Say, can others enter the portal? Could I?”

“I apologize, that’s not possible. Only creatures I have created can enter. Even that Hive Queen cannot make any spawns within, and I wouldn’t be able to house anything she makes in the future either,” Vesperia said very apologetically as she deflated a bit.

“Why apologize? That’s not necessarily a downside. It means the space is far safer by default, and enemies have no possible way to sneak in and hurt the young within. In fact, I would say it’s a feature more than anything else,” Jake said, shaking his head.

Vesperia smiled as his words quickly pepped her back up. “Hive Queens are far from the only spawns I have made. Actually, they are the only creatures not truly part of the Vespernat Lineage.”

She proceeded to bring out more wasps to show off. Three pretty different insects appeared, all with varying names, looks and purposes, their races pretty explanatory.

[Vespernat Soldier - 267]

[Vespernat Worker- 255]

[Vespernat Pollinator - 248]

All of them looked purely like insects. The Soldier was the biggest of them at about three meters long, and it definitely looked designed to fight. The Worker and Pollinator looked a lot less dangerous, especially the Pollinator. Rather than a wasp, it looked more like a cross between a wasp and a bumblebee, with its many soft hairs, making it look pretty cute.

“These are some of the common drone variants I can create,” Vesperia said proudly as she proceeded to briefly clarify some more ectognamorph things.

These three weren’t like the Hive Queen in that their souls were a bit… lacking. They were the same as the termites from that hive back then. They relied on the Queen and didn’t have the intelligence to act on their own. Should Vesperia fall, they would also cease to function and quickly just die.

This did come with some upsides, though…

“While I am still lacking, I am up to around two thousand Soldiers, five thousand Workers, and a few hundred Pollinators,” Vesperia said with a sigh as if that wasn’t already a fuckload.

Unauthorized content usage: if you discover this narrative on Amazon, report the violation.

Jake raised an eyebrow, surprised at the number. “How many of those are C-grades?”

He could already imagine… If just a tenth of them were C-grades, that meant she had an army of two hundred C-grade Soldie-

“Oh, those are the C-grades. Counting D-grades and below, I have approximately fifty times that,” Vesperia clarified.

Jake stared a bit as he processed this. Even if these Soldiers were weak variants compared to regular beasts… that was still a fucking army, wasn’t it? What’s more, she genuinely didn’t think this was a lot?

Again… Hive Queens are fucking scary.

“That’s quite the army,” Jake said after a brief pause as he processed Vesperia walking around with a few hundred thousand insects in her pocket. He did have one more thing he wondered, though. “Do you have more powerful variants?”

“Two more,” Vesperia said. “Royal Guards and Queen’s Guards.”

“Damn,” Jake muttered. “How many of each?”

“Twenty-six Royal Guards and four Queen’s Guards,” Vesperia answered.

Sending back the three drone variants, a new specimen appeared that looked a lot different than anything prior. These did not look much like wasps at all but reminded Jake far more of how Vesperia looked in her warrior form. They each carried what looked like stinger spears, as well as carapace shields, and they walked on two thin legs. Their far bulkier forms than Vesperia in her warrior form, as well as them not giving off the same kind of scent – likely pheromones of some kind - made Jake wonder something as he also used Identify.

[Vespernat Royal Guard – lvl 274]

“Are these males?” Jake asked curiously.

“Yes,” Vesperia confirmed. “Royal Guards are those among a brood who failed to fully mature into Queen’s Guards, hence why they are males.”

Jake nodded as he kept observing the five Royal Guards Vesperia had summoned to show off, ignoring the fact that in ectognamorph society, males tended to be the half-cooked specimen. A very matriarchal society that one. Focusing on the Royal Guards, they were impressive indeed and even pretty powerful variants. They are at least above average, and dealing with an entire army of them would be quite the challenge.

Dismissing the Royal Guards, Vesperia finally brought out her biggest guns: the Queen’s Guards.

The four of them were about six meters long, and they looked a lot like regular wasps except massive. No, perhaps calling them hornets would be more accurate, seeing as they had far darker colors and looked more aggressive. One big difference was that their mandibles were far larger, and their legs looked almost metallic, reminding him a bit of the Hive King from the termite nest.

Then, there were, of course, their stingers. They were not as puffy but longer in shape, with a very pointy tip. Jake’s Sense of the Malefic Viper also made it very clear that there was some nasty venom on the other end – something that wasn’t really unique to Royal Guards, as most wasps had venom.

Anyway, the entire bodies of these Queen’s Guards looked made for combat, and even their antennas were glowing with magic. Healing magic, as far as Jake could tell. These weren’t low-tier variants at all but were powerful in their own right and would no doubt be considered high-tier elites worth nurturing if they were part of any faction. He doubted their level of teamwork was anything to scoff at, either. Even their levels made it clear they were far from weak.

[Vespernat Queen’s Guard – lvl 282]

[Vespernat Queen’s Guard – lvl 280]

[Vespernat Queen’s Guard – lvl 281]

[Vespernat Queen’s Guard – lvl 282]

These four huge Royal Guards sat passively on the lawn, not doing anything as if waiting for Vesperia to give them any commands.

“I can only create four Queen’s Guards currently with my abilities, and the rest of my elites will have to be Royal Guards,” Vesperia explained. “I can make way more of the regular drone variants, as they barely consume any Hive Energy to maintain. Ah, Hive Energy is a special resource I have that dictates how many I can spawn, and everything that isn’t its own separate Hive Queen counts.”

“You sure learn something new every day. Also, I do wonder… why do the Royal Guards have humanoid forms while these four look perfectly insecty?” Jake asked.

“Oh, that was just a choice for this demonstration, and due to the peculiarity of the transformation of these guards,” Vesperia said as she looked at the four Queen’s Guards. “Transform.”

Instantly, they reacted as all four of them grew in size, and within seconds, they turned into carbon copies of Vesperia in her warrior form. Even their auras changed to resemble hers, and without his Bloodline, he wasn’t sure he could have told the difference. Jake even tried using Identify…

[Vespernat Hive Queen – lvl 284]

“Are these…?”

“Look-alikes,” Vesperia said, smiling. “A tried and true strategy of old."

“That’s… impressive,” Jake said, as he kept comparing the four of them to Vesperia. “Are these also considered drones, or?”

“Partly,” Vesperia clarified as she motioned toward one of the Queen’s Guards, who promptly spoke:

“We live to serve the Queen and have the required mental faculties to do so efficiently,” she spoke in a voice that was even identical to Vesperia’s.

“Having a look-alike that couldn’t even act like me wouldn’t be a very good one, now would it?” Vesperia said proudly. “You four may return to the hive.”

The four of them nodded and went through the portal without saying anything more. After they left, Vesperia closed the portal again.

“Ah, I should mention their ability to mimic me isn’t a known ability and shouldn’t be shared, as it would make it far less effective,” Vesperia casually clarified that she had just revealed one of her big trump cards.

“Of course I won’t share anything,” Jake reassured her.

“I totally would if they had the right bribe,” Sandy also decided to jump into the conversation. “Ah, who am I kidding. I wouldn’t do that to my little sister Vespy.”

“That actually reminds me,” Jake said, looking at Vesperia. “Are you alright with Sandy calling that nickname? I know that Sandy can be a handful, and I would gladly give the big worm a stern talking to.”

“It… it’s fine,” Vesperia said a bit shyly as Sandy jumped right back in.

“Vespy is also having mixed emotions about having her own name already and you not naming her like the rest of us. Seeing as your naming convention sucks, Vespy totally sounds like the name you would have given her if you had been the one to decide, so me calling her that makes her feel like we’re all closer,” the worm once more inflicted panic upon Vesperia.

“… if you want me to also call you Vespy, that’s totally fine?” Jake muttered. “And… well, that probably is the kind of name I would have given.”

“Make it a special family name!” Sandy wriggled happily.

“I… I would be fine with whatever Sire wishes to call me,” Vesperia said.

“That means she wants you to call her Vespy as that sounds way more familial,” Sandy just wouldn’t let up causing Vesperia mental attacks.

“Vespy it is then,” Jake smiled as he saw Vespy blush, making him instinctively reach up and pat her head. Her only response was to lower herself a bit, making it easier for him to do so.

“I must say, your abilities surpass my expectations,” Jake said happily while still rubbing her hair. “You really are a one-wasp army. Do you also remember what we talked about earlier regarding you helping me with something?”

Vespy’s head instantly shot up as she looked at Jake. “What is it?”

Jake smiled and shook his head and pulled back his patting hand – much to Vespy’s disappointment - before explaining. “While preparing for the Prima Guardian to arrive, we are addressing as many potential risk factors as possible. The skies, seas, and land are very much covered, but the subterranean world is still mostly unexplored. What we do know is that there is quite an Isoptera presence that, last time I heard, is far from fully addressed. There might even be some ants or other hives, too.”

“Does Sire wish for me to make contact with these hives and eradicate or place them under our control?” Vesperia asked nonchalantly.

“Not gonna lie, as long as they are addressed, I don’t care how you do it,” Jake shook his head. “But I would still be careful. They are underground, where I don’t know how good your variant is at fighting, seeing as you’re wasps and all. They also had a lot of time to grow, so they might have become quite powerful. Not to mention the fact that much of the underworld remains unexplored, and I don’t know what other dangers might be waiting. As I said, much of it remains unexplored.”

“Firstly, Sire, the Vespernat lineage does not struggle underground. Many of the offshoots from the Lineage are underground dwellers already, and we are more than adapted to that kind of environment. Perhaps not as much as other True Royal Lineages of the Endless Empire, such as the True Royal Lineage ruling the Isoptera line, but in the end, they are only Isoptera. My goal will also not be to fight them. Simply to announce my presence and allow them the honor of swearing fealty.”

Jake furrowed his brows. “Are you sure they will be that receptive? What if they choose to fight back?”

Vesperia looked at Jake with a perplexed expression. “Why would they ever fight against the honor of submitting to a True Royal? One who even acts with the blessing of their True Royal ancestors? Even if I asked the Hive Queens to all kill themselves, it would be the greatest moment in their lives, simply for having the privilege of carrying out a direct order from me.”

… had Jake ever mentioned that True Royals Hive Queens are mega scary?




***
Chapter 922: The Fine Line Between Cute & Terrifying


***






Jake knew that the logic of ectognamorphs was something he truly couldn’t understand. Vesperia also looked at him as if what she had said was only natural… which in her world it was. He had already known that the Endless Empire was the most hierarchical organization in the entire multiverse, putting even demons to shame, but still.

Throughout the multiverse, power was the ultimate decider of status. Jake was the Chosen of the Malefic Viper, yes, but he also knew that not a single god in existence viewed themselves as beneath him. Them being nice to him was either a display of respect toward the Malefic Viper, or because they found him interesting for his future potential. None of them would ever agree to be his subordinate and swear loyalty to Jake as a person, as he was ultimately just a mortal who was beneath their statute.

For Vesperia, it was different.

During the following conversation, where Jake asked some more things about how sure she was things would work out fine if she approached a bunch of other Hive Queens on Earth, and Vesperia explained a bit about her time at the Endless Empire,

She told him that during her time there, many variants of the Vespernat Lineage had made their way back to the Endless Empire. They had been independent factions before, operating by themselves with only a friendly relationship with the Empire, but when they heard – and felt – that a new Vespernat True Royal had appeared and resided at the Endless Empire Heartlands, they made their way there.

This included Hive Queen gods. Even a few at or around the realm of Godqueen – powerful beings with much renown in the multiverse in their own right – hurried there. Not just to see Vesperia but to recognize her and swear their loyalty without even knowing anything about her. It was also merely an implicit understanding that they were now part of the Endless Empire, ruled by Vesperia and Vesperia alone.

Despite how much weaker she was, they recognized her as their unquestionable leader. It was simply blind, biological devotion and loyalty, with no thought for rhyme, reason, or logic. They were just compelled by their nature. And while Jake had a good grasp of following his instincts… he did find the entire concept tough to fully grasp.

“I… to clarify, if you told a bunch of gods from your Lineage to go kill someone…?” Jake asked, just to clarify, after Vesperia was done with her explanation.

“Hm, I reckon they would ask the reason and offer me advice if it’s a good idea or not to carry out the order,” Vesperia answered without much thought. “Of course, that assumes it’s someone that’s controversial to kill.”

“And if you insisted, no matter the person?” Jake continued pressing.

“They’d naturally carry out their duty.”

“What if the other True Royals of the Endless Empire disagree?” Jake tried again.

“In that case, I would certainly consider the matter carefully,” Vesperia said, thinking a bit more about that one. “But I find the probability of that happening low. My desire to want someone dead badly enough to even disagree with the other Hive Queens beneath me will more likely than not be a desire born of the greater good of the Endless Empire, and my sisters would never disagree with something like that. However, let’s say that I want to do something everyone disagrees with. Just know that, no matter what, they do not have the authority or right to command me, even if I respect their opinions immensely.”

“What if Jake asks you to do something and the other True Royals oppose?” Sandy decided to also ask a hypothetical that Jake wasn’t sure he really wanted the answer to.

“That… would be problematic,” Vesperia answered with a frown. “I guess at that point, I would have to understand both sides and the essence of the disagreement and then simply decide for myself what I believe is best.”

Alright, that was a very balanced and reasonable response.

“To clarify, I am not going to be causing trouble,” Jake said. At least he wouldn’t cause any problems on purpose.

“Sure, sure, but what if the Endless Empires decide to make you an enemy for some reason?” Sandy continued to try pushing their hypothetical scenario.

“That wouldn’t happen,” Vesperia simply shook her head. “The Endless Empire does not declare enemies that easily, and if only one of the True Royals part of the council disagrees, it won’t happen.”

“So there you have it, no reason to fret over something that won’t happen,” Jake said, closing the subject.

“Fine...” Sandy said, sad they couldn’t cause trouble anymore. “Well, this has been fun, but I’m going to go and say hi to that scientist guy again and see if he has procured anything tasty since last time. He promised me more snacks if I visited again.”

“Sounds fun, enjoy yourself,” Jake waved the big worm off as Sandy took to the air and headed toward Arnold to do who-knows-what, leaving Vesperia and Jake behind in the valley.

“Sandy sure is a peculiar creature,” Vesperia commented once the big worm was gone. “I looked through the library of the Endless Empire and even consulted my sisters, and there were no traces of knowledge about their race anywhere. Then again, neither could I find anything regarding Sylphian Hawks. Don’t get me wrong, my hope was to perhaps find something to help assist them in their future growth, but… nothing.”

“The Malefic Viper also doesn’t seem to know much, if anything,” Jake shrugged. “Not that it matters, does it? I doubt they need much help to progress or to be told some historical facts about what’s best to do. They just need to follow their own instincts, and I believe they can go far. The same is true for you. Just keep doing what you’re doing.”

Vesperia smiled at his words. “Perhaps you’re right. Simply following my instincts without considerable forethought just seems foreign, yet also familiar. As if it clashes with my inherited memories.”

“Well, you aren’t just a normal True Royal, if there even is such a thing.”

“You’re right… I am also one of Sire’s creations,” she nodded in agreement.

Jake still wasn’t super keen on someone calling themselves his creation, but he just nodded nevertheless as he cracked a joke. “You’re not just a Vesperia… you’re also a Vespy.”

She smiled and lowered her head a bit as Jake got the hint and placed a hand on top of it. Having seen what she was capable of – and what kind of forces she commanded - he was already looking forward to what kind of chaos Vesperia could cause on Earth.

“Would it be fine if I call Miranda over? If you wanna help with the Prima Guardian defense, it would be best to keep her in the loop, and I’m sure she has some good information to get you started,” Jake asked Vesperia.

You might be reading a pirated copy. Look for the official release to support the author.

“If you deem that the best course of action,” Vesperia agreed with a nod.

“I do, for sure,” Jake said as he pulled out a one-way communication token and quickly infused a message. “Besides, if I don’t keep her in the loop, I’m gonna get quite the scolding later. I can already imagine Miranda sending some poor party into a hive, only to find it already overrun with wasps, causing panic for the poor wayward adventures. Better to work together.”

“I’m still not entirely sure what this Miranda woman is to you. Is she not serving you?” Vesperia asked with some genuine confusion. “How could she dare scold her master?”

“She works for me,” Jake clarified. “No, I guess it’s more accurate to say we work together. I help her, she helps me, it’s all about mutual benefits. I also trust her, and she’s good at her job. But if she wishes to one day leave, I won’t do anything about it either. The same is true if she one day falls too far behind or fails to live up to expectations, at which point she will be fired. I don’t hope that happens, but it’s a possibility.”

“You humans have such odd relationships,” Vesperia sighed. “Truly difficult to understand.”

“Maybe,” Jake shrugged as he would argue it was ectognamorphs who had weird as fuck relationships, even if they were a lot simpler on paper.

Waiting for Miranda, they sat and talked a bit more on a bench in front of the pond as he continued to pat Vespy. It didn’t take long before Jake detected the resident witch, who’d quickly made her way over. Jake couldn’t blame her either… a True Royal visit had to be considered a major thing, right?

He just hoped Miranda and Vesperia could get along. If not, things would get awkward.

Miranda was already stressed enough with all of the factions who would soon arrive on the planet. Making sure that fights wouldn’t break out was a damn struggle, and there was also still all of the usual existing problems. Earth had truly become a melting pot, and melting pots always had their own unique challenges.

But, she had believed things were getting under control. Everything was finally calming down a bit… and then she got word that Sandy had returned to Earth. That in itself was fine, as the giant space worm didn’t really cause much trouble on their own. There were a few annoyances from people wanting to meet Sandy, such as representatives from the United Tribes, but nothing the Chosen of the Lord Protector couldn’t deal with on their own.

However, the passenger Sandy brought along wasn’t someone Miranda could take lightly. Not in the slightest. True Royal was truly a deserved title, as they represented the peak of the Endless Empire – a pinnacle faction of the multiverse.

What’s more, the power a True Royal wielded was of an entirely different nature to people who simply had a high status. Jake was the Chosen of the Malefic Viper, yes, but he was still “only” a C-grade for now, and he wouldn’t be able to command the forces of the Order of the Malefic Viper unless the god agreed and gave him express permission.

A True Royal needed no permission. All on her own, she was that peak figure who could command even gods to do her bidding. The ectognamorphs were the only race Miranda was aware of, where the deciding factor in the hierarchy wasn’t power but the status of one’s caste. What’s more, this power in the hierarchy wasn’t just some agreed-upon social construct but a tangible biological component of their races. It was simply the nature of every single ectognamorph to follow the command of their True Royal – their queen of Hive Queens.

And now one of those True Royals was on Earth. A thought that was far from comforting. It wasn’t just that she was a powerful being in her own right, but that Miranda was legitimately afraid of the consequences if something should happen to her.

No, look on the bright side, she could also prove very useful, Miranda tried to tell herself, as she was finally contacted by Jake to go meet this True Royal. It was honestly a huge relief he contacted her, as she had honestly put it down to a fifty-fifty if Jake would keep her in the loop about what he and the True Royal were planning. Good to see they didn’t have another Eternal Hunger on their hands from him unleashing a True Royal on Earth haphazardly.

Arriving in the forest part of Haven, she hurried to the lodge. She could already feel the presence of the True Royal there, and she made sure to calm herself down fully before having her meeting with a being that truly deserved to be called royalty of the multiverse.

While she had briefly met the True Royal prior, this would effectively be their first real meeting, and she wanted to make a good impression. It was also undoubtful that this kind of encounter was impactful on her progress as a Court Witch.

Walking into the valley, she turned a corner before finally laying her eyes on Jake and the True Royal sitting on a bench in front of the small pond. Miranda had a lot of thoughts beforehand and felt quite nervous, but…

What she saw was a True Royal, capable of commanding armies that could destroy galaxies with ease, sitting with eyes closed as Jake ruffled her hair. What’s more, she didn’t lean away or object but leaned further into the hand as if she were a cat getting petted.

Kinda cute… Miranda thought before catching herself and clearing her throat.

The True Royal instantly sat up straight, while Jake had clearly already been aware she was there. Miranda chose to act as if she hadn’t seen anything weird as she bowed slightly. “I greet Her Majesty of the Vespernat Lineage.”

Seeing her stand up, Miranda only now saw how damn tall the True Royal was as she also greeted Miranda. “It’s a pleasure to meet the Court Witch of the Verdant Lagoon. I have heard good things from my Sire about your abilities.”

Their tones were formal, but the words of the True Royal made it very clear she viewed Miranda as someone of clearly lower status than herself. That wasn’t something that really bothered Miranda, as she also knew the only reason a True Royal even bothered being on Earth and was willing to help them was because of Jake.

“I do not wish to waste your time, so let me get straight to the point: I have been informed Her Majesty is willing to assist us with handling ectognamorphs on Earth and address them before they become potential issues during the Prima Guardian event?” Miranda asked clarifyingly, including what Jake sent in his brief message.

“That is so,” the True Royal simply confirmed. “I was told you had some information that would make this task easier for me. Also, it would be best to ensure I do not interfere with your ongoing operations, especially the operations of the Void-Touched Mechanic.”

“Naturally,” Miranda nodded, agreeing having her and Arnold clash wouldn’t be a good idea. “I have brought along a map and an overview of where we are currently focusing. May I ask how Her Majesty plans on approaching the task of spreading the knowledge of her presence?”

“I will send drones with my pheromones across the planet and into any hive they detect,” the Vespernat Hive Queen said casually as she received the items Miranda had brought along, containing all the information she would need. “After a brief discussion with my Sire just before your arrival, we agreed that I shall not exterminate or make them surrender to us outright but merely order them not to take part in the upcoming event in any way. That way, you can continue using them as nourishment even after the event concludes.”

“A good strategy to keep them around,” Miranda nodded. In truth, she wasn’t really worried about the ectognamorph hives on Earth. They were more hunting spots than real dangers, as Earth was more than fully capable of handling them. Having the True Royal make sure they wouldn’t interfere during the Prima Guardian event would definitely be nice, though.

“Naturally. It was one Sire proposed,” the True Royal said, Miranda having to fight really hard not to comment that Jake’s ideas weren’t usually in the camp of being “good.”

“Just to jump in, we did also discuss having some of her drones help map out the underground while employing the hives she encounters to help,” Jake joined the conversation.

“I see,” Miranda said. “Definitely coordinate with Arnold on that front, as he has also been working on mapping out the underground in the area beneath human-controlled lands.”

“Got it,” Jake nodded as he turned to the True Royal. “I assume you can discuss with Arnold alone?”

“I will do so,” she nodded, her tone very different when she talked with Jake compared to Miranda.

“Goodie,” Jake nodded. “I also just had a thought… can you leave one of your Queen’s Guards here for a bit? I want some of its venom. For science.”

“Of course,” the True Royal instantly agreed to what, according to all the etiquette books when dealing with a True Royal Miranda had read, was a giant no-no.

“Great,” Jake smiled brightly as he patted the True Royal on the head. “Thanks Vespy.”

Rather than be insulted at the pat and nickname, the True Royal simply smiled and lowered her head as Miranda once more had intrusive thoughts about the Hive Queen being quite adorable.

Miranda also couldn’t help but think…True Royals were terrifying, yes. But if they were considered terrifying, then what the hell would you call the guy who was casually patting one on the head while calling her a cute nickname?




***
Chapter 923: Politics Still Suck


***






Miranda stayed a bit longer, discussing stuff with Vesperia, as Jake tried not to get in the way. He did feel like the two weren’t being very friendly but overly professional. It wasn’t ideal, but better than them being assholes to one another, for sure.

After Miranda left, Jake had half-expected Vesperia to do the same. However, she made no attempts to but stuck around even as Jake planned on heading to his lab to do some alchemy with one of her Queen’s Guards. She seemed to notice his confusion and quickly clarified:

“I see no reason to go out myself, but will instead only send my drones to do the job. No purpose in me taking any risks for myself, and my sisters were also very adamant about being as safe as possible while here on Earth. And the safest place is by your side.”

“So you’re staying here?” Jake asked.

“Can I not?” Vesperia asked, looking at him with big eyes.

“Of course you can; I was just surprised,” Jake quickly wanted to make clear. “I just think it will be boring for you, as I plan on doing alchemy all the time.”

“It’s fine; I shall attend to my own matters, too,” Vesperia said with a smile. “I have much to attend to within my Internal Hive. It will slow down things a bit that I have one less Hive Queen to assist me with Sandy having taken one, but one should be enough to continue to facilitate my growth.”

“That actually got me thinking… how do the Hive Queens help in the internal world? I thought you said they can’t spawn anything in there?”

“They cannot… but they can help spawn the eggs I make. Making eggs does not consume that much Hive Energy on its own; it’s only as they grow and hatch the true cost comes. I can have other Hive Queens share some of this cost in Hive Energy with me, effectively making spawns cheaper for me, at the cost of reserving some of their Hive Energy on my behalf,” Vesperia explained. “Queens who do this a lot often end up taking one of two Paths. One Path is to become a fully support-type Hive Queen that never aims to make its own hive but only assists the true Hive Queen of the Hive. The second is to become Warrior Hive Queens, focusing all their time on improving their combat skills, as the majority of their Hive Energy remains constantly reserved anyway, making it not worth it for them to focus on creating their own spawns. Ah, but some Warrior Queens also simply never focused on making any spawns in the first place, and they can even lose their ability to do so with evolutions.”

“I see,” Jake nodded, getting a far more detailed and longer answer than he expected. Also, by now, he was wondering how many huge internal secrets of the Endless Empire Vesperia had shared with him so far. Probably a lot, right?

“Well, if you’re gonna stick around, how about a quick lab tour?” Jake said with a smile, Vesperia gladly agreeing as the two of them headed down to the laboratory beneath the lodge.

Granted, things did seem a bit cramped in places, as Hank had constructed it with human height in mind, but Vesperia managed nonetheless as Jake showed off the place. He did wonder if she was incapable of shrinking herself in any way, but didn’t ask outright as that seemed rude in case she couldn’t. Actually, if she could, she definitely would have by now, seeing as how she nearly hit her head on every single doorframe.

Once the tour was over, they ended up in the alchemy lab. Due to the alchemy lab itself being inside a giant bubble of glass, Vesperia couldn’t really enter it while Jake did his alchemy, as breathing in toxic fumes wasn’t healthy unless you had Palate of the Malefic Viper.

Luckily, there was a bedroom right next door where Vesperia could set up shop. Unluckily, she had to bend her head a bit to not touch the ceiling. Back to being lucky again, that wasn’t really a problem as Vesperia didn’t plan on actually being in the room much.

Summoning the portal to her internal world, Jake’s first thought was that something would break if one of her large spawns tried to walk out of it. However, she didn’t plan on bringing anything out. Instead, she would go in.

Now, Jake had very much assumed her way of entering her internal world would be through meditation and having an avatar or something in there. Not to physically walk through a portal with her real body, which just left so many questions.

Seeing as she was the source of the portal, wasn’t it like bringing a portal into a portal? Kind of? Secondly, what would happen if someone broke the portal while she was inside? Thirdly, wasn’t having a portal constantly active like this incredibly risky? Like, what if someone decided to toss dangerous shit in there while she couldn’t sense the outside world? True, no living being could enter, but Jake confirmed that he could pump in toxic mist if he so desired.

Also, while living beings couldn’t enter, that didn’t mean they couldn’t try. Trying would usually result in a rejection, but should they be powerful enough and press hard, they could collapse the portal, which brought Jake back to the second problem.

He couldn’t help but voice his concerns at what may be a fatal flaw of how the Internal Hives of the True Royals worked… but in retrospect, he should probably have known they had long either addressed these kinds of things, or it wasn’t really a problem.

“Firstly, while I cannot see outside the portal, it’s pretty standard to leave some scouts outside to ensure nothing unforeseen approaches. More often than not, I wouldn’t even wait for someone to try and enter the portal or throw anything into it but simply collapse it upon noticing their approach. Now, this is a bit annoying, as that leaves me trapped in my Internal Hive, but I can always open up a portal in the same place I collapsed one… and if all else fails, I can simply have one of my sisters come fetch me and help me out,” Vesperia explained.

Still, Jake still saw an issue there.

“What if it happens in the ninety-third universe, though?” Jake questioned. “Will you just be trapped until the universe opens up who-knows-when?”

“No?” Vesperia said, looking perplexed. “My Internal Hive isn’t located in the ninety-third universe.”

“… when you say it isn’t located here in this universe, do you mean it has an actual physical location that one can go to?” Jake asked, very confused. As he understood it, something like an Internal Hive had to effectively exist within the soul of someone, right? At least, that’s how he knew it worked with Sandy and others who had “internal spaces.” Even Jake’s Palate, which could house physical items, was inside his soul.

“Yes?” Vesperia kept looking confused. “The Internal Hive is located adjacent to the Hidden World from which True Royals once entered the multiverse – our deepest heartlands. It exists physically within the void, outside of any universe, and it wouldn’t be inaccurate to refer to it as a pseudo-nascent divine realm, at least in its function. To make it clear, my Internal Hive is by no means standard, but one I have obtained due to inheritance owed to me on account of my Lineage.”

“That… huh,” Jake muttered. “Doesn’t that mean it’s a sure-fire escape method to just enter your Internal Hive, collapse the portal, and hide there while waiting for help?”

“No, it’s incredibly risky,” Vesperia shook her head. “I said it’s adjacent to the Hidden World, but distances in the void aren’t truly a concept. No one knows where the Internal Hive is located… but with a collapsed portal, they can track my location, as I lose the system’s effects that help hide it when the portal is active and I’m inside. Seeing as the Internal Hive is located in the void, my enemies will be able to attack me once they know the location. This is how many True Royals have fallen to the Automata throughout the eras. In many ways, it can be compared to how gods try to keep the location of their divine realms within the void hidden.”

This book is hosted on another platform. Read the official version and support the author's work.

Jake just nodded along, feeling like he learned a lot. Probably a lot of stuff he shouldn’t have, and things that were definitely considered confidential… something that was confirmed a moment later as he heard the voice of the Malefic Viper.

“I’m sure also learning a lot about True Royals today… or at the very least getting quite a few theories confirmed,” the god said, sounding quite pleased with himself. This prompted Jake to quickly raise a hand as Vesperia looked about to speak again.

“Hey, I just wanna warn you, the Malefic Viper is listening in to every damn thing you’re saying… so probably keep all the secrets of the Endless Empire under wraps a bit,” Jake said with concern.

Vesperia just smiled at his warning. “I am fully aware and do not worry. It has been agreed that I can provide both you and the Malefic Viper every piece of information I have volounteered thus far. The Endless Empire views you as a close ally and as if you are part of my Hive. Almost like an honorary member of the True Royals, if you will. Seeing as the Malefic One is your Patron, we also view him, at the very least, as someone we wish to foster positive relations to, and thus will show goodwill towards.”

“And people say you can’t do politics… now look at you, fostering powerful diplomatic ties between the Order and the Endless Empire,” Villy teased Jake.

“You are one of the primary people who call me bad at politics,” Jake shot back.

“Accidentally being good at it once in a while doesn’t make you a professional. At most, you are professionally good at being accidentally proficient in politics,” the Viper teased Jake, who chose to ignore the damn snake god and focused on Vesperia instead.

“I guess I can only thank you and the Endless Empire for the trust. From both me and the Viper,” Jake said with a smile.

“It’s only natural. You’re my Sire, after all,” Vesperia said, clearly not viewing her show of trust as a big deal. Likely because it wasn’t to her.

After a bit more small talk, Vesperia entered her Internal Hive while Jake went into his alchemy lab. His plan was still to work on the Heartrot Poison, but now he had added a bit of stabby-time with wasp venom to feed his Palate.

His alchemy session began, and he was only slightly disturbed when Vesperia went topside and unleashed her army a few days later before going back underground again. She did this a few times, sending her drones in different directions while also using Jake’s phone to sometimes talk to Miranda.

Whenever Jake and Vesperia did talk, it was mainly about getting him some wasp venom. Through the grapevine, Jake did hear a bit about what was going on with Earth, but he focused the vast majority of his attention on doing alchemy.

Weeks turned to months, and things were busy on the planet for sure. Vesperia’s drones swarmed across Earth, spreading her message to all the hives. What’s more, according to her, many of the bigger hives were in contact, and the order of the True Royal would definitely be known to all ectognamorph on the planet before the Prima Guardian arrived. So that was one potential source of trouble dealt with.

Hearing how Vesperia and others helped did make Jake feel a bit guilty about just doing alchemy, but he tried his best to stay focused and with his one-track mind, did a pretty good job.

Even when people started to arrive on the planet, Jake didn’t go out to meet them. It simply wasn’t needed, and Miranda even told him that Jake staying away made Earth look stronger. Jake wasn’t sure if she meant stronger as in actual power or more that Earth’s position appeared stronger when they didn’t even feel the need to bring out the true leader of the planet. As if telling the arriving groups that they were ultimately only guests, and at a lower position, unable to make any demands.

Now, Jake did want to go say hi when Casper and the Risen arrived, but Miranda once more informed him not to, with Vesperia in vehement agreement. She also explained things to Jake, making it clear that the entire “stronger” discussion before was definitely about political stuff. Jake really hated political stuff… especially when Vesperia made it clear politics were to blame for Jake not going to meet his old buddy.

“You view it as your friend visiting, and if he had arrived alone or with only a couple of people, you could have gone. However, he is not here as your friend but as an envoy and diplomat of the Risen. He is here in an official capacity, and before treating him like the individual who is your friend, you must treat him according to the whole he embodies. Anything else could cause misunderstandings, especially as the Risen are far from a popular race, and your showing favoritism toward them will cause dissatisfaction for some. Especially seeing as I doubt you plan to show the same welcoming mood toward the Holy Church, a far more popular faction in the multiverse. Remember, even if they do not have any official position on the planet, many still view them as a positive force in the multiverse, and they do still have some believers around, too. Worst case scenario, your actions may even lead to speculation that in the conflict between the Risen and the Holy Church, you side with the Risen.”

“In my defense, I do like the Risen more than the Holy Church…” Jake muttered, making Vesperia shake her head.

“Better to keep such emotions hidden until you can truly act upon them. Neutrality is a powerful weapon and defense, and right now, you have a powerful position as this planet’s World Leader. You are capable of keeping everyone in check because they all fear being the ones to make you break your neutral stance and act against them, so as long as you remain impartial – at least on the surface – you also remain fully in control,” Vesperia continued to explain.

“You know, for someone who has a hard time understanding human relationships, you are very good at human politics,” Jake said with a sigh.

“The Endless Empire is a mostly neutral faction, so having some basic understanding of politics is a given. Sure, we do act in our own interest, and we do not fear making enemies, but there needs to be something to be gained. Right now, I do not see the benefits of making any factions your enemies or even to make them view you less favorably,” Vesperia continued.

Jake wasn’t going to comment on the absurdity of a wasp that was only a few years old teaching about politics, and at this point, he did have to admit that a lot of it was willful ignorance. All of the pussy-footing and political bullshit was just too opposed to his Path, where simplicity was at the center. Still… best to just listen to the people who know how to politic. Even if politics still suck, but that was implicit.

“So, to sum it up… it’s best I remain all haughty and arrogant, staying as the high and mighty World Leader who refuses to even entertain interacting with anyone visiting before absolutely necessary?” Jake wanted to clarify with Vesperia, who had obviously also talked this all over with Miranda.

“You will show yourself before them soon,” Vesperia said with a smile. “You should have received the system invitation already, haven’t you?”

“I have? To what?” Jake asked, confused, as he quickly pulled up his notifications. Firstly, he had to skip past the four levels he had gained over the last quite a few months – a huge reason for which was definitely the tasty wasp venom he had consumed through repeated stabbings. These notifications also included the period before Vesperia arrived, so it had actually been quite a few months.

’DING!’ Profession: [Heretic-Chosen Alchemist of the Malefic Viper] has reached level 272 - Stat points allocated, +35 Free Points

’DING!’ Profession: [Heretic-Chosen Alchemist of the Malefic Viper] has reached level 275 - Stat points allocated, +35 Free Points

’DING!’ Race: [Human (C)] has reached level 281 - Stat points allocated, +45 Free Points

’DING!’ Race: [Human (C)] has reached level 282 - Stat points allocated, +45 Free Points

After skipping a few more, he finally found the one Vesperia had been talking about as he wondered how the hell he had missed it:

Announcement to all eligible nobles and special invitees on Earth: A World Congress has been scheduled, set to start in: 14 days & 11:17:54.

You must be within the territory of a Pylon of Civilization and have permission to enter from the City Lord or ruler of the Pylon.

“Oh yeah… Miranda did talk about calling a World Congress before the event started,” Jake muttered. “I guess I’m expected to attend this?”

“Of course,” Vesperia giggled a bit. “In fact, it will be the one thing you will attend, as it will allow you to meet all factions at the same time in a setting where it’s clear you have a superior position.”

“And I’ll be right next to Miranda so she can coach me,” Jake pointed out as a thought struck him. “Wait, will you also be there?”

“Naturally,” Vesperia smiled.

Jake had to hold back a sigh as he could already imagine this little World Congress being quite… something.

Oh well, Jake saw no reason to fret about it. He returned to his alchemy as two weeks quickly passed, and it was soon time for the fourth World Congress of Earth: Prima Guardian Strategy Meeting Edition.




***
Chapter 924: Someone Just Had To


***






”So, you’re clear on your role, right?” Miranda asked Jake who had three women stare him down with expectant looks.

“Keep quiet and look menacing?” Jake asked a bit nervously. “At least for the most part…”

“You can speak up; just do so with forethought,” Vesperia added.

“I would recommend you to only speak up if you deem it absolutely necessary,” Miranda kind of disagreed. “Outside of your small opening speech, of course.”

“Do I really need to do a speech? Can’t you just do it?” Jake tried to worm his way out of it.

“No, as the World Leader, it needs to be you. Plus, it allows you to avoid actively participating in the following discussions if you don’t want to, as you’ve already made your position in the matter clear right from the get-go. Finally, we should at least show a basic level of courtesy by you directly addressing our visitors and all the leaders who are taking part in this World Congress,” Miranda continued to explain.

“There’s no need to worry; just memorize the speech as best as you can. Or, at the very least, the spirit and central message of it. You can make the words and the delivery your own,” Lillian also chimed in.

“Adding some personality would be best,” Vesperia agreed with a nod. “And allow them all to bask in your aura meanwhile. Do not actively push it to suppress them, but don’t restain it either. Let them know you are indeed the most dangerous being in the room, and make it clear that declaring you an enemy is not in their interest.”

“Indeed,” Miranda concurred too. “While the chances of individuals wishing you, I, or any of the other leaders of Earth harm are low, and we have yet to catch anyone with such thoughts, it’s still better to be safe than sorry. If you let your aura remain unconstrained, perhaps it can even help sniff out a few of those who are still dissatisfied with you. Make mental notes of these people.”

Jake slowly nodded as he tried to remember everything, as he looked at the paper on the table with the speech written on it. At the bottom, they had even included all the key points he had to go over in a concise fashion.

This meeting in Jake’s lodge was the final preparations for the World Congress, where the three women wanted to coach Jake and make sure he was ready. While this was definitely way lower stakes than stuff such as the Chosen Ceremony, Miranda still took it very seriously, and Vesperia definitely added a layer of complexity as she would also be participating. This would be her first time openly showing herself to the leaders of Earth, and first impressions were always important.

There were some potential issues they had gone over but didn’t really have the ability to prepare or safeguard against. The biggest one was who would take part in this meeting, more importantly, how damn different those participating would be, and what kind of conflicts that could give rise to.

To summarize, there would be a Unique Lifeform leading a group of monsters, vampires from the Noboru Clan, the Sky Whale representing a horde of beasts, Casper and the Risen, Jacob and the Holy Church, assassins from the Court of Shadows, Valhal, Jake himself, Arthur and “normal” humans who were still struggling with adapting to the system, former slaves of different races… and now they even had a True Royal ectognamorph in there, another very unpopular race.

It was, to put it nicely, a clusterfuck of factions where a good chunk of them were openly in conflict, with a few very unpopular races mixed in just for good measure. It felt almost inevitable that something would happen, but they hoped to suppress anyone daring to cause a scene by Jake being a scary guy, making it clear he would come down on anyone who acted like trouble-makers.

Quite the responsibility, but Jake would just have to deal with it.

“I believe that’s everything we meant to cover,” Lillian said after a brief pause. “Do also remember that the format of this World Congress is a bit different than usual.”

“True, I forgot to mention that,” Miranda nodded. “It was good you gave me permission to schedule and plan the congress. There are quite a few options for customization, and it took longer than I anticipated, especially sorting out who to invite and issuing these invites to all those who arrived on the planet after the event was planned. Not to mention planning the actual congress and its setup.”

Jake could only agree as he kept checking his paper with the speech on. They discussed a few more minor things before finally, the event arrived. Jake received his invite and quickly accepted it as he felt himself being moved elsewhere. This wasn’t just moving his soul either, but his entire physical body was teleported to the recognizable World Congress hall.

Things had changed since the last time Jake was there, though. Before, he always assumed it was in some weird system-created space that didn’t really exist anywhere, but now he knew… they were deep beneath the ground. As deep as one could possibly get, as Jake was confident:

This space existed within the Planetary Pylon.

He didn’t really have time to share this discovery as he stood on the usual platform, though it had been raised to an even higher position than before, making him stand the furthest up by far. Alongside him, Miranda, Lillian, Vesperia, Arnold, Holstred, and two more people Jake didn’t really know appeared.

Across the hall, others also began to arrive, as Jake spotted all the expected participants. He didn’t know how often this many in-conflict factions and races could be gathered in one space like this, but this had to be a pretty damn rare sight, right?

Jake also saw that the Fallen King appeared on his right while the Sword Saint popped in on his left. He saw that a familiar face had joined him as Reika stood by her great-grandfather’s side, along with quite a few vampires. Bringing several vampires had definitely been a conscious choice to “show them off,” so to say.

The Sky Whale in his human form also made his appearance, standing next to the Fallen King, with even Sylphie having decided to join him. This was another difference between the purely system-created World Congresses and the one Miranda made herself… the invited members were no longer limited to those with nobility titles or humanoids. She could invite anyone she wanted, which she clearly had, as many beasts and monsters of different sorts appeared in their humanoid form.

Arthur also appeared just one step further to the left of Jake, standing next to the Sword Saint. On another elevated position, Caleb and the Court of Shadows teleported in, showing they were also considered of high status. Now, Valhal wouldn’t get one of these elevated podiums, as they were still – at least officially – not on super good terms with Earth’s leadership after the Ell’Hakan debacle.

However, they were placed right next to the elevated platforms, proving they were at least halfway out of the doghouse. At least, that’s how Miranda had explained it… because, yes, the placement of every single faction had been a huge consideration. This was yet another reason why it was good Miranda had handled everything regarding this event because Jake would have just auto-sorted and told the system to place them alphabetically or some shit like that.

A case of content theft: this narrative is not rightfully on Amazon; if you spot it, report the violation.

After about a minute, everyone had arrived, and a system message appeared.

Welcome to the World Congress of Earth: Prima Guardian Preparation Strategy Meeting.

This World Congress is scheduled to discuss Earth’s approach to the Prima Guardian event. There will be no votes during this World Congress, but it shall solely serve as a strategy meeting for the upcoming event and for all participating forces to get acquainted. All privacy functions of the booths have been disabled to foster proper cooperation.

Violence is not allowed during the World Congress. The purpose of this World Congress is discussion, and outright hostile actions or threats are not permitted. While in this space and on the planet as a whole, everyone is expected to act according to the laws of Earth.

This message wasn’t actually written by the system but by Miranda and Lillian. It did seem like they had made it quite a lot shorter compared to some of the initial drafts Jake had heard about, but it definitely got the job done and set the stage with how it finished by telling everyone to act nicely.

Jake gave everyone a bit to read this message, as sadly, he was the one supposed to initiate this World Congress. Taking a breath, Jake remembered the main parts of the speech and spoke as he infused his voice with mana and let his unconstrained aura spread.

“Allow me to echo the message earlier and welcome you all to this extraordinary World Congress. I see quite a few familiar faces, some old, some new. Some who’ve acted against my own and Earth’s interests before, and some who’ve always remained allies. Know that this is not a time for grudges, and we are all here to work together for the upcoming event. Not work against one another… and if I can shelve my grudges for now, so can you,” Jake began his speech, definitely going off-script in a few minor places, but based on how Miranda, Lillian, and Vesperia looked pleased enough, he kept going.

“With that spirit, let me also clarify to all those who recently arrived: even if we are allies, at least for now, you are still guests. Act like it. This is not your home turf, even if you originated from Earth, and your factions have no power here. This planet – my planet – welcomes all who can stick to the rules, no matter their race or Path. Be they human, Unique Lifeform, Risen, vampire, beast, elemental… or even a True Royal from the Endless Empire.”

Vesperia took the cue and nodded her head to the crowd as if announcing herself, though it wasn’t really necessary. She had a unique aura around her already, and it wasn’t like her identity or appearance were a secret. During the Chosen Ceremony, she had openly shown herself, and it was only to be expected many of the factions present had received intelligence about her existence. Plenty of people had already been gawking.

Still, they were definitely surprised she was on Earth. He didn’t doubt many telepathic messages were flying at this very moment, but Jake paid it no heed as he continued speaking.

“We are all here to benefit from the Prima Guardian event, nothing more, nothing less. So, let the ideologies of your faction lie for now and work together as we seek to hunt down this Prima Guardian. Because if you don’t cooperate with our efforts, you work against us… and at that point, you shall share the same fate as the Prima Guardian. Yes, that is a threat, and don’t think, for a single second, that any faction will afford you even a moment of mercy.”

Alright, he had definitely gone a little bit off-script there, and Miranda did throw him a subtle glance as Jake decided to finish up.

“But it won’t ever come to that, now will it? Let us all hope not,” Jake said, softening the blow of the threat a little bit. “Today, our purpose is to plan out our approach to the event itself and for you to offer whatever insight your factions may have, including any speculations that are worth sharing. Hold nothing back, for we will not. Our goal for this Prima Guardian event is not merely to beat it but to do so as flawlessly as possible. Something that will surely prove mutually beneficial for all who are here, so let’s all cooperate to ensure the ideal outcome and reap the rewards in unison.”

His speech wasn’t long, but he got the important points across while even throwing in some good subtle – and not-so-subtle – threats. He had wondered why Miranda couldn’t just have said all the things he just did, but she assured him it was best Jake was the one. That way, the words would carry more weight… and they had cause if he acted upon them later.

Either way, the essence of the entire speech had been to clarify everyone was expected to work together, and that he didn’t care for whatever grudges they had. That everyone is welcome on Earth, no matter who or what they are.

“As Lord Thayne said, the goal is for us all to work together as cohesively and effectively as possible,” Miranda finally jumped in, not infusing her voice with any energy, as she already spoke more than loudly enough. All the attention also definitely remained on their platform, helped by Jake not reigning in his aura at all. Instead, he just let it hang there for them all to get used to it while putting a bit of pressure on everyone to act nice.

“I don’t believe I have to introduce anyone here, so let me just get started and not drag this out more than necessary,” Miranda began as she summoned a huge projection in the middle of the circular conference hall, showing the entire planet. “Let us begin with the current state of preparations that have already been made…”

The next part was painful for Jake to sit through. Not only was it all information Jake had already heard before, but he even had to deal with people asking questions for clarification throughout, as Miranda did a long presentation on Earth’s current status.

After some time, the Sky Whale and Fallen King also joined, with Arthur jumping in as well. Jake threw a glance toward the Sky Whale’s platform and found a sleeping green hawk on one of the chairs. He very much wanted to mimic her, but alas, he had to stand there menacingly.

Carmen, at the Valhal podium, also looked openly bored. Other people he knew who didn’t seem overly interested in politics, such as Eron, had far more neutral expressions. The guy was always pretty impossible to read, honestly.

Now, Arnold, that dude knew what was up. He was wearing glasses, and while it was hard to see, they definitely had screens on the inside. Huge respect to him for reading or watching videoes and stuff during an important meeting… really gave Jake flashbacks to work before the system.

Looking over at the other person at his old company who was the most likely to also watch videos on the internet during important work meetings, Casper managed to somehow not look bored. Perhaps he had been through a baptism of politics himself, being one of the top figures of the Risen, as he was definitely holding up well.

All in all, Jake would say things were going pretty well, even if he was bored as fuck, and soon, they were done getting everyone on the same page about where Earth was with their current Prima Guardian defense efforts. Vesperia and Arnold didn’t talk, but Miranda did make their contributions clear, and no one seemed to be side-eyeing Vesperia much, which was a huge relief to Jake. He had been afraid several factions or humans on Earth would be very against her.

Then again, she did look very humanoid, so that was probably why most didn’t have a problem.

Moving on with the meeting, the next topic was what the newcomers would be doing. Seeing as there was still a bit of time before the Prima Guardian arrived, they would definitely be put to work.

“Before we know exactly where on Earth the Prima Guardian will originate, we will designate different teams across the planet. Space mages have been working on means to quickly establish a teleportation circle so we can get everyone there quickly, but we still need powerful enough groups to handle the regular Primas that will come alongside the Guardian,” Miranda explained, everything sounding reasonable to Jake so far.

But… just when the meeting was going so damn well, everything was ruined. While Miranda was briefly touching upon some of the current plans of who would go where someone just had to do it. And, of course, it had to be someone affiliated with the damn Holy Church. It wasn’t someone who had arrived with Jacob and company, but one of the city leaders who had been left behind when they left, who used to belong to the Church and clearly still subscribed to the religion.

Perhaps he felt empowered from standing next to Jacob, or perhaps he was just an idiot… but he just had to go and do it:

“If you want anyone from my city to go anywhere near there, you need to get rid of those damn abominations first,” the man said, staring at the people – vampires - standing with the Sword Saint. “Having an enemy both in front of us and at our sides will certainly spell doom.”

Miranda had given the man the room to speak when he lifted his hand… but her eyes narrowed at what he said. That is when Jake spoke up.

“Read the rules. You get only one strike.”

The man looked perplexed at Jake and completely ignored Jacob, who was staring daggers at him. “I apologize, Lord Thayne…”

For a moment, Jake had hope.

“… but those abominations simply do not belong on-“

And just like that, he’d spoken his final words.

A brief glance, two glowing eyes, a single crumbled soul.

Everyone stood there, shocked, while the lifeless man fell forward, slamming into the ground with a thud as the whole room became silent enough to hear a pin – or, in this case, a corpse – drop.




***
Chapter 925: Vision, Phones, & End of World Congress


***






Jake had really, really, hoped he didn’t have to do that, but alas, it was part of his job. It was not just him making some impulsive decision to kill an asshole – though it would definitely not be out of character for him – but something Miranda and he had discussed long before the congress began. It was also something only he could do.

In a brief moment, the entire atmosphere of the room changed, as none dared say anything for several seconds, while most just stared at the now lifeless man on the ground.

Miranda purposefully let this atmosphere hang in the air for several moments. After what felt like an eternity to many of those present, she let out a loud sigh. ”There always has to be one person who can’t follow basic rules, huh? Would those who came with him be so kind as to remove the body? If not, we shall dispose of it for you.”

One of those who was part of the dead man's entourage quickly moved and picked up the body before putting it in a spatial storage after he'd unfortunately died due to an overdose of overconfidence and stupidity. Jake’s method of killing had at least left a pristine corpse, making an open-casket funeral more than possible. How kind of him.

”Now, before we proceed, I guess I should address the thoughts many of you are currently having. You question how we can kill someone in a World Congress where violence is meant to be forbidden. However, this doubt is rooted in a basic misunderstanding of how things work here on this planet,” Miranda continued as she had all attention on her.

”You were all given a folder outlining the, quite frankly, very basic laws of Earth, but it appears some had not read the final clause,” she continued as she spoke in a far more serious voice with the final part: ”These rules do not apply to Lord Thayne, the World Leader. His actions and decisions supersede the law, and every action is justified. To have given the man a single warning for not being able to follow a few basic rules was already a kindness that wasn’t warranted.”

She definitely wasn’t fucking around as she said this. Her explanation was also the reason why Jake had to be the one to do this. If Miranda or others acted outside the rules and laws, it would put the entire system into question. At that point, what even would be the meaning of laws if Jake could exempt some people willy-nilly?

No, if it was only Jake, that was easy to understand and, across the multiverse, a surprisingly normal thing. It was far from odd to see rulers be immune to laws, with their families often also included in this immunity. In fact, many monarchies before the system also had clauses that meant the direct royal family couldn’t be punished according to the law… though in reality, they often would if they did commit a harsh enough crime.

All of this is to say is that Jake’s action hadn’t been out of pocket according to the logic of the multiverse, and Miranda had told him that should a situation like this arrive, he was free to act with impunity. It had all been a political move that helped make it very clear these factions were in someone else’s territory now.

”Everyone seems to understand, I hope?” Miranda said with a smile. ”Good. Now, let’s continue unless there are any more interruptions or complaints?”

Surprisingly, there weren’t. Almost as if instant death by someone looking angrily at you was a good deterrent.

“Moving on. Before the rude interruption, we were discussing where the Prima Guardian might appear, and discussing placements of groups to act as rapid-response teams. Based on the description of the event, the Prima Guardian will not act immediately, but we cannot be sure about the regular Primas or any other beasts or monsters fighting alongside them,” Miranda continued. “We didn’t quite get to it before, but does anyone have something to add or some information their faction has obtained about the event? Probable speculation is also welcome.”

Jake hadn’t really expected anyone to know much… and when he saw Jacob raise a hand to speak, Jake really hoped he wasn’t going to complain about the man who had just been killed. It was clear Jake tended to be fine with killing, but he really didn’t want to attack someone he still considered a friend… and while he and Jacob had definitely drifted apart in recent years, Jake still considered the Augur a friend.

Luckily, that wasn’t what he wanted to say as he spoke after Miranda gave him the go-ahead.

“Thank you for the time. Let me begin by saying that the Holy Church truly doesn’t know more than Ms. Wells has already shared, but personally, I may have gained some insight. What I’m about to say cannot really be confirmed by anyone but myself. However, I believe it’s still vital to share nonetheless,” Jacob began. “After returning to the planet, I have focused on divining anything I could regarding the upcoming event… and I finally had a vision just yesterday. Please, allow me to share it.”

Instantly, quite a few people, Jake included, perked up with interest. Miranda also looked serious and nodded. Jacob closed his eyes for a moment as he continued.

“I saw a dark void filled with glowing crystals in the sky, barely giving any light. The ground is soft, shifting. I’m hot; the air is dry and nearly devoid of all life. Then, suddenly, the sky is alight. It burns as a grand shadow falls over me before something explodes, and a shockwave rushes over my face, ending the vision.”

The room was silent, as Jake really hoped some smart people would interpret the vision. For a moment, Jake thought that Jacob talked about the moon when he mentioned it being devoid of life, but the moon wasn’t soft and definitely not hot. Plus, it had to be on Earth, right…

A desert, maybe?

”This is the divination in its raw form, but allow me to share my interpretation,” Jacob said. ”The lights are stars, and the environment I feel makes me believe it’s in an area close to the equator. Far from the oceans, as there is no moisture in the air. As for the shadow and the shockwave… I believe this Prima Guardian will arrive on some kind of meteorite or a celestial object that will crash onto Earth from space.”

Jacob finished, getting quite a few murmurs from all around. Jake also subtly nodded, Jacob’s interpretation seeming pretty spot on. The Prima Guardian arriving on a meteor or something also made a lot more sense than it just popping into existence somewhere.

As for not believing Jacob’s vision or taking it with a grain of salt… well, there was a reason factions were keen on recruiting an Augur. There was no reason not to trust his divination, and it was honestly pretty good information.

”Do you think it’s possible to narrow down exactly where it still strike down?” Miranda asked.

”I can’t make any promises, but I will do my best,” Jacob answered in a humble tone. ”My plans are to travel the planet a bit during this final preparation period and try to find a more exact location.”

”Directly on the other side of the planet, there is a massive desert,” Jake decided to speak, for the first time not infusing his voice with mana or trying to intimidate anyone. ”From your description, that seems like a probable location.”

”A desert would indeed match my vision,” Jacob nodded. ”For the system event to take place borderline as far away from where the enlightened live would also make sense from a system point of view… I shall make it the first place I investigate once the congress is over.”

”Sounds like we can avoid much prep work if we can narrow down the location,” Miranda smiled. ”Nevertheless, we should continue preparations with the assumption the exact touch-down spot of the Prima Guardian isn’t found in time. With the vision, we can at least eliminate a lot of potential areas, such as all the oceans, large lakes, forests, and whatnot.”

The mood in the room had changed rapidly, no longer as tense, after good news was shared. Jacob and the Holy Church had also quickly ”redeemed” themselves after that moron had gotten himself killed, as no one dwelled on the matter anymore.

For the rest of the World Congress, people remained polite and well-mannered. A few discussions did get a bit heated at times, but never in any way that went against the rules. Just what one would expect of normal political stuff.

As the meeting was winding down, they touched on perhaps the most important subject… who was actually going to fight the Prima Guardian?

”It shouldn’t come as a surprise, but Earth does not need any assistance dealing with this system event. I truly don’t believe we will find ourselves unable to handle it, or the difficulty of this event will be so high that none shall pass,” Miranda said. ”That is even considering the fact we are going for a perfect record. Also, we don’t plan on delaying the engagement at all, but take down the Prima Guardian as quickly as possible.”

As a reminder, the Prima Guardian event wasn’t necessarily designed to just be a quick boss fight and then be done. Chances were it was meant to be a longer scenario based on the system messages given prior:

”In five years, the Guardian will arrive on Earth with its army and must be defeated within five years of arrival, or the Guardian will move to claim the world for itself as the barrier naturally falls.”

This message kind of had two implications. The first was naturally that they had five years to do the event… but the wording of saying it will ”move to claim the world” kind of indicated that perhaps this Prima Guardian couldn’t move much or was limited in its movements somehow within these five years.

Not that these things mattered to Earth, as they planned on slaying the boss immediately. The barrier in the message was the one defending the Planetary Pylon, and the only way to dispel the barrier was to either have both keys – one given to the Guardian and one to Jake - or wait for five years after the Prima Guardian arrived.

”The plan is not to simply amass an army and try to defeat the Prima Guardian this way. I’m going to be honest; the vast majority would only get in the way. No, it’s better to focus on reducing or entirely avoiding taking any damage from regular Primas and whatever else may come at us,” Miranda continued. ”For the Prima Guardian, we will assemble an elite team led by Lord Thayne himself. Those who are deemed qualified will be contacted shortly after the World Congress, and should there be anyone out there believing they are also qualified to participate, they can come to Haven and be tested. Just know that the standards are quite high, and I cannot promise the testing method is safe for those too weak.”

Jake had honestly expected some complaints about this announcement, but surprisingly, no one said anything in disagreement. Perhaps they also realized it was better to have one small elite team rather than an entire army. In general, armies tended to be pretty ineffective in the multiverse unless they were facing other armies.

Sure, it was probably possible to overwhelm the Prima Guardian with sheer numbers, and even Jake would struggle if he was bombarded with spells from a few thousand weaker people. Unless he just dodged and ran away, that is.

No, it was for sure better to have one elite team. As for who would be on this team… well, many of the expected people. Jake wasn’t entirely sure about everyone yet, but quite a few were already set, and the more Jake thought about the team that would face the Prima Guardian, the worse he felt for the poor boss.

With this final topic getting finished uncontested, there really wasn’t much more to discuss. After a few more very minor topics and a few clarifying questions, there was just one more thing.

”To finish, please all take one of these,” Miranda said as she summoned a large table filled with what looked like old phones in boxes. ”These are developed by Arnold and allow anyone using them to contact a communication central from anywhere on the planet. Additionally, they all have location-tracking magic embedded in them, allowing those using it to send their exact location. Use them to relay information to Haven during this final preparation time, and at the same time, we will use them to keep everyone up-to-date.”

Arnold had produced thousands of these magic phones over the last year or so, and Jake already knew they were spread far and wide. Jake had one himself at his home, though he had more of a landline with a direct connection to Miranda.

These phones, as Jake decided to call them, did have the slight downside that they had a pretty limited lifespan. The energy required to fulfill some of their functions wasn’t infinite, and Arnold hadn’t created any way to recharge them. At first, Jake believed this was a design flaw, but he came to realize it was entirely on purpose.

It was planned obsolescence and a way to protect his designs. Trying to break open the device or analyze it too much would result in the phone breaking itself. Of course, it was technically possible to break the magical encryption, keeping its secrets safe, but that was where the planned obsolescence came into play. Once they ran out of energy, all magic within would disappear, making the phones no more than fancy bricks. So, the encryption didn’t need to be unbreakable, just good enough to hold up until the phone died.

Miranda also made sure to warn people of this.

”Just a small side note: do not try to mess with these, or you may break them. We also expect every single one returned after the event is concluded, and a hefty fine will be given if they are lost or damaged in any way. So don’t get any fancy ideas, alright? Also, if they leave Earth, they break, so be sure not to do that,” Miranda said as Jake saw a few people visually deflate, as they had definitely planned on analyzing or sending the phone back to their factions in another universe.

Analyzing void-related magic, which many – including Jake – suspected these phones used, was of immense interest to even the larger factions.

Also, if anyone did decide to try and take the phone anyway, Earth would get paid handsomely, making this quite a potentially profitable strategy. It was all a great deal for Earth and the coffers of the World Council even if people didn’t turn in their phones, and ultimately, it wasn’t like Arnold was using some super-secret tech. Arnold had even made clear he expected a number to be ”forgotten.”

Distributing the phones, nearly every person of influence from the different factions got a good handful to also give out to their subordinates. It really was a massive undertaking, and Jake was glad he wasn’t the one working at this communication center Miranda had set up in Haven.

Once all the phones were given out and a bit more small talk, it truly was time to announce the end of the Fourth World Congress of Earth, as Miranda spoke loudly with all eyes on her.

”I wish to thank you all for coming today, and despite a brief moment of rudeness, I believe things went rather splendidly,” Miranda said with a smile. ”Continue to work hard, everyone, and together, may we reap the best rewards possible. Who knows… maybe there’s even some achievement if we’re the first planet in this entire universe to take down the Prima Guardian.”

With these words, a countdown appeared, marking the end of the congress. The countdown would last an hour for everyone to just do their own thing. During this time, Vesperia looked quite busy as many approached her, and Jake decided to spend this time briefly saying hello to some of his friends before he and everyone else were thrown back from whence they came.

Which, in Jake’s case, was his lodge.

Oh, and would you look at that… there was an empty alchemy lab right beneath it. It would sure be a shame to leave it unattended while there was still a bit of time to spare. No one would object to that, right?




***
Chapter 926: A Very Black Blade


***






Time was a cruel mistress… but so was Miranda when she told Jake he couldn’t just run down to his laboratory and keep playing with poisons while ignoring the world around him. They only had a few weeks before the Prima Guardian event began, and apparently, that meant Jake had to be “mentally available” or something like that.

At least, this was what she said after returning to his lodge from the World Congress. Jake had appeared first, with Miranda, Lillian, and Vesperia popping in only a dozen or so seconds later. They all chose to take this time to sit down and briefly talk over what had happened – after Miranda stopped Jake from sneaking off to the lab, that is.

Once she had assured Jake wouldn’t run off, Miranda let out a loud sigh as she relaxed her shoulders and found a chair to lean back on. “That congress was exhausting, but I guess it went as well as could be expected.”

“Would have been better if there wasn’t that one guy…” Lillian sighed, shaking her head. “It seems extreme, but it had to be done.”

“Do not pity a fool who dared go against rules explicitly explained to him,” Vesperia said in a rather harsh tone. “He is lucky death was his only punishment. A rather light sentence if I say so myself. Having him imprisoned and his soul serve as fuel or a seedbed would have been more appropriate for having the audacity to show such disrespect toward Sire.”

“When you say seedbed…” Jake muttered.

“Some wasp Hive Queen variants are parasitoid in nature and use the bodies of other races to lay eggs in. It’s quite effective, and if the body and soul of the target are well-maintained, you can use the same one for quite a while,” Vesperia explained casually with a smile. “I can look into spawning one of these Hive Queens next if you are interested?”

“… no need to go out of your way for my sake,” Jake said as he raised both hands. “Just do what you feel is best, okay? Totally fine if that doesn’t include any of those variants.”

Jake had to try hard not to say “scary as fuck” variants. Also, once more, he wanted to reiterate that Vesperia was a little bit terrifying at times. Just a bit.

“Very well, then I shall put it off for now,” Vesperia nodded. Jake wasn’t sure if she read his discomfort or if she noticed Miranda and Lillian both pulling back from her a bit when she began talking about imprisoning and laying eggs in people.

“Anyway, back on topic… to be honest, of everyone you could kill, someone loosely affiliated with the Holy Church was probably the best,” Miranda said, everyone happy to move from one horrible fate to another – at least from Jake’s point of view. “I did briefly confirm that he was baptized, so at least he will go to the Holy Land as a spirit to live out the rest of his days. Still not a great fate for sure, but this incident isn’t enough to damage our relationship with any factions either.”

“I definitely didn’t assume he would just die for good,” Jake said with a light smile.

“Even if he had, his death would have been a necessary sacrifice to reinforce your rule and position on the planet,” Miranda said nonchalantly.

Jake nodded as he looked out of the window at the pond. For some reason, he couldn’t help but remember when Miranda, Hank, and his two kids had just arrived here in Jake’s small valley and offered to build this lodge for him. He also remembered the conversation way back then he had with Miranda, where he casually mentioned he had killed people and how horrified she had been at the notion. How she had believed he would kill her, too, simply because he was now a killer or something.

Things sure have changed, Jake thought with a wry smile. Now, she viewed killing someone during a political meeting as nothing more than another potential tool to gain an advantage. Lillian had always been a bit rougher, but she had also gotten far less soft… everyone from back then had. Well, besides maybe himself. Jake didn’t really feel like he had changed that much.

Then again, he probably wouldn’t really notice any subtle minor shifts that happened over long periods of time. He couldn’t with full confidence say he was the same person he was before Nevermore, as he had learned a lot during that time, especially when it came to working with others and relying on their skills. Before the World Wonder, he rarely fought with others, while now, he had nearly spent more time of his life fighting alongside others than alone – though he did find quite a few openings to do some solo hunting during Nevermore.

Either way… they had definitely all changed quite a bit since the early days of the system. If not in personality, then at least what they were now capable of and willing to do.

“Do you need me to do anything while we wait for any updates from Jacob regarding finding where this Prima Guardian will crash down?” Jake asked Miranda after a bit.

“No, but as I said, I need you available. Once we have a better idea, the plan is to gather the elite team nearby where the boss will appear and strike as quickly as possible once we get a clear understanding of how exactly the event will transpire,” Miranda said. “I have already contacted the Chosen of the Lord Protector, who will assist in transporting the team. That way, even if we’re slightly off, the group should be able to arrive at the Prima Guardian nearly instantly.”

“What if Sandy is restricted somehow?” Jake asked with a bit of worry.

“We’re gambling on them not being too restricted. There is no precedent of the system outright mind-controlling anyone during a system event, and limiting the movements of every single creature who’s absorbed system-given unique items on the entire planet seems too much,” Miranda explained. “With all that said, we will also have some teleportation circles set up should the unexpected happen. Better to be overprepared than underprepared.”

“Cheers to that,” Jake smiled, as he was already looking forward to the event. He really hoped the Prima Guardian would put up a good fight, though a big part of him had some doubt. But, who knows, maybe there was some way to make it harder for themselves for a bigger reward or something. Yeah, that would be awesome.

“Well, I believe we should head off now; there is still much to do,” Miranda said as she and Lillian stood up. She also looked at Vesperia who had been sitting silently. “Also, I have been meaning to ask, but will Her Majesty participate in the battle against the Prima Guardian? Are you able to?”

“Both willing and able,” Vesperia smiled. “I am still undecided if I shall help with the suppression of the regular Primas or take part in the battle against the Prima Guardian, but time shall tell. Perhaps I’ll simply do both.”

“Please just let me know your decision a bit beforehand,” Miranda nodded. “Having your assistance will prove most beneficial for certain.”

“Naturally,” Vesperia agreed without a trace of arrogance as if Miranda’s statement had just been the most obvious in the world. The witch didn’t take offense as she and Lillian headed toward the door. Just before exiting, she stopped and turned back.

“Oh, yeah, I was also asked to relay a message from Arnold. He said you had some weapon at his place, I believe? Everything should be ready for collection,” Miranda also added as she looked at Jake. “So, probably go and talk to him.”

“Not gonna lie, I had nearly forgotten he was working on stuff,” Jake admitted with a smile, happy for the reminder. “I’m gonna head there tomorrow. Gonna give Arnold some time to wind down after the World Congress first.”

That was only the polite thing to do. Jake also wanted the rest of the day to himself so he could just relax, and he got the impression Arnold could also do well with some alone time. They both weren’t the biggest people-persons, after all.

“You do what you deem best. See you around, and remember… stay available,” Miranda said as a final reminder before she and Lillian left to continue working hard. Meanwhile, Jake stayed back with Vesperia, who also had her own matters to tend to.

As for Jake… well, a little alchemy had never hurt anyone, as he briefly popped by the laboratory. Also, Joke’s on Miranda; even if Jake couldn’t run off to his laboratory all the time, he could still do alchemy stuff outside his lab when she wasn’t looking.

The next day, he did as promised and headed off toward the Fort to meet up with Arnold. With a Pulse of Perception, he also confirmed Sandy was there, chilling and eating stuff, he reckoned. The arrangement the two had found was kind of funny but definitely mutually beneficial, as Arnold used Sandy as inspiration for better space-faring inventions, and Sandy used Arnold as a vending machine that also provided free housing accommodation.

Teleporting to Arnold’s place and sneaking his way in didn’t take long. The place had naturally grown even larger once more, as Arnold really had made a giant underground complex by now. It nearly reminded him of an ectognamorph hive, except this one had actual metal walls everywhere with halls filled with assembly lines and teleporters connecting everything.

The huge factories were especially impressive, and it was hard to believe everything was made by one man. Well, one man who created a lot of robots to do stuff for him.

Funnily enough, he still had a pretty small-ish workshop he usually did most of his work in. It had also barely changed since the early days and was more or less just a couple of tables and a bunch of computer-like things.

Jake didn’t meet him in this room, though. In fact, Jake doubted Arnold ever invited anyone to his room. Instead, he went to a far larger workshop where the poor space worm was being held hostage by the evil mad scientist.

Arnold had already known Jake was arriving, and all the doors opened for him on the way before he stepped inside the workshop. Sandy was lying on their back, as Arnold had connected a lot of patches with wires to the big worm’s skin. A bit of mana constantly emanated from Sandy as several devices measured everything, and Jake spotted the air almost shiver a bit around the worm as the environmental space mana reacted.

“Seems like you two are having fun,” Jake commented with a smile as he looked at Sandy. “I’m a bit surprised you didn’t wanna participate in the World Congress. No, actually, I guess it’s more accurate to say I’m surprised no one forced you to take part in the congress to show off Earth’s power or something.”

“Hey Jake! I considered going, but it sounded like a pain, and from what I heard, it was super boring anyway,” Sandy said, being entirely accurate with their words. “All I have to do is act as a shuttle anyway, right?”

“Pretty much,” Jake shrugged, turning to Arnold next. “Is Sandy really still that useful of a test subject? Can’t be cheap to keep that glutton around.”

“I still feel like I am only scratching the surface when it comes to exploring subspace travel and the seemingly infinite spatial layers that surround us at all times,” Arnold said as he didn’t look away from the screen in front of him. “The data obtained so far has already proven invaluable, and while I am impossibly far from applying the concepts of the Cosmic Genesis Worm in any meaningful setting, I have begun to extract aspects that may prove useful within a reasonable timeframe.”

“I am awesome indeed,” Sandy wholeheartedly agreed. “You should also praise me more. Everyone should.”

“Don’t want it getting to your head, now do I?” Jake smiled as Sandy and Arnold seemed to get along well, even if their relationship was strictly professional. Still, the thought of Sandy and Arnold traveling space together, with Sandy constantly mocking the scientist’s spaceships, was a mental image Jake couldn’t get out of his head.

“Hey, even a worm needs affirmation sometimes. Unlike you, every single system event isn’t tailor-made for me to stand out and look cool on Leaderboards or through getting big titles,” Sandy complained.

“Are you saying you don’t have any titles?” Jake questioned, actually unsure.

“I never said that. I only said I don’t get them from constant system events,” Sandy quickly clarified. “Besides, titles are overrated. I’d rather collect legendary and mythical skills instead.”

“That is a good pursuit, too,” Jake smiled. “Titles are still nice, though.”

“Legendary… oh right,” Arnold suddenly muttered, as Jake felt the subtle movement of mana. A few seconds later, a shaft opened in the ceiling as a drone flew down, carrying a case that looked just about the right size to contain what Jake had come to acquire.

The drone stopped right above Jake, who took the cue and caught the metal case it dropped. Arnold finally spun around on his chair and stood up as he spoke. “The weapon has been complete for thirty-two days now, but I wanted to keep it here for at least twenty days even after completion to assure its stability within the material realm.”

Jake just nodded, wondering what the guy had done to his Nanoblade katar.

“You are free to open the case,” Arnold said, Jake quickly following suit.

Opening it, he saw the katar within. Its design was the same as usual. However, it took him a moment to properly distinguish the katar within the box from the foam around it.

To clarify. It took Jake, with all his Perception, a moment to see it.

The reason was that the entire box was entirely black, as the katar had obviously seeped out a bit of energy into the foam, turning it the exact same color. A color so black it didn’t seem like it was supposed to exist.

It reminded him… he had seen this exact blackness before in the void between worlds. But, looking at it in a setting like this felt incredibly eerie and off, and Jake quickly used Identify on the new Nanoblade… or perhaps it should now be renamed the Voidblade.

[Voidblade Katar (Legendary)] – A katar wielded by a hunter, born from the mind of one touched by the void. The blade is made of a resilient composite metal that has been infused with void energies over time. This has made the blade incredibly sharp, allowing it to effortlessly cut and penetrate nearly all physical material. When striking mana-based entities, the blade must be constantly infused with nascent void energy, or it will be unable to deal any damage or interact with the target. The handle of the katar can absorb all forms of mana infused into it and transform it into nascent void energy. This effect is more potent if the energy infused is the arcane affinity of the hunter. The blade will passively make void any other forms of energy interacting with it as long as it has sufficient nascent void energy. Has been stabilized so it can exist within the material plane. This also makes it able to enter spatial storage. Enchantments: Voidblade. Forced Spatial Stabilization.

Requirements: lvl 275+ in any humanoid race.

He read the description very carefully as he took a deep breath. It was… a lot better than Jake had expected. It was also a bit confusing, though. Especially that it refered to a hunter several times, which was obviously Jake himself. Luckily, Arnold quickly explained.

“I created the Voidblade Katar using your old Nanoblade Katar as a base. The materials were already of high value, and through further refinement and infusion of nascent void energy, the results were better than expected. Using entirely new materials could perhaps have resulted in improved material integrity; however, I chose this approach to also preserve some of your Records within the katar, especially those gathered during your time in Nevermore. These Records proved useful and improved the final product significantly,” Arnold said before continuing as he went over and lifted the weapon up.

“Using nascent void energy – a lesser form of void energy – is a challenging prospect within the material plane, as it’s antithetical to the concept of matter and energy itself. Even calling void energy a form of energy is an oxymoron, as when there is void, there is no energy. However, the void can still be contained by other forms of energy too stable or resilient to be voided, which is what I have made here. The hardest aspect was the handle that allows you to also deploy this rudimentary form of void energy during combat by transforming your own mana. While this weapon is far from the ideal, it is the best I can make with my current abilities and means available.”

Jake could only nod along as Arnold handed him the weapon, and when Jake finally felt it in his hand, the katar felt… odd.

“It doesn’t weigh anything,” Jake muttered.

“It does; it’s merely unaffected by gravitational concepts and has an incredibly low mass,” Arnold further clarified before he got a bit more serious. “Also, this is still a prototype. Should it break, or should you discard it, please bring the weapon back, or at the very least, the pieces that remain. It’s a valuable research asset, after all. In return, I will allow you to field-test it and continue to improve the weapon continually as my skills and power improve.”

“Of course,” Jake nodded, seeing that as a very low price for getting a free legendary weapon. He did know there was a bit more to this entire thing, though. “But, be honest… you also want to analyze the Records within, especially those related to the arcane affinity, right?”

“I have never made that a secret and assumed I was an implicit understanding,” Arnold answered casually. “Again, I must reiterate. Do not lose the weapon. As I said, the handle was the hardest aspect of the weapon to create, in part because I had to use a catalyst to allow the transformation of regular mana to void energy. This catalyst is a high-level mythical item provided to me during Nevermore and something I would much prefer not to lose.”

Jake frowned a bit, looking at the katar more closely. Quite the pressure to get put on him, carrying around some mythical void item within his weapon.

“I’ll take good care of it,” Jake nodded.

“Good,” Arnold nodded as he looked to remember something else. “I may also have something else for you if you’re interested?”

“I’m never one to say no to more loot,” Jake smiled as he wondered what else Arnold could have in store.




***
Chapter 927: Favors Owed & One Last Surprise


***






Jake wondered what more Arnold could have in store for him. He was definitely in need of a gear upgrade after Nevermore, as the place hadn’t really given that much. It was only on the first part of the floors that equipment was really rewarded, while on all later floors, only raw materials for crafting were ever given. It was likely a form of balance to not fuck over crafters too much.

Still, it meant Jake had a lot of stats to be gained from equipment. Some of what he wore was still good, especially his boots, necklace, mask, one of his rings, and all his weapons, but much of his basic equipment had fallen behind.

The Shadestalker Legguards and Shadestalker Chestpiece he currently wore had already only been “pretty good” when he originally bought them. He had gotten them due to how reliable and simple they had been, both having the ability to nullify a bit of physical damage taken, self-repair, and also serve as okay stat sticks.

However, they hadn’t scaled with him as he leveled up, resulting in the damage nullification quickly becoming insignificant, the stats falling behind, and the only good thing about his gear now being how it looked and its ability to repair itself.

The reason why he focused primarily on his chestpiece and pants wasn’t just because they were the two things he wanted to replace the most, but because that was also exactly what Arnold brought in as a drone entered the room.

“Let me be upfront right away,” Arnold said before he opened the boxes that Jake saw the equipment within. “My ulterior motive in offering you these is because I expect them returned for analysis after a period of use. As you wear this equipment, it will be affected by your Records and arcane energy passively, and I have primed them for future analysis already. Additionally, I am but one of several crafters of this. I had assistance from a few acquaintances from other universes to procure materials and complete several parts.”

With those words, he opened one of the two boxes. One of them contained a leather jacket of sorts, though it definitely looked more medieval than modern, likely as a very deliberate design choice. It was dark in color, with a few dark green patterns here and there.

Also, while Jake called it a leather jacket, he wasn’t sure it was actually made of leather. Lifting up the jacket and looking at it closer, it felt surprisingly soft. It was also heavier than he expected, and not by a little. He would almost assume it was made of metal with how much it weighed… which an Identify proved was actually a very legitimate assumption.

[Titanssteel Nanofiber Chestpiece (Ancient)] – A marvel of different concepts merged seamlessly together to create an incredibly durable piece of clothing. The Titansteel has been refined into small fibers, making this armor nearly impossible to cut using regular means. Offers respectable resilience to all forms of magical attacks. This chestpiece is able to self-repair and remember all forms of energy passing through it, storing memories of its journey within. This function is especially effective during the self-repair process. Enchantments: +1500 Strength, +1000 Toughness, +1000 Agility, +750 Vitality. Self-Repair. Material Memory.

Requirements: lvl 275+ in any humanoid race.

He also quickly threw an Identify on the pants and saw a very similar result.

[Titansteel Nanofiber Pants (Ancient)] - A marvel of different concepts merged seamlessly together to create an incredibly durable piece of clothing. The Titansteel has been refined into small fibers, making this armor nearly impossible to cut using regular means. Offers respectable resilience to all forms of magical attacks. These pants are able to self-repair and remember all forms of energy passing through them, storing memories of their journey within. This function is especially effective during the self-repair process. Enchantments: +1500 Agility, +1000 Toughness, +1000 Strength, +750 Vitality. Self-Repair Material Memory.

Requirements: lvl 275+ in any humanoid race.

They were practically identical, outside of the fact that one was a chestpiece and the other a pair of pants. The stats were also shifted around a little bit, with one giving more Strength and the other giving more Agility, but it was nothing extreme.

He also noted how they gave quite a lot more stats than what he had right now… though perhaps that was only to be expected of a mid-tier C-grade item like this. They didn’t have a lot going for them outside of the stats and just being super durable, so a lot of the Records could be allocated to just giving stats.

Also… one had to remember just how many stats Jake could actually get from gear. Jake could get just over 34,000 stats from gear total, with each of these offering 4250 stats stats total. Seeing as one could only wear ten pieces of equipment total, and that his mask and cloak didn’t offer stats – and both tended never to – he wouldn’t even hit the cap if he had eight pieces of equipment that gave as many stats as these two pieces of Titansteel Nanofiber armor.

And even getting this many stats wasn’t easy. Certain pieces of gear tended to give more stats than others, with larger pieces usually giving more. In other words, the chestpiece and pants would give more stats than boots, gloves, and bracers. Jewelry did give more than anything else, but part of that was because they were just stats and didn’t need to offer any innate protection.

To conclude… Jake would be lucky if he could reach his stat cap wearing a full set of ancient rarity equipment with a level requirement around his own. It was truly the woe of being strong and having a lot of percentage titles and a generally strong Path. The system had effectively deemed that someone like Jake needed quite a few legendary items as standard.

Not that Jake would ever say no to good ancient rarity stuff, and these two Titansteel Nanofiber gear pieces were pretty damn good. There was one thing that did bother him quite a lot though.

“Not gonna lie, it feels incredibly weird to have you just handing me clearly valuable stuff like this all the time. It isn’t like I’m doing much for you in return,” Jake muttered. “Sure, you say you analyze my Records and arcane affinity, but this definitely feels like an unbalanced trade and that we have an even more unbalanced relationship.”

Arnold was silent for a moment before he looked up at Jake with a serious expression.

“I do not make my decisions out of a sense of kindness or altruism,” Arnold spoke. “Your observation that our working relationship seems unequal is also entirely accurate and purposefully made to be that way. I have provided you with more tangible support than you have given me. However, rather than a loss, I view this as an investment in the future. An assurance, if you will. There currently does not exist any reliable method to protect against future problems, but I believe this to be the best option.”

Jake raised an eyebrow as Arnold continued. “There may come a day when I will need your assistance. At that time, I deem it highly beneficial that you feel like you owe me something, spurring you on to act. While the future is uncertain, your mentality on certain matters has proven itself a constant, and I believe my actions will result in you being willing to provide support should something unfortunate and unforeseen happen.”

Arnold’s explanation was very… curt. And exactly the kind of explanation Jake would expect out of the scientist. He didn’t honey any of his words but outright stated he was effectively trying to manipulate Jake into feeling like he owed Arnold.

The thing is… he was entirely correct. Jake would help Arnold without thinking twice as things currently were. There were still some points of doubt, though.

“Gotta ask, are you expecting any problems since you need this assurance?” Jake asked.

“As of this moment, no. At least none I believe are likely to materialize in the near future that I cannot deal with myself. This is instead an assurance against the unknown. Perhaps nothing will ever happen, but considering our significantly expanded lifespans and the possibility of living eternally, it’s effectively a statistical certainty I would one day need your unquestioned support,” Arnold continued to answer honestly.

“Thanks for the honesty, I guess?” Jake muttered. It still felt weird that Arnold was effectively trying to bribe Jake into helping him with something neither of them even knew what was. But, no reason to say no to a good thing, and Jake was sure Arnold also knew he couldn’t just make Jake do anything he wanted.

“No problem,” Arnold clearly took Jake’s words at face value. “To note, the Titansteel Nanofiber is also still a work-in-progress material, and I will make improved versions based on the Records they collect during your use.”

“Does that mean you think you will eventually become able to make this armor consistently legendary rarity?” Jake questioned.

“Yes,” Arnold nodded without a trace of doubt in his voice.

“Mass-produced legendary equipment, huh,” Jake shook his head.

“Not mass-produced. The labor and materials going into each creation remain significant, and there are no plans to mass-produce the most powerful version. Lesser iterations will likely be made for cheaper material and using a methodology facilitating mass-production through automation. Additionally, while you may find my claim spurious, I wouldn’t find it difficult to believe if you could also consistently transmute legendary material,” Arnold clarified while also having a pretty good point.

“True, I probably could if the base material is good enough,” Jake agreed. Yeah, probably shouldn’t be surprising Arnold could consistently make legendary equipment if he had good enough materials.

“I can’t really make anything at all!” Sandy decided to chime in uselessly. “But I’m confident I can eat more legendary stuff than both of you combined. Wouldn’t even be a competition.”

“It wouldn’t be a competition because no one wants to compete with you,” Jake said with a smile as he shook his head. “Though I would be up for a competition of energy-absorption. Specifically vital energy.”

“No equipment of any kind allowed.”

“Seeing as it’s a part of my soul, does Eternal Hunger really count as equipment anymore? It’s more an extension of my body,” Jake shot back.

“With that logic, can I use anyone I’ve eaten to help in the competition? Because if so, let’s have our competition at the Order, and I’ll just have a few A and S-grade vampires jump in there real quick,” Sandy argued back. “Seeing as they’re literally part of my body when in my stomach, they don’t count, right?”

“… you know what, I’ll let you have this one rather than continue a discussion that’s just making everyone in the room dumber for having listened to it,” Jake muttered in defeat.

“Victory has been claimed!” Sandy said utterly shamelessly. “My ingeniousness is truly unmatched, only perhaps matched by a scarce few gods. And Tom, but Tom’s just built different.

Arnold had also proven once more he was the smartest of them all because he had clearly not paid any attention at all to their stupidity, ignoring both Jake and Sandy.

Jake stuck around in Arnold’s workshop a bit longer as he got his new katar and clothing before it was back home to the lodge for some more alchemy. Only very briefly, though, as Jake was repeatedly dragged around to do stuff with Miranda.

During this time, he also strongly considered going to the Order of the Malefic Viper for a little bit but stopped himself. It was just too risky to leave the universe, even if there probably wasn’t a big chance anything would go wrong. Still, Jake couldn’t help but consider what would happen if Ell’Hakan or someone else did some shit that stopped Jake from returning to Earth for the Prima Guardian event.

The reason why he had wanted to go visit the Order was naturally to check in with Meira and Irin primarily, but he also wanted to say hi to Scarlett, who he surprisingly learned wasn’t returning for the Prima Guardian event at all. From what Jake gathered when he briefly heard from Reika, the snake simply didn’t see any purpose in returning, seeing as she definitely couldn’t actively participate in the event. She had consumed a lot of energy from system-provided unique items, making her only choice to ally with the Prima Guardian or sit out… and if she was going to sit out, she might as well sit out at the Order. From the sounds of it, she was also making many friends of the draconic kind, so good for her?

Anyway, even if Jake did want to go, he decided to delay till after the event. Besides, Jake still had a lot to do. To make sure he was warmed up, Jake even went on a few minor hunts to take down monsters that couldn’t be negotiated with. None of them put up any good fights, but it was still good to flex his magical and actual muscles a bit once in a while.

Like this, the days quickly went by as the system event drew ever nearer, with new updates every day. The atmosphere of Earth had also changed significantly. With the entire planet on high alert and working in unison, it couldn’t help but trickle down to even the regular person who was still only in E or even F-grade.

Those living in smaller settlements traveled to larger ones, defensive barriers were reinforced, and Miranda took practically every precaution Jake could imagine, as well as a few he hadn’t even thought of. But, in his defense, he had kind of forgotten stuff like the fact some people had to eat to live. What a foreign concept, right?

When only about a week and a half remained, Jacob informed Miranda, and thus, by extension, everyone else, that he had located the exact spot where the Prima Guardian would arrive.

Jake had been correct in his assessment that it was in the massive desert on the opposite side of the planet from where the enlightened races lived. It was incredibly far away from them, but there wasn’t any worry about the actual travel time to get there. With Sandy, it would barely take a day.

Also, even if Sandy turned out to be restricted or unavailable, space mages were already hard at work, putting down a track of teleportation circles. It was almost like a railroad where they put down magical circles in a line straight toward the spot Jacob had pointed out.

The one in Haven overseeing the project was also a familiar face who Jake hadn’t interacted much with for a long time. It was Neil, who’d also returned from Nevermore quite a bit stronger. Jake remembered that the guy had always been more focused on the crafting side of space magic, and he had really embraced that by now, being one of the top people managing Earth’s teleportation network. Still, that didn’t mean he couldn’t fight, as space magic was still a very potent school of magic.

Over these final days, everyone also started to arrive in Haven, as that was where they would fly out from. A few had already gone to where Jacob was beforehand, but the vast majority headed to Haven. All the familiar faces were naturally there, with a lot of the more “mid-tier” elites also coming. Even if they wouldn’t face the Prima Guardian as part of the strike team, Sandy would still help transport them, as they would form a perimeter to fight this “army” that would arrive.

All in all, it was definitely a massive undertaking to prepare everything, and Jake was happy he hadn’t been in charge of any of it. Instead, he had managed to make a good batch of top-tier Heartrot Poison and a few dozen acid bombs he was very much looking forward to seeing if he would have to use. He really hoped he would.

With everyone gathered in Haven and ready to go, Jake didn’t expect any more surprises. What could there even be at this point they hadn’t accounted for? Well… there was one thing… or, more accurately, one person. Because, with only a day to go before they would head off from Haven to the Prima Guardian touch-down spot, Miranda contacted Jake:

“Jake, I’m coming over immediately… William is back and needs to talk to you.”




***
Chapter 928: An Emotional Plan


***






William wasn’t the type of person Jake thought much about. Not anymore. After he had turned his back on Eversmile and become a heretic, Jake didn’t really hear much about the young metal mage who had turned his Tutorial into a shitshow anymore. Sure, in the back of his mind, Jake probably knew he was doing stuff somewhere, but he hadn’t been someone worth dedicating much brain power to consider.

So it came as a genuine surprise when the mage wanted to meet Jake. His timing was also highly suspicious, being this close to the Prima Guardian event. Jake didn’t think he was there to sabotage them, though, as if he was, going through Miranda and wanting to meet Jake was perhaps the dumbest strategy.

Nevertheless, Jake was suspicious.

As promised, Miranda and William arrived not even ten minutes after he was informed they were coming over. Miranda had even deployed some kind of stealth field as she walked alongside the metal mage. When Jake saw them enter the valley fully, he instantly Identified William as there was one thing he wanted to confirm first and foremost.

[Human – lvl 276 – Heretic]

Still a heretic, Jake thought with a bit of relief while also noting the guy’s level was pretty good. Still behind Jake and the other top elites, but only by half a dozen levels. He also didn’t believe William could have spoofed the identification in any way. Besides, posing as a heretic tended not to end well, and Jake didn’t doubt quite a few people would outright attack William upon seeing the tag.

Jake also noted how William looked a lot calmer. Serene, almost. Or perhaps it was just because Jake was used to the guy having quite an intense and somewhat crazy look in his eyes, and now he appeared a lot more normal and put-together. In any case, it definitely looked like getting out from under Eversmile’s boot had done him good.

It wasn’t like Eversmile seemed to give a damn Jake had turned William to the dark side, either. Sure, he wasn’t friendly around Jake, but he hadn’t been outright hostile either. He genuinely didn’t seem like he cared much. Then again, maybe Eversmile just viewed it as another interesting development for his research. Yeah, that totally seemed like something Eversmile would do.

Sitting on the porch, Miranda and William approached, with Miranda being the first to speak. “Sorry for the lack of warning before the visit.”

“It’s my fault,” William spoke up, indeed seeming a lot more mellow than usual. “I just returned to Earth today from Nevermore, having entered the World Wonder quite late.”

“Speaking of Nevermore… you went there in D-grade, so how much time did you lose in C-grade?” Jake asked. Probably not the most pressing question, but he was curious.

“Just the time I was there in D-grade,” William shook his head. “Though it did disqualify me from competing on the Leaderboards, not that I ever planned on doing that in the first place. I didn’t have a party to go with, but I just found a group in Nevermore City. Ended up joining six different parties during my time there, and that isn’t even to mention the members swapped out while in each party.

“Sounds tough,” Jake commented, though to be honest, he didn’t really care overly much. He did care about the timing of this visit, though. “Quite a day you decide to return. Either you are extremely talented in timing when you would be done with Nevermore, or there’s something fishy going on here.”

“I didn’t finish… I had about a year and a half left, but I knew I couldn’t delay my return any longer. In truth, I already cut it a lot closer than I originally planned to, as I had a contact in Nevermore who was delayed,” William explained, Jake not detecting any clue he was lying. Still, he remained highly suspicious.

“Alright, fine. I also get that you probably want to participate in the Prima event, but needless to say, you aren’t going to be part of the strike team,” Jake wanted to clarify quickly. He simply wouldn’t trust his back to someone like William… well, alright, Jake wouldn’t care much about his own back, as he would definitely see the backstabbing coming, but he didn’t want people who didn’t have an overpowered Bloodline to trust William either.

“That’s fine,” William said. “That’s not why I’m here.”

“William disappeared from Earth around the same time you went to Nevermore, and I confirmed he was no longer on the planet,” Miranda chimed in. “This meeting is because of where he went during that time.”

This did catch Jake’s attention as he looked at William inquisitively.

“I went to Ell’Hakan’s homeworld,” William said, not beating around the bush. “I did this during the time Ell’Hakan and the majority of the other high-ranking individuals were gone to Nevermore. I spent over a year there, exploring the planet.”

“His planet, huh… how did you even find it?” Jake questioned. Truthfully, Jake had looked into Ell’Hakan’s homeworld before and found nothing. Even the Viper didn’t actually know where his homeworld was. The abilities of the gods to peer into the ninety-third universe remained limited, and while the Viper would easily see any area around Jake or others he had blessed, he couldn’t simply scout the entire universe.

Even in other universes, trying to find one particular planet could be extremely annoying. There was one pretty reliable way, though. One it appeared William had used.

“I met Ell’Hakan when he came to Earth. I formed a faint karmic connection with him, and I held onto that bond. Using it to find his planet was far easier than I expected. Far easier than it should have been, as his world is… wrong,” William explained.

“Explain,” Jake frowned.

William took a moment before he spoke. “On Earth right now, karma is an endless web. It’s a confusing mess of different connections between people, and it’s what most would call natural. The karmic connections have been formed through genuine emotion. The bond between friends looks like friends, lovers like lovers, and so on. It isn’t like that on Ell’Hakan’s planet. Not at all.”

Jake kept quiet as the young-looking man continued.

“I think a bit of background is in order. Karma is a powerful aspect of Yip of Yore’s powers, yes, but Ell’Hakan has specialized further. His Bloodline is almost tailor-made to create powerful karmic connections between himself and others, and it’s through this karma he exploits them. As the Chosen of Yip of Yore, they both gain power based on others’ belief in their legends, and the more strongly others believe their legends, the more real these legends become. The more power they get,” William continued his explanation.

“I told you that here on Earth, the karmic web looks like expected, but on Ell’Hakans homeworld, it’s just fucked up. Effectively, the entire population shares one singular karmic bond, more powerful than any other. A singular stronger connection than their parents, partners, and children. Above everyone else, there is Ell’Hakan, the Celestial Child.”

“What exactly does this mean?” Jake questioned.

“Rather than a mortal or a mere leader, they view him more as a god… no, a being even higher than a god. They genuinely love and revere him. His word is truth, his actions just. They even believe he is unbeatable and that even if an actual god tried to slay him, they wouldn’t stand a chance. Honestly, Yip of Yore’s Path fits him so damn well it’s disgusting, as this powerful belief gives him actual tangible power.”

This narrative has been purloined without the author's approval. Report any appearances on Amazon.

Jake’s frown only deepened the more William spoke. For a long time, Jake’s theory had been that Ell’Hakan had a skill not that dissimilar to Jake’s Big Game Hunter, except rather than being triggered by higher-leveled opponents, it was triggered by the belief in his legend. If that was the case… did that mean he had a powerful passive boosting skill active at all times due to the belief from his homeworld?

There was one pretty damn simple potential method to overcome this kind of skill, though. Especially as a boosting skill like this could very well come with some form of backlash should Ell’Hakan lose belief in his legend.

“His legend is built on a lie. If we reveal the truth, it-“

“Won’t matter,” William sighed as he shook his head. “I tried. Caught a few people and showed them the truth, including some things he said to me that directly contradicted his own doctrine. It had absolutely no effect. Truth isn’t anything they care about anymore; it’s pure fanaticism.”

“Even if the majority of the population is brainwashed, there must be some people to disagree with his rule or people who managed to break out of this delusion,” Jake tried to argue.

“I didn’t detect a single one,” William said before he was silent for a bit, before asking a question Jake had never considered. “Do you know when he took over his planet?”

“I would say shortly after the system arrived… but I have the feeling that isn’t right,” Jake said.

“Twenty years before the integration. For twenty years, Ell’Hakan had already ruled his planet. Unified all the factions and countries under his own banner as the Celestial Child while doing a purge of anyone who dared not view him as a being above any other. To them, he is the literal son of the twin moons and the sun of his planet. No, not a metaphor or anything… legend has it that on the day of a twin eclipse, he was born, gifted to their world by the stars themselves to rule and bring peace,” William explained.

“Pretty sure only Starborn are born from literal stars,” Jake joked as he found the notion utterly idiotic.

“To make things even worse, I did also find his actual parents, though they seemed to believe they had only been the ones to raise him, despite the biological connection,” William continued. “I want to reiterate. Everything I’ve said is something every single person on the planet believes with utter unswayable conviction. They are completely fanatical. If he told them all to kill themselves, they wouldn’t even ask the reason before doing it.”

“So they’re like the fanatics of the Holy Church,” Jake said, really not needing more people like that in his life.

“They are far worse. Followers of the Holy Church at least know they can go to the Holyland if they die or they get some other benefits. In the end, they still act somewhat selfishly and logically, believing their deaths either serve a greater goal or help their family and friends,” William disagreed. “What is happening on Ell’Hakan’s planet isn’t that at all… it’s something the Holy Church could only dream of achieving.”

Jake was in thought for a bit before asking the big question: “I appreciate this information, but I’m still not sure why you needed this urgent meeting or exactly what you want me to do with this knowledge. You don’t sound like you’re offering any solutions here.”

“I’m not,” William sighed. “But let me get to the crux of it. Ell’Hakan’s Bloodline allows him to manipulate emotions, something I’m sure you’ve already experienced, right?”

“Right,” Jake nodded. He really fucking hated that Bloodline. His own was way better and way less insidious.

“What you’ve experienced is only a mere fleeting moment of it. I want you to imagine what continued exposure can result in, especially when the feelings they foster are never contradicted or argued against. It makes the emotions utterly engrained in your being and something you don’t question. But it’s more than that… because these emotions weren’t born naturally but forcefully empowered through the influence of a Bloodline. Empowered to a whole new level of emotions – a new conceptual stage - I don’t even think we can imagine, and that’s coming from someone who’s been introduced to quite a few entirely new emotions throughout his life,” William explained in-depth.

“People already let emotions rule them more than logic, and this takes that to an extreme. These emotions become so strong there is no way to sway them. They embedded themselves in the soul, becoming core parts of a person. I’m not saying disillusioning someone from Ell’Hakan’s manipulation is impossible, but you will need far more than merely showing them the truth. You will need something magical in nature to break this illusion they live under.”

“You still haven’t gotten to why this is so urgent,” Jake pointed out, as he felt like William was rambling quite a bit. He knew the guy liked to talk from way back in the Tutorial, but this was getting a bit much for what was effectively just the guy telling Jake Ell’Hakan’s Bloodline was dangerous.

“During the Prima Guardian event, Ell’Hakan has chosen to assist the other planets and not do the event alone. He leads this alliance and will get all other World Leaders in a room with him and access to hundreds of planets. He will spread his legend and create powerful diplomatic connections. People will go to his planet, he will go to theirs, and that’s where things get really dangerous…”

William raised a hand as a bit of mana gathered. “You control the nearby Pylon of Civilization. That means all of the territory the Pylon covers is infused with a bit of Records and energy at all times, correct?”

Jake nodded, as he suddenly had a realization. Wait, he can’t mean-

“The same is true for Ell’Hakan. Your Records have resulted in this Pylon being quite scary to all beasts, and as I’m sure Ms. Wells can attest to, it passively has helped everyone increase their resistance to auras merely living here. Now imagine if this same concept is applied to Ell’Hakan controlling a Pylon,” William said.

“He plans on gaining control of other Planetary Pylons by swaying the local World Leaders,” Jake had already realized. If a Pylon of Civilization covered a city in the Records and partial aura of a person, a Planetary Pylon definitely covered the whole planet... which would mean...

“That’s what I believe he is planning,” William nodded. “He wants to make other worlds like his own by making his Bloodline passively affect everyone living on these planets, turning them into fanatics. To make worlds where absolute reverence toward him is the baseline. While I’m sure there is a cap to his boosting ability, it’s still undisputable that he gains more power the more people believe in his legend. I’m sure he has other ways to use this energy that’s effectively faith, so if he gains control of more planets, his power will only grow to new heights. So that’s why this is urgent. If Ell’Hakan runs wild, he may just lay claim to the entire Milky Way galaxy before Earth even makes meaningful contact with other planets.”

“Well… fuck,” Jake could only say as he still wondered. “How do you even know all this? I just want to make sure this isn’t pure speculation on your part, even if it does sound pretty damn possible.”

“I had it confirmed and explained by the person who is effectively the Prime Minister of Ell’Hakan’s empire,” William answered with a smile. “He was more than happy to tell me everything.”

Jake narrowed his eyes as William just flashed a small smile. “Ell’Hakan is not the only innately manipulative person. It wasn’t hard to convince the guy I served Ell’Hakan and Yip of Yore by acting as the contact person between Eversmile and them. That my job was to assist in their quest. It didn’t take long before we were the best of friends and he told me all their plans as I only nodded along in excitement.”

“What are the chances this is all false information planted by Ell’Hakan to throw us off some other real goal?” Miranda asked after a few seconds.

“I doubt it is,” William shook his head. “Everything lined up too well, and I doubt he believed anyone would or even could go to his planet. It isn’t somewhere that’s easy to find at all, and he’s even done a lot to keep it hidden. While I don’t have much to thank Eversmile for and far more reasons for grief, he did teach me some valuable things that allowed me to find it.”

The three of them were silent for a moment as Jake considered everything they had talked about. After a bit, Miranda spoke up.

“When the Prima Guardian dies, this alliance system will also open up to us… we should take this chance to compete openly with Ell’Hakan. Ell’Hakan has recently tried to act more amicable toward Jake, so he can’t outright try and shut us out without it looking like he’s going back on his word,” Miranda said.

Jake considered her words and could only nod. In truth, this had also kind of been the plan… though more so because it looked like a chance to do some fun exploration while even fighting more bosses.

“The most important thing is for others not to hand over their planetary cores to Ell’Hakan,” William nodded. “Because if they do… I’m not sure what the solution would be.”

“To kill Ell’Hakan,” Jake shrugged. Seemed pretty easy.

“That won’t make these emotions go away,” William sighed. “The level of fanaticism exists independent of him. My guess is that they will assume he didn’t truly die but just ascended or will be revived in the future or some shit.”

… Jake really hated dealing with goddamn fanatics.




***
Chapter 929: Mysterious Third Party


***






William’s revelations about Ell’Hakan and the shit he had been up to were quite something. It sure as hell gave Jake some food for thought, and he did end up asking some more clarifying questions, some of which the metal mage could answer and some he could only speculate about.

One of the things Jake was curious about was how long it would take for people to get what was effectively brainwashed after Ell’Hakan took over a planet, something William naturally couldn’t really know as it hadn’t happened yet.

However, he had been on Ell’Hakan’s planet for over a year. During this time, he had constantly been subtly affected, yet he felt nothing from it, making him believe the manipulation was so subtle that any reasonable level of pushback would nullify the effect. True, William did mention thinking that “maybe he isn’t that bad” a few times, but a quick thought that “no, he actually sucks” was enough for him to remain unaffected.

This made William guess that this passive takeover only really worked if there was no disagreement but pure cultural homogeneity. It wasn’t like he could just take over a Pylon, and suddenly everyone loved him. It was a slow, insidious process that only took hold after continual exposure in a highly controlled society.

That’s assuming the goal was to make them worship Ell’Hakan.

William also reminded Jake that Ell’Hakan’s Bloodline wasn’t to make people feel positive emotions toward him. It was to manipulate emotions. It wouldn’t be a far fetch to believe that Ell’Hakan could manipulate the core emotion amplified by the Pylon of Civilization’s or Planetary Pylons to be anything he wanted… such as to amplify faith toward other gods, factions, or individuals.

Ell’Hakan could also not make it about any positive emotions at all. He could make it about the hatred for others. He could slowly spread a creeping feeling that Jake actually sucked, and if further amplified with some good propaganda campaigns, this hatred could quickly spread, especially to those who didn’t really have any opinion of Jake prior, making all the exposure they ever had to him completely negative. Shit this already worked pretty damn well without any Bloodline-powered manipulation.

Honestly, Jake was even beginning to wonder if maybe Ell’Hakan was the one with the most overpowered Bloodline of the two of them… alright, that was a bad joke. Ell’Hakan’s Bloodline probably didn’t even give any Perception.

To clarify, while what Ell’Hakan was doing did seem extremely fucked up… it wasn’t comparable to something like a plague, much less a karmic plague. It still required direct manipulation. It wasn’t something that could spread on its own and get out of control. Comparing it to the Holy Church and their extreme propaganda was far more accurate, as even their indoctrination could sometimes reach such a level where it was borderline impossible to dispel the delusion. Combining both the indoctrination and the Bloodline, though… scary thoughts.

In any case, William had brought back some pretty damn valuable information. There were still a few things that struck him as weird, though.

“I’ve been thinking… why did you even go to his planet in the first place? What made you decide to go? Because, let’s be honest, you don’t seem like the kind to just do this out of the kindness of your heart. I also doubt you are invested in the good of this planet, so what made you do it?” Jake asked a thought that had bothered him for a while.

“Firstly, fuck that guy. I wanted to know if Ell’Hakan knew I was getting fucked over by Eversmile, and unsurprisingly, he did. So that’s one reason. I want revenge, but I’m also fully aware I don’t stand a chance at taking him down myself, so I’m hoping you can do the job,” William said. “Secondly, I was hired to go explore the planet and report back to you about my findings.”

Jake frowned as he looked at Miranda who just shrugged, clearly unaware this had been a thing. So, definitely wasn’t her or anyone from Haven who’d hired him. On the top of his head, he couldn’t figure out who it could even be. Especially not someone who would specifically ask William to report back to Jake.

“Who exactly hired you?” Jake questioned further.

“I don’t know,” William readily admitted. “The one I spoke to was clearly just a go-between of some kind, and I didn’t ask too many questions. All I cared about was that they helped me teleport to the planet and offered information about when Ell’Hakan and others were gone, and some basic intelligence on the planet. Perhaps I was used, true, but I can accept that as I don’t see myself losing anything doing this. Quite the opposite and I seriously doubt the one who hired me has any positive intentions toward Yip’s Chosen.”

“So some mysterious hooded guy just came up to you one day and asked you to go to this other planet for an even more mysterious third party, and you just said yes and rolled with it?” Jake asked, more than a little skeptical.

“It was a hooded woman, but yes, that’s essentially what happened. I did try to track down who may have been behind it all, but no traces anywhere. I did find the corpse of the woman who had been used as a go-between, though, but that’s where the trail went entirely cold, so they know what they’re doing, even hiding their karma,” William said.

“Alright, so it gets worse. Someone who is willing to kill people they worked with prior was behind hiring you, and who is powerful enough to manipulate karma to some extent... and they did this while only telling you to report to me and not anyone else?” Jake said, trying to wrap his mind around everything. “This makes no fucking sense.”

“I am not disagreeing,” William just said. “I’m just the messenger here, and I’ve now delivered my message. I truly didn’t come for anything else, and in truth, I would probably have preferred only reporting to Ms. Wells, but I made a promise to report to you, and as someone walking a Path of karmic magic, it would hurt me quite a lot if I broke such a promise.

“Hm…”

Jake sat there for a few moments as he thought everything through. He didn’t really have any more questions, and he did see that William handed Miranda what was effectively a report of all his observations. Now, this report was originally meant for Jake, but Miranda took it in his place, as she was actually going to read and study it all closely. It appeared that the metal mage had done quite a good job with his scouting mission.

If you encounter this tale on Amazon, note that it's taken without the author's consent. Report it.

“What are you planning on doing next?” Jake asked William after he was done thinking.

Their conversation had been relatively short, but Jake felt less negative toward the metal mage now than before. Perhaps it was just for the simple reason that this was the first time an encounter had actually been beneficial to Jake. He hadn’t done anything to piss off Jake either but had seemed mellow and a lot more down to earth. Even his ego, which used to be a bit too overinflated, had become pretty reasonable.

Still, Jake wasn’t going to let him be in his good graces after a single encounter, much less trust the guy. Jake knew it could be argued the current William wasn’t even the same person that had been in his Tutorial… but that didn’t mean the thought of repeating their last encounter of the Tutorial didn’t occur to him.

“I’m going to participate in the Prima Guardian event. I missed so many other events because of Eversmile, and I’m not going to miss another. I won’t interfere with the strike team for the boss, but I can at least help on the perimeter to kill a few Primas,” William answered. “After that, I hope the plan is to do what Ms. Wells said and engage with the Prima Guardian Alliance to assist other planets. The difficulty of the Prima Guardian here on Earth will no doubt be the highest of the entire Milky Way, so if we can kill that, we can kill others. That will benefit Earth as we will get partial rewards from other system events while directly acting against Ell’Hakan’s plan.”

“Our plan is indeed to travel and help other planets out after we handled our own, right Jake?” Miranda said, with a look in her eyes that made it very clear he shouldn’t say no. Not that he would have.

“Do you really think I’m gonna miss a chance to fight a bunch of powerful bosses for cool rewards while even fucking over Ell’Hakan’s plans as a bonus?” Jake grinned. “Hell no. Not gonna pass up such a sweet opportunity.”

“Good… now I’m nearly feeling sorry for the poor planets that will have you storm in and just dominate their event and monopolize the rewards,” Miranda shook her head.

“Eh, I’m sure they can live with it if it also means their planet doesn’t get overrun by an army of Primas that kill everything,” Jake shrugged. “Seems like an acceptable trade-off.”

Seeing as the conversation was very much winding down, the metal mage took his chance.

“I think that’s all, so I’ll be off now,” William said as he stood up. “One last thing… if you ever need to go to Ell’Hakan’s homeworld, let me know. I don’t think anyone knows I’ve been there, at least no one that would warn him, so it should be possible to use the same method again. Just be aware it may be a one-way trip, at least with what I can provide.”

“As long as you have the coordinates, that may be all I need when the time comes,” Jake said in a serious tone. “But such a visit would be for after all these Prima Guardian-related matters are finished.”

“Very well,” William said with a nod as he hesitated for a moment before speaking. “And thanks for not killing me on sight, I guess.”

“Don’t give me a reason to,” Jake said in a curt tone. “Better yet, give me reasons not to.”

“I’ll try," William said with a wry smile as he walked toward the exit of the valley. On the way, his form shimmered, and he began to fade away. With his insane Perception, Jake still saw him, but one thing was clear…

He has a stealth skill at least at the same level as Unseen Hunter. Probably, no, definitely, karma-related in some way. Powerful for sure.

This was the final thing with William… he had always been strong. Eversmile had just fucked him over a lot, and now that he was free, it was almost as if he had gotten new wings. Perhaps he was finally doing things for himself and because he wanted to, which had allowed him to grow into his own. In any case, Jake hoped he wouldn’t become a problem because he was strong enough to be.

Now, this isn’t saying Jake couldn’t curb-stomp him into the afterlife, but it did mean he could be a troublesome fellow to hunt down and stomp into the ground mercilessly before he could do a lot of damage.

Jake was still far from trusting him. There was always the thought of what William had done. He had never really faced any “justice” for what he’d done, and Jake knew that William’s actions couldn’t just all be blamed on Eversmile. He had been a damn psycho all on his own before Eversmile got involved.

The thing is, now he was no longer a psychopath in that he literally had his brain fixed physically. Could it be argued this meant William wasn’t even the same person anymore? That he was only acting as he did because something was wrong with him that he was now cured of?

It was all so damn complicated… but it just felt off to kill William now, seeing as he was proving actually useful. Finally, Jake got the feeling that while he was now a heretic, Eversmile was far from done with the young metal mage.

With William gone from the valley, Miranda turned to Jake inquisitively. “What are your thoughts on this entire thing? Do you think all the information he gave is accurate?”

“It’s fishy as hell, but I think the majority is true. At least it all seems both probable and possible and entirely like something Ell’Hakan would be doing,” Jake said with a sigh. “I am a bit bothered by this mysterious person or faction who hired him, though.”

“You aren’t involved, right?” Jake also quickly sent telepathically to the Viper through the power of his divine direct connection.

“Nope, and I don’t even know who it is. I have a few theories, sure, but nothing I wanna share as it’s far from concrete. I will say that I doubt Eversmile is the one pulling the strings on this one, though. It may very well be an interested third party who wants to see Ell’Hakan taken down,” the Viper shared.

“Alright, just wanted to make sure, thanks,” Jake sent back as Miranda spoke.

“Yeah, I don’t wanna make any conclusions either if they are helping or acting against us, but I definitely don’t think they are on the side of Ell’Hakan. That isn’t to say they are on our side, though. It’s entirely possible they just want to use you to get rid of him or stop him from doing something they wish to avoid seeing happen. Though I guess we can assume the enemy of an enemy is a friend in this case, and we have no obligations as no deals have been made with us directly,” Miranda shared her thoughts.

“All very annoying,” Jake sighed loudly. “Why do schemers have to ruin everything? Why couldn’t we just have a nice fight against a big Prima Guardian boss along with its goons and then go home for a nice long alchemy session afterward?”

“You are aware you carry the True Blessing of one of the famously biggest schemers in the multiverse, right?” Miranda asked with a raised eyebrow.

“Everyone has their bad qualities that we as friends seek to overlook,” Jake sighed once more.

“… sometimes, I’m bewildered how you are even the Chosen of the Malefic One, seeing as you seem to be his least faithful follower,” Miranda said in a dry tone.

“We just have a super special relationship,” Jake said with a smile. He didn’t need to add that he thought it was a really sad state of affairs that being friends was considered a super special relationship, as that would come off as perhaps a bit too heretical… which again was super fucking sad.

“I wouldn’t dare argue against that,” Miranda said. “Sometimes I envy the casualness with which you carry yourself, even when interacting with a Primordial. I feel afraid to even talk when I’m with the Verdant Witches.”

“Different strokes for different folks, what can I say?” Jake said. It was just treading old water going over how odd his and the Viper’s relationship was, and Miranda had definitely realized its oddness a very long time ago. If not, Jake should definitely have fired her for lacking Perception.

The two of them sat there for a bit before Miranda got up. “I should return; there are still some last-minute preparations. You should also come soon; nearly everyone has already gathered.”

“I’ll just go with,” Jake said, also getting up as he stretched a bit.

It wasn’t that Jake needed to come for a strategy meeting or anything, as they planned to use the travel time for that while inside Sandy. Still, after the talk with William, Jake didn’t feel in the mood for alchemy but to hunt some Prima Guardian.




***
Chapter 930: Prima Guardian Cometh


***






A relatively simple system event about killing a big boss had become a lot more complicated because Ell’Hakan was an asshole who just had to try and ruin a good thing.

However, ultimately, the goal of this event hadn’t changed, and Jake wouldn’t act any differently than he had already planned. The goal was still to kill Earth’s Prima Guardian as quickly as possible, and then once their planet was safely secured, make contact with this Prima Guardian Alliance and offer them assistance. True, while there may now be extra benefits, Jake still wanted to do it because he wanted to fight more bosses.

Less than a day after William’s visit, it had been time to set off from Haven toward where Jacob augured the Prima Guardian would arrive. The Sandy Express was already waiting and ready to go as everyone arrived. It wasn’t just the strike team that would go with Sandy, but a few hundred people, as it also included many of the elites from Earth who would secure the perimeter. Many of these elites had traveled to Haven specifically to ride the Sandy Express rather than take the still-in-progress Teleportation Tram. The amenities within the giant space worm were also just far better.

Jake did smile at how quite a few were apprehensive about allowing a giant worm blessed by someone called the Boundless Hydra to effectively consume them. They did change their minds quickly once they were inside, though.

While recovering back at the Order, Sandy had some help to rebuild many of their stomachs, and knowing about the upcoming Prima Guardian event ensured that there were good living areas in one of the larger stomachs. Jake truly had no idea how big Sandy’s internal world was by now, but making several massive halls filled with tables, a bar, private rooms with beds, and several forms of entertainment clearly wasn’t a problem.

The strike team, as Jake kept calling the people who would fight the Prima Guardian, had their own private hall, where they all gathered. It was all the people Jake had expected to see, and it was also good to reunite with three out of his Nevermore party members.

Carmen, Eron, Caleb, the Sword Saint, Fallen King, Sylphie, Casper, Maria, Vesperia, and Arnold were naturally part of this strike team, the members being entirely the expected ones. Alright, maybe Arnold was a bit of a surprise, as Jake could totally have seen the guy choosing to stay at home to control everything behind a screen, but he had wanted to go in person. Even if he could exert the majority of his power from afar, it was probably still best for him to be as close as possible.

Someone who did choose to stay on the backlines was Miranda. She could have been part of the strike team if she wanted, especially with some setup time, but she would rather set up a domain a bit away to ensure no regular Primas could get past and run rampant. Which was totally fair, and in truth, Jake wasn’t even sure how much she could have helped.

To note, most of the large factions had already gone to where the Prima Guardian would arrive a good while ago to set up with large groups. More accurately, they had set up a good distance away and spread out to try and cover so no monsters could sneak by and cause trouble.

During the travel, the thing with William and Ell’Hakan was naturally something Jake shared with the others of the strike team, though Jake did leave out some details, such as everything about this mysterious third party hiring the metal mage to go. Partly because it was a legitimate possibility that one of the factions these people belonged to had been responsible.

Jake wasn’t saying any of them were trying to fool Jake, as he knew that many divine factions very much acted on a need-to-know basis, making it entirely possible Valhal, the Risen, Dao Sect, or any other faction was involved without the person belonging to that faction knowing about it.

Still, despite Jake’s suspicion that someone’s faction could get involved, that didn’t make him hold back from having a good time while he chilled with everyone, as they quickly realized that all that stuff about strategizing wouldn’t take days… not even an hour.

It could quite easily be summarized, as the Sword Saint put it:

“Without knowing exactly how we can or want to optimally engage the Prima Guardian, nor if there will be some change to the environment or we will have to face it inside of this meteorite it will allegedly arrive in, making any concrete plans make little sense. I also believe we all know how to handle ourselves and not get in the way of others, and through the Golden Marks of the Fallen King, we should be able to quickly communicate and adapt. Nevertheless, I believe the best strategy – assuming the Prima Guardian isn’t far stronger than we believe - is that we hold nothing back but strike with the best we have right away once everyone is ready. Oh, and let’s have Jake have the first attack. This Prima Guardian will definitely be peak C-grade or at least very close, making him the one with the most powerful opening attack,” the old man said.

No one disagreed with that assessment, and besides such a basic plan, everyone would just have to act according to their roles and play to their strengths. Carmen would try and draw attention, being the most durable of them all, while Eron would act as their only dedicated healer while naturally also being virtually invincible. Everyone else also had their own fighting styles, and honestly…

The team that would take on the Prima Guardian was just insane. They had all the same people who did the Monarch of Blood way back in the day, with the addition of Arnold, Fallen King, Sylphie – as she wasn’t strong enough then – and Vesperia. All of them were peak figures who could easily have been the supremely strongest of their own planets if they were elsewhere.

No… they could have been the strongest of their entire galaxies.

With all the super-serious strategy stuff over, they just all chilled and talked, and one of the centers of attention was definitely the complete “newcomer” to their group, who only Jake really knew: Vesperia.

Jake couldn’t fault their curiosity… and he also got telepathic heads-ups from half the group that their factions had told them to try and get closer to the True Royal. Jake wanted to warn Vesperia that this was the case, but honestly, she definitely already knew and had it handled as she spoke politely while making sure never to reveal anything that wasn’t pertinent to the upcoming Prima Guardian fight.

Vesperia, being such a center of attention, naturally also spilled over to other people showing interest in Jake… with two of them being a bit harder to deal with than the others.

Stolen from its rightful author, this tale is not meant to be on Amazon; report any sightings.

“You really are just out there popping out kids like a stupid couple trying to save their failing marriage,” Carmen commented as she looked at Vesperia, expertly dealing with Casper, who was definitely trying to pry some confidential information out as a representative of the Risen.

“He sure is living the single-father life,” Caleb said in complete agreement with a big grin on his face. “You know, he hasn’t even brought back the True Royal and giant cosmic space worm to meet their grandparents yet?”

“Maybe he’s just trying to prove he can make it without familial support?” Carmen said. “The mothers also seem out of the picture, huh?”

“I would have you know Mystie is still very much around,” Jake commented.

“Oh yeah, wasn’t she already with a partner when you got involved? Are you an adulterer?” Caleb said in a fake disappointed voice.

“I’m the uncle,” Jake argued. “Godfather and good friend of the family at most.”

“How about the two other mothers?” Carmen looked at Jake with a raised eyebrow as she leaned over to Caleb and whispered: “He’s probably saying they came from eggs or something like an excuse.”

“Only one of them came from an egg,” Jake sighed. “Sandy was already a whole worm before I came around, so you can’t tease me about being the dad there.”

Caleb looked at Jake with a serious expression. “Adopting does make them your child and you as morally and legally responsible as if they are biologically yours.”

“Yeah, Jake, don’t turn into a deadbeat,” Carmen grinned.

“This conversation is making me want to beat something to death,” Jake muttered.

“Hey, if you want any more kids, I’m sure Gwyndyr would more than happily have you visit,” Maria said, having walked over. “In fact, I’m pretty sure you would have a hard time finding any factions who aren’t interested in inviting the Harbinger of Primeval Origins… cool title, by the way.”

“Yeah, where does that even come from?” Carmen questioned. “I had people in Nevermore City refer to you with the same title. Like, I get what it means, but how come everyone agreed on this title?”

“Based on what the Malefic Viper said, it’s something to do with Records or something,” Jake shook his head. “Quite a few gods can apparently glean Records of the multiverse with the system giving stuff names they adopt and use. It kind of makes sense when you consider that I was offered a pretty damn good profession called Harbinger of Primeval Origins.”

“When you say offered, do you mean you didn’t pick it?” Caleb raised an eyebrow.

“I had one I wanted more,” Jake just shrugged. Yeah, he really shouldn’t ever mention the name of his actual profession, and he was very happy no one seemed to realize what it was either. Perhaps gods simply couldn’t detect he was also a heretic, as part of being a heretic was innate resistance to gods detecting you.

“Fair enough,” his brother didn’t try to pry further. “Also, it’s pretty funny seeing you share your intent to screw over Ell’Hakan and help other planets, as I was also informed by the higher-ups that they want us to assist a few planets from that Prima Guardian Alliance thing. We aren’t the only branch of the Court of Shadows in our Milky Way, and as the only Judge, I am viewed as responsible for them.”

“Valhal is a bit the same,” Carmen commented. “In the sense we have a presence on two more planets in the Milky Way, that is. Both of them are going to face their Prima Guardian alone without all that alliance bullshit, though.”

“That’s what I would expect of Valhal, but do remember that the Court is not a crazy war cult but a murderous assassination cult,” Maria said with a smile. “I don’t have any special orders from Gwyndyr or my crazy flame-obsessed mercenary cult, so I guess I’ll just go wherever. Actually, probably just gonna do what Miranda asks of me.”

The three of them continued talking a bit before more people joined them to discuss the plans for this whole Alliance business, helped along by Vesperia walking over.

“If I may,” Vesperia said, looking at Jake. “If this Ell’Hakan has already managed to claim another planet before we have a chance to step in, what are our plans?”

“First of all, I think getting access to a planet at all will require the permission of the World Leader. That would just make sense. So, chances are we wouldn’t even be able to help, at least not for now, if they don’t allow us to travel there,” Jake said. “Secondly, I’m not sure how I feel about you taking over an entire planet filled with enlightened species.”

Vesperia smiled. “Sire read my intentions that easily?”

“It makes sense,” Jake shrugged. If there was a planet that was relatively weak, he understood why Vesperia would consider taking it over. She wanted somewhere to start a new hive, and she couldn’t place a proper one on Earth. Such hives tended to monopolize all the resources on a planet if allowed to grow freely, and Vesperia wanted somewhere she could have a Hive Queen go full throttle without clashing with Jake or people he knew.

“So, what if a planet that we have both access to and has the right circumstances?” Vesperia followed up.

“I’m not going to tell you what you can and can’t do if it doesn’t involve me,” Jake just said.

He wasn’t an idiot. He knew Vesperia would one day take over a whole bunch of planets as she grew. It was simply her Path to expand and, in many ways, also her responsibility. She hadn’t stated it outright, but Jake knew she felt like she had to create a strong foothold in the ninety-third universe for the Endless Empire.

As the only True Royal capable of being there, she was indisputably the highest-ranked ectognamorph of the entire universe. Jake could understand why she felt a need to do well, and part of doing well meant taking over a few planets plentiful with resources. These planets tended to naturally also have other life, enlightened races included, and their fates wouldn’t be pleasant, as they were viewed as nothing more but a vector of growth.

Either way, Vesperia seemed happy enough with his answer, as they gladly changed the subject that no one within the giant space worm seemed particularly comfortable with. Besides the Fallen King, that is. The Unique Lifeform honestly wasn’t really engaging with a lot of people and only talking with the Sword Saint and Sylphie.

He did speak up a bit when he infused them all with Golden Marks to allow communication and location-tracking on all of them. It was really handy soul magic, for sure.

Like this, the hours of travel quickly passed within the giant space worm, and soon enough, they reached their destination.

“Alright, we’ve reached our final stop, everyone out! Sandy’s voice echoed as, all at once, they were forcibly expelled from within the worm’s stomach. “Sorry, wanted to be nicer about it, but this place feels super weird and wrong and I want out of here sooner rather than later.”

Jake, who had landed on the sand dunes, looked at the worm with understanding. “Yeah… I also feel something. This is definitely the right spot. Do get out of here; we don’t wanna risk the Prima Guardian doing some weird shit to you.”

“No need to tell me twice!” Sandy said as the worm shimmered and flew away at breakneck speed.

“Do you think the worm will go too far away?” Carmen asked. “Kind of assumed that was also our ride home.”

“Eh, one thing at a time; let’s kill the boss before considering our transportation home,” Jake shook his head.

Not far away from them, Jake also spotted Jacob and Bertram standing there. He and the rest of the strike team wanted over, as all the others who had arrived alongside them spread out to do their own pre-planned tasks.

“Soon,” Jacob said when Jake got close. “It’ll be right around there.”

Jacob pointed to an inconspicuous area, but Jake didn’t doubt his words. And not just because he was an Augur, but because of what Jake both saw and felt himself. A Pulse of Perception also confirmed the area was odd.

He barely spotted any life anywhere. Outside of the many humans and other races who had arrived, that is. All the wildlife had abandoned the area, even those very deep underground. Jake also didn’t believe this was simply due to the many humans in the area.

Minutes ticked by, as the time grew ever-nearer, until finally… a system notification.

Time grows near, and the Prima Guardian shall arrive on Earth within 1 hour (59:59). All denizens of Earth innately feel where this danger shall appear from.

And just as the system said, they all knew where the boss would touch down, and yep.

It was right in front of them.




***
Chapter 931: The Prima Guardian Event Begins


***






Countless planets across the ninety-third universe got this message at the exact same time. Countless planets were steeling themselves to face what many believed would be the final system event of the early period of the newly initiated universe… all waiting to realize their fates and to see if they were viable to continue existing going forward.

Some faced this challenge with excitement, expectations, and a bright look toward the future. Others with doubt, fear, and even a sense of helplessness, as they doubted they stood a chance against whatever monster would arrive. Alliances did help, but not every galaxy had powerful alliances. Some had even come into conflict with other planets already, killing all hopes of working together.

No matter what, one thing was clear: this system event would determine the fate of many planets. If they would become worlds ruled by enlightened individuals or one with monsters in charge. Millions of civilizations would fall, as planets would be overrun by Prima Guardians who would then take charge of the Planetary Pylon, making it a world hostile to the enlightened.

In some ways, this could be viewed as a test if the populations of every planet had reached a satisfactory power level, or were due for a reset. Perhaps new enlightened races would appear there in the future, or maybe they wouldn’t.

Each galaxy had different circumstances, but one stood out more than any other. A galaxy with not one, but two Chosen of pinnacle gods in it, with people who were not only the strongest C-grades of this generation but of all generations in the history of the multiverse – at least if one went by the Nevermore Leaderboards.

While the vast majority of galaxies had borderline zero divine attention, the same couldn’t be said about the Milky Way, which had all eyes on it to see what many believed would be yet another showdown between the two Chosen, who had recently also faced off in Nevermore.

It was a chance for Ell’Hakan to reclaim some of the prestige he had lost in Nevermore… or for the Chosen of the Malefic One to fully prove his superiority. Some would argue this competition wasn’t entirely fair, though, as this wasn’t a one-on-one duel, but each Chosen had a whole swath of allies. And especially when it came to these allies, there was an imbalance.

Even the gods couldn’t agree on who had the advantage, though. Because one side had the entire Prima Guardian Alliance… while Earth had Earth.

Ell’Hakan flew to the exact spot the Prima Guardian would arrive at, followed by thirty other people. Five of them were from his own planet, while the rest of them hailed from the Prima Guardian Alliance. They were the strongest of their own planets, and while none truly reached the peak level, many were quite strong in their own rights.

Tens of thousands of elites from the Prima Guardian Alliance had also arrived to help secure the perimeter, limiting the damage the system event could cause. As the leader of the alliance, it was only to be expected he would make use of his position.

Their plan was quite simple. They had gathered this elite team to take down the Prima Guardian on Ell’Hakan’s planet first, before they would move to others, taking down Prima Guardians and regular Primas one after another. The teleportation network provided by the system allowed them to teleport between every member planet incredibly simply, if a bit limited, due to each planet only generally having one teleporter. This was heavily remedied by effective teleportation networks on the different planets, but it could be a pain, especially on the less developed worlds where the alliance had less time to put down solid networks.

On the many respective planets of the alliance, they had also enacted protocols to condense and secure the populace, so even if the elites of the planet were gone, the damage would be minimized. Some defenders did also remain on each planet, but just enough to handle a few wayward Primas.

It was quickly confirmed these Prima Guardians would always appear nearly directly on the other side of the planet from where most enlightened lived, which was both a curse and a blessing. A blessing because it meant the Primas wouldn’t reach the enlightened within a short period and likely be very scattered once they did, and a curse because it meant going to face off against the Prima Guardian would take longer in pure travel time.

Time was certainly a big constraint in this event, but it didn’t bother Ell’Hakan too much. He had already designated the planets with the least usefulness and low populations, and it was only to be expected some couldn’t be saved. Not even the greatest hero could save everyone every time. Sacrifices would also only make those he did save view him more favorably, as they could directly see the unfortunate fate of those who didn’t get his help.

Refocusing, he soon arrived at the spot where the Prima Guardian would land together with his elite team who began setting down a formation. As he stood there, he felt the belief of the planet and all other planets he had also begun to influence coursing through his body. He looked up as the sun’s rays warmed and empowered his body, the twin moons hidden right now but always there. As one would expect of parents looking after their child.

He felt strong and confident in his plan. Besides, Earth, the planet belonging to the Chosen of the Malefic One, was ultimately still only one planet. Ell’Hakan had the powers of hundreds behind him. Smiling, he felt it was almost a certainty.

We shall be the ones to claim first blood. We have to.

Back on Earth, no one even seemed to be thinking about some grand universe-wide competition as they were too busy doing their own thing.

With it now fully confirmed that the spot Jacob had picked out was indeed where the Prima Guardian would appear, everyone got to work making their own preparations. The Sword Saint painted a picture of the desert to allow him to teleport back there should something unforeseen happen, Carmen did some small ritual and sacrificed some bones, Arnold began to send out drones and even shot up small satellite-like things, Maria prepared arrows by infusing them with firebombs, Caleb began charging what looked like small bombs, and Casper spread out traps in the area… everyone did something.

Jake also prepared his own Protean Arrow despite not knowing the exact nature of what they would face. He wanted to make a rather basic arrow that would work against most things, so it ended up consisting primarily of purely destructive arcane energy. It was far from ideal, and he could have made a better one if he could confirm what kind of creature the Prima could be. He chose to go with the most all-purpose one, though, because he didn’t want to risk making some arrow specialized in killing flesh and blood creatures only for some large elemental to appear, making Jake look like a complete moron when his arrow would fly harmlessly straight through its body.

Vesperia also did her thing. She sent out practically all of her C-grade drones in one direction where she had been assigned to make a defensive line, keeping only her four Queen’s Guards with her for this battle. Even the Royal Guards were too weak to be of proper help during the fight that was to come without getting the way, so they joined the regular drones. This section she would be in charge of was definitely one of the most robust ones, showing Vesperia indeed was a one-woman army in that she could literally summon an army.

A few people didn’t have anything to prepare at all. The Fallen King simply floated there while Eron was reading a small book on a summoned chair. Sylphie was also just flying around, getting a feel for the area, occasionally complaining about how still the wind was in the desert.

After around fifty minutes of preparation and relaxation, as the boss grew ever nearer, yet another system message appeared before every person on the planet. It was finally the “real” announcement of the event.

The Prima Guardian Event Shall Begin Shortly.

From the vastness of space, a Prima Vessel Is bound for Earth, carrying with it Primas who have been empowered within the Seal of the Exalted Prima and the Prima Guardian itself. Seek out where it lands and prepare to fight, flee, and defend what is worth protecting, or find any other strategy to face the Guardian. Do this with the knowledge you have time.

The Prima Guardian will be sealed within the Prima Vessel for the first 1000 days after arrival. Each day that passes, the Prima Guardian shall break one of the chains sealing it, expending some of its power to regain its freedom. While sealed, the Prima Guardian cannot leave the Prima Vessel, and none can enter the Vessel either, except for the Key Holder carrying the First Key (current World Leader, Jake Thayne).

Even as the Prima Guardian remains sealed, the Primas that have arrived alongside it shall roam free, bringing with them their armies. Defend, attack, and hunt down every Prima, knowing that every slain Prima empowers the remaining seals on the Prima Guardian, forcing it to expend even more energy to regain its freedom, thus making it weaker once fully unsealed.

Once the Prima Guardian is free, it shall seek to hunt down the other Key Holder and claim the Planetary Pylon. After 5 years of the Prima Guardian’s release, the barrier protecting Earth’s Planetary Core will naturally disperse, allowing any with a key to claim it. Current Key Holders on Earth: Jake Thayne. Prima Guardian of Earth (upon arrival).

Due to the exceptional performance of Earth in prior system events and the number of Primas slain during the first period of this event, the Prima Guardian is significantly more powerful than usual. The hundreds of chains broken before time from the slain Primas allow the Prima Guardian to absorb the Records and energies while expending less energy to break free overall.

The faster the Prima Guardian is slain, the greater the reward. Once the Prima Guardian has been slain, Earth will naturally be enrolled in the Prima Guardian Alliance. Participating in the alliance is entirely voluntary but may result in improved event rewards.

Let the true battle for who shall ultimately claim dominion of the Planetary Pylon begin.

WARNING: Should the Key Holder choose to enter the Prima Vessel before the 1000 days are over, all seals limiting the Prima Guardian are instantaneously broken, and the Prima Guardian is set free. If the Prima Guardian is unsealed before all chains are broken, it will not expend any of its saved-up power doing so, leaving it far more powerful. Caution is heavily advised.

All rewards from this event shall be given once all Prima Guardians of the Milky Way Galaxy have been slain or at the event’s natural expiration five years after all Prima Guardians have been released. Rewards are based both on the performance of every individual and the planet’s performance as a whole.

Prima Guardian Arrival: 9:57

Just as this message came, Jake felt something. A faint sliver of energy had gathered, and when Jake looked at the back of his hand, a small golden glowing sigil had appeared. Instantly, he knew this was the key spoken about in the system message. One part of what would ultimately allow him to unlock the barrier around the Planetary Pylon, with the other one held by the Prima Guardian.

Everyone quickly read the system message while gathering around, and Jake felt all eyes turn to him. Jake just gave a knowing smile. ”I don’t think it needs to be said, right? I’m storming head-first into that Prima Vessel the second I can to free the damn thing. No way we’re waiting a thousand days.”

No one said anything, as this was entirely what they had expected. The system even directly told them that killing the Prima Guardian as quickly as possible would lead to better rewards, and everyone else knew that the system always put a lot of stock on things like being the first to do something.

And there was no fucking way Jake or anyone else wanted to risk someone like Ell’Hakan snagging the first kill. Jake could almost imagine the smug fuck standing somewhere, with a dumb smile on his face, feeling all confident.

Besides… unsealing the Prima Guardian fast would make it stronger, resulting in a more difficult fight, and difficult fights were more fun. Honestly, there were only upsides!

Floating over, the Fallen King regarded Jake and saw the glowing symbol on his hand. ”Do you intend to enter yourself? If the key can be transferred, perhaps it would be better if someone else goes, and you can make distance to strike more efficiently.”

”Maybe I can transfer it, but I see no reason to even try,” Jake said, shaking his head. ”Say this Prima Guardian turns out to be far more dangerous than we believe, I think it’s best I’m the one going into this Vessel. Outside of Eron, I’m the one who’s the hardest to take down, and out of everyone, I’m the one who can escape the easiest while not dying in the process.”

There was also the fact that Jake’s danger sense would warn him before things even got too dangerous. He truly believed that out of everyone, it was best if he was the one to enter. Besides, as the World Leader, he had to take responsibility and risk sometimes, right?

”Your logic is sound, very well,” the Fallen King simply said.

”Ree?” Sylphie questioned, flying over.

”No, I’ll enter alone,” Jake shook his head.

”Ree…” Sylphie screeched a bit sadly as Carmen went over and comforted the bird with a pat on the head. Jake got a look from Vesperia, but he decided now wasn’t the time.

The entire strike team stood together, ready to face what was to come as the timer slowly ticked down until finally…

Prima Guardian Arrival: 0:01

Jake stared up into the cloudless sky as he saw beyond the atmosphere of the planet. There, something warped. Bent. Space itself seemed to collapse in upon itself for a brief moment as reality shattered. Pure darkness remained… until something emerged from this newly formed hole in space.

Something grayish and metallic floated out and began to accelerate straight down toward Earth. It was shaped almost like an egg, with perfectly smooth sides and not a single opening anywhere. The entire thing was at least a few kilometers long and wide, making it about the size Jake would have expected, if maybe a little on the smaller side, considering the many Primas it had to transport alongside their armies.

Even from this distance, Jake could tell with utter certainty that no attack he or anyone else on Earth was capable of could leave a single mark on what he was certain was the Prima Vessel.

The gap in space behind it closed just as quickly as it had come, as the Prima Vessel began flying faster and faster down toward Earth. Soon, it reached the atmosphere as it began to burn, but it effortlessly broke through every layer in its ceaseless descent.

”Be ready, everyone,” the Sword Saint said, one hand on his sword as they all stood there and looked at it descending, with it about to land only a few kilometers ahead of them. Everything was ready as the desert lit up from the burning metal vessel coming down like a meteor, until finally, the impact.

A massive wave of sand and wind rushed past them as the shockwave washed over them, with barriers of magic sprung already up to absorb some of the impact. All of them stood still, except for one person who was already charging forward before the Prima Vessel had even hit the ground.

Because Jake wasn’t even going to wait for the sand to settle or the Prima Vessel to cool down, as he stormed toward it, the symbol on his hand glowing as a small opening appeared towards its base.

At the same time, many more openings appeared all over the Vessel. Hundreds of them at once began to spew out creatures, with the first one exiting right as Jake entered the Prima Vessel and triggered the final boss fight to claim the Planetary Pylon of Earth.




***
Chapter 932: Accelerated Difficulty


***






One thing became clear immediately: this Prima Vessel was far larger on the inside than it appeared. As hundreds of Primas flew out of the many holes covering its surface, they were far from alone. Entire armies followed them, with some having thousands of their kin.

Some of these creatures even grew in size as they flew out. One of these that instantly caught the attention of many was an utterly massive bird with a wingspan of more than two kilometers, followed by nearly a hundred other birds about half its size. Thunderclaps echoed in their wake with every wingbeat as they headed toward the skies.

From below, many Identified them to get a general idea as to the level of these Primas, and while some took a deep breath and frowned… someone like Jake would have found themselves disappointed.

[Thunderstorm Roc Prima – lvl 294]

[Thunderstorm Roc – lvl 281]

These Primas did not get far before a dark curtain fell upon them. Black beams shot up from below as shadowy figures appeared out of nowhere among them, wielding magical firearms and daggers. The regular Thunderstorm Rocs were torn apart as the Prima reacted quickly, summoning a storm worthy of its name.

However, its struggle had only begun. A thin beam shot up from a sniper rifle below, piercing straight through its mid-section as a man used two daggers to nearly tear off one of its wings. It quickly tried to retaliate, but the forces led by Matteo and Nadia from the Court of Shadows were more than powerful enough to utterly overwhelm it.

Not powerful enough to kill it quickly, though. The Prima was almost overflowing with vital energy, and even as it was gravely wounded, it began to heal at an alarming rate. It was as if its health pool was many times larger than usual, making the fights longer. Still, there was no cause for concern.

Similar scenes played out all around as the Primas met the vanguard of Earth. All the factions had shown up in force, and even if there were hundreds of Primas, they had quite the wall to overcome if they wanted to spread themselves across the planet.

This wasn't even to mention that the most powerful people on the planet didn’t engage these Primas… instead, they were waiting, conserving their energy, as the World Leader entered the Prima Vessel to unseal and awaken the Prima Guardian.

Jake entered the odd egg-shaped structure and instantly felt space around him warp as the key on his land was glowing. The very next second, he stood in a long white hallway, leading only one way. As he stood there, he also felt the aura of the being deeper within.

He couldn’t quite estimate its strength as it seemed to be fluctuating and incredibly unstable. Nevertheless, he didn’t hesitate for a single moment before he stormed forward, even using One Step. Jake had almost expected some traps on the way, but he encountered nothing besides the sterile, long white hallway, with locked double doors to both sides, leading into entirely empty rooms.

Soon, he approached his destination as a final large gate appeared. Jake practically drop-kicked it open to get inside, as finally, the boss they would face was revealed in all its glory.

Within a massive circular chamber, sealed within a thin barrier, a single being sat in the middle. Black chains hung from all the walls surrounding it, with hooks piercing into its body while passing through the barrier as if it wasn’t even there. Jake counted around a thousand… no, nine hundred and ninety-nine hooked chains.

The creature itself looked like nothing more than a massive blop of flesh. Jake didn’t even know what kind of creature it was or if it was even sapient. There was nothing discernable about it at all except for the presence of the other key clearly emanating from the creature.

Using Identify… Jake frowned.

[Revered Prima Guardian – lvl 320]

This… felt wrong. Level 320 was lower than the Twinhead Emperor’s level, and they faced that one with five people. Now, they had all gotten a few more levels, not to speak of the Nevermore titles and improved equipment. Sure, the Twinhead Emperor was powerful enough to defeat the combined fighting force of nearly all newly integrated planets, but this was supposed to be Earth’s super-hard challenge.

It just didn’t make any-

Crack

A single chain cracked as it fell limp to the floor before turning into pure energy that rushed into the mass of flesh. A second crack sounded out a moment later, making a second chain fall. Then a third, a fourth… until an entire cascade of chains broke one by one. Jake quickly used Identify on the boss again as he felt something odd.

[Revered Prima Guardian – lvl 328]

Its aura began to grow rapidly as the chains all around Jake shattered and turned into energy. Jake could only stare at the wriggling mass of flesh as fewer and fewer chains hooked into its body, and the flesh wriggled, grew, and began to take shape as its level just kept increasing. During all this, Jake kept intermittently using Identify.

[Revered Prima Guardian – lvl 336]

The shape it took didn’t make any sense to Jake yet… but that was when he heard a voice, not from the creature itself but seemingly from the Prima Vessel all around him.

”A decision made; perhaps an incompetent leader.”

Jake frowned at the words as the being began to take even more shape. More than half of the chains had broken by now.

[Revered Prima Guardian – lvl 343]

”Power corrupts. Makes arrogant. Overconfident.”

Jake didn’t counter – as countering a big egg-shaped spacefaring vessel didn’t make much sense - as he just prepared himself. The level of the Prima Guardian was still growing, and he already felt pretty sure where it would end. The mass of flesh had soon grown what looked like a few legs as it raised itself up.

[Revered Prima Guardian – lvl 346]

”The folly of humanity. You: Living proof.”

Arms appeared… and not just two of them. Jake counted a dozen arms growing out of the wriggling flesh as its body began to take a shape reminiscent of a cat or a dog or something, except with more legs and arms growing everywhere. Several long tails also extended, and parts of the exposed flesh got covered with flesh, while other places had scales.

”Yet… bravery. A wish to overcome. A Path to true power.”

[Revered Prima Guardian – lvl 348]

By now, Jake realized what kind of creature this was… and he had kind of encountered one before with Eternal Hunger. It was more of a classification of creatures rather than a single race. It was a kind of being that one could never truly understand, as no two were alike… seeing as this was a collection of many different creatures, all in one.

A chimera… and Jake recognized one of the horns growing out of a newly appeared head that reminded Jake of a wyvern or perhaps even a dragon. It was the horn of the Gazelle Prima Jake had encountered while adventuring with Carmen. Jake wasn’t one to forget an aura, and he felt the aura of this chimera be a mix of so many, some of which he recognized.

Rather than just a chimera of random creatures, it was the fusion of all the slain Primas during the first part of this event.

Then, the final chain broke, and Jake used Identify to confirm its level as a small smile appeared on his lips before shaking his head.

[Revered Prima Guardian – lvl 349]

The Prima Guardian slowly began to stand up as Jake prepared himself to kite the Guardian out of the Vessel and face it with the others. It was definitely the strongest C-grade Jake had ever seen, and it could put up a good fight for sure, but it wasn’t anything he feared.

As Jake was preparing himself… everything just seemed to stop for a moment. He felt as if time slowed down, yet the environmental mana seemed normal. That’s when something appeared within his Sphere of Perception. His gaze darted upwards and spotted a floating metal ball with a blue eye-like thing in it. One he recognized from the time he went to the Seat of the Exalted Prima for the system event.

[Prima Watcher of Earth - ?]

That’s when Jake realized that what had slowed down wasn’t Jake. Only the Prima Guardian seemed frozen in time as this Prima Watcher observed Jake silently for several seconds before its mechanical voice echoed.

”Greetings, Administrator Candidate,” the Watcher spoke, the voice different than the earlier calling him overconfident.

”Hi?” Jake said, confused. No system messages had said anything about this happening.

”The planet Earth and you as its leader have been deemed qualified by the Exalted Prima to experience the Accelerated Difficulty Prima Guardian Protocol. Be aware this will increase your potential to become an Administrator and all rewards gained should you succeed. As the World Leader, do you wish to accept the accelerated protocol?”

Now, this was perhaps one of the times when Jake should have tried to use his Golden Mark to communicate with his team or to think carefully about this choice… but in his defense, he was cut off and couldn’t communicate with the outside world right now. As for the part about thinking carefully? Well, that had never been Jake’s strong suit to begin with.

”Not gonna say no to an improved challenge,” Jake responded with a big smile.

The Watcher looked at him for a second more before its eye flashed blue for a second. ”Acknowledged. Applying Accelerated Difficulty Prima Guardian Protocol. Good luck.”

With that, the Watcher disappeared as if it had never been there, and Jake felt something come alive within the room. Magical scripts, placed where all the chains had been attached to the walls, suddenly lit up as beams of energy shot toward the boss. The entire body of the Prima Guardian exploded with light. A kind of light that even blinded Jake’s Sphere of Perception… the kind he only ever saw when a creature was born or evolved.

Then… Jake heard a different voice than any prior.

”Prove thyself, leader of man. Best mine Exalted Guardian.”

Jake felt a sense of utter power within the voice as he instinctively knew he had just heard the Exalted Prima itself – the one he and Villy theorized to be the Bound God of the Seat of the Exalted Prima. However, he didn’t have much time to think about any of that as the light faded, and the Prima Guardian was revealed once more. It looked about the same, but its aura had just risen to a whole new level, as it had indeed just evolved.

[Exalted Prima Guardian – lvl 349]

At the same time, a message from the system also arrived, and not just to Jake but everyone else on the entire planet, too.

Message to all residents of Earth: the Prima Guardian has been freed from its seals and can now roam the planet freely. Defeating Primas will no longer serve to weaken the Prima Guardian.

WARNING: Through the decision of the World Leader, the Accelerated Difficulty Prima Guardian Protocol has been engaged. Revered Prima Guardian evolved to Exalted Prima Guardian. The Prima Guardian has grown substantially in power, but so have the rewards for defeating it. The Exalted Prima wishes the denizens of Earth luck.

Within the Prima Vessel, Jake scanned this message as he felt eyes lock in on him. The Prima Guardian had finally settled on a form as a monstrosity stood before him. It had eight legs, with four like that of a cat, with two more growing outs on each of its sides, seemingly just dangling there. Three heads with the necks of snakes and the heads of dragons showed its front side, while the behind had five tails… reminding Jake a bit of the very first Prima monkey he had killed.

From its back, countless tentacle-like grows spurted out, many of them looking like arms due to the hands at their ends. Some parts of its large body were covered with scales, while others had skin, with the chimera clearly not having settled on any kind of consistent color. The random horns and bones sticking out in random places didn’t help it look pretty, either. The entire creature looked mismatched and broken… but its aura definitely told another story.

It was strong enough for Jake to quickly make his decision as he stepped down and teleported backward down the hallway he had arrived from. He saw that the Prima Guardian didn’t move after him immediately, likely because it couldn’t. There was still a very thin barrier around it that was growing ever-thinner by the second. By the time Jake turned a corner, it fell entirely.

At least, that’s what Jake assumed happened when he heard a loud roar that sent a shockwave through the entire Prima Vessel right before he reached the exit and flew out.

Appearing in the real world, he was instantly reconnected to everyone through his Golden Mark, and he didn’t delay a single moment.

”Brace yourselves, boss incoming!”

The entire strike team was already staring either at Jake or the exit of the Prima Vessel, which proved to be a good thing, as Jake had barely gotten out when a head flew out of the doorway that was practically a portal. It extended far out, like that of a hydra, as it moved to attack.

Jake had to quickly dodge to the side as a breath of pure light shot after him, but before the chimera could even fully unleash its attack, it stopped as a swordsman appeared at its side with his sword raised high. He cut down as a curtain of water fell, and blood sprayed into the air as the head was nearly entirely cut off.

Before the swordsman could follow up, a second head poked out before a third also appeared. Everyone began to move as they charged, and Sylphie even managed to fly down and, using the cut left by the Sword Saint, severed the head of the chimera entirely.

Not that this seemed to bother the Prima Guardian much as its entire body soon emerged. It was around fifteen meters long, not counting the heads and tails, and everyone took a second and stopped to observe the beast they were facing, as Carmen couldn’t hold herself back.

”Damn, it’s ugly.”

”Definitely doesn’t give off any exalted vibes, that’s for sure,” Caleb agreed, as he lifted his staff and dark lightning began to charge up.

Jake was flying away at full speed as all the melee fighters engaged the Prima Guardian. A few burning arrows struck it in the side as Maria unleashed a barrage, with the Fallen King shooting a golden beam straight at one of the heads.

However, the beam never arrived as a barrier of magic appeared, blocking the blow. The flesh on the severed neck also wriggled as a new head promptly emerged, so fast the Sword Saint barely had time to dodge out of the way and make some distance.

The initial exchange had been brief, and far from everyone had time to even do anything yet. However, they were all aware immediately. This could perhaps have been an easy fight, but Jake just had to go and activate some super-difficulty protocol. This turned the fight from a simple show of force and utter dominance…

Into something that could actually be a bit of fun.




***
Chapter 933: Prima Guardian (1)


***






Jake took to the air as he made some distance from the Prima Guardian, his boosting skill activating during his ascent. The creature wasn’t following him, as it had plenty of other dangerous foes to contend with, all of whom had also activated their own boosting skills, though not at the highest level. They had all felt the aura of the chimera and knew that holding back too much wouldn’t end well for them.

Carmen quickly closed in, joined by the Sword Saint and Vesperia who had already entered her warrior form, flanked by her four Queen’s Guards. Sylphie and Caleb would adopt a more hit-and-run style, while Maria and Jake would bombard it from range. Casper was more a control and ritual-type fighter, and was working on curses, while the Fallen King used his mid-range attacks, staying semi-melee to step in when needed.

Eron was naturally the healer of the group, and Arnold… well, he was doing stuff Jake was sure.

This was their fundamental strategy for dealing with the Prima Guardian they had discussed during the flight there. The power of the Prima Guardian was perhaps a bit higher than expected, but that didn’t really impact how they would handle it at all.

As Carmen and the Sword Saint got close, Jake also finally saw the meaning of those legs on its sides as it attacked with its claws. The three heads also worked in unison as the chimera’s flesh rippled and seemed to be in a constant state of change.

Magical barriers sprung up here and there, blocking the attacks of Maria and the Fallen King, but Carmen managed to slip through and land a punch on the newly regenerated head. Another head tried to attack, but four stingers impaled it from different sides as the four Queen’s Guards struck, with Vesperia coming in a second later to land the most devastating blow.

The Sword Saint tried to deal with the final head, but a barrage of bone spurs erupted from the chimera’s body, pushing him back momentarily. Not that the final head had time to do anything, as a staff slammed into its skull with the sound of thunder as black lighting spread out from the impact. At the same time, a whirlwind of wind tore through the entire creature’s body, and hundreds of small cuts were left everywhere.

Yet, even so, the Guardian was undeterred as it struck back.

Dozens of hands growing out its back began to glow with energy as each of them began casting magic. All sorts of magic schools, even ones usually in conflict, were cast once, pushing back all the melee fighters in a giant explosion of pure mana.

Before anyone even had a chance to strike again, the heads were all fully healed, as three breaths were unleashed upon their group, with one of them hitting Caleb mid-retreat, singeing his body. Jake was still flying up but soon stopped as he judged the distance good enough and began his own preparations.

”This being is utterly overflowing with vital energies, far more than such a vessel can usually inhabit,” Eron spoke through the Golden Mark to the entire group while already healing Caleb.

”Its soul is also ridiculously dense and robust, and it appears to be in constant flux,” the Fallen King also added. “None of my soul attacks have any effect as of yet… in fact, I feel like striking its soul is counterproductive.”

The conclusion was pretty simple: they would have to kill this Prima Guardian a lot more times than any usual C-grade. This was truly a boss monster, especially in the sense that such a creature usually wouldn’t exist in the wild. It was also infused with too much energy for it to handle, but the system allowed it, stabilizing the chimera. The Prima Guardian effectively had several full health pools and likely more mana and stamina, too, making it an incredibly durable and resilient creature.

That wasn’t a big problem, though. At least not if they went by what the chimera had shown so far. All it meant was that the fight would take longer.

Jake was already charging his Arcane Powershot with his pre-prepared Protean Arrow as the melee fighters closed in again. The Fallen King joined them, this time fully, as he unleashed his golden claw, tearing up the Guardian’s side and sending blood spewing up before switching to his hammers. The others also attacked, landing blow after blow while defending themselves from any counterattack. Any attacks they did fail to fully dodge, Eron quickly healed, allowing them all to stay constantly engaged.

Soon enough, Jake was also ready as he loosed his arrow. A pillar of pure destructive arcane energy descended from above, and for the first time, the Prima attempted to dodge. However, Casper came in clutch as dark chains suddenly appeared all over its body, locking it down in both body and soul for just long enough.

The arrow struck the chimera right in its mid-section and, without stopping, was on track to penetrate straight through. Jake didn’t let it, though, as he exploded the Protean Arrow inside of the massive chimera’s body. The explosion temporarily lit up its body as beams of light shot out of holes all across its body from the destructive arcane energies burning it from within.

Others also took advantage of this opening, as they attacked all at once. Stingers, wooden stakes, and arrows penetrated, two of the three heads were cut off, and over a dozen arms and hands were torn up, smashed, or severed. Jake also released a follow-up, as he could practically feel the chimera’s vital energy being consumed, the creature constantly healing itself.

Then… something unexpected. One of the heads had just regenerated, and the Sword Saint quickly moved to cut it off, but when he swung down his blade, it failed to cut but just slid across the newly formed metallic scales on its neck. As he was taken by surprise, the old man had the very same head he failed to cut slam into him, sending him reeling back.

Carmen also tried to hit the chimera from below, but as her fist made contact, it simply sank into the Guardian’s body as if it were soft clay, trapping her. Maria’s flaming allows also suddenly failed to do much damage, as a weird gel-like substance was excreted from its skin, seemingly nullifying the fire damage.

Even Jake experienced something he had never thought he would see. One of the hands that regenerated began to glow in a familiar pink-purple glow as a barrier of stable arcane mana appeared, perfectly blocking his destructive arcane energy.

One of the other heads that had also just regenerated also turned toward Casper, who barely had time to react before a breath of black lightning washed over him. Eron reacted quickly and sent out a healing pulse, only to find himself pushed back with a wave of force tinged with gold.

Floating far above, Jake opened his eyes wide as he saw all this happen, and pretty much all of them spoke at once through the Golden Mark.

“It’s adapting.”

From being completely on the defensive, the Prima Guardian now attacked, having chosen Eron as its first target. Sound logic, usually. He was the healer of their group, and it was only basic logic to always get rid of the healer first, something even mindless beasts seemed to understand instinctively. And while this chimera had yet to show great signs of intelligence, it was far from a dumb beast.

In this one instance, targeting the healer wasn’t the wisest move, though.

Before any of them could help, the Prima Guardian sank its teeth into Eron, tearing his body apart and chomping down his entire upper body. A blast of destructive arcane mana destroyed the rest… only for the man to pop back into existence a few meters away as he raised a hand and unleashed a torrent of white flames.

The chimera roared loudly, as the flames sure seemed to work well. However, the offensive might of Eron wasn’t that great, and the Guardian quickly turned and swiped its tail, destroying the man’s body again. Right as he regenerated, a blast of golden force shot down from above, but Sylphie arrived just in time and blasted it apart with a gust of wind.

Caleb also struck quickly, smashing through one of the barriers of stable arcane energy on its back and into its soft body that exploded with blood flying everywhere. An arrow from Jake also arrived, having flown around the barriers to strike one of the tails, easily penetrating before it exploded, blowing off the tail entirely. A second arrow arrived a moment later, striking where Caleb had just shattered a barrier, but this one did far less damage as Jake reached a realization Arnold shared with the group in more detail than Jake would have given.

“Local adaptation. Particular sections or body parts can adapt to damage taken, as it absorb all we throw at it. However, no defense is absolute… strike where the defenses aren’t made to counter you,” Arnold sent, standing a good distance away, just holding a tablet and seemingly not part of the fight.

The Sword Saint was the first to take this advice to heart. Carmen, who still had an arm stuck in the creature, tried to free herself as the Sword Saint teleported down and cut upwards. His blade easily tore through the soft flesh made to nullify the blunt fists of Carmen, and the Runemaiden quickly got the gist of it. Once freed, the old man gave her a boost as he launched her toward the head he had failed to cut, only to see Carmen’s fist shatter the tough scales like they were made of glass.

Shifting their strategy a bit, their group began to attack different areas, never allowing the Guardian to adapt in time. With so many different forms of attack, it couldn’t keep up in the first place, as it honestly felt like they were just beating up a spikey punching bag, where you only sometimes had to be careful not to punch something sharp on accident. Not that the only person actually punching in their group cared much about the horns or spikes.

Still, it was unquestionable that the Prima Guardian had grown stronger, and with every attack it suffered, it continued to grow. Rather than having any kind of traditional boosting skill, it instead absorbed a bit of energy every time it took damage, growing that way.

As for its adaptability… it was far superior to anything Jake could have expected.

Jake continued bombarding with arrows from above, even switching up his poisons to combat the internal adaptability of the chimera. Right as he was about to loose another arrow, he had to rapidly dodge as an arrow flew up toward him, followed by a dozen more.

From the flesh of the Guardian, hands wielding bows of bone and sinew had grown, with the arrows made of horns or antlers. What’s more, he saw Caleb be pushed back when long tentacle-like arms wielding swords chased after him, as suddenly, the boss was wielding a whole slew of different weapons.

This didn’t mean its usual offenses were gone, as the three heads persisted and caused trouble for everyone. Vesperia managed to land quite a few good hits, especially when she shifted to her ranged form and shot what looked like a railgun of stingers, penetrating deep into the boss with every shot.

Sadly, this was where they had their first major casualty.

Out of nowhere, a hole opened up in the side of the boss. The inside of the hole glowed golden as a blast erupted straight toward the True Royal faster than she could react. Luckily, one of her Queen’s Guards was ready and moved in front of her, getting half its body blown apart in the process but leaving Vesperia unscathed.

Still, the investment in this attack meant the Prima Guardian took many blows in return, including Casper, who had been cooking up a big attack of his own. Nine wooden stakes slammed into the chimera’s side, seemingly ignoring the piercing-resistant skin, as they all glowed with scripts of pure death energy. Casper summoned a magic circle beneath himself as the ghost of his girlfriend overlapped with his body as he made some odd seal.

These nine stakes instantly extended, piercing all the way through the chimera, and with another motion of Casper, all sprouted thorns, making them harder to remove, even as they pumped out curse energy. Roaring, the boss tried to attack the Risen, but the Fallen King, Sword Saint, Carmen, Sylphie, Vesperia, and Caleb all got in the way.

The poor boss didn’t react properly to the attack from above either. A large ball of stable arcane energy fell toward it, a few bone arrows striking it mid-air… which definitely was a mistake on the Prima Guardian’s side. The ball exploded as the liquid within was released.

A large splash of sizzling acid struck the chimera, making its skin bubble and burn, followed by bottles of Heartrot Poison dropping into the newly opened wounds. While it could certainly adapt to his poison, it still had to burn through a shitload of vital energy before doing so.

The melee fighters once more took advantage, and soon, another three heads had been crushed, and not even the tails had time to attack, as Maria managed to blow one of them off, while two Queen’s Guards restricted another.

More than thirty tentacles shot out from the Guardian, wielding staves, swords, bows, and wooden stakes as it swung them for the vanguard. The Fallen King raised barriers to one side while Carmen released an explosive fist to the other, allowing everyone else to strike the Prima Guardian freely.

It had begun taking far less damage due to its adaptability, but it was still suffering devastating blow after devastating blow, as its flesh was torn off or exploded repeatedly. By now, it had to have lost its entire mass in flesh and blood a couple of times over, but it showed no signs of weakening in the slightest, continually trying to counterattack. Sometimes, it was even successful, but Eron quickly healed any injuries.

Jake had also switched to Arcane Powershots now, having realized another truth. While the chimera could adapt to attacks to better block them, this could still be overcome by just making the attack powerful enough to break through even what naturally defended against it. His arrows struck one after another, many of them piercing straight through and into the ground below, as Jake was pretty damn sure any normal C-grade would be dead by now.

The fight had entered a standstill that was incredibly advantageous to their strike team. Yet Jake didn’t really ever think the Prima Guardian was weak in any way… in fact, it was incredibly powerful. If Jake had to fight it alone, he wouldn’t even be sure how to do it, as adapting to a single foe was far easier than around a dozen. They had too many forms of attack for the chimera to properly adapt, too many angles of attack for it to defend, and too many people for the boss to ever properly lock down one target for long enough to do meaningful damage without five other people stepping in.

It was almost an inevitable outcome at this point, yet something still bothered Jake. The Prima Guardian wasn’t the smartest, that was certain, but it wasn’t stupid either. There had to be a method to the madness he just hadn’t figured out yet.

Then, the Prima Guardian finally did something. It began glowing with magic as it exploded, sending out a shockwave of many schools of magic at once, pushing everyone back and deflecting any ranged attacks coming toward it.

And then… then the Guardian ran away.

Straight back into the Prima Vessel, their entire strike team was dumbfounded momentarily before Carmen asked.

“Do we follow or what?”

Jake frowned and answered: “Let’s go; it may just be trying to regenerate or something.”

Spoiler… it wasn’t “just” trying to regenerate.




***
Chapter 934: Prima Guardian (2)


***






While the strike team was dealing with the Exalted Prima Guardian, the rest of Earth’s fighting force was busy with all the regular Primas that had exited the Prima Vessel and were now attempting to spread across the planet. Also, even if the main boss had increased in difficulty significantly, the same wasn’t true for the hundreds of Primas, which was definitely lucky, as dealing with them all was already extremely difficult as things were.

The Primas tended to be around level 280 to 300, with some going close to 310. They were also powerful variants for their levels, making it difficult even for the elites of Earth to deal with them one-on-one. There were still a few who could, primarily those who had been shortlisted from the strike team.

On the side of the Holy Church, Bertram was a machine, cleaving down several Primas alone while dealing with their armies. All the ones Jacob had arrived with were also some of the best natives of Earth the Church had recruited, providing excellent help.

The same was true for the Risen, led by Priscilla, who by now almost acted toward Casper the same way Miranda worked with Jake. Her plans of seduction had definitely died entirely, as she obviously couldn’t compete with a ghost girlfriend. When Casper had been recruited to do Nevermore with the top team of the Risen, she had fully realized he wasn’t someone she should try to bring to her side but someone she had to solely function as support for.

Not that she was weak in her own right, as she led the Risen expertly in the war efforts, making their section solidly defended.

Of course, when it came to war, Valhal proved themselves just as competent as one would expect. Sven took the frontlines as he led the group of warriors, and even if they had far fewer fighters than many other factions for the territory they were supposed to defend, not a single Prima managed to slip through. As for the regular monsters that managed to get by them… well, that was why there was a third wall of fighters behind the second vanguard.

The Noboru Clan also did extremely well, the prowess of the vampires on full display. Reika, the great-granddaughter of the Sword Saint who had gone to the Order of the Malefic Viper, also performed exceptionally as she rained down icy destruction upon large areas.

There were also a few sections where formerly enslaved people and some of those who had arrived due to Jake’s Chosen Ceremony defended. These people wouldn’t get any benefits from the system event, as this wasn’t natively their own planet, but they still chose to fight.

Similar sections, mostly focused around individual factions, covered an entire circle around where the Prima Vessel had touched down, making three defensive barriers. The first was the strike team, then the second barrier with mostly elites, and then the third, which had far more people who were on the weaker end, primarily to deal with the stragglers that got through and to provide support where needed. And, of course, to make sure the second defensive line wasn’t attacked from behind.

So far, everything was going pretty smoothly, as the “commander” of this entire war was busy making sure things didn’t fall apart.

Miranda had set up her own small defensive zone, but used most of her time keeping track of everything going on as she stayed in contact with all the local leaders of the defensive sections. Her domains were practically passive at this point, trapping any Prima or monster that dared venture her way in a deadly swamp there was no escape from.

One of the big fears Miranda and others had was the underground, but the sand had proven to be a great boon. Very few Primas naturally lived in sand, and even those specialized in digging soil found themselves severely handicapped. There were still some, but nothing of great concern that a few dedicated earth mages couldn’t handle.

What was a big problem was something they had kind of foreseen but hoped wouldn’t be as big of a problem as it turned out to be: native monsters entering the fight. It was well known the Prima Guardian couldn’t be fought by creatures who had consumed unique system-given items but only really had the choice to sit out or ally with the Primas. With all their efforts to make monsters around the world sit out, they had succeeded in doing so that there were no reported attacks on human settlements yet, and none of her pre-prepared traps or triggers had activated in the area surrounding Haven either.

Still, they ended up struggling with constant attacks on their backline in this fight with the Primas, which should perhaps have been expected, as even if they had another few decades of preparation, they couldn’t have ensured every monster wouldn’t choose badly who to ally with.

“Attacks from behind section three-four, danger level low, may become intermediate,” the voice of a leader from the former United Cities Alliance informed her as Miranda quickly picked up her communication device.

“Noboru squad six, disengage and assist section three-four,” she quickly sent, getting a confirmation back as another one came.

“Overwhelming attack on section two-eleven, peak-tier Prima appeared.”

“Holstred, go.”

“Fast monsters are approaching section eight. Might get through,” someone from Valhal informed her.

“Court of Shadows, your neighbors need ranged support,” Miranda quickly decided as she looked at what was effectively a three-dimensional map in front of her. She barely had time to do any killing herself, as there was always some kind of emergency. Still, some sections did manage extremely well on their own, and she could almost ignore them.

One such section was the one defended by Vesperia. Sure, she wasn’t there herself, but her army of wasps formed a tight wall, led by her Royal Guards in slaughtering and holding back all Primas and monsters that came their way. It did help that they had far more numbers than any other section for the size of their area, which helped their intimidation factor and made some Primas choose to attack another area instead.

A section with the exact opposite situation to the Vespernat Hive’s was one with only a few dozen people. It was a section that Miranda honestly had little hope in, as it was the one where they threw all the more… problematic individuals. People who were clearly powerful but sucked at working with others or had some serious issues that made others not trust them.

The clear stand-out here was the newcomer. Someone she hadn’t even considered for this fight in the first place, as he had only returned to Earth a single day before the event. It was naturally William, the metal and karma mage, who Miranda truly hadn’t known what was capable of.

But now that she saw his performance… she realized the only reason he wasn’t part of the strike team was because Jake didn’t like him.

A storm of metal wires covered an area of several cubic kilometers, cutting and restraining any living being that dared enter it. Primas could deal with the wires somewhat but still struggled to deal with their limited movement as the metal mage moved to strike them down one after another, as he commanded hundreds of spear-like projectiles to fly all around. He was like a maestro within his own domain of metal death. He proved himself so overwhelming the other people in his section barely had to - or dared to - do anything.

Everything was indeed going pretty well, even if they certainly did have casualties. Nothing over the expected, though. Looking at the map of battles, Miranda suddenly frowned as she noticed the entire strike team supposed to handle the Prima all fly toward the Prima Vessel before disappearing.

What the hell are they up to now?

Remember Jake’s initial surprise the Prima Vessel was just entirely empty and didn’t even have any traps? Well, at least the latter one of those had now been amended. The moment Jake entered the Prima Vessel, he saw Carmen retreat with a metal spike poking out of her shoulder, having managed to penetrate her incredibly resilient body.

Having seen this, none of the others had charged forward either before Jake had time to enter. He was the last one to arrive as he had been the furthest way and had to fly there first. Alright, technically, Arnold was the last one to arrive, but that was because he chose to stay outside, still doing… yeah, definitely doing something.

“Where did the Prima Guardian go?” the Sword Saint asked Jake right after he entered, the old man fully aware of Jake’s Sphere of Perception. He would have been very dense if he hadn’t realized after decades in Nevermore together.

“It’s ahead of us, but not in the same room I released it from,” Jake frowned. “The path is shifting.”

“What do you mean?” Casper asked, walking up.

“I’m saying the inside of this entire cube is moving around, shuffling giant cubes of near-indestructible metal around,” Jake clarified. With great timing, too, as the path in front of them suddenly disappeared as a wall blocked their progress before getting replaced with an entirely different hallway.

“A fucking puzzle labyrinth, really?” Carmen cursed, having just had her shoulder healed by Eron. “This is giving me flashbacks to Nevermore.”

“Not really a labyrinth,” Jake shook his head. “Just a delay tactic and a way to bait us into traps.”

“Sounds like a labyrinth to me,” Carmen muttered, dissatisfied.

Through his Pulse – as the Guardian was too far away for his passive sphere to reach – he had spotted the chimera, standing on what looked like a disc of some sort. He could see the movements of energy, too, as it was most definitely doing something. Its shifting flesh and morphing body were further proof.

“Why delay us? To recover?” Caleb asked.

“It’s digesting,” Jake said with a frown. “Absorbing everything we just threw at it… and evolving again. Alright, probably not an actual evolution, but it’s definitely changing. Some form of metamorphosis.”

“Doesn’t that mean we should hurry?” Vesperia questioned.

“We are already taking the fastest path there,” Jake said as he crossed his arms. “Be ready to sprint forward in seven seconds, and watch any traps from the right side.”

No one questioned him as they got ready. Seven seconds later, the hallway in front of them was replaced once more, and they all charged in before Jake spoke again as four layers of barriers blocked a barrage of metal spikes from the right.

“Left in four… actually, just follow behind me and keep up. I will warn about traps only.”

It hadn’t taken Jake long to see the pattern in how all the cubes moved around. It was very predictable, and he reckoned most people would figure it out easily within half an hour. Now, the traps when they entered every cube did get a little annoying,

Jake estimated these traps were just here to slow them down and try to make them waste resources. This entire Prima Guardian battle had been one of endurance so far, and Jake could see other planets struggle immensely trying to overcome the ludicrous durability of the chimera without running out of mana or stamina.

Adding on this damn Prima Vessel, things only got worse. Jake couldn’t tell if the Prima Guardian was actually regenerating its resources or just transforming, but if left alone long enough, it would likely recover. Jake even got the feeling it would have stayed inside the Prima Vessel to recover fully, likely not leaving for many hours to maybe over a full day.

Clearly, they had a choice here. Nothing forced them to chase into the Vessel after the boss and face all these damn trap cubes… but not doing so would be slower. And being slower meant there was a bigger chance others killed the Prima Guardian first. So, was charging into the Vessel really a choice?

“More traps than usual left, magic explosion, to the right, we got metal spikes again. Also, watch the ground here,” Jake repeatedly warned as they went through cube after cube, seemingly moving up and down in a random pattern, getting closer and closer to where the Prima Guardian was. Through his Pulses, he tried to keep an eye on it, and with every snapshot, he saw it change.

However, it had gotten difficult to truly identify its form, as the energy around it was so damn dense it made half the room look like one huge object. One thing he could tell for sure, though: the chimera was growing smaller. A lot smaller.

A good choice by the Prima Guardian.

Having a large body did come with some advantages, especially for a creature like a chimera with ridiculous vital energy. In many instances, having a massive body was even a requirement to house that much vital energy.

However, it also came with the obvious drawbacks of having a large body. There was more surface area to defend, which especially became a problem against multiple opponents who could take advantage. In this fight in particular, the large size of the Prima Guardian had only been a boon to Earth’s fighters, as it allowed them all to attack simultaneously without getting in the way of one another.

Then there was, of course, the lower speed that often came as the result of a larger body. This wasn’t a universal rule, but it was pretty universal that a larger creature making itself smaller would help increase its speed as long as it maintained the same general level of power.

As Jake kept warning everyone about potential traps, he split some of his attention to the Golden Mark and informed the others of what he had seen:

“The Prima Guardian appears to be condensing its body while undergoing some form of change. Be extra careful when we encounter it; I would expect more power and significantly increased speed,” Jake warned them all.

“So, a second phase, with this Prima Vessel cube-puzzle being some kind of intermission between phase one and two?” Casper clarified.

“Pretty much.”

It did end up taking them a bit to reach the Prima Guardian, simply due to how the Vessel worked. With how it shuffled, they even had to wait a bit within some of the cubes before moving on. It was even possible to stay within the same cube, and eventually, it would appear right in front of the Prima Guardian. That would be a lot slower than following Jake, but it was an option.

Soon, they were only three more cubes away. Their party wasn’t much worse for wear, despite the hundreds of traps they had to deal with, as Jake’s warnings and the party’s defensive capabilities had made most of what the Prima Vessel could throw at them relatively trivial. Without the element of surprise, most of the traps just sucked.

Passing through the second-to-last cube, the tension of the group rose. When they entered the last one, they were all ready as can be. A few seconds later, the hallway leading to the boss revealed itself as they all went through.

“No traps here,” Jake said as they walked forward. Behind them, all the shuffling suddenly just stopped. The hallways they were in extended backward all the way to the exit, giving them a clear and easy path out of the Prima Vessel once more. It was a long-ass hallway, but at least they didn’t have to go through the entire puzzle on their way out again.

A gate and a few dozen meters of hallway were now all that stood between them and the Prima Guardian. The energy within the room ahead had also died down, and the gate slowly began to open in expectation of their arrival.

“It’s still fucking ugly,” Carmen muttered as the Prima Guardian was revealed, making Jake nod and frown at the same time.

A humanoid being, only about two and a half meters tall, stood on the platform. It had four human-like arms, wielding different weapons of bone, and on its back, four wings sprung, two with feathers and two reminiscent of Vesperia’s.

Its head – if one could truly call it that  - did not have a nose or most usual features. Instead, it was just a sphere with dozens of eyes on the top part, going all around, as a large fanged mouth rested beneath. Its body was covered in an odd mixture of scales, skin, feathers, bark-like skin, and even had some metal here and there. The frame of the creature was relatively thin, with its legs an odd merge between gazelle, goat, deer, and human. The feet were entirely human, though, looking very freaky. It also looked like the chimera was sleeping, with its eyes closed, and while it looked humanoid, it definitely also looked distinctively monstrous.

Something else was also monstrous as Jake’s frown deepened, and he took a defensive stance and pulled out his katars in preparation. “Be very careful… it feels a lot more dangerous.”

They all listened, and as if on cue, a familiar voice echoed throughout the Prima Vessel.

“First Phase: Analysis Stage has been completed. Adaption complete. Initiating Phase Two: Extermination.”

With those words, all the chimera’s eyes opened at once, and without further warning, the creature took a step forward and disappeared as Jake felt a familiar ripple in space.




***
Chapter 935: Prima Guardian (3)


***






Jake was the first to react as a katar shot out right as the Prima Guardian appeared amidst their group. It quickly blocked with one of its bone swords, but Jake’s quick movement had awakened everyone to react appropriately, making distance from the chimera.

Following up, Jake released two more blows before retreating, the Sword Saint and Carmen now actively engaging the boss. Its four arms moved unnaturally to defend against them as the formerly large and bulky creature turned agile and flexible, even dodging an attempt from Sylphie.

The creature smiled, showing a maw full of teeth as what looked like hand palms grew on its skin, shooting beams of magic toward the charging Caleb and Fallen King. Both were taken by surprise and had to block, sending them flying back from the impact. Stepping down once more, the chimera teleported after Caleb, but Vesperia had predicted this movement and charged in to defend Jake’s brother.

Somehow, the Prima Guardian still dodged the stab of her stinger-like lance and responded with a kick that looked far too short to reach. However, as it raised its leg, the entire thing grew several meters in length and hit Vesperia like a whip, sending her crashing into the wall of the hallway before her Queen’s Guard could even react.

Cursing, Jake pulled out his bow and shot a barrage of arrows, joined by Maria doing the same. The eyes on the back of the chimera proved extremely annoying as the damn thing saw everything coming, and two of the eyes even began to glow as a blast of telekinetic force tinged in gold shot through the hallway, repelling some of the arrows.

“The movement skill it’s using-” Jake began.

“It’s yours,” the Sword Saint interrupted Jake as he sent a thin stream of water toward the Prima Guardian, making it dodge out of the way and also giving Caleb and Vesperia some time to stabilize.

The old man was entirely correct. The damn Prima Guardian was clearly using his One Step to teleport around, making Jake even more perplexed. Before, he thought it only copied forms of mana… but this was straight-up copying a skill.

That had… a lot of implications.

None of them were good.

They also realized that fighting in this hallway was problematic, as while it did limit the movements of the Prima Guardian, it also boxed in the strike team and made it hard for them to assist one another. This only got worse when the Guardian decided to blast Eron out of the Prima Vessel entirely, as it condensed a golden barrier and pushed it all the way down the hallway with their healer stuck to it.

“Get out of here!” Casper yelled telepathically as he knelt down and made the white tiled floor erupt with wooden spikes all around the Prima Guardian, making it dodge back while cutting down the stakes to avoid getting impaled to the ceiling.

Everyone began to move away, and Jake quickly caught Casper by the nape of his neck to toss him away just as a beam of black lightning shot his way from one of the four arms. The Risen threw Jake an offended but thankful look as he ran down the hallway, Jake staying back to make sure they all made it out. Not alone, though, as Sylphie chose to also stay for a moment to keep the Guardian at bay.

Magic began to revolve around the Prima Guardian as it raised another arm that rapidly began to morph into the head of a wyvern. Jake didn’t let that happen as he teleported forward, punching upwards into the dragon arm and redirecting the beam of energy toward the ceiling.

Sylphie also struck as a massive windstorm hit Jake from behind, not affecting him at all but lifting the Guardian off its feet as it began tumbling backward. It quickly reacted as two of its arms extended and turned into grappling claws that caught onto the walls.

Jake swiftly shot an arrow into one of the arms, making the chimera lose grip and fly down the hallway for a little as he exchanged a glance with Sylphie. Together, they turned heel and talon before sprinting down the lengths of the hallway,

Mana gathered behind them as they ran, forcing them to dodge bolts of all sorts of affinities exploding in their wake. A few moments later, the Prima got return fire, as at the exit of the Prima Vessel, Maria, the Fallen King, and Caleb had stopped and released attacks toward the Guardian, buying Jake and Sylphie a bit more time.

When Jake and Sylphie got close enough to the exit, Maria and the Fallen King exited, with Caleb doing out a moment later alongside Jake and Sylphie. When they got out, they kept flying, and Jake felt the movements of energy both beneath and above them right at the exit.

A second later, the Prima Guardian also flew out. The moment it did, the magical circle above the exit triggered, exploding with cursed energy and sending the Prima Guardian tumbling downwards, followed by Vesperia, Carmen, and the Sword Saint, who released a barrage of attacks.

Massive amounts of sand exploded upwards when the Prima hit the desert with a loud thump. However, while in mid-air, all the sand began to move as it shot up toward Jake and the others, the tips turning into spears of glass. Below, the Prima Guardian erupted upwards, challenging the three melee fighters directly as it wielded a sword, a staff, a wooden stake, and a lance.

Each weapon moved almost independently as they still worked together to push back the Sword Saint and Carmen, but Vesperia managed to land a blow with her longer reach, sending the Guardian spinning. Sylphie also expertly dodged around all the sand spears and collided directly with the chimera, cutting up one of its arms.

Turning in the air, it pointed its staff toward Sylphie as the air mana around Sylphie was infused with energy. A loud screech instantly pushed away the chimera’s influence as a barrage of wind bullets was returned. Perhaps the Prima Guardian could mimic many things, but it had a limit… trying to imitate an Authority was certainly one such limit.

During this exchange with Sylphie, the Guardian didn’t stop fighting everyone else as it kept manipulating the sand and swinging its other weapons, not to mention the eyes that shot out beams or the magic circles that appeared in the air, shooting out bolts everywhere.

Jake dodged everything and released a few arrows, two of which got blocked before the third one hit the Guardian in the chest, barely penetrating its thick skin. A follow-up arrow hit right around the same area but was completely repelled, as the skin there had adapted to resist piercing attacks.

Using the skill in a way he rarely did, Jake summoned a Penetrating Arrow instead of infusing it into another skill, shooting it the Prima Guardian’s way. As expected, it wanted to repel the blow by blocking it with its strengthened skin, taking it by surprise when the arrow penetrated deeply into its chest.

Unauthorized content usage: if you discover this narrative on Amazon, report the violation.

That also allowed Jake to confirm something else. This arrow had been coated in his blood, as he wanted to see if the chimera had adapted and mimicked Palate… to which the answer was no. It did still build up resistance to any particular type of poison he used, but Jake could get around that by simply using his blood and changing its variety slightly with each blow.

Nocking another arrow, Jake wanted to do more damage but found himself pushed back by a large gust of wind mixed with a blast of force, just pushing him away without truly doing any damage. A similar blast had hit Maria, Eron, Caleb, and Casper, forcing them back to give the Guardian some space as it disengaged from the specialized melee fighters.

The Fallen King proved to be its next target as the chimera teleported up and appeared right behind the Unique Lifeform. The King responded fast and summoned a barrier along with a golden claw, but the chimera was faster. A staff hit the King in the side, a stake stabbed through his stomach, and a lance penetrated his leg, as finally, the sword tried to cut off his neck. In the final moment, the Fallen King angled his head, making the sword hit his mask, deflecting it at the same time as he released a golden explosion from the claw impacting the Guardian, allowing the King to gain some distance.

Before the Prima Guardian could continue its assault, the Sword Saint and Sylphie arrived, and with the Unique Lifeform, they held on long enough for more assistance to step in. Eron quickly came over and began mending the Fallen King’s body, though especially the cursed wooden stake proved difficult to deal with, as the damage simply wouldn’t heal properly. Not that the poisoned stinger-like lance that had penetrated straight through his legs did him any good.

This brief exchange with the Fallen King also truly confirmed to them all that this Prima Guardian in its second phase was far more dangerous. A point that got further hammered home when Carmen had to block a heavy blow from a staff wrapped in black lighting, making her forearm crack as a bit of the insidious energy entered her body.

Ranged attacks flew for the Guardian again, as Jake managed to land an arrow on one of the chimera’s eyes, and Maria attempted to find a good opening as most of her arrows were deflected, though at least distracting the boss a bit. The smaller form of the chimera proved challenging, as it was hard to land ranged blows without risking hitting any of the melee fighters, especially when the boss moved around so much. It was incredibly fast, and they had to try and stick semi-close together to not risk getting singled out like the King had.

The only ones comfortable with being singled out were Jake and Eron. One of them because he felt comfortable not getting hit, and the other because he felt comfortable even if he got hit. Based on what the healer said, many of his weaknesses before were now addressed, and he seemed empty of fear of whatever the Prima could throw at him.

Working together, the melee fighters managed to buy good time for Eron to heal the King, and the chimera clearly noticed this standstill was not to its advantage as it switched target, going for Casper instead. It tried to do a repeat of the clash with the Fallen King, but Casper’s body turned ethereal right as it was hit, the sword phasing right throw.

With a second swing, this time wrapped in lightning-infused water, Casper did seem to take some minor damage, but Maria had time to help as she released a massive arrow that looked like a bird of flames, forcing the Guardian to defend. Jake also took this chance and landed another two arrows, each exploding with destructive arcane energy.

My turn now, Jake thought, as his danger sense warned him right as the Guardian stepped down again. It appeared right behind Jake, who already had both his katars in hand as he ducked under the staff and spun his body around while avoiding the sword. Leaning into the boss, he made it awkward to use the lance, as he only had to sway to dodge the stake as he stabbed the boss with Eternal Hunger.

It didn’t even flinch from the blow as its flesh morphed, and two small hands grew out, grasping Jake’s forearm right as he penetrated the Guardian’s chest. Jake quickly twisted his wrist, getting free and letting go of the cursed weapon as he blocked the wooden stake with his Voidblade. Opening his eyes wide, Jake quickly raised a foot to stop the Guardian from kicking as its entire leg morphed into one massive curved blade.

Jake was hit on the sole of his foot by the sharp blade as he was launched upwards. Not a single drop of blood was spilled, but Jake felt as if something had broken within his boots. As for the boots themselves? Completely unscathed. There naturally wasn’t even a small mark on them, as how could something like the Prima Guardian possibly damage his boots?

Vesperia arrived just then, stabbing forward with her lance, making the Guardian parry, only to get struck from above by a descending bird, leaving a cut down its back. Caleb also snuck out of a shadow left by the huge wave of sand still whirling around, striking the Prima on the leg, throwing it off-balance just in time for a golden beam from the Fallen King to nail it, blasting it down back into the dunes.

“Restrict its movements if possible.”

The voice came over the Golden Mark, and Jake reacted along with everyone else. A cursed ritual circle appeared, followed by a suppressing golden presence. Sylphie also quickly released a tunnel of wind to push the boss down, as Jake chose to release a wave of powerful destructive arcane mana. Not against the boss itself but against the environment itself, disrupting nearby space and making teleportation harder.

“Impact in three.”

Even this was not enough to stop it, as the Guardian was about to launch itself upwards. That’s when three large wasps appeared from below the sand, all grabbing onto the boss. The Prima Guardian responded by cutting the legs off one and nearly smashing the head of another, but the Queen’s Guards refused to let go even if not doing so meant their deaths.

“Two. Make distance.”

They did as told, all continuing to keep the Prima Guardian down, as another Queen’s Guard died, with the second of the three not long for this world. None of them were giving up, as it appeared Arnold was finally about to make his move, and it had to be a good one with all that build-up, right?

“One.”

A second Queen’s Guard died, with the third one barely hanging on. Jake kept disrupting space, and he saw the Fallen King and Casper struggle as the Guardian fought back. They were all doing their best, but they didn’t have long. That’s when Jake saw something out of the corner of his eye breaking through the clouds far above. It looked like a-

In the very next moment, his vision was filled with sand that turned to glass in mid-air from sheer heat as something struck the ground with more force than a dozen fully powered Arcane Powershots combined.

Rods from God.

At least, that was what this weapon was called in the common tongue or among enthusiasts. Arnold preferred simply referring to it as kinetic orbital bombardment. It was a theoretical weapon that had interested Arnold ever since he was a child, and seeing it in action left him pleasantly surprised.

It was perhaps the most simplistic weapon imaginable, at least on paper. It was nothing more than a long metal rod coated in material allowing it space flight and reducing friction. The metal, in this case, was synthesized with inspiration from the staff Jake carried around for a while with the ability to change its weight based on the mana infused.

From there, all he had to do was attach thrusters and have it speed up while orbiting around Earth a few dozen times before finally using its rudimentary and mostly manual targeting system to strike. A strike that proved most successful, as a shield activated around Arnold, blocking the sand, whipping past him faster than speeding bullets.

This was the primary weapon Arnold had prepared for this Prima Guardian, with the hope that it could slay the event boss in one go. It hadn’t been fast enough to arrive for the first phase, but here for the second one. Based on the feedback from one of his skills, the damage done had been utterly tremendous, however…

Its durability is far above expectations… to think this would barely stop it for a moment.

As he had that thought, a broken mess of a creature appeared behind Arnold. More than half of its body was gone, with the rest bent and broken in unnatural ways, as it had indeed taken tremendous damage. Without its cheat-like vitality, it would have been dead… but it wasn’t.

It wasn’t even enough to truly weaken the creature as the Prima Guardian was still more than deadly as its blade descended upon him before the scientist had a chance to react. His defensive barrier was cleaved straight through as Arnold felt the bone sword penetrate through his skull as his entire body was cut cleanly in two.

Arnold’s final thoughts as his consciousness faded were filled with nothing but regret…

Regret that he hadn’t made a more durable android for this battle.

Alas… it was difficult to add proper defensive capabilities when he also had to make space for all the explosives.




***
Chapter 936: Prima Guardian (4)


***






Jake was a moment too late as he saw Arnold get attacked. The man had stayed a reasonable distance away and even applied some stealth field around himself during the fight so far. However, when the Prima Guardian - whom Jake could barely believe was still able to move around so fast - teleported behind him, the man had no time to react as the blade fell.

For a brief moment, Jake was filled with panic as he saw the scientist get cleaved in two… until the sky exploded, getting bathed in a blue blast of fire and electricity. Jake momentarily saw a spark before the explosion, as the inside of Arnold’s body did not have any flesh and blood to be seen. Instead, it had apparently been all explosives.

“What the hell just happened!?” Carmen yelled through her Golden Mark.

“I just felt the Mark upon the mechanic disappear,” the Fallen King responded before Jake quickly clarified the situation.

“It was a robot of some kind; I would assume the real Arnold is fine,” Jake clarified as he shot out a barrage of arrows almost instinctively while he was in a bit of turmoil internally, trying to figure out how the hell the scientist had pulled this off.

Jake… hadn’t noticed it wasn’t the real Arnold. He questioned how the hell he hadn’t, but he tried to excuse it by never looking that closely at Arnold. Due to how souls worked, the Soulshape was almost just one big entity, and Arnold had looked entirely like a real person to most of his senses. The man had felt “metallic,” if that makes sense, but wasn’t that also pretty damn normal? That this feel came from his armor or something? Wouldn’t it be a normal assumption that the man wasn’t actually a robot apparently made up primarily of explosive material?

He also saw what exactly Arnold had hit the boss with. It was a large metal pole, about ten meters in length, now entirely bent and twisted as it lay in a massive crater in the sand, already getting covered as it turned all the sand that was near it liquid simply due to how hot it had been upon impact.

“Do not let your minds wander. The Guardian is far from defeated,” the Sword Saint sent through the Golden Mark, making Jake also abandon his silly thoughts as he focused on controlling the arrows he had fired.

The chimera was pushed back as its body was filled with electrical burns and blue fire from Arnold blowing up his “body,” and it didn’t react in time as the barrage of arrows struck it in the back. Some of them were repelled, but some penetrated where the creature had adapted to deal with Caleb and Carmen’s attacks.

Speaking of Caleb, he and Sylphie struck just then, breaking through some of the still-falling glassified sand, landing a hit each as the Guardian only had one functional arm. It also only had one leg, but its flesh was quivering and moving, making Jake and the others certain its heavily damaged state wasn’t long for this world.

So they had to take full advantage while they could.

Everyone attacked at once, as the Prima Guardian defended itself primarily with magic. It created barriers of stable arcane energy, golden force, wind, water, and fire, trying to limit any damage it took. While it did help, it was far from enough. Carmen punched it square in the face with a heavily empowered blow, the Sword Saint cut its stomach, Vesperia pierced it through what was left of its chest, and Sylphie managed to shred the remaining arm, nearly cutting it entirely off. The damage it took from the assault of them all made the creature rapidly grow out a new foot, only to step down and teleport.

Right as it appeared again, a thunderclap sounded out as a dark pillar of black lightning descended, sending the boss reeling back down into the sand. Jake, Maria, and Casper followed up with an Arcane Powershot, a massive fire arrow, and a wooden stake that looked more like a large pillar. These attacks all fell upon the chimera, making the ground explode a mere moment after the boss landed.

“Don’t give it time to rest,” Jake quickly said as he continued shooting arrows. Others also threw all they had at the boss while it was crowded, Eron confirming to the group they were doing damage as the chimera just seemed to take the beating for a little while… preparing.

As Jake nocked another arrow, he noticed it had become overcast. He threw a quick glance the way of the Sword Saint, wondering if he had used a skill to make it rain, but the old man looked just as perplexed as Jake. That’s when a raindrop fell on Jake’s arm, and he instantly felt it sizzle and burn his clothes.

Oh… fuck.

Jake wasn’t even the one to warn them all first as the Fallen King spoke.

“Acid rain.”

However, he did add something: “Don’t hold anything back anymore… it’s third phase time.”

Arcane Awakening activated, Jake pushing it all the way as he felt a real sense of danger. Not just from the clouds above, but the Prima below. Everyone had stopped attacking for a moment to deal with the rain that had begun to pour down, as they all fully activated their boosting skills, the sky lighting up from everyone, unleashing their energy. This brief moment of dealing with the rain wasn’t even a full second… but it had been enough for the Prima Guardian as its body exploded with power.

A small shockwave sent sand flying as the chimera shot into the air, burning with power as it revealed its healed form. The four arms had become only two, one of them with a staff and the other not wielding anything. Its legs now just looked like two long, curved, single-edged blades, and on its back, the wings it hadn’t used before had been replaced with four long necks extending out, each with wyvern-like heads. The only thing that remained kind of identical to before was the eye-filled head.

Its entire body also looked far more uniform, no longer a mix of scales, skin, and bark. Now, it only had a single slightly golden tinge to it that Jake recognized immediately… the runic tattoos also quite the giveaway. It had mimicked something Jake wasn’t even sure could even be mimicked: the natural defenses of a Runemaiden.

Except without any of the drawbacks, as mana whirled around the Prima Guardian. It was truly a ridiculous creature that couldn’t exist under any normal circumstances. Jake was ready to defend as he felt a gaze land on him. One of the wyvern heads opened its maw and released a ball of fire his way, the other three heads also attacking others.

Jake dodged, nocking an arrow, as the boss suddenly disappeared. There were no ripples in space this time, and Jake’s eyes opened wide when he realized what happened, as he felt a slightly familiar form of energy. Caleb had recognized it a moment before Jake and quickly yelled.

“It’s using the sha-“

However, before Caleb could fully warn them, it was too late.

Casper had been preparing another minor ritual as the Prima Guardian appeared behind him. The overcast skies had made the entire area overcast and unnaturally dark… leading to plenty of shadows for the chimera to travel through.

The Risen tried to react, even turning ethereal, but he wasn’t fully in time. A staff slammed into his stomach, an audible crack sounding out as his body turned ghostly. He tried to get away, but the chimera punched with its other hand as it turned golden, unleashing what was effectively a Golden Claw. Jake quickly stepped in before it could land a third attack, making visual contact with the Guardian as it momentarily froze.

Primal Gaze activated as Jake felt his own soul clash with the monstrosity before him. What he felt was utterly unnatural, a mismatch of pieces that were forcibly held together by a fuckload of system-made duct tape. That’s also when Jake knew that the system never planned on having these Prima Guardians rule any planets… because Jake wouldn’t even give this chimera a decade before its Truesoul would fall apart. In other words, it wasn’t built to last at all and only persisted by the grace of the system’s direct interference. For now, it was stable, though, and Jake felt quite the backlash as Primal Gaze nevertheless worked.

Casper exploded with cursed mana, taking the chance as four massive ghostly wooden stakes appeared behind him. With a yell, he shot them all forward, and all four pierced through the body of the Guardian before fading away.

That’s also when the Prima could move again, and it tried to strike Casper once more, but the Sword Saint released a piercing stab, making the chimera address him instead. Carmen and Vesperia joined the old man as they faced the Guardian with a united front.

Eron was already flying over and healing Casper, who looked to be in quite a bad state, as the three melee fighters tried to restrain the chimera… and things weren’t going super well.

With a kick, the chimera landed a large cut on Vesperia, shattering part of her natural armor, as the Sword Saint was forced to block the staff, smashing him down into the ground. Carmen’s fist clashed directly with the Prima’s, as she was the one who got pushed back, only to find herself on the receiving end of a wyvern’s breath.

Vesperia tried to take advantage, but the chimera dodged her blow expertly, only to counter her instead, sending her reeling back. That’s when Sylphie struck, proving once more she was the fastest in their group as she cut off one of the wyvern’s necks with a flyby.

Maria also tried to land an arrow, but it was swatted away by the staff. The fire archer was having a harder time than everyone else with the constant acid rain, as not only was the rain aspect bad for her, but the acid also proved very effective against her defensive skill.

Perhaps the Guardian noticed this, as it pointed the staff it had just used to destroy her attack, as the clouds above rumbled. A black lighting strike descended, taking Maria by surprise as she was struck directly. Before she could properly comprehend what had happened, the Guardian appeared right before her, proving it still had One Step available.

Jake had already shot an arrow that he redirected, but the Prima Guardian chose to ignore it and instead attacked. Maria exploded with flames that the chimera just pushed through as it punched her in the chest, its fist piercing straight through, sending blood and bone flying before unnaturally bending, grasping her hair in its hand as it pulled backward. The giant maw on its head then opened as it bit down, with Maria barely forcing her head out of the way in time by burning away her own hair as half her neck and her entire shoulder were torn off, parts of her arm falling toward the ground.

“Glimpse of Spring: Stormcut.”

The Sword Saint appeared below the two of them as he cut upwards, the clouds momentarily parting and the blade sinking into flesh as the arm holding Maria was cut cleanly off. Jake’s arrow also arrived, striking the Prima in the head and piercing one of its eyes before exploding, making the Prima stumble a slight bit.

This left Maria with a tiny opening as she kicked off the chimera and turned into a ball of fire that shot away right before one of the wyvern heads could grasp her. It instead chose to just shoot a beam of energy her way that Sylphie flew in front of to redirect with a large blast of wind.

“I… need to retreat… Its teeth are fucking poisoned and cursed… good luck,” Maria spoke, shooting into the distance. Perhaps Eron could have healed her and allowed her to keep fighting, but she knew that the current situation wasn’t favorable for her, and with her weakened after using her escape skill, she knew her contributions to the fight had ended.

The first of their fighters was officially eliminated – if one didn’t count the four Queen’s Guards that had all died too. Maybe Arnold was also out of the fight? At least he had lost his robot… but that didn’t mean Jake was going to write him off.

Refocusing on the Prima Guardian, it switched its attention to Eron again to stop him from healing Casper as the healer faced the chimera. Waves of white flames washed over the boss as it flashed its blade legs a few times, cutting Eron up. It first tried to cut off his limbs, but Eron responded by blowing up his own body whenever his movement got too impaired, making the chimera switch its strategy slightly. Instead of directly fighting him, it created a tunnel of wind before blasting him away within a bubble of stable arcane energy and golden force, sending him flying all the way to one of the sections where people were fighting the regular Primas.

“Do not fret,” Eron spoke while flying away. “Its power surges as its spark wanes. It’s burning through its very own life with every passing moment. Keep going.”

Jake didn’t need to be told that twice as he released an Arcane Powershot, blasting the Guardian in the shoulder and sending it spinning, Carmen flying over, her fist burning with power. It appeared as if the Guardian welcomed another clash as it punched toward her while spinning, but the Runemaiden wasn’t just throwing a casual punch this time around.

A skill Jake recognized as Fist of Ragnarok roared out as an explosion lit up the sky, the impact sending blood and bone flying everywhere as the Guardian tumbled through the sky, its entire arm broken and twisted. Carmen was also blasted back, her arm bent at an unnatural angle.

She threw Caleb, who was beside her where she stopped, a glance, and he quickly understood as he slammed his staff into her side, pushing the bone back in place as the Runemaiden flinched.

Back at the Guardian, it quickly stopped itself in mid-air, as it cut off its own limb before a new arm regenerated in less than a second, ready to receive the attack of Sylphie and Vesperia while even counterattacking, landing a nasty cut on Vesperia and a wyvern’s breath on Sylphie.

Several more breaths also flew out, aimed at Jake, who dodged, and Casper, who was already struggling due to his previous injuries. The Fallen King stepped in to defend the Risen, but it was clear Casper was overdrawing on his own power to stay in this fight. Still, he looked like he wanted to get in at least one more big contribution.

The fight was at a stage where every moment was perilous. If the Prima Guardian had its way with someone for even a full second, they could take lethal damage easily, while their party just had to slowly land blow after blow, trying to whittle down the chimera’s resources. All while dealing with it still adapting to everything they were doing, though to a lesser degree. Oh yeah, and then there was the constant acid rain. While Jake could block it with the passive barrier from Arcane Awakening, and someone like Carmen was entirely unaffected, everyone else had to, at the very least, expend energy to not be negatively affected.

Nevertheless, they held on as they repeatedly clashed with the Prima Guardian over and over, dealing solid damage themselves but also taking quite a beating in return. Casper did manage to get his final attack off as he activated the marks left by the four large stakes earlier, leaving a curse of weakness upon the Prima. It wouldn’t last long, but it gave them some reprieve as it slowed down the boss while it was slowly adapting to deal with the curse.

After that, Casper became the second one to exit the fight as he had to retreat. Eron also tried to return to them, but it appeared as if the Prima Guardian did have some level of control over the regular Primas, as a few of them disengaged from their existing fights with the rest of Earth’s forces purely to lock down Eron. It was annoying, as without their healer, things became a lot more risky.

Luckily, their core group of melee fighters remained, as Carmen, the Sword Saint, and Vesperia did wonders, keeping the Prima Guardian at bay most of the time. The Fallen King also stayed close to melee, assisting the group with barriers and occasional blasts, while Sylphie and Caleb functioned as a hit-and-run team, both showing off their speed.

As for Jake… well, he was the only one doing any solid damage, as the Prima Guardian was too busy dealing with the other six to handle his curving arrows and powerful Arcane Powershots. The chimera did try to go for Jake a few times, as he was isolated alone, but he proved himself a bad target every single time when he responded by pulling out his katars and engaging it until help arrived, without taking any meaningful injuries in the process. On the contrary, the boss took plenty of damage from this decision, as Prima attacking Jake freed up everyone else to attack.

A tightrope was walked as the fight was barely balanced, with any little thing able to tip it over. Jake felt the words of Eron ring true as the Prima Guardian was burning through its life and resources at an alarming rate, especially as it had to regenerate all the time from the constant damage it took. At the same time, any minor mistake from any of them could result in the balance instantly tipping if another fighter was put out of commission…

Ultimately, it turned out the tipping point didn’t come from a mistake any of them made but from a severe miscalculation.

As the Sword Saint managed to land a blow, and Carmen blocked one of the leg-blades, Vesperia was slated to avoid the swing of the staff. She was clearly ready for it and was already retreating slightly away from the swing as suddenly, all of the Prima Guardian’s eyes opened wide…

Without any warning, they all morphed into yellow bestial eyes that seemed to stare into your very soul, their gaze freezing not just Vesperia but the Fallen King, Carmen, Sword Saint, and even Caleb, who had just been about to land another sneaky blow from behind.

What happened next was just one brief moment… but that was all it took for the tight balance of the fight to shift entirely.




***
Chapter 937: Prima Guardian (5)


***






A lot of things happened at once. More than a dozen of the Prima Guardian’s eyes exploded as it used Gaze on so many powerful people at once, but that didn’t stop it from moving its body. It attacked the five people who weren’t able to defend themselves with reckless abandon, Jake, a moment too late to interfere.

Vesperia was struck with its staff on the side of her head, sending blood, bone, and brain matter flying as nearly her entire skull was crushed, and the Sword Saint couldn’t dodge as a leg blade swept up, cutting off one of his arms and legs. The Fallen King had the other leg-blade sweep in from the side, trying to cut him in two but only getting around halfway as the Unique Lifeform was nevertheless still left with a nasty injury and a blade stuck in his body.

For Carmen, the chimera chose to only punch her in the chest to send her away, perhaps knowing it couldn’t deal meaningful damage with a single blow.

Caleb was a bit further away but was still struck with three breath attacks at the same time. However, luckily, what the Prima Guardian had done wasn’t a Primal Gaze, but only a normal Gaze of the Apex Predator, allowing Caleb to partially fade into the shadows, avoiding taking too much damage.

The others had also moved a slight bit right at the end, using their mana, avoiding potential death. But, the Prima Guardian wasn’t done. Its maw opened as it mowed to bite down on the Fallen King right as Jake struck.

He attacked with his own Primal Gaze as he made eye contact with some of the remaining glowing eyes. This stopped the Prima Guardian long enough for everyone to retreat slightly, as blood began to roll down Jake’s cheeks from using the skill.

This creature’s soul was just ridiculous. It hadn’t taken any meaningful soul damage even after using Gaze on five extremely powerful people, and if Jake had tried the same thing, he was pretty sure things wouldn’t have gone well for him. Still, the Prima had been smart by not using Gaze on Jake. If it had, things wouldn’t have gone this well for it. Even so, he knew that the Prima wouldn’t be able to use Gaze again. He would make sure of that.

Despite hitting his Primal Gaze, no one could take advantage as Sylphie chose to help evacuate those injured, blasting them all away with a great gust of wind. The Fallen King also took this chance and released a golden explosion, getting himself free as he staggered back. Gritting his teeth, Jake cursed internally at how shitty things were going… as a black line impacted the Guardian, cutting across Jake’s vision.

A hole about the size of a fist was left in the chest of the Prima Guardian, as Jake saw its very soul have a part of it sheared right off. He also recognized where it had come from, as Jake couldn’t help but flash a brief smile. There was only one person he knew with the power to shoot a goddamn void beam from who-the-fuck-knows-where.

Still, the situation wasn’t great, as Jake felt forced to teleport forward as he appeared right in front of the Prima Guardian. Pulling out both his katars – Eternal Hunger easily reclaimed as it was part of his soul even if he had left it within the Prima before – as he entered melee with the boss.

The attack from Arnold had done great damage, but the chimera wasn’t a creature that made any sense, and Jake doubted it would stop unless fully killed. Fighting it alone wasn’t something Jake felt confident doing, but he felt as if he didn’t have any other choice. At least if he was in melee, he could ensure it wasn’t going to use Gaze because he fucking dared it to try to use his own skill on him.

He would need to buy some time for the others to at least recover a little. Vesperia didn’t look like she could even fly straight, nearly her entire head gone, and the Sword Saint naturally couldn’t fight with half his limbs cut off. Carmen and Caleb were still able to fight, though Caleb wasn’t in a great state either. The Fallen King would clearly also need a bit, which left only Sylphie, Jake, and Carmen.

Fully focusing, Jake pushed his Arcane Awakening as far it could go – and perhaps a bit further - barely avoiding the attacks of the Prima Guardian. Its leg blades shot up at unpredictable times, bending unnaturally as they moved almost autonomously. All the meanwhile, Jake had to not get caught by the Guardian’s punches or the staff, not to mention the occasional magical attack.

At least the wyvern heads on its back didn’t attack Jake but went for the others who were dealing with their injuries, with Sylphie protecting them. Not wanting the Guardian to disengage when it realized it couldn’t deal any meaningful damage to Jake quickly, he began to go more on the offensive.

Baiting it in, the boss thought it caught Jake in its grasp, only to find the version of Jake it had in its hand dissolve into cursed energy, allowing Jake to land a Piercing Fang with his Voidblade, tearing another hole in the Prima’s chest. His opponent responded by releasing a golden explosion of force, making Jake stumble back as the Prima counterattacked instantly, forcing Jake to block the staff as he felt his arms buckle from the impact, his bones cracking.

Luckily, he had bought enough time for Caleb to attack from behind, knocking the boss slightly to the side and buying Jake a moment to stabilize. Carmen also entered the fray to help Jake, as the two of them faced off against the Prima Guardian together.

While Jake managed to avoid nearly all attacks, only taking minor injuries himself, Carmen wasn’t the same as she constantly had to take blows directly. Jake noticed how her skin had begun to crack in places, small fractures forming all over her body. He knew she couldn’t keep this up forever, but in truth, they didn’t really have a choice.

The Prima Guardian didn’t come out of this unscathed either. The Fallen King had recovered enough to protect the injured, allowing Sylphie and Caleb to resume their strikes, though without Jake’s constant harassment with arrows, their damage output had been severely reduced.

As Jake was struggling, he suddenly saw someone enter his sphere, and a calm aura fell over him. He felt his hurting body begin to mend as healing energy washed over their entire group. Their healer had returned to the battle and went all out as his body began to glow with a powerful healing aura. The Sword Saint, Vesperia, and Fallen King all started to heal in real-time, as even some of the fractures on Carmen healed rapidly.

With a moment to spare, he looked over where Eron had been sealed down by five Primas not even a dozen seconds earlier and saw metal reflecting the sunlight as a single mage faced off against four Primas on his own – the fifth one falling toward the ground, blood trailing its descent.

William held a lot of resentment toward Eversmile for making him miss several system events. He had been convinced that the Treasure Hunt, Myriad Paths, and even C-grade Nevermore weren’t things he needed or should do. They were wastes of time for someone like him. To this day, he couldn’t understand why his former “master” would even do that. Was he just trying to sabotage William for the fun of it? Trying to hurt his Path? He had lost out on so many titles that would have made him stronger, and he felt so damn far behind.

But… that wasn’t going to make him give up. How would he ever get his revenge on the Primordial by giving up?

One thing was for sure, he wasn’t going to miss more events. As for this particular system event, he had chosen to just fall in line and do as Ms. Wells told him to. He was fully aware he wasn’t in any kind of position to make any demands. It was already lucky they allowed him to take part, and he would do his utmost to be useful.

The section he had been assigned to defend wasn’t particularly difficult, and the outcasts he had been grouped with barely had to do anything. Even if It wasn’t hard, he was contributing, right? Things had been going smoothly until he suddenly noticed that one of the Primas flying toward his section suddenly changed direction, and not toward another section, but toward where the Prima Guardian was.

A case of theft: this story is not rightfully on Amazon; if you spot it, report the violation.

He saw that it was going for the healer from the Dao Sect called Eron, who had been blasted their way by what looked like a giant golden barrier. Other Primas were also flying over, with five in total going for him.

Frowning, William wasn’t sure what to do but quickly decided to step in. Especially when he saw these Primas weren’t even truly fighting Eron; they were just trying to stop him from returning to the rest of the strike team.

“You all handle this area; I’ll go help the healer,” William said to his section mates as he shot after the Prima, going toward Eron while retracting his metal wires – the legendary weapon Eversmile had given him. It was one of the many mixed messages his old teacher had sent, where he, on the one hand, helped William a lot and, on the other, actively tried to sabotage him.

Catching up to the charging Prima, William summoned a spear and shot it toward the gorilla-looking thing. It quickly reacted and defended itself, William taking the chance to launch a barrage of ranged attacks toward those bothering Eron.

The healer was defending himself with an ocean of white flames, but the Primas mostly ignored this as they kept pushing Eron further and further away from the strike team. Despite blowing up his body like a balloon of blood several times, the man couldn’t get any leeway. With time, he would surely win by burning down the Primas, but would the strike team hold on long enough?

By that, William didn’t mean them losing. He couldn’t imagine that monstrous hunter truly losing… but he could see a few of the others dying. Best to avoid that, William reckoned, as he finally got close to Eron and decided it was time to unleash his boosting skill.

A silver aura appeared around him as William released a web of strings, instantly forcing two Primas to react. These Primas seemed conflicted for a moment. William understood why, as he saw the almost tangible karmic thread between these Primas and the Prima Guardian look slightly different than usual. The karmic bond was one so strong that William had known from the beginning that these Primas were tied intrinsically to the Guardian. They wouldn’t die if the Prima Guardian died, but they would find themselves severely weakened. This also meant that any orders given by the Prima Guardian were absolute, and defending against William likely clashed with their directive to keep the healer busy. This directive was also the cause of change in the karmic bond between these Primas and the Guardian, likely because these five were the only ones carrying out direct orders.

Something William gladly took full advantage of as he decided to make the coming fight a bit easier for himself. While the Primas were still trying to figure out what to do, William summoned a large silver spear that he promptly impaled the gorilla-looking Prima with. It stumbled back as William channeled his energy into the spear, the Prima’s body slowly turning to metal as its energies fought against the intrusion.

Which left it distracted when the true attack arrived.

From below, a spinning thin disc of metal shot up, pulled by metal threads, as one of the gorilla’s legs was cut off. A second disc struck it right on soon after, but the gorilla caught it with both hands… only to have a third one strike it from behind, blasting it toward the ground with a nasty cut right on its spine.

His attack finally caught the attention of the other four Primas as William worked his karmic magic. He pulled on the threads of karma and began tying them to himself. The resentment born from the attack was enough for him to take the attention of all the Primas as they all turned toward him, and for a moment, he became their main target.

“Get to the rest of the strike team now; I’ll keep these busy,” William said as he finished temporarily overriding the order the Primas had been given by the Guardian. It wouldn’t work for long, as he was effectively just jamming the order while drawing attention to himself.

Luckily, Eron quickly caught on and took the moment William had gifted him to pull out an item from his spatial storage that made space shiver around him for a moment before he picked up speed and began flying back to the strike team at a rapid pace.

William sighed as he cracked his neck with the four Primas now charging for him, the one below also far from dead. He was pretty confident in himself, but dealing with five Primas was perhaps a bit too much, seeing as just killing one was a damn struggle with their overflowing vital energies. Better kill that Guardian quickly…

With Eron back on the field, the tides of battle began to shift once more. Having a healer just added so much value, and even if the Sword Saint and Vesperia wouldn’t be back in action instantly, the simple knowledge that they eventually would be able to contribute again held immense value.

Carmen could also hold on for far longer, as she and Jake kept the Prima Guardian busy, the Fallen King staying on pure defense. The wyvern heads kept shooting attacks toward him, but Sylphie and Caleb helped as they kept attacking from behind, focusing much of their attention on the wyverns.

The acid rain falling upon them was still a problem, but the Sword Saint focused on addressing it as he channeled his own mana to take over the skies. He wasn’t strong enough to entirely dispel the acid rain, but he could dilute the rain that fell while ruining the balance of the clouds, making the occasional black lightning strikes stop entirely. Even if he was heavily injured, he still wanted to contribute what he could.

Vesperia also clearly wanted to, and once some of her head was healed and she had one eye to see, she began to provide ranged support, shooting her stingers like a railgun.

Speaking of guns, Arnold had clearly set up somewhere, as the occasional black beam would pierce through the battlefield. His timing was always impeccable, happening just as the Prima Guardian was unable to move or in the middle of an attack.

The Prima Guardian was finally also showing clear signs of weakness. It regenerated slower than before, and while it was still incredibly dangerous, light was now at the end of the tunnel. They were still on a timer, though. They all had their boosting skills fully active, and while some of them had skills that they could keep active for a very long time without any problems, others couldn’t. Jake was one of those people who had a boosting skill taking a toll on his body.

His skin had long begun to flay here and there as veins of destructive arcane energy lined his body, wreaking havoc within. Carmen was clearly also struggling, especially with all the hits she kept taking. Eron was doing his best, but there was only so much a healer could do against someone overdrawing their own power. However, no matter what, there was no backing down now… they had to finish it.

Picking up his pace even more, Jake began to take more risks as he landed several blows. He was waiting for the final opening to land a big finisher with the Protean Arrow he had been preparing in his quiver, to be fired alongside all the Hunting Momentum he had built up. It wasn’t time yet, though, and Jake had to stay in melee to ensure Gaze wasn’t even an option for the boss.

Carmen also got more reckless, with Eron now backing them. She gladly took three hits to land a punch of her own as the Guardian looked more and more beaten and bruised. Realizing this wasn’t working for it, the Prima Guardian switched target and went for Vesperia, who was not yet fully healed, but she still managed to barely block the attack.

Jake quickly followed as the True Royal defended herself. The Sword Saint had a tired look as he nevertheless raised his blade, likely for the final time in this battle. The old man still only had one arm and leg, his aura wavering. Yet, at that very moment, his body burned with power as he prepared to stab forward. Jake knew what he was about to do, and he opened his eyes wide as they flashed.

The pain was instant as Jake used yet another Primal Gaze, and he felt his vision waver as his eyes took severe damage. However, it was good enough. The Sword Saint, Caleb, and Sylphie all took full advantage as three powerful attacks fell upon the boss at once.

“Glimpse of Spring: Erosion”

“Thunderfall of Tenlucis.”

“Ree!”

A thin beam of water blasted off one of the Prima Guardian’s arms as Caleb, wrapped in black lightning, descended from above along with Sylphie, both passing straight through the Guardian, roasting it from within and cutting up its body, sending blood flying everywhere. As a pleasant surprise, another void beam also hit the Guardian, taking off a leg.

Carmen and the Fallen King also wanted to join in, but the Prima Guardian exploded with pure mana at that very moment, as all of the wyvern heads self-destructed, pushing everyone back, including Jake. He had to use his scales to block the massive explosion as he saw it had knocked out the Sword Saint, and Vesperia looked much worse for wear, as everyone had taken a good bit of damage from the blast.

Stabilizing, Jake pulled out his bow in preparation to attack as he released a Pulse… and saw that on the back of the Prima Guardian, two wings had appeared. Two very familiar wings.

No… no fucking way.

A dark green bubble of poison appeared around the Prima Guardian before Jake or anyone else could strike… and with a single beat of these newly summoned wings, it activated Wings of the Malefic Viper’s escape function and disappeared, fleeing the battle.

Not happening.

Without even a moment’s hesitation, wings also appeared on Jake’s back, and his body began to turn dark green. With a wingbeat of his own, he too disappeared in pursuit of the Prima Guardian, fully intent on hunting it down no matter where the bastard tried to escape to.




***
Chapter 938: Prima Guardian (6)


***






The entire world around Jake began to fade as all concepts in his surroundings were broken down into nothingness, and he shot after the Guardian. When using Wings of the Malefic Viper’s escape function, he couldn’t really do more than change the general direction he was going in, as he sacrificed all accuracy for pure speed and the ability to break through layers of space and anything else that might impede him.

However, this time, he wasn’t just traveling randomly. Instead, he was in hot pursuit of the Prima Guardian as he honed in on the Mark he had left on it. He felt it ahead of him, with the exact distance impossible to determine due to how the skill worked. However, he knew that he wasn’t willing to disengage his own use of Wings before he knew the Guardian had also stopped.

This proved… difficult. Jake was already beaten and battered, and as he chased the Prima Guardian, he felt his wings getting burned away, running out of energy. They were taking the brunt of everything, and it was clear the chimera’s wings were just tougher than Jake’s, likely due to its far higher stats.

Moreover, Jake guessed the Guardian knew he was chasing it. That, or it was just trying to get as far away as it possibly could, likely to recover before returning for a rematch. One that Jake naturally believed they would also win, but he wasn’t about to risk it or give the chimera a longer life than absolutely necessary.

Gritting his teeth, Jake saw the world briefly flicker all around him, the escape skill about to come to an end. He would be thrown out into the real world, the Prima Guardian escaping to who-knows-where. Thinking fast about what to do, Jake tried to make his wings last longer. He actively controlled his vital energies as he sent more and more into them, trying to keep them from collapsing, but he was fighting a losing battle.

Just a bit longer, Jake thought desperately. One could still barely count the time Jake had been using his escape skill in seconds, but he was at the end of his ropes. Jake thought as quickly as he could, as he tried to think up new ways to make the wings last.

He covered them in a layer of stable arcane energy, and when that wasn’t enough, he forcefully poured stable arcane mana into them in heavy supply. This appeared to only speed up their breakdown, but Jake forcefully stabilized all the mana within them, also inadvertently affecting the other energies in the wings. An almost reddish sheen began to cover them as Jake felt a change… one he leaned fully into as he explored it.

The wings had always been considered part of his body, but at the same time also separated due to their phantasmal nature. However, now, he felt a far stronger connection with them, especially when it came to pouring in his arcane energy. Skills had still affected the wings before, such as his boosting skill… yet it felt slightly different now. Like he had unclogged an otherwise blocked vein.

On his back, the reddish sheen finally changed and began to take shape as what looked like scales of arcane energy covered the surface of both wings. The wings also completely “locked” themselves as if they were frozen… but they also remained incredibly stable as Jake continued his pursuit of the Prima Guardian.

A notification popped up in his head, and Jake briefly skimmed it as he dedicated a small part of his consciousness to see what it was about. Especially because with the notification, he felt himself increase in speed ever-so-slightly.

Skill upgraded (rarity unchanged): [Wings of the Malefic Viper (Legendary)] – Sprout wings and take flight, and as the Malefic Viper, refuse to ever find yourself restrained to circumstances against your will. Allows the Alchemist to summon two phantasmal wings to take flight or fight. While active, you can burn the blood within the wings and release potent toxic fumes. The toxicity and effects of the poison are based on Blood of the Malefic Viper. The wings can also be infused with stable arcane energies, using the wings as a medium to create a powerful defensive barrier, benefitting from both your arcane energies and the properties of an empowered Scales of the Malefic Viper. When infused with stable arcane energies, the wings cannot move. The wings count as a phantasmal part of your body and are incredibly receptive to your arcane energies. Allows the Alchemist to further infuse and sacrifice both wings to create an opportunity to escape if in a perilous situation. Doing this makes resummoning the wings impossible for a variable duration, dependent on Agility and the amount of energy infused into the wings upon the sacrifice. Passively provides 9 Agility per level in Heretic-Chosen Alchemist of the Malefic Viper (C-grade variant). May the sight of your wings be the harbinger of death, an impenetrable defense, and instruments of escape to feed another day.

Jake had considered getting a dedicated defensive arcane barrier skill for a long time… and it looked like he had just gotten one. It was pretty much a side-effect of Jake wanting to protect his wings while using the escape function, but he wasn’t going to complain. Chances are he had been pretty close to some kind of upgrade with his wings already, and it was only good to get it now, especially with the increased stats.

With this skill upgrade, Jake had bridged the gap between him and the Prima Guardian, as he was able to continue his pursuit. While he didn’t have the same raw stats to match the durability of its wings, he now had superior wings in the quality department.

Still, it wasn’t like he could keep using the skill forever, and neither could the Prima Guardian. Soon, Jake felt his opponent stop, which also put a stop to Jake dedicating any brainpower to the skill upgrade. Jake disengaged his use of wings a moment later as he emerged in the real world once more, the wings on his back burning away in the process, not to be summoned again for a good while.

He found himself surrounded by darkness, with nothing anywhere close. It wasn’t hard to know where he was, either. The Prima Guardian hadn’t tried to flee to the other side of the planet or anywhere, really… it had just gone straight up. Straight into the emptiness of space, which was where Jake now found himself, the planet pretty damn far beneath him. It wasn’t even like they had flown in the direction of the moon… there was just nothing.

The Prima was a few dozen kilometers away, and Jake saw that it looked just about to enter some form of meditation to recover. However, it immediately noticed his appearance as Jake pulled out a bow and nocked an arrow.

Jake was still on a timer with his boosting skill going strong, but he knew the Prima Guardian wasn’t going well either. While it had regenerated its second arm, it still only had one leg, and none of the wyverns on its back looked like they were gonna get healed.

Shooting his arrow, the chimera was struck as it reeled back. For a moment, it looked like it considered running until it stopped itself. On the back of Jake’s hand, the key to the Planetary Pylon gave off a faint glow, the Guardian giving off a similar aura. It recognized Jake was the Key Holder… and recognized that this was a golden opportunity for it.

If you spot this story on Amazon, know that it has been stolen. Report the violation.

Never had its objective been to kill every powerful fighter on Earth. Just to obtain the second key held by the World Leader. And now that very same World Leader had isolated himself from all his allies in the middle of space, with no help anywhere to be seen.

The option of fleeing seemed to quickly leave the chimera’s mind. It took the staff it had been holding and grasped it with both hands before splitting it in two, the two halves morphing into blades. Likely, it had judged that blunt weapons were no longer optimal for the fight that was to come, and the staff was too cumbersome against Jake.

Jake was also fully aware of the situation he had put himself in. This was indeed the best chance the Prima Guardian would ever get to “beat” Earth. The thing is… as long as its best option included killing Jake, it wouldn’t ever be realistic.

“What’s happening? I repeat, what’s happening?” the Fallen King asked through the Golden Mark, seemingly having asked quite a few times before. Likely while Jake was using wings to chase.

“Fighting the boss in space,” Jake just answered.

“Do you need assistance?”

“Yeah,” Jake answered. “Send Sandy to pick me up for when I’m done here. I’ll contact you when it’s dead.”

With that, Jake cut off the connection with the Golden Mark as he had a fight to attend.

Loosing another barrage of arrows, Jake took shots at the Prima as it flew toward him. Most of his arrows were deflected, but he hit a few before Jake dodged to the side as the Guardian stepped down and appeared right in front of him. He swayed out of the way as he decided to meet the boss in melee just like it wanted, taking out both of his katars.

Facing the boss alone was truly the best decision in Jake’s mind. He did have the possibility of summoning the Fallen King… but all that would do was put the Unique Lifeform in a tough spot. While Jake had confidence in keeping himself alive, he wasn’t confident in protecting the Fallen King in the slightest. Besides, if worst came to worst, Jake wanted to be the only one around for the end of the flight.

With no one else around, Jake could also fully focus only on the Prima Guardian. He didn’t have to dedicate even a smidgen of his attention to keeping others safe or consider if his actions would put others in challenging situations. It was just him, the chimera, and a vast open nothingness as far as the eye could see.

Jake gladly fought the Prima Guardian while the chimera’s two blades moved at incredible speeds as Jake dodged and weaved around them, counterattacking whenever possible. He parried and took advantage of its movements, as even if the chimera was adaptable and could move in unnatural ways, it still had patterns, and Jake could still read it.

The two of them flashed through space as they rapidly switched between who was on the offensive, pushing each other back, Jake landing blow after blow as he couldn’t avoid taking some damage himself. Blood began to fill the emptiness of their environment, along with the skin that flayed off Jake’s body as he truly pushed himself beyond his limits.

Even before he chased the Prima Guardian, he had to consume a stamina potion to keep himself from running out, and now his resources were draining even quicker. If the fight dragged on too long, Jake would more than likely be the first one to fall… so he had to be the one to finish the fight.

Eternal Hunger did help a bit to keep Jake in the game, its energy-stealing effect very effective against the monstrous resource pool of the Guardian. He landed several stabs with it, even if the Voidblade did more raw damage. The weapon from Arnold was honestly ridiculous in how good it was at cutting and stabbing, and it was responsible for many of the injuries marring the Prima Guardian’s body.

Exchanging dozens of blows a second, Jake was waiting for his chance, as he had a trick up his sleeve he wanted to try. After a clash where Jake got a minor cut on his thigh in trade for a deep stab into the chest of the Prima Guardian, Jake initiated the plan. He instantly charged in again as he released a wave of arcane energy mixed with dark mana toward the boss, causing a giant explosion of destructive black mist.

The Prima kept an eye on Jake throughout as the katar-wielding hunter appeared from within the cloud behind the chimera. It responded quickly, turning around and cutting down with both swords… only to find the version of Jake it attacked, dispersing into a mist of cursed energy.

Rapidly turning around, the Prima Guardian looked for Jake, confused, as it released a shockwave of mana to disperse the black mist around it. As the black mist was pushed away, Jake was still nowhere to be seen, making the Prima Guardian respond by sending out crescent waves of water, cutting through space.

One of these waves suddenly struck something… a seemingly solid mass in the middle of the nothingness. The moment it did, and before the Prima Guardian could fully process that it had hit anything, an explosion of magic was released as an Arcane Powershot tore across space toward the Guardian. It wanted to dodge, but Jake used Primal Gaze one final time.

A Protean Arrow, with all of Jake’s Hunting Momentum infused, struck the Prima Guardian right in its chest, piercing deeply into it before exploding. An arm and a leg were shot off into the vastness of space, and the creature was blown apart, blood and gore spread out everywhere.

Jake had done something he had long theorized. Using Eternal Shadow and obscuring the sight of his enemy, he had briefly managed to activate Unseen Hunter in the state where he had to stand still due to the boss losing sight of him. It was an incredibly tight timing, but Jake had a transcendent ability to know when something or someone was looking at him, and the second he noticed the Guardian had shifted its entire attention to the Eternal Shadow, he used the skill and blended into space.

This allowed him to not only buy time to briefly charge an Arcane Powershot using his Protean Arrow but also to benefit from his Stealth Attack skill. If the Prima Guardian hadn’t been swift to release a large area of effect attack to sniff him out, he could have charged the arrow for even longer… but this had to be good enough, right? Because Jake wasn’t sure he had that much more in the tank.

At the same time as the Prima was blown apart, Jake’s eyes cracked, as the irises in both fractured, turning him completely blind. He also felt the impact on his soul, having overdrawn himself far too much, as he felt an insane headache. His consciousness wavered… as something appeared behind him.

With nothing but a small part of its upper body, head, and one arm barely attached to its shoulder, the Prima Guardian had teleported behind Jake. The sword in its hand was gone, but it still struck forward, its hand glowing with the familiar aura of Carmen’s most powerful strike: Fist of Ragnarok.

Jake didn’t have time to think. Instinctively, he began to turn as the fist closed in on his head. Both katars appeared in Jake’s hands as he roared while stabbing forward, the fist growing nearer… as time slowed down. Moment of the Primal Hunter activated, as Jake’s katars were both giving off the aura of Piercing Fang, one aimed for what remained of the Guardian’s chest and the other for the head.

With time on his side, Jake’s attacks would arrive first… a strike that would no doubt be deadly toward the Guardian on its last legs. And in that final moment, the chimera tried to adapt one last time. Time began to bend around it as its own version of Moment of the Primal Hunter activated.

Jake felt his own heartbeat. A single thump of indignance… as the Prima Guardian just stopped. Its glowing fist lost all power, and white glowing fractures covered what was left of its body. The chimera’s skin turned gray and wrinkly before its entire body turned to ashes before Jake’s attack could even land. Time returned to normal, as all that remained was drifting dust that also soon disappeared into nothingness.

Instinctively, he knew… the Prima Guardian had tried to do something it simply shouldn’t and couldn’t do. It had simply faced the consequences of trying to overreach and escape the concept of time for even a moment. Well, the consequences if you didn’t have an overpowered Bloodline, that is.




***
Chapter 939: Prima Guardian Aftermath


***






Not far from the Prima Vessel, most of the strike team had gathered after Jake and the Prima Guardian disappeared. Eron was busy healing those injured, as Sylphie had taken off to help deal with some of the regular Primas, having taken the least damage of them all. Well, not counting Eron, who seemed impervious to getting killed over and over again. But no one really counted him.

“Think he’ll be okay?” Carmen asked, a bit worried as they waited to hear something – anything – about what was going on far above them in space. Jake had cut off all communication as he focused on the fight, and no one could really fault her for not feeling entirely certain Jake would be fine. He was facing a peak creature at level 349, all alone. A creature that all of them had struggled against.

“He sounded confident,” the Fallen King said. “I find it difficult to imagine a scenario where he doesn’t win.”

“I think a bigger concern is how long it’ll take to fetch him,” Caleb said as he massaged his shoulder, addressing the swelling from overusing his boosting skill earlier.

“Sandy has been informed and is on their way,” the Sword Saint said, sitting in a chair he had taken out of his spatial storage.

“Right,” Carmen nodded as she sighed.

To say they didn’t all feel a bit conflicted that Jake was going to finish this fight alone was an understatement. However, they also recognized that Jake was the only one capable of chasing the chimera, and even the Fallen King knew that while he could be summoned to Jake’s side, he would likely be more of a burden than a boon.

Out of them all, Jake was the strongest in a regular fight; no one disagreed with that. Especially when facing off against a foe many levels higher than himself, he truly stood out. He walked a Path all about killing that which was stronger, making him incredibly suited for doing so. Unless the Sword Saint fully used his Transcendent skill, he wasn’t at all confident about fighting Jake. Not during the Treasure Hunt, and not now.

As they were all sitting there, they all suddenly felt the change. The Prima Vessel behind them began to glow as a beam of light shot toward the sky, and a new opening appeared on it. It wasn’t difficult to figure out what had happened… especially not when she saw the system message that arrived alongside this change.

You have slain [Exalted Prima Guardian – lvl 349] – Bonus experience earned for killing an enemy above your level

“Well, I guess I shouldn’t have worried,” Carmen smiled.

“About us not getting any experience because they both ran the fuck away?” Caleb asked a bit cheekely.

“Oh, that too,” Carmen agreed.

“Did have me worried for a second,” the Sword Saint said with a sigh.

“In case anyone cares, Jake has confirmed the Prima Guardian is indeed dead and that he still lives,” the Fallen King shared. “But yes, it is good we didn’t miss out on the experience, as that would indicate our contributions weren’t recognized, which would prove detrimental to our Records and the overall rewards from this event.”

Truly, they were all focusing on what was most important.

Miranda was sweating despite not doing anything physically strenuous. She had just been forced to focus a bit too much for a prolonged period as she kept directing the flow of the battle while maintaining the domain in her own defended section. The incredibly durable Primas resulted in it taking way too long to kill each one, and alongside their damn armies, she felt like they needed way more fighters.

Then again, this definitely wasn’t how this system event was meant to be beaten. One was meant to fight the Primas one by one after they spread out, killing them to weaken the Prima Guardian before finishing off the big bad boss.

They were effectively doing this boss on hard mode, using a strategy that made it even harder. In other words… the highest difficulty with speedrun tactics.

She wasn’t sure what to think when she got the report that the Prima Guardian had fled the battlefield using some form of emergency escape skill… nor if it was a good or bad thing that Jake had chased without even hesitating. Probably good, right? Seeing as it was Jake who chose to chase.

Continuing to deal with all of the reports she got, Miranda kept sending reinforcements where needed. Lillian had formed a second strike team of sorts to quickly travel around and help where needed. Neil was even part of this team and served as their mode of travel as he rapidly took them around the battlefield using his space magic.

“Arrived at section nine and engaging the Prima… priority on suppressing it over killing,” Lillian reported as one of the stronger Primas had been causing trouble.

“Keep safe for now; once section eight is secured, I’ll send more assistance,” Miranda answered, turning her attention elsewhere.

Similar reports came in from all around as Miranda felt the pressure mounting. Many sections were still doing fine, but far more were struggling. Even the section William had been expertly handling was now a bit of a shitshow, as the ones there couldn’t work together to save their lives, and William himself had to deal with five Primas as he had gone to assist the Prima Guardian strike team indirectly. Was this going against his orders and their agreement? Yes. Was Miranda going to make a stink about it? No.

Sylphie going to help them was great, but she was still only one hawk. While she could certainly kill a few Primas, in the grand scheme of things, all she could do was lighten the load on a few sections. The same was true for the assistance Arnold had begun to provide, though based on what the scientist said, his contributions would be limited as he had spent quite a few resources already dealing with the Guardian.

All of this isn’t to say that Earth was losing. The fight was just taking longer than Miranda had hoped, and they would incur more casualties than was optimal. Especially now that many were beginning to run out of mana and stamina.

However, suddenly, things changed. She saw the pillar of light that erupted from the Prima Vessel, and for a moment, all the Primas stopped. Hundreds of screeches and roars sounded out from all over the battlefield as Miranda saw the Primas shaking as something seemed to be leaving them. Some of them lost a bit in bulk, their injuries worsened, and their auras became far less imposing.

Unauthorized use: this story is on Amazon without permission from the author. Report any sightings.

“The Prima has weakened significantly,” Lillian informed Miranda right then, telling the witch something she already knew, courtesy of the fifty or so other reports she got at the same time. Sending a message to everyone at once, she held up the phone provided by Arnold.

“The Prima Guardian has been slain. I repeat, Prima Guardian is dead. However, don’t lose focus, but make this cleanup smooth,” Miranda said, as she suddenly got a message and smiled. “Oh, and if you are feeling tired, retreat. Reinforcements are incoming.”

The system message for this event had said that beasts couldn’t participate in fighting against the Prima Guardian if they consumed system-given unique items… but now there was no Prima Guardian. It was still a bit of a gamble if they could now participate, but the Sky Whale informed Miranda he felt like he could. So, with that in mind, he and an entire army of beasts and monsters arrived through the teleportation circle behind the backline.

Taking his true form, the massive whale took to the skies, as the frost wyvern Miranda remembered Jake mentioning also ventured forth, releasing its breath on the weakened Primas. Thousands of powerful beasts, all mid-tier C-grade or above, entered the battlefield, as this was indeed nothing more but a cleanup.

Many of the beasts that had arrived with the Primas began to flee, with a few of them even trying to surrender. The vast majority still fought alongside their Prima as they faced death together. Noble, perhaps, but Miranda didn’t really want to think too much about stuff like that.

She was already looking forward to what came next. The Prima Guardian Alliance, the intergalactic politics, and the inevitable clash with Ell’Hakan and those who served or worked alongside him… there was still much to do in regards to this event.

Of course, before they could really do anything like that, they needed to claim the Planetary Pylon. And for that, they needed their World Leader, who was still floating somewhere in space, waiting for his giant space worm taxi to arrive.

Everything hurt, and Jake wasn’t a big fan. After he deactivated his boosting skill with the confirmed death of the Prima Guardian, the pain really came rushing in. He was pretty much out of skin on his body at this point, and his internals looked like several bombs had gone off inside him.

But he lived, and at least his body was strong enough to survive outer space even when Jake was in his severely weakened post-Arcane Awakening state. That didn’t mean he felt any less like shit, though, as he waited for Sandy to arrive. The Fallen King had already at least confirmed that the worm was on its way, so Jake wouldn’t have to fly all the way down there himself. Something he really didn’t do, and it wasn’t like his wings would be available any time soon for an expedient return. The skill wasn’t meant to be used for that kind of travel anyway, and chances are Jake would end up just appearing halfway inside the planet or still far away from it due to the severe lack of accuracy.

Still… it was a good upgrade, and without it, he wouldn’t have caught the Prima Guardian. Stressful situations were truly the best time to upgrade skills. Also, while Jake was complaining, he was totally okay with having a moment to himself to properly digest the fight he had just been in.

Going back a bit to when the Prima Guardian died, Jake had honestly been perplexed what the hell had happened. Everything was still a bit blurry, and all he remembered was that he tried to stab the damn thing with time slowed, and right as the Guardian tried to also slow down, it just fucking died. Jake knew his Moment of the Primal Hunter was special, but not to the level of it being deadly for the chimera to try and mimic it.

Ultimately, the chimera effectively killing itself didn’t change much. Jake’s attack would have killed the Prima if it hadn’t been able to use a skill like Moment anyway; it just sped up the process by half a second. From the looks of it, it wasn’t like it hurt Jake’s experience gained from the fight, either.

Oh yeah, and something Jake hadn’t noticed earlier either… as always, with a skill upgrade to his Malefic Viper Legacy skills, there also came a nice reward of experience points, giving Jake even more levels.

’DING!’ Profession: [Heretic-Chosen Alchemist of the Malefic Viper] has reached level 276 - Stat points allocated, +35 Free Points

…

’DING!’ Profession: [Heretic-Chosen Alchemist of the Malefic Viper] has reached level 278 - Stat points allocated, +35 Free Points

Three levels from upgrading his Wings of the Malefic Viper was more than he expected but not really more than he usually got. It was also a while since he last upgraded one of his Legacy skills, so perhaps that played into him getting more experience than usual. In either case, more levels were great, putting him closer to level 300.

Having killed the Prima Guardian, there was naturally also plenty of class experience to be gained.

You have slain [Exalted Prima Guardian – lvl 349] – Bonus experience earned for killing an enemy above your level

’DING!’ Class: [Arcane Hunter of Horizon’s Edge] has reached level 290 - Stat points allocated, +50 Free Points

…

’DING!’ Class: [Arcane Hunter of Horizon’s Edge] has reached level 292 - Stat points allocated, +50 Free Points

Alright, Jake said plenty, but in his opinion, 3 levels as someone who was nearly high-tier C-grade was a lot. Now, Jake would definitely have gotten a fuckload more if he had done this entire fight alone, but that was never going to happen. Jake also seriously doubted he could have beaten the chimera alone… though it was hard to say.

Its ability to adapt still confused him. He still wasn’t sure if it could only use skills it had seen or if it could just use all sorts of skills based on the people it fought. Perhaps a combination of the two… or had they just all been scanned when they entered the Prima Vessel or something?

Perhaps if Jake had been the one to fight it alone, it wouldn’t have been able to copy from anyone else but only him. That would have made it weaker, yes, but Jake wasn’t sure by how much or if it would have copied more from him. Though, even if it had… Jake would have loved to see it try and copy him if Jake pulled out some Jake Juice, especially after what happened to it from trying to copy Moment.

Oh well, the thing was dead, so it didn’t really matter anymore. It was not like Jake was ever going to encounter a similar creature, as the chimera wouldn’t have been able to exist in the wild. It was purely an event boss created by the system to test Earth.

As a final thing in regards to levels, Jake had naturally also gained 3 race levels.

’DING!’ Race: [Human (C)] has reached level 283 - Stat points allocated, +45 Free Points

…

’DING!’ Race: [Human (C)] has reached level 285 - Stat points allocated, +45 Free Points

Thinking about it, Jake getting 3 levels from this fight was 2% of all the levels he needed for C-grade, and all done in less than a day… so as long as Jake could find another Prima Guardian and convince everyone to fight it tomorrow, Jake could reach B-grade within a month easily! They could even take a few weekend breaks.

Joking aside, it didn’t seem like much, but it was honest work.

After the Prima Guardian had truly died, Jake also saw that a second symbol had appeared on the back of his hand, signifying he now had both keys to the barrier around the Planetary Pylon. As long as he got back, it was ripe for the taking, and they would finally lay claim to the planet once and for all.

The second key was, sadly, the only loot Jake got from the boss. He didn’t know if it was because of the way it died or because it was a system entity, but it left nothing behind. The Fallen King did mention that the Prima Vessel had opened up a new entrance back on Earth that none of them could enter due to a barrier. It was kind of assumed Jake would be able to go in, though, so maybe there was loot in there? One can only hope.

Entering meditation, Jake focused on healing for the next good while, as he at least wanted his body to stop hurting a little before he moved on to the next task. Because while Jake had “only” gained three levels, those three had made him pass an important threshold when he got to level 290 in his class.

That’s right: it was time for a skill selection!

And, to make things things even better, while waiting for Sandy to arrive, Jake had plenty of time to painstakingly go over every single skill choice in excruciating detail as Jake opened up the system menu once he felt well enough to think clearly.

Arcane Hunter of Horizon’s Edge class skills available




***
Chapter 940: Level 290 Hunter Skill Selection


***






Most of the time, Jake felt like skill selections only really had one, maybe two, valid options. Other times, none of the skills were any good, such as Jake’s last skill selection for his class where he had gone back to pick Penetrating Arrow. Sure, the skill he had gained was great, but he had only chosen it because nothing better had been offered.

However… this time around, Jake didn’t find himself with a list like usual. He didn’t instantly see three options he wanted to write off. Instead, he saw a list of five pretty fucking awesome skills, all of high rarity and all with their own great aspects.

To set the stage, the very first skill offered was ancient rarity and looked incredibly useful.

[Disruptive Arrow of Arcane Shadows (Ancient)] – With a single arrow, cover the skies in arcane shadows as you fade into nothingness. Allows the hunter to shoot an arrow infused with arcane shadow energy, creating a large cloud of arcane shadows upon destruction. This arcane shadow cloud will obscure all senses, allowing none inside to look out or those outside to look in. Due to the disruptive nature of the arrow, many forms of magic are weakened or entirely nullified within. This effect is primarily focused on disrupting detection skills. The level of obscuration created by the shadow cloud is based on the disparity between your Perception and the targets. For a short period after shooting the arrow, the hunter can more easily activate any stealth skill as long as the target fully loses sight of him. Adds a bonus to the effects of Perception, Intelligence, Wisdom, and Agility when using Disruptive Arrow of Arcane Shadows.

So, to summarize… it was an arrow that messed with magic, messed with people’s Perception, and allowed Jake to more easily enter stealth, all while scaling incredibly well with Perception. The only downside was that the Cloud of Arcane Shadows, as the skill called it, couldn’t be looked inside easily… which was entirely counteracted by Jake’s insane Perception.

Even if it wasn’t, Hunter’s Mark would still allow him to locate people. Oh yeah, and if that also failed, he had his damn Sphere of Perception. Hell, he could even see the skill being used to enhance his melee fighting style. Imagine it, a cloud of shadows with Jake stalking around within, striking from out of nowhere repeatedly. It sure gave Umbra vibes from the duel in the Colosseum of Mortals.

Then there was the awesome effect of allowing him to more easily enter stealth after using it. This skill was effectively what Jake had done against the Prima Guardian, except far more effectively. If he had this skill, then chances are he could have charged his Arcane Powershot for longer and killed the Guardian with his final Protean Arrow alone.

The benefits if he used this skill alongside Eternal Shadow were also easy to imagine… he could maybe enter his Unseen Hunter state several times throughout a fight. Sure, it would have the highest chance of working the first time around, but compared to now, he could see a world where it could work multiple times.

No matter what, he would have to take inspiration from this skill for some free-form magic. Maybe he could even design a Protean Arrow with these effects? Honestly, if this was the skill Jake had to pick, he would have been all fine and dandy. It was great… but the next skill looked at least as good. If for nothing else but its rarity, better.

Because, already at his second choice, he was offered a legendary skill, which truly boded well for the three final ones. Not to say this wouldn’t be the one, as he really liked what he saw.

[Stealth Attack of the Unseen Arcane Hunter (Legendary)] - The strongest blow is one unseen before it’s too late. Massively increase the power of the first attack made on an otherwise unaware foe, and any damage bonuses from Perception-scaling skills are significantly increased for a short duration after landing a successful Stealth Attack. If this attack is used in conjunction with Unseen Arcane Hunter, the attack will benefit from the effects of your stealth skill and be hidden from your foe’s spectrum of Perception. Even if your Stealth attack is noticed before it lands, it retains all effects as long as it was made while unseen. Adds a stat bonus to the effects of Stealth Attack of the Unseen Arcane Hunter dependent on the nature of the attack. This effect is further improved by the level of Unseen Arcane Hunter.

WARNING: This skill is unlocked by and will serve as an upgrade to your existing Superior Stealth Attack, resulting in the loss of the skill.

Stealth Attack was one of those skills Jake constantly reminded himself he had to remember to upgrade, but kept forgetting about actually upgrading. Much of the groundwork was definitely already laid, and this skill was built partly on top of that.

Jake’s goal had always been to integrate it with Unseen Arcane Hunter somehow… and this was pretty much it. Exactly what he had been imagining and wanted. It would make his opening attack when he struck from stealth far more powerful than before and even allow him to deal bonus damage with all his bow-related skills – seeing as they all scaled with Perception – for a short time after hitting an arrow.

Oh yeah… and it would turn his attack invisible. Or, at the very least, it would make it so his target wouldn’t be able to notice his arrow before it was too late. Trying to hide a massive Arcane Powershot barreling toward someone was pretty difficult, but from the looks of it, this skill could make it happen.

As with the skill prior, Jake would definitely need to take heavy inspiration from this one if he didn’t end up picking it. It was a bit different from the one prior in one huge way, though: it was a skill upgrade. A skill upgrade meant he would lose a skill slot… but this was one of those situations where the upgrade was so massive it was worth considering. He would go from a rare to a legendary skill in one go.

Jake could only imagine getting both this skill and the Arrow of Arcane Shadows… the combination would be insane. Alas, he would have to pick only one – assuming he even picked any of them. Because the next option was also incredibly spicy.

Or, maybe he should call it cursed.

[Gluttunous Fangs of Eternal Hunger (Legendary)] – Your hunger remains eternal as you seek to consume any who dare enter the striking distance of your fangs. Allows the hunter to passively channel cursed energy from the mythical artifact Eternal Hunger into every strike made with melee weapons, allowing you to benefit from all its on-hit effects. Every strike made using this effect will help feed the artifact, growing the power of the Sin Curse. Significantly increases the offensive effects of the Sin Curse of Hunger. Increases restorative powers of the Sin Curse of Hunger. Every strike made with Eternal Hunger or any weapon benefitting from this skill will leave lingering curse energy for far longer, dealing continuous damage. All effects of this skill are dependent on the power of Eternal Hunger. As the Sin Curse grows, so does the requirement of your ability to keep it at bay.

WARNING: Should Eternal Hunger be lost, this skill will mutate or disappear entirely.

It really shouldn’t come as a surprise Jake would get more skills related to the mythical weapon he had created. Especially seeing as how it had been tied even more deeply to him with the integration of Sim-Jake. The Sin Curse was now totally a part of him and his Path, and he recognized that.

He also recognized he had been shit at actually utilizing the curse energy he housed within his Soulspace. Eternal Hunger could definitely do a lot more than just be a durable and sharp weapon he liked to stab people with – something he had been exploring with his alchemy a bit. He had just never really explored any of the things he could make it do when it came to combat. Part of it was because Jake didn’t want to force himself too far down a Path where he focused on curses over stuff like his arcane affinity, and part of it was that Jake had a hard time imagining exactly what to do.

Now, this skill wasn’t really doing anything “new” per-se. It was effectively just a damage and energy-steal effect getting added to Jake’s melee fighting style while allowing Eternal Hunger to absorb more energy and thus also upgrade itself faster. He did like that he could make his Voidblade – or any other melee weapon - essentially into another Eternal Hunger. Seeing as it used the word Fangs, there was perhaps even some synergy going on with Fangs of Man and Fangs of the Malefic Viper. It did suck that the skill didn’t work with ranged attacks, but it would also be kind of weird if it had.

Jake didn’t really put much stock in the warnings on the skill, either. He knew that dealing with cursed stuff was dangerous, and he didn’t have any plans of losing Eternal Hunger. If he did, his Eternal Shadow skill would also be fucked.

To conclude, this skill was great and would instantly make Jake quite a bit stronger. There wasn’t much to learn from it he didn’t already know, but it was probably still worth keeping what it did in mind when exploring opportunities to use Eternal Hunger in the future. As with the two prior skills, if Jake was forced to pick this, he would have been a-okay.

Who would ever be unhappy about getting a legendary skill that just made something you already did strictly better? Well… maybe you would if it meant passing up another legendary skill that made other things you already did strictly better.

[Lone Hunter of Horizon’s Edge (Legendary)] – Hunting is a lonely endeavor, yet one best enjoyed alone, as there is only the hunter and his prey. As a Lone Hunter, you prefer the solitude found in a good hunt, and you specialize in facing your prey alone. Allows the hunter to gain certain benefits when hunting alone, but will have no effect if you work alongside others. Significantly increases all bonuses granted by your Big Game Hunter skill when hunting alone. When Lone Hunter of Horizon’s Edge is active, all stealth-related skills are more effective. When hunting alone, Hunting Momentum is accumulated from Relentless Hunt of the Avaricious Arcane Hunter far faster, and less is lost when the hunter takes damage. As you walk down the Path of a Lone Hunter, more benefits may follow. Increases all experience gained from successful lone hunts. May you strike fear into the hearts of all who find themselves marked as the prey of the Lone Hunter of Horizon’s Edge.

WARNING: This skill is exclusive and cannot be taken alongside Huntmaster of Horizon’s Edge.

This was the second legendary skill directly related to his class Jake had been offered.

Lone Hunter of Horizon’s Edge was clearly one well-suited to who he was. Reading it carefully, it did become clear pretty quickly that, on its own, the skill didn’t really do anything. The only real benefit it gave on its lonesome was the increased experience gained when hunting alone.

The rest of it was all about making his other skills better. Relentless Hunt, all stealth skills, and from the looks of it, especially Big Game Hunter, would be strictly improved if he had this skill. Of course, it would only work if he was hunting alone.

Jake had very much expected the skill to then also come with a massive downside if he was fighting with others, but from the looks of it, the only downside was that the skill wouldn’t do anything. That was… massive. While it was true Jake did hunt solo a lot, he also teamed up with others here and there. This Prima Guardian fight and much of Nevermore was proof of that. So to have a skill that would make him weaker when fighting with others would have sucked and been one he had to avoid.

Before Jake continued considering this skill more in-depth, he decided that doing it in conjunction with the last one was probably better. Because the warning of the skill also served as the prelude to the final skill offered… the counterpart to Lone Hunter and one mutually exclusive with it.

[Huntmaster of Horizon’s Edge (Legendary)] – To hunt is a task for the many, as you successfully lead your hunting party to slay any prey you mark for death. As a Huntmaster, you are a hunter specialized in hunting with a team of peers, allowing them to benefit from your expertise and skills as a hunter as long as they join your Hunting Party. Allows allies part of your Hunting Party to benefit from all effects of your Mark of the Horizon-Chasing Arcane Hunter. Any damage your Hunting Party does helps build your Hunting Momentum from Relentless Hunt of the Avaricious Arcane Hunter. When facing higher-level foes, all members of your Hunting Party benefit from a lesser version of your Big Game Hunter skill. As you walk down the Path of a Huntmaster, more benefits may follow. You can have a total of 9 members in your Hunting Party (not including yourself). May your Hunting Party strike fear in the hearts of all who find themselves marked as prey by the Huntmaster of Horizon’s Edge.

WARNING: This skill is exclusive and cannot be taken alongside Lone Hunter of Horizon’s Edge.

If Lone Hunter made Jake the king of soloing, this skill made him everyone’s favorite party member. Reading through the skill, the benefits were pretty damn good. Giving everyone a lesser version of Big Game Hunter meant they would just be straight-up stronger when facing opponents above their level while also providing them the passive presence resistance.

Then there was the fact it would help Jake build Hunting Momentum by just having his party members land hits. That in itself was pretty damn great. The biggest risk with Relentless Hunt had always been that he wouldn’t be able to accumulate as much Hunting Momentum when he had to take hits during fights. However, with this skill, he could just outsource building his momentum to his party members. Especially seeing as it didn’t mention him losing anything if they got hit.

Finally, the greatest part of this skill was allowing others to benefit from Hunter’s Mark. Not just because of all the extra damage it would add to everyone’s damage but because of an aspect of the skill he was certain would make him a top-rated party member: Increased experience gained.

This part of the skill wasn’t one Jake really thought about much, as he always just marked targets, but he was certain others would be more than happy to get some extra experience. While Jake wasn’t sure how much of an increase Hunter’s Mark even gave, this was the kind of concept that could only be found in system-granted skills and considered pretty rare.

Considering the skill more deeply, it wasn’t difficult to imagine the fighting style this skill catered to. It was one where Jake stood back and attacked without ever getting hit, thus never losing any Hunting Momentum. He would be the director of the battle, firing the occasional powerful blow with all the Hunting Momentum he constantly built up until, finally, the prey was dead. At which point, everyone would get more experience because the target had a Hunter’s Mark and come pat their awesome Huntmaster on the back for another successful hunt.

Like the Lone Hunter skill, this one didn’t have any downsides either, and it wasn’t like it would make him incapable of solo hunting. Just better when doing it with a group. The only real negative to picking it was that he couldn’t also pick Lone Hunter. Well, Lone Hunter or any of the other solid options he had been offered, but Lone Hunter would be permanently unavailable.

Having gone over both Lone Hunter and Huntmaster, he had to admit that on the surface, from a more objective perspective, Huntmaster was probably the better skill. At least, if he was asked which one of them was closest to being a mythical rarity skill, he would say Huntmaster. Both of them were awesome, though, and almost seemed like mini-classes or something.

Perhaps this assessment wasn’t entirely incorrect either… because Jake had a feeling this decision would prove quite important for his Path. Their mutual exclusivity outlined this as a choice about what kind of hunter Jake wanted to be. It even pretty much said so with:

“As you walk down the Path of a Huntmaster/Lone Hunter, more benefits may follow.”

Jake couldn’t help but wonder… perhaps this choice had even been triggered by Jake kind of sending mixed messages about his own Path.

After the system arrived, Jake had primarily been a solo hunter. He was alone during the Tutorial, quickly abandoning his former colleagues. After returning to Earth, he kept hunting alone, only briefly teaming up with Hawkie for some flight lessons and elemental hunting. Outside of that, he was pretty much on his own all throughout E-grade.

D-grade wasn’t that much different. Sure, Jake did a dungeon with Draskil and the others from the Order, but that was, again, only a brief interlude. All his greatest achievements in combat had been him fighting alone.

However, here in C-grade, things had been very different. He had done Nevermore with a party of five, and now this Prima Guardian event with a large group. He hadn’t faced any strong opponents alone for a long time outside of a bit within some Challenge Dungeons. Nearly all his big fights in C-grade had been with a group: Minaga, the Twinhead Emperor, and the Prima Guardian. For solo fights, the only big one was Valdemar in the Colosseum, and that one had been under very odd circumstances, and he didn’t even have his class during the fight.

Really thinking about everything, it wouldn’t be wrong to say Jake was acting more like a Huntmaster rather than a Lone Hunter recently, and if he recalled the last few decades of his life, Huntmaster would definitely have been the most useful of the two. This wasn’t a skill about the past, though.

It was about the kind of hunter Jake wanted to be in the future… and could Jake really know what the future would bring? Because while he could definitely see himself embracing the life of a Lone Hunter, he could also see himself adventuring plenty with Sylphie, Carmen, the Sword Saint, and all the others.

Of course, there was also another option: to not pick either of these two but just go with one of the two other legendary skills Jake had been offered. To simply not lock him into any kind of Path in the future and perhaps get offered a version of the skill that was a mix between Huntmaster and Lone Hunter, though he had a feeling that wasn’t gonna happen, as the trade-off with these skills seemed to be that he had to pick one or the other.

Honestly, out of every class skill selection, this was perhaps the hardest. But Jake had to make a choice, and the question now was… what skill should he pick? Because he low-key wanted all of them… well, alright, he could be reasonable and not too greedy. Just getting four of them was also an acceptable outcome, as two were mutually exclusive.

Alas, he was forced to choose, and he could only be happy that he had plenty of time to decide, with Sandy still nowhere to be seen.




***
Chapter 941: Most Challenging Skill Selection Yet


***






Jake had never been a massive fan of fully committing to something, especially not if that decision would have permanent consequences. At least, he wasn’t when it came to defining his Path. He still felt as if he was barely getting started exploring the system and his Path despite having spent well over a century with the system, if one counted time dilation.

He did commit sometimes. Arcane Supremacy had been a big commitment and ”locked” him into his arcane affinity for good. There was no going back from that one, with his body permanently altered to better fit his affinity while making any other weaker in combat. However, that one didn’t feel like that big of a commitment. Jake’s arcane affinity was his affinity, so it was just confirming it did indeed belong to him and was optimal for his Path.

This entire skill selection felt different, though. Outside of the two first skills – Disruptive Arrow of Arcane Shadows and Stealth Attack of the Unseen Arcane Hunter – the other three were very much permanent decisions. Even the Gluttunous Fangs skill was a very permanent decision.

Passive skills tended to be, and the curse skill had a whole bunch of passive effects. It would link Jake far more closely with the Sin Curse that made up Eternal Hunger, and while it wasn’t quite an attunement skill, it would tie Eternal Hunger and the Path of curses even more closely to Jake… and he still wasn’t completely certain he wanted that.

Sure, Jake did want to use curses, but he didn’t want it to be too big of a part of his Path. He still wanted to primarily be an arcane hunter first and foremost. There was also the fact that Gluttunous Fangs of Eternal Hunger only worked on melee weapons and melee attacks.

Jake had made considerations about integrating Eternal Hunger into ranged combat for a while. More accurately, he had considered if he could use the mythical weapon in conjunction with Protean Arrow. If he could design an arrow using Eternal Hunger as its base, shooting it more like a spear. Seeing as he could always retrieve the weapon as it was bound to his soul, this idea was quite appealing, even if there were still a few snags.

Nothing said the skill would mess up that plan. In fact, it was even possible that Gluttunous Fangs would make this idea even better, but Jake was still a bit doubtful. Honestly, a lot of what made Jake apprehensive about this skill was pure speculation… and the fact that he kind of liked Lone Hunter and Huntmaster more simply because of the future potential he saw in both of them.

Also, both had ”hunter” in the name… alright, one had Huntmaster, but a Huntmaster was also a kind of hunter, so it counted. They were also both related to his class, so that was an extra bonus point, once more due to the future potential. He could see this choice unlocking another greater one once he reached level 320, where he would get the final skill selection of C-grade… and the final skill selections tended to have an extra good skill. For reference, E-grade he got Arrow of the Ambitious Hunter – now Protean Arrow - and in D-grade, he got Relentless Hunt and the entire concept of Hunting Momentum.

Who knows, chances are it would even help define his B-grade class evolution, making him lean further into either the Path of a Huntmaster or a Lone Hunter.

The big question was… which one fit Jake better? Going by recent happenings, Huntmaster probably did. It also had a lot of pros. As mentioned, Jake believed it was a slightly higher rarity skill than Lone Hunter, thus making it closer to mythical. In a fight like the Prima Guardian he had just gone through, it would definitely have been great with no real downsides. All it would have done was make everyone else a little bit stronger and help Jake build up some Hunting Momentum for a few more big arrows.

Not to say Lone Hunter wouldn’t have been helpful. Here, in the final parts of the fight in space, it would probably have worked, right? Seeing as he was alone, that is. This also raised some questions about when Jake was truly ”alone” or fighting with others, but knowing the system, it tended to be pretty smart about things like that, such as how Big Game Hunter worked even before Jake technically entered a fight with a more powerful foe, simply due to his intent to attack. So there was a good chance Lone Hunter would work as long as Jake ”felt” as if he was fighting alone.

That was actually one of the big differences between the two: Jake getting stronger. Huntmaster didn’t buff Jake at all; it only made everyone else stronger. Meanwhile, Lone Hunter only worked on Jake… and Jake guessed it would work quite well.

All the effects of Lone Hunter were great. It buffed his stealth skills passively, made his Relentless Hunter better, and even gave him more stats from Big Game Hunter. It was just a straight-up buff when fighting alone.

Huntmaster relied on other people and only ever worked when he was with others. The buffs it gave them were great and numerous, but, in general, Jake wasn’t a huge fan of relying on other people, even if he had a lot of reliable ones around him.

But… could Jake guarantee they would actually fight alongside him? The only reason everyone had been here for the Prima Guardian was because of the system event. What would happen after the event was over? Could he seriously expect a full party to just stick around and level with him? And level with him when he wanted to go hunting? There would definitely have to go a whole lot of scheduling and planning into making it work…

Everyone simply had their own things to deal with and their own Paths.

Finally… Jake couldn’t help but remember a conversation he had with the Viper a long time ago. He had always described the Path to godhood as a lonely one. Even if Jake could assume others were willing to walk alongside him for Huntmaster, would they be able to? Right now, they were still only C-grade, and while he didn’t doubt most of the people on Earth he usually fought alongside could reach B-grade, he wasn’t really that certain how long they could keep going.

Nor how fast they would be.

One of the reasons they had all kind of kept pace for now was due to the peculiar circumstances of a new universe getting integrated. The sheer flood of Records allowed everyone to level a fair deal, but as the system events slowed down and everyone began to do their own things, it wasn’t hard to imagine their leveling paces would also start to differentiate significantly.

Not to mention that they all had their own matters to deal with. The Fallen King had to manage those who served him, and Jake didn’t doubt he wanted to expand his influence. Caleb was a Judge in the Court of Shadows and had their family to take care of, while Carmen was a Runemaiden of Valhal. Even if she decided to fight in a group, it wouldn’t be with him but with others from Valhal.

Casper was the same, belonging to the Risen. All the humans he knew belonged somewhere, except maybe the Sword Saint, but Jake was fully aware he and the old man couldn’t be attached to the hip all of their lives. He had his own Path to travel as he pursued the peak of swordsmanship.

So… who could Jake even have in this Huntin Party on a consistent basis? Sylphie, perhaps? Sandy wasn’t a fighter and didn’t count, and Vesperia would definitely not be out running after Jake and hunting. She was a True Royal Hive Queen, and even participating directly in a fight against the Prima Guardian was a big deal.

Finally… there was one big reason why Huntmaster made him hesitate: Jake genuinely preferred to fight alone.

Not just because he was a selfish asshole who didn’t want other people around him but because he didn’t like the loss of control when other people got involved. Jake felt like he could ensure his own safety and the flow of the battle for the most part. When others got involved… not so much.

He always had to split a part of his focus to watch out for his allies. When Jake saw Vesperia nearly have her entire head crushed by the Prima Guardian, his heart skipped a beat. When Sylphie was about to get crushed by the Twinhead Emperor, Jake couldn’t even think clearly. He knew that they were both strong in their own right, but he also knew that he was stronger than both of them… and if Jake wanted to truly push himself, he would have to fight more challenging and formidable foes in the future. He wasn’t even sure he wanted to drag Sylphie or Vesperia around for things like that if it was an option.

Because… no matter how reliable others could be, they would never be able to measure up Jake’s trust in his own abilities. He could always rely on himself, no matter the situation. He was the only person Jake could one-hundred percent always rely on and the only person who never had any scheduling conflicts for when hunting would be a good time.

Jake also couldn’t be forced into a situation where he couldn’t rely on himself either, while it was more than possible someone like Ell’Hakan could isolate Jake from his allies. If that happened and he had Huntmaster… yeah, that would suck. Not to mention, Jake doubted Ell’Hakan or anyone like that would even try to fight Jake unless they could ensure they would fight him alone under favorable circumstances.

As Jake was still wracking his brain, he got a message through the Golden Mark.

”The cosmic worm will be arriving at your location in around fifteen minutes,” the Fallen King informed him.

Hearing the King gave Jake an idea, as he asked. ”Alright, thanks. Say, what do you plan on doing after dealing with all of the Prima Guardians and the event concludes?”

”That is an odd question that came out of nowhere… but if you wish to know, then I shall seek a way to separate myself from you in earnest. My soul remains tethered to yours, but I have been researching methods to sever that connection for good to fully reclaim my life as my own,” the Fallen King answered honestly.

”A good goal,” Jake genuinely agreed. He kind of forgot they were connected most of the time, and he didn’t want to lose his cool mask… but he also didn’t want to keep the Fallen King tied to him against the Unique Lifeform’s will. ”Let’s assume you succeed. Would you ever be interested in going hunting together?”

”Knowing you and what hunting entails, no. I do not see the purpose in taking tremendous risks and facing more powerful foes than myself repeatedly,” the King answered, seemingly not even taking his question that seriously.

”Alright,” Jake said, as he decided to quickly reach out to some of the others. Before he made his decision he at least wanted to probe what kind of response he would get if he did end up with Huntmaster. The message he sent didn’t explain what kind of skill he had been offered but just asked in general if people wanted to form a hypothetical ”hunting party” with him, and the responses were kind of predictable.

”Not gonna say no to a bit of adventuring once in a while if I got the time, but to make an entire thing out of it? Nah, no thanks,” Carmen answered casually.

”Go hunting with you on a consistent basis? My boss and my wife would both kill me. Even if they don’t, the paperwork when I return from an adventurer definitely would,” Caleb shut the idea down.

”While I would love the occasional excursion with Sire, I would find it difficult to commit to anything… and do be aware that should we go hunting outside of the ninety-third universe, or should the universe open up, I do have protectors assigned to me while outside the Heartlands,” Vesperia also made it clear she wouldn’t be able to hunt much and would be a sucky hunting partner as Jake didn’t want a bunch of hidden gods keeping watch at all times. It would ruin the experience and the Records of it all.

”I don’t need you to be a third wheel during my leveling… it’s pretty much the only time me and Lyra can just be the two of us,” Casper also shut Jake down, preferring dates with his ghost girlfriend.

”Ree, ree, ree,” Sylphie explained, being the most agreeable of everyone… though even she had the ”sometimes” part. Apparently, Stormild had actually been a useful Patron and given Sylphie some advice to strike out on her own more and explore herself and not be shackled down. That, as a part-elemental of the wind affinity, her Path was one of freedom and impulsivity, and she should take the time to just be her flighty self and let the wind take her wherever it blows. Doing anything else could hurt her Records… something Jake definitely didn’t want to risk doing.

However, out of everyone, the one who seemed to understand the most what Jake was asking and what he meant with his question was the Sword Saint, who also gave the longest answer.

”Rather than merely giving you a yes or a no, let me explain a bit about my own approach to this topic. Hunting with others isn’t something I do out of personal preference but out of necessity or when it’s proven the superior option. If given the choice, I would face all fights on my lonesome. This is not because i dislike fighting with you, but because of the Path I walk. Fighting alongside others makes you adopt certain habits, and I fear that I may develop a form of swordsmanship reliant on others… which could prove fatal when I find myself alone. Also, I initially picked up the sword for sport and to duel with others. I prefer a good bout against a single foe to see who is superior, not who can overwhelm the other with numbers first.”

Jake listened as the old man shared his thought process on the matter quite in-depth, likely seeing the true reason why Jake asked what he asked.

”I have been on the battlefield many times, but before and after the system arrived. Having comrades you can trust fully is a beautiful thing… but I also know the pain of losing those comrades. Even if you trust them, that doesn’t make them fully reliable, and should they fall, you are back to relying on yourself once more. What I’m saying is I wouldn’t make any decisions that rely on the whims or abilities of others. I have skipped skills that would have helped us fight as a group for more selfish options, as, ultimately, I’m selfish. And I know that so are you. A certain egotistical mindset is required to try and reach the lofty goals we both aspire toward, and I’m not even going into how big egos tend to clash. Let me finish rambling and just say I would recommend that you embrace your selfishness… assuming it doesn’t mean you are no longer able to fight alongside others when the preferred option. Limiting yourself also doesn’t sound like a smart choice, but choosing your own Path is naturally entirely up to you. I just shared my own selfish desire to not lose a valuable – occasional – comrade in arms.”

Much of what the Sword Saint said echoed Jake’s own thoughts, and while he didn’t say it directly, he also made it pretty clear he wouldn’t be a member of Jake’s hunting party. It did validate quite a few of Jake’s thoughts and confirm his doubt if being a Huntmaster was even a viable Path for him.

Jake could see it work way better for weaker people. The problem was all the peers of Jake were supremely talented individuals themselves. Would they even be willing to effectively work under a Huntmaster? Jake knew he wouldn’t…

If Jake was weaker, he could more easily find people to join his Hunting Party. Jake didn’t think that this Hunting Party was a permanent thing, but one where he could switch out members or even the entire party for every hunt. If it was possible to recruit just ten regular elites for this, it would be far more valuable, but for Jake, it would just end up being him effectively running a boosting service.

Yeah… it wasn’t that Huntmaster was bad, but that it didn’t really work properly. To put it simply, Jake was too strong to try and assemble a proper Hunting Party:

Better to just become a one-man hunting party instead.

He didn’t ask Arnold about his opinion as the scientist didn’t have a Golden Mark, but Jake also knew there was no reason to. Even if he had the choice, Jake didn’t want to go hunting with Arnold. The dude would probably turn everything into an experiment or never actually go himself, but just send different test robots or some shit. No, best to keep him as Jake’s favorite crafter buddy.

Maria also wasn’t asked, simply because Jake didn’t really want to form a hunting party with her either. Firstly, they were both archers and secondly, because of what Jake had just gone over: She just wasn’t strong enough. Oh, and third, he didn’t really know or trust her that much. Eron was also in the camp of people he didn’t really know and trust well enough to be a hunting partner. Jake was also sure he would say no.

Sighing, Jake kept staring at the five skill option in front of him. This was definitely the most excruciating skill selection he ever had, and he low-key wanted all of them. The thought of not picking Lone Hunter or Huntmaster also struck him, as it was possible to wait and see if he could get a ”merged” version of the two down the line… but that would cut him off from any potential skills picking it now could unlock when he reached level 320.

Also, nothing said he couldn’t upgrade Lone Hunter to still have some effect while fighting in a group. The fact that it didn’t have any drawbacks meant that it likely wouldn’t develop any either… and if it did, he could just choose not to go down that Path.

Jake had always been strongest when alone… and in the end, he ended up doubling down on that to become even stronger as a Lone Hunter. He genuinely believed it was the best choice for him.

Besides, he doubted it would have been easy to find anyone willing to go on a hunting spree for gods while still a mortal.

Right as he felt Sandy approach, Jake finally made the most challenging skill choice he had to so far as he picked Lone Hunter.

Skill Gained: [Lone Hunter of Horizon’s Edge (Legendary)] – Hunting is a lonely endeavor, yet one best enjoyed alone, as there is only the hunter and his prey. As a Lone Hunter, you prefer the solitude found in a good hunt, and you specialize in facing your prey alone. Allows the hunter to gain certain benefits when hunting alone, but will have no effect if you work alongside others. Significantly increases all bonuses granted by your Big Game Hunter skill when hunting alone. When Lone Hunter of Horizon’s Edge is active, all stealth-related skills are more effective. When hunting alone, Hunting Momentum is accumulated from Relentless Hunt of the Avaricious Arcane Hunter far faster, and less is lost when the hunter takes damage. As you walk down the Path of a Lone Hunter, more benefits may follow. Increases all experience gained from successful lone hunts. May you strike fear into the hearts of all who find themselves marked as the prey of the Lone Hunter of Horizon’s Edge.




***
Chapter 942: Within the Prima Vessel


***






Likely due to the passive nature of the Lone Hunter, Jake didnt really feel anything different after getting it. He considered testing out the one aspect he could right now, namely the improved effectiveness of stealth, but he reckoned there would come a better time after returning to Earth. Right now, all it could potentially do was make it harder for Sandy to find him. Besides, there would definitely be many chances for Lone Huntering around during what was to come with the Prima Guardian Alliance.

As Jake had felt, Sandy appeared not long after, popping out of what looked like a hole in space. Jake regarded the worm, and once more, he could only be happy to have a living spaceship available. If not, it would have taken annoyingly long to fly back to Earth, especially with his Wings of the Malefic Viper unavailable.

”Couldn’t even have begun flying to meet me halfway?” the giant space worm asked in an admonishing tone.

”Shouldn’t expect an injured patient to move around too much,” Jake responded.

”Always with the excuses… now get in here,” Sandy said while opening their maw. Jake felt the suction and didn’t resist as he was eaten.

He appeared in a pretty familiar-looking room as he raised his eyebrows. ”You made a new alchemy lab for me?”

”I didn’t make it; the people at the Order did. Try not to make me break everything again by making me face another B-grade, alright?” Sandy said semi-jokingly.

”Now that you mentioned it, we could check out what’s going on with Mars…” Jake said, for a split second seriously considering it, before shaking his head. ”Next time, that is. For now, let’s get back to Earth. Good suggestion, though, maybe there’s also a few B-grades on other planets.”

”Sure, sure, let’s also go see some of the solar systems closer to the core of the galaxy! Maybe we can even find a few A- or even an S-grade or two there! Great thinking, Jake!” Sandy said, not super receptive to Jake’s great suggestion.

”That definitely does sound like something we should do down the line! Imagine what kind of treasures they’re hiding; it’s gonna be awesome!” Jake kept the gag going… though he not joking at all. But, again, all of that was for later.

Nothing in his Lone Hunter skill said anything about using a taxi service either, and seeing as Sandy wasn’t a fighter at all, Jake believed it should be possible to have Lone Hunter be active even while traveling with the worm. It was not like Sandy would ever get involved in any kind of fighting if the worm could avoid it.

Sandy didn’t give any response but was too busy entering subspace, or Sandy’s Sand World, as they called it, to speed up their return trip. Jake got the hint and entered meditation to try and fully recover by the time they got back. He had already healed a fair deal during his skill evaluation time, but he was far from in top form.

The space voyage ended up being relatively uneventful, taking only about four hours in total, Sandy having gotten even faster since their moon journey despite literally dying. Jake healed up as well as he could during this time, with the only communication happening during this time being Miranda sending him updates about how everything was going and the Fallen King asking once when Jake and Sandy would be back.

Jake learned from Miranda that things were going pretty damn well. It was just a cleanup of Primas, with everyone able to assist in killing the many enemy monsters doing their utmost. Earth did still take quite a few losses, but not a single person Jake knew the name of died.

After Eron had dealt with healing the strike team, he began to help kill regular Primas, with others also following suit when able. Miranda even praised William a fair deal, calling him a ”valuable asset,” with Jake not socially inept enough to not know what she meant by that.

She wanted to make use of William. Even if Jake didn’t like him, he could recognize William could be of great assistance in certain matters. Karma mages were one of the rarest types of mages around, primarily because learning about karmic magic without a teacher was incredibly difficult, and it was easy to form wrong conclusions that could make you screwed down the line. Shit, Jake would probably suck quite a bit at karma magic due to his overly simplistic view of karma. Even if it wasn’t inaccurate, he just viewed karma as some kind of connection between people and other people or things. This wasn’t wrong… but too simplistic to work with to achieve anything substantial. So, to conclude, karmic magic wasn’t anything Jake wanted to learn about actively.

William, on the other hand, had learned the Legacy of Eversmile, the foremost expert in karmic magic in the entire multiverse. Eversmile hadn’t taught him anything fake either, but his genuine Legacy. From what Jake understood, William was even pretty damn talented in karmic magic. In fact, he seemed pretty talented in all forms of magic and mana manipulation as a whole. He truly was a genius in his own right… but that didn’t mean Jake liked him.

Perhaps he could tolerate him, though. If Miranda wanted to make use of the mage, Jake could at least put his personal feelings aside as long as he didn’t have to play too nice with the guy. He also knew that Casper had steered very clear of William for a good reason, as he was partly responsible for Casper having a ghost girlfriend and not a regular living girlfriend.

Actually… Casper wouldn’t even have become a Risen if not for William, would he? He also wasn’t sure if Jacob would have ever become an Augur. Who knows… the gods were clearly playing quite a few games during the Tutorial, and Jake really didn’t want to uselessly dwell on the past. Suffice it to say, what William had done hadn’t made him the most popular of sorts, but if someone like Casper could resist killing the guy on sight, so could Jake allow Miranda to make use of him.

And, no, Jake wasn’t afraid of William taking advantage of Miranda or messing with her using karmic magic. He had personally seen all the damn magic she constantly deployed to defend herself, especially against any form of mental influence, and there was no way William could get through that. If he did manage to, Jake also felt confident he or someone else would notice. Finally… William could be bold, yes, but Jake really hoped he wasn’t dumb enough to start shit, or they could have a repeat of the Tutorial, and this time there would be no Eversmile with a Golden Leaf of Yggdrasil.

These were just some of the things Jake considered on the way back, as he honestly didn’t have anything better to do while recovering. Once they broke through the final layer of clouds, and he could fully see the desert below, he returned his attention to the outside world and the huge metal egg-shaped thing still nested within its crater.

He could see a bit of fighting still taking far away at a few of the defensive sections, but the Primas really were just about wiped out. At the Prima Vessel, he saw the strike team gathered once more, most of them never having left as they were recovering. Even if they had healed their bodies, prolonged use of boosting skills really wasn’t healthy.

”Sandy Express arriving at Prima Vessel Station now. All passengers, please depart now or be thrown out forcefully and get a mouthful of sand,” Sandy said in a very professional tone as Jake felt the space around his body quiver a bit.

Not resisting, Jake was spit out as he appeared floating a bit above the sand, not far from the rest of the strike team. Oh, and by the rest of the strike team, Jake only meant those who didn’t have to disengage. Maria and Casper were still nowhere to be seen, likely recovering on their own somewhere else. Arnold was back with the group, though, and he looked quite curious to see what was going on with the Prima Vessel.

This book is hosted on another platform. Read the official version and support the author's work.

Jacob had also appeared. It wasn’t like he was of much help in the cleanup battle anyway, but he wanted to be there for this Prima Vessel exploration. Jake could perhaps have said no and rejected him, but he didn’t care enough to. The more the merrier to check out what was up with the giant egg-like metal meteor.

”About bloody time,” Carmen said when she saw Jake had returned. ”Just how far up did you chase that damn chimera?”

”Quite far, obviously,” Jake answered with a smile. ”My escape skill has been put on a ridiculously long cooldown, that’s for sure.”

”Stop delaying and get us into the Prima Vessel already,” the Fallen King said, having no patience for chit-chat.

Jake had already spotted the new opening, which had a white barrier blocking it. Not even Jake could see through it, but when he laid eyes on it, he faintly felt a response from the key imprinted on the back of his hand.

”Alright, alright,” Jake said as he floated up, the others naturally following along curiously, with Sandy deciding this wasn’t anything they bothered to get involved in as the worm took off once more. Reaching the barrier, Jake simply reached out, and the moment he touched it with the hand holding the key, it disappeared, leaving an opening about three meters wide and four meters tall. It led straight into a hallway, and to Jake’s surprise, there was no spatial expansion going on.

He did notice whatever was there had been ”generated” by the system after the Prima Guardian had died, as the entire section of the Prima Vessel he now saw hadn’t been present before.

Entering the hallway, the others followed as Jake kept a lookout for traps, but he didn’t feel anything dangerous anywhere. The hallway led to a cross-section not soon after, with a room to each side and one straight ahead. Two of the rooms were blocked by barriers, each with the same key symbol as the one on Jake’s hand. The last one had both Jake’s key symbol and a number that currently displayed ”31” before dropping to ”30” while they were looking. Jake quickly guessed this was the number of surviving Primas and that this one would only open after the last one was dead. What lay beyond this barrier was quite interesting, too, because there wasn’t anything on the other side.

Not as in there being a big empty room, but that the entire space just didn’t exist. It looked like the inside of a lockbox that hadn’t been opened yet… making Jake guess this room could effectively be a giant lockbox. That was pretty exciting to think about, but he was more interested in the two other rooms first. The room off to the other side had what looked like teleportation platforms within, and Jake was very curious to discover where they led.

The first room he chose to enter was the one straight ahead, though. Because Jake could see what that was before he even opened the barrier: a control room.

Holding up his hand with the seal on it, the barrier quickly melded away as Jake and the others entered.

”The interior is reminiscent of the Seat of the Exalted Prima,” the Sword Saint commented, everyone nodding in agreement.

There was definitely a high magical tech vibe to the entire place. The silvery surfaces definitely helped set the mood, and as Jake approached what he assumed to be the main console, he saw what looked like a steel ball half-inserted into the dashboard. It reminded him of an old upside-down ball mouse.

”Pretty sure you’re the only one who can operate stuff,” Carmen said after she had haphazardly tried to press down on the surface of the dashboard several times.

”Very likely,” Jake nodded as he reached out and touched the embedded steel ball. The second his hand laid upon it, the entire control room came to life, and a giant screen appeared in front of them all, showing a massive map of something quite familiar.

”The Milky Way Galaxy,” Arnold noted as small flag-like markers began appearing all over the map. ”And these markers appear to show planets certain planets.”

Jake counted thousands of markers in total and noted how they all had three different colors. One color was red, which was displayed on most planets. Another was blue, which was showing on hundreds of others. Finally, there were green flags… three in total.

Focusing on the different colors, Jake quickly came to know that the red flags marked planets with an ongoing Prima Guardian conflict, but only those not part of the alliance. The blue markers were all the planets part of the alliance also with unkilled Prima Guardians, while finally, the green markers were the planets that had killed their Prima Guardian.

”Three planets have managed to take down their Prima Guardian?” Jake questioned out loud. ”One of them is us, I bet Ell’Hakan is another… but who is the third one?”

No one said anything, seemingly as puzzled as Jake. He had nearly expected Vesperia to speak up that it was some insect hive or that Arnold would jump in and inform him it was another follower of some Void God, but nope, no one seemed to know.

There was also one other big question…

”If three planets cleared the Prima Guardian already, who did it first?” Caleb questioned.

”It should be us, right?” Carmen said, sounding pretty sure.

”Very likely,” Arnold weighed in. ”Even if we were not, I’m uncertain as to its significance if we were first. The Prima Guardian we killed was an outlier and likely the only one of its kind, so in some ways, it can assumed we would have gotten the first kill on our kind of Prima Guardian no matter how long it would have taken us.”

”Dwelling on it is useless,” the Fallen King added as he regarded Jake. ”What more are you capable of doing with this Prima Vessel?”

”Good question,” Jake said as he placed his hand back on the metal ball again. He connected to the Prima Vessel more than before, and quickly, information entered his mind. He saw an interior map of the entire Prima Vessel and what it could do… which wasn’t a super lot. But it did have some functions, one of which he wanted to try pretty quickly.

”Hang on, people,” Jake said, and without any warning, activated the teleportation function.

Turns out there was no reason for Jake to tell anyone to hang on, as no one inside the Prima Vessel felt a thing, as from the outside, the entire metal egg teleported away in the blink of an eye… to reappear again deep beneath the surface of the planet.

”What did you do?” Caleb asked.

”Teleported us close to the Planetary Pylon,” Jake commented. ”We’re right now at the core of the planet.”

”… I assume you can teleport us back again?” the Sword Saint asked with a raised eyebrow.

Jake just smiled and changed the topic, as the teleportation feature was entirely gone from the options he had available. ”Oh, look at that on the map!”

He had activated some more features as information began to appear around the blue flags – the planets part of the Prima Guardian Alliance. It provided some basic information about the planet, such as its general core affinities and whatnot, and Jake saw quite a mix. Some planets had overwhelming water affinity, others were planets of rock and magma, while one was primarily wind affinity… yeah, they should definitely try to send Sylphie there to have some fun.

Jake’s plan had been to distract everyone from the fact he may have fucked up with the teleport, and it had worked wonders, as Jake had even forgotten his own fuck-up as he noticed something else.

Right around the center of the galaxy, in an area dense with countless stars, there weren’t any planets with flags showing Prima Guardians despite the density of stars, but a new marker appeared when Jake activated a function. A larger-than-average golden flag popped up, marking not the location of any Prima Guardian… but perhaps what this entire system event was all leading up to.

The Seat of the Eternal Prima.

And when Jake focused on it even more… he made a new screen pop up for them all to see.

Seat of the Exalted Prima

This marks the location of the Seat of the Exalted Prima within the Milky Way Galaxy. Currently, the Seat is being controlled and taken care of by a temporary administrator while the Administrator Selection is in progress. Should an individual be named the new Administrator of the Seat of the Exalted Prima, they will gain full control of it and be one step closer to controlling the true World Wonder known as the [Redacted].

Performance during this Prima Guardian event will heavily impact the rankings of all Administrator Candidates. Given a sufficiently satisfactory performance, full graduation to Administrator during this event is possible.

They all read this, as nothing was really surprising there. They had always known that the Seat of the Exalted Prima was just one part of what was some great World Wonder. A branch of sorts. Still… taking control of it was an interesting prospect, and Jake was sure Miranda would be more than happy to have Jake unload all responsibility on her if he did end up taking control of it.

”What can the Seat even do if you take control of it?” Carmen questioned. ”Maybe something to do with that Myriad Paths event we did there?”

”Perhaps,” Jake shrugged, truly not knowing. Nor did he care. ”This isn’t really as much about me wanting to take control of it, but to make sure someone like Ell’Hakan doesn’t.”

”Fair,” Carmen shrugged. ”Can you see the rankings anywhere?”

”Let me see… oh, here we go,” Jake said as he made a ranking pop up over the golden flag, displaying three names.

Current Administrator Candidate Rankings (subject to change):

1: Jake Thayne

2: Ell’Hakan

3: I

Seeing himself at the top over Ell’Hakan was nice… but…

”Who the fuck is called I?” Jake questioned, confused… though he had a strong feeling he would come to learn who – or what – they were during this event.




***
Chapter 943: Planetary Pylon


***






”This makes little sense,” the Sword Saint frowned. ”The Milky Way is only that big, how could a third being roughly on the level of you and Ell’Hakan have appeared?”

Jake could only remain silent, as he truly had no idea. This made the old man sigh as he continued. ”If it was someone from Earth or related to us, it would make more sense… do you think this individual may have some kind of connection to Ell’Hakan?”

”No way to know,” Jake shrugged. ”But I somehow doubt it. Either way, chances are we will end up meeting this person at some point, and we can learn the details then. If it’s another enemy, fine. If it’s an ally, even better. For now, who cares? I think we got plenty of other matters to deal with.”

The Fallen King looked at Jake, who expected what he was about to say to be about this ”I” individual, but instead, he reminded Jake of something quite important.

”Seeing as we’re now close to the Planetary Pylon, perhaps going to claim it would be an idea? Possibly, there are bonuses to doing that first,” he reminded Jake.

”Oh, fuck,” Jake realized. ”Be right back.”

With those words, Jake stormed back down the hallway to exit the Prima Vessel, leaving the rest to enjoy staring at the pretty map of the galaxy. It was finally time to lay claim to his planet for good.

Ell’Hakan clenched his newly regenerated fist, recognizing that the Prima Guardian had been more powerful than expected. In the end, he even had to give up one of his arms to strike it down for good. The losses they had taken also weren’t insignificant, and the Chosen had to recognize that these ”helpers” he had chosen left much to be desired. At times, he regretted getting rid of the Ashen Devourer, but he also knew that keeping the Unique Lifeform under control wouldn’t have been feasible.

Nevertheless, this hadn’t been something Ell’Hakan couldn’t handle with his most trusted aides, and he made sure all who died were those he didn’t view as essential. It did help a good amount to have the powerful ”champions” of other planets die, as they would make them more reliant on Ell’Hakan going forward, but he also couldn’t overdo it. No, ultimately, it was far better to simply turn those champions into his own aides.

The Prima Guardian they faced had been an odd creature. It was some form of chimera that, after a bit of fighting, had morphed and transformed into a creature reminiscent of a large stone elemental, just with a bit of the stone replaced by biological parts. With its level at 345, it had nearly reached peak C-grade, far above what most of the people present could handle.

Its primary abilities seemed to have been to absorb all forms of energy attacks thrown at it while at the same time taking in the atmospheric mana and using that to create an optimal form for itself. An interesting and tricky opponent, for sure.

The assistance of the many regular Primas had naturally also been a problem, but they’d handled it pretty well. Sure, a few tens of thousands had died, but they were all from the more problematic camps. Meanwhile, the ones from the greater factions had done quite splendidly. The armies from the Holy Church, as one example, had done exemplary.

Which perhaps shouldn’t be suprising considering they controlled so many of the planets part of the alliance and were more than willing contributors to his cause. Striking a close relationship had been one of the best decisions Ell’Hakan had made.

With the Prima Guardian slain, he proceeded into the Prima Vessel and headed straight for what he recognized as the control room. A few of his most loyal aides went along with him, studying the Prima Vessel.

Laying his hand on the dashboard, the map of the galaxy appeared. His eyes opened wide, when he saw it display not just the planets part of the alliance, but all of them. Knowing the exact location of a planet held a lot of value… far more than most recognized. Having everyone know where his own homeworld wasn’t particularly pleasant either.

Manipulating the map a bit, he finally had the rankings appear.

His face fell as he stared at the list. The Chosen of the Malefic One being in the first spot on the list to become an Administrator of the Seat of the Exalted Prima was not something he liked to see, but it also wasn’t unexpected. It could be worked with, at the very least.

However… the third individual… someone simply named “I,” a single letter…

Ell’Hakan truly had no idea how that had happened or who it could be. He had no intelligence from his god or any of the other gods who worked with Yip of Yore either.

Sighing, Ell’Hakan wasn’t a fan of this development.

The situation and event overall were already complicated enough as is, and he didn’t need some other unknown factor to mess things up further.

You have claimed a Planetary Pylon.

By controlling the Pylon, you have claimed ownership over the planet known as Earth. Your aura seeps into the planet itself, marking it as your own. While on your own planet, all energy regeneration is increased. Protect the planet, expand your empire, and walk the Path of Kings. Note that contrary to Pylon’s of Civilization, a Planetary Pylon cannot be taken from you unless you are slain.

Having claimed the Planetary Pylon, so have you claimed every Pylon of Civilization on the planet. All City Lords will remain unaffected unless actions are taken to make it otherwise.

Bonuses to all citizens on your planet:

Increases all experience earned while within the domain by a minor amount for all non-combat-related activities.

Jake stood in front of a large all-black core that looked like it was made out of pure carbon. He had his hand on it, and despite the blistering heat of the Core Room, Jake didn’t feel a thing as an aura expanded from the Planetary Pylon.

If you come across this story on Amazon, it's taken without permission from the author. Report it.

He had finally fully laid claim to Earth, and he felt his energy spread out through the mantle of the planet. Every single part of it was marked as his territory, and Jake faintly felt the slightly increased energy regeneration. It was incredibly minor and didn’t really matter in the grand scheme of things – neither did the extra experience points for doing non-combat stuff – but it was all just good bonuses to get.

These were also the exact same bonuses the Pylon of Civilization gave. In fact, one could view this as Jake having just claimed a Pylon of Civilization that covered the entire planet. It was all his now… or, more accurately, it was all Miranda’s to deal with now.

Having claimed the Pylon, Jake also got a small bonus of his own, though it wasn’t really anything he cared much about.

Congratulations! For being one of the first people to claim a Planetary Pylon in your universe, your nobility title has been upgraded!

Titled Upgraded: [Nobility: Marquess] --> [Nobility: Duke]

[Nobility: Duke] – A noble who has been voted World Leader and finally fully claimed his planet as one of the first in his universe. Allows you to control several Planetary Pylons. Grants access to certain events and opportunities exclusive to nobles. Opens many new paths to power

Now, calling himself a Duke was maybe a bit cool at times, but the title was really wasted on Jake. He was perhaps one of the people in the multiverse who made the least use of his nobility title, as he’d actively avoided ever picking any skills or classes reliant on or using his nobility status. But it wasn’t like having a high nobility title had any downsides, so Jake didn’t really care.

Scanning the core room that now had a big metal egg sitting in it right beneath the core, Jake couldn’t help but admire the size of the place. It was a huge circular cavern surrounded by magma and rocks. A few streams of lava floated as if there was no gravity from the bottom to the top or vice-versa in several areas, and Jake reckoned that the area alone would kill most early-tier C-grades. From ceiling to floor, there had to be nearly a hundred kilometers, and the mana density in the room was quite frankly insane.

Staring at the Planetary Pylon itself, Jake also had to admit that it was quite something… mainly in the sense that it felt so damn dense not even a B-grade could break it easily. The energy it contained was also through the roof. As a Planetary Core, it also had the ability to create new mana, not unlike that of a soul. It was what regulated and created most of the environmental mana on the planet, and in some ways, it was in a feedback loop with the planet itself.

It would absorb the Records of those on the planet, making itself grow. At the same time, it would spread those Records back into the planet, allowing those on it to grow. This effect was very minor, though, and it was generally recognized that there was a slight decay over time. Especially when people left the planet after having absorbed a lot of the Records provided to them.

When it came to pure energy, the Planetary Core was nearly inexhaustible. This was also the reason why Jake was certain Miranda was gonna use it to strengthen Earth’s defenses. Pretty much all barriers that protected planets relied on the Planetary Core to power themselves, as there rarely were any better power sources. While using a Planetary Core to set up a barrier was quite difficult, it was far different if one had a Planetary Pylon.

Quick thing to add here… all Planetary Pylons were Planetary Cores, but not all Planetary Cores were Pylons. This was something Jake had asked Villy about a while back, as Jake wondered why people spoke about some planets with cores and some with Planetary Pylons. It turns out that Planetary Pylons are just transformed Planetary Cores.

In a new universe, the system was behind this transformation, but in the rest of the multiverse, one would never find something like Pylons of Civilization or Planetary Pylons in the wild. They were all created using certain skills and crafting methods. It also took heavy investment to turn a Core into a Pylon, so most factions only bothered with the ”important” planets.

So, yeah, having a Planetary Pylon was just another gift to the newly initiated universe.

”I see you’ve finally claimed the Pylon,” Miranda sent to Jake a few seconds later after he’d taken the Pylon.

”Sure have. I assume you can see it on your end? Is there a lot to deal with?” Jake asked.

”A lot is an understatement. I have just been granted dominion over every single Pylon on the planet, all the statistics that come with that, as well as far more control than I could imagine… I believe I will find myself quite busy in the near future. I hope you didn’t count on me going hunting on other planets for this Prima Guardian Alliance,” Miranda quickly explained.

”Nah, I think you’re good,” Jake answered, shaking his head despite knowing no one was around to see it. ”By the way, do you need me to give you more permissions or something?”

”No, it doesn’t look like it,” Miranda answered. ”Also… I got my nobility title upgraded. You’re now speaking with a Marquis.”

”I see, I see… must be an honor for a lowly Marquis to be allowed to speak with an honorable Duke,” Jake joked.

”Damn, that title is wasted on you… and here I thought I had finally caught up when it came to my nobility title. Gained a few upgrades here and there, such as when we made the World Council. Oh well, I’m at least confident in making it to Queen first, as I’m not even sure where you would get more free upgrades from,” Miranda said, only sounding a little bit frustrated.

”You never know. Maybe I end up taking control of the entire galaxy by accident, turning myself into an emperor,” Jake joked.

”Wouldn’t even be surprised at this point. Anyway, you should look into coming topside once more. The Prima cleanup is finished, and we’re waiting for you and the others to discuss our next plan of action.”

“Alright, see you soon. Now I just gotta figure out a way to do so fast…” Jake muttered as he turned around and flew back toward the Prima Vessel. With the planet claimed, that was one other matter handled. Miranda had also mentioned that the Prima cleanup was just about done… and releasing a Pulse, he saw the inside of the Prima Vessel, including a few people standing in front of the barrier that Jake theorized would contain loot.

Guess it’s finally time to see if this damn event has some proper loot to offer.

The cracked, gray ground stretched out as far as the eye could see. The land was entirely dead, with not a single plant growing anywhere… yet this place was far from empty.

Tens of millions of figures were lying on the ground, their bodies perfectly preserved. Below them all, odd scripture marred the ground, signifying something grand had happened here. Something that had taken the life of every being on the entire planet, as there was no sign of life to be found on the entire celestial body.

The only movements to be seen were the ground dust that floated everywhere, originating not from the corpses of those who had once called the planet home but that which had arrived not long ago.

A large metal egg-like object sat not far away. Its surface was no longer blank and shiny but had an odd, almost rusted color in many places. The creatures that had emerged from this thing were now naught but the dust that made up the atmosphere of this dead world.

Yet, just then, there was movement.

A wizened hand raised itself from the ground as a creature crawled out. Dragging along with it, the giant corpse of what had once been a Prima Guardian began to turn to dust as it held it, a golden key-like symbol glowing on the creature’s hand.

Within seconds, the entire corpse of the Prima Guardian had become dust, and the world turned fully monochrome again.

Congratulations on becoming a potential Administrator Candidate for the Seat of the Exalted Prima.

You do not currently possess a name to display. Please choose your display name (this will also appear on your official status) or choose to remain anonymous.

This notification appeared in front of the creature. Words it couldn’t read but faintly understood.

”I… am… I…” a hoarse voice came out, as the gray dust shuddered before all fell silent once more, and the creature turned its attention toward the giant metal vessel.




***
Chapter 944: Prima Guardian Loot & Teleporter


***






Back in the Prima Vessel, Jake headed straight for where most of the strike team had already gathered. The barrier that had been sealed not only due to the lack of a key but also surviving Primas now only had the key symbol left, signifying every single Prima was indeed dead.

“Good for you to rejoin us,” Caleb said with a smile as he poked the barrier. “Need the Keymaster.”

“Eh, does anyone really care about opening it?” Jake asked casually. “It’s just the loot room. Who has time for the loot room?”

“Just open the damn thing already,” Carmen sighed. “Let’s not act like we’re expecting anything good. The real reward is supposed to come after the system event is fully concluded.”

“Who knows, maybe we get a pleasant surprise,” Jake said as he didn’t delay but walked over and placed a hand on the barrier. The moment he did, it naturally faded away, revealing what looked like a large storeroom. Large and pretty much completely empty.

“Unsurprisingly disappointing,” the Sword Saint said, shaking his head.

“It’s not completely empty,” Jake said as he walked into the room. The walls were lined with shelves that were all empty except for one spot where a shoebox-sized container sat. Jake had naturally seen this box from far away, especially because of what was inside:

More boxes. Lockboxes, to be more accurate. Each of them was a black void inside, meaning no items had spawned yet, which effectively made it into a shoebox-sized loot box for their group.

Opening the box in front of all the others, the conclusion of what the reward would be was pretty obvious.

“Rings for everyone, huh?” Carmen commented.

“Three of the boxes are of slightly different size,” Caleb pointed out.

“And one of the ring-sized ones looks different from the rest, and based on the key-symbol… I believe that is the one given to the new owner of the planet,” the Fallen King said, also looking down into the box.

“Well, it only seems fair I get my own special boy reward,” Jake grinned, teasing the others a bit that he would get his own unique reward.

Getting to their loot opening, Jake decided to be nice and let the others go first. Counting the boxes, it nearly lined up perfectly with the people who took part in the strike team. There were even boxes for Maria and Casper, who had to abandon the fight. Jake said it nearly lined up perfectly, because there was one too many, but Eron had a good idea who that belonged to.

“The karmic mage did contribute to the fight, if only by a little,” Eron said. “Perhaps just enough to qualify based on the system’s assessment.”

“I guess,” Jake muttered, not really sure who else it could be.

Without further delay, they opened the first of the “regular” ring boxes, Jake wasn’t sure what he should have expected, but based on the reactions of everyone, the reward definitely excheeded expectations. Even if the item looked a little bit confusing.

[Band of the Exalted Prima Guardian Slayer (Legendary)] – A ring worn by one who has managed to slay not just a Prima Guardian but an Exalted Prima Guardian. The Records of the Exalted Prima Guardian seeps through the ring, granting it powers. This allows you to mimic a part of the Exalted Prima Guardian’s powers, giving you adaptable stats. These stats will apply dependent on your situation and your actions. These stats can exceed the stat cap provided by equipment by up to 5% or 2500 stats, whichever is lowest. Enchantments: +10000 Adaptive Stats. Adaptive Stat Amplication. This ring may be upgraded further at the end of the Prima Guardian event.

Requirements: Slayer of the Exalted Prima Guardian

Jake had never even seen an item like this before. It reminded him a bit of his Altmar Signet, except just way fucking better in every way. From how Jake understood it – and with confirmation from the others soon after – the ring functioned just like regular equipment when it came to giving stats, except the 10000 stats the ring provided didn’t allocate themselves before it was needed.

So, as an example, when Caleb swung his staff while wearing the ring, his Agility, Strength, and Intelligence all increased by quite an amount. The Judge from the Court of Shadows wasn’t fully capped out in stats he could get from equipment, so the adaptive stats capped him out on both Strength and Agility and even gave a bit extra.

The Sword Saint also tried the ring, and Jake was very interested to see how it would work for him. One had to remember that the Sword Saint was always capped out on stats he could receive from equipment while wielding a sword due to one of his skills. Yet when he used the ring, he still benefitted. His Strength, Agility, Perception, Endurance, and Vitality all increased as he swung his sword, all up to the “cap” of the extra 5% above the stat cap he could get.

This was just a few thousand extra stats… and that was for someone who was already capped out on what he could receive from equipment.

Arnold also quickly clarified the ring even worked while crafting, giving stats where relevant. Carmen even decided to go as far as to punch Eron to confirm the ring would grant defensive stats. Something it indeed did in reaction to the attack.

“Isn’t this ring completely overpowered?” Jake muttered in disbelief.

“I’m not sure I would classify it as such… but it certainly is one of the best rings I have seen,” the Sword Saint said. “It’s also not something I think anyone can really craft that easily. The touch of the system is all over it.”

“I think it’s pretty fucking overpowered,” Carmen chimed up in agreement with Jake’s assessment. “Not to mention that last part… it can be upgraded to be even more overpowered at the end of this event.”

“Glad we’re all in agreement regarding its overpoweredness,” Jake said with a smile. He also looked forward more than ever to seeing his own special ring… perhaps it was even better than this. For now, he had to show patience, though.

The three rings belonging to William, Maria, and Casper were all taken by the Sword Saint, who promised to hand them out later. Jake gladly had the old man do it as he really didn’t want to go and give William a cool legendary ring himself.

As for Sylphie, the Fallen King, and Vesperia, they naturally couldn’t get rings on account of them being monsters and unable to use equipment. However, the system hadn’t forgotten them but provided them with three small boxes of their own. Opening them, each contained a small multi-colored bead within, and using Identify, Jake reckoned they were pretty damn valuable.

If you come across this story on Amazon, it's taken without permission from the author. Report it.

[Bead of the Exalted Prima Guardian (Legendary)] – A bead containing some of the power and Records of the Exalted Prima Guardian. This energy is primed to be easily absorbable by any monster and will adapt to suit the one who consumes it perfectly. This item may be upgraded further at the end of the Prima Guardian event.

Requirements: Slayer of the Exalted Prima Guardian

Like with the rings, these beads could also be upgraded at the end of the system event. A bit cruel to force Sylphie to wait with a tasty snack right in front of her, but Jake was sure she could handle it.

He had been a bit worried it wouldn’t really be of any help to Vesperia considering the flood of resources she already got from the Endless Empire, but she seemed incredibly intrigued by the item, and when Jake mentally poked her, he got an expectedly scary answer as to what she planned.

“I believe I could use this item as a catalyst when creating a Hive Queen… though I am unsure if I can create one suitable for reproduction. I may be forced to create a Warrior Queen instead, but it’s too early to tell. Only at the end of the event shall the final form of the item be revealed… and if worst comes to worst, it does look quite appetizing.”

So, yeah, Vesperia could potentially create some Hive Queen with Records of the Exalted Prima Guardian. Definitely scary True Royal stuff.

Everyone seemed happy with their loot so far, which left only one person to open his box. With all eyes on him and a smile on his lips, Jake opened the special final ring box. When he did so, a beautiful ring was revealed, looking very similar to the ones granted to the others. However, it somehow looked even more expensive, with a key-like symbol on the face.

With a big smile, Jake used Identify on the ring and-

[Seal of the Exalted Prima (Unique)] – Proof that you are an Administrator Candidate for the Seat of the Exalted Prima. Grants certain privileges during the Prima Guardian event. This item’s true power is currently sealed and will only be unlocked after the final Prima Guardian has been slain, and will be upgraded accordingly to your performance during the event.

Requirements: Jake Thayne

“… what the fuck is this?” Jake asked out loud as he stared at the ring.

The others had also used Identify, and Carmen couldn’t help but chuckle. “Hey, maybe it’s just a grower, not a shower. Does say it can also be upgraded.”

“Very funny,” Jake muttered as he threw the Sword Saint a look. “Say, wasn’t there an extra ring available?”

“The one we agreed to give to the metal mage?” the old man asked with a raised eyebrow.

“Wow, Jake is trying to steal loot from others,” Carmen said, shaking her head. “You already received a ring, haven’t you?”

“May as well not have,” Jake muttered.

“Perhaps it shall turn great once upgraded post-event,” the Fallen King commented.

“Maybe, but then it would feel like I didn’t get any reward until then. Can you imagine how that would-“

The Fallen King flashed the bead, Jake shutting up.

“Fine… but at least you have the option of eating it here and now, even if that would be dumb…” Jake relented as he picked up the ring and put it away.

With all the shitty loot distributed – save for what had to be given to those who weren’t there – the hunting gang went toward the final unexplored room of the Prima Vessel. While one had housed the control room and one the loot and storeroom, the final one was perhaps the most interesting.

Unlocking the barrier and heading inside, Jake and company found themselves in a large room with a teleportation circle covering most of the floor on a raised platform in the middle. Several instruments lined the walls, with the far end having a big screen that mirrored the one in the control room. Heading inside to explore the room further, Arnold went straight to the control panel and quickly understood what it was for.

“This teleportation circle is linked to every single Prima Vessel but only established pathways to those who are part of the alliance,” the scientist shared.

“Does that mean we will be teleported directly into other Prima Vessels if we use it?” Jake questioned.

“No, they appear to link up with other teleportation circles on each planet,” Arnold shook his head.

“When entering the Prima Guardian Alliance, the system would grant the planets a blueprint to a special teleportation circle linking them to other planets part of the alliance,” Caleb shared, naturally having some insight as a Judge of the Court of Shadows. “That’s how most did all their preparations before this event and met up beforehand.”

“Can anyone teleport to this circle here on Earth now that we entered the alliance?” Vesperia questioned with some concern.

“Yes, but only those who have used it to travel in the past,” Arnold said as he kept scanning the circle and the documentation provided by the system. “That is to say, if you use this to teleport to another planet, you can use it to teleport back again. Even if you teleport to other planets from the original one, as long as you use this teleportation circle to leave Earth in the first place, you can always return again. I will warn you that I can find nothing about bringing others back with you, though. So that may be a potential danger.”

“Do the planets part of the alliance have no say if we teleport there?” Jake asked, frowning a bit.

“They do,” Arnold said. “They can block anyone from teleporting to them or only give certain planets permission. I also see some have messages attached to who they wish to come help. Not all of them are part of Ell’Hakan’s group, but the vast majority most certainly are.”

“I see,” Jake nodded. Before they decided to teleport anywhere, they still had to get topside and meet Miranda to plan out what they planned to do. He just hoped he could teleport the entire Prima Vessel back up to the surface again because trying to dig and fly the entire way seemed like a pain.

“I’ll go check if we can teleport back up again so we can have a meeting about our plans,” Jake said as he turned to go toward the control room. However, a question from the Fallen King stopped him in his tracks.

“Can we use this circle to also teleport to the Prima Vessels on the planets not part of the alliance?” the Unique Lifeform questioned.

“Or, at the very least, use the connection this Vessel had with theirs to create our own method of transportation. Because if not, won’t we have to wait till every single planet has dealt with its own Prima Guardian before the event concludes? That could turn into quite the wait,” Caleb quickly recognized as he followed up.

That… was something Jake hadn’t really considered. He remembered that unless triggered on purpose, the Prima Guardian would only be released from the Prima Vessel in a thousand days or so under natural circumstances. Based on their estimates, this was how most planets would handle their Prima Guardians.

They would spend the next nearly three years hunting down regular Primas all over their planets to weaken the Prima Guardian. Then, once free, they would face the Guardian if they felt ready. Considering they then had five years to beat it… that meant Jake could potentially be stuck with his shitty un-upgraded ring for several years.

Jake was already cursing this system event as Arnold looked deep in thought before he spoke, sparking hope in Jake’s eyes.

“It shouldn’t be impossible. Perhaps we cannot use this teleporter, but it should be possible to use the map to roughly estimate the spatial coordinates of all the other marked planets in relation to ours. Using this, we can teleport, at the very least, to the vicinity of the planets with Prima Vessels on them,” the void scientist said. “However, we will need skilled space mages, and it will take a while to ensure we will not teleport people into the middle of nowhere. Focusing on the other planets that are part of the alliance should be our primary objective for now.”

Just hearing it was a possibility, Jake was in a lot better mood as he headed back to the main control room. He knew he still had a lot more features of the Prima Vessel to explore, and instinctively, he also recognized that the entire thing pretty much belonged to him now. He was the only one who could control it, and if he wanted to, he could even reestablish the different barriers.

In the core room, Jake also luckily discovered that the teleportation feature worked again. With relief, he quickly activated it, and in a flash, they teleported from right next to the Planetary Core all the way back to the desert.

“Hey, Miranda, I think we may as well hold our meeting within the Prima Vessel. Just enter through the door toward the top of the egg,” Jake sent to Miranda after a bit, as he was joined by the Sword Saint and Fallen King in the control room.

“Are you prepared for what’s to come?” the old man asked. “You will soon be face to face with quite a few people who may or may not be big fans of you.”

“And servants of the Chosen of Yip. Individuals with warped emotions and unnatural loyalty toward a sworn enemy,” the Fallen King added.

“Ready as can be,” Jake shrugged. “I’m more worried about who we should even send off-planet to go help the alliance… but we’ll talk about that when the others get here.”

As he said this, he also got a response from Miranda. “I’m gathering those relevant. Some may join only as projections. See you in a few.”




***
Chapter 945: A Galaxy To Explore


***






It hadn’t even been a full day since the Prima Guardian arrived, but they were all gathered once more to discuss the future of the Prima Guardian event. The venue had changed, though, and it now took place within the Prima Vessel, more accurately, the control room with the large map also there, serving as a nice reference.

Arthur and several others joined the meeting as projections as they were far away from the frontline. However, the majority were present in person, as they had also taken part in the battle.

The meeting started out with Miranda congratulating everyone, but also taking a moment to go over the losses. Even if the event had gone exceptionally well so far, they had still lost a lot of people. Jake knew that Miranda and the rest of the World Council had set up different programs to help the families of the killed, but it naturally couldn’t replace those who had died. They had all known some casualties were inevitable, and the losses had been less than estimated, but the many deaths still put a dampener on the celebrations.

But they had to move forward. The event was far from over.

Maria and Casper had also both returned for this meeting, both looking a bit worse for wear and clearly still recovering. Maria definitely looked the worst of the two of them, her escape skill incredibly potent but also with quite the backlash afterward. Still, having them there was good for morale and just to see them again.

It was one thing they all took solace in: no one from the strike team had died. That meant the strongest people on Earth were all alive and kicking, the planet as a whole not really having lost much fighting power should things go south during this Prima Alliance event. There was still a sneaking fear some had that this event would devolve into a big conflict with many other planets, and honestly, Jake couldn’t rule that out entirely. Especially not considering some of the plans he had.

On a side note, the ring situation was also sorted out with everyone gathered.

Jake had also low-key hoped that William couldn’t wear the ring so Jake could get it. It had totally been a possibility that due to William only really fighting the Prima Guardian indirectly using his karmic magic, he wouldn’t meet the requirements to wear the ring. Also, was it really out of the question that the system had actually wanted to give Jake two rings due to how good he was?

Well… two things. Firstly, William did qualify to wear the ring. So that sucked. Secondly, Jake did convince the group to at least let him see if he could use one of the rings, but he hit a snag of compatibility. If he had the shitty ring that gave no stats bound to himself, Jake couldn’t bind one of the awesome many-stat-giving rings. Too similar items, especially jewelry, tended to not be useable together, as an example, Jake couldn’t wear two Altmar Signets if the two rings effectively did the exact same thing. Actually, the signet was a bad example, as pure stat sticks tended to be compatible… anyway.

This did suck, but it also indicated that once unsealed and upgraded, Jake’s special ring would be similar to the cool rings everyone else got. Sadly, Jake had to wait, and not keeping the new ring bound to him seemed like a dumb idea due to it talking about giving Jake certain privileges during the event. Exactly what these privileges were, Jake naturally still had no idea, but he didn’t want to risk it being something he would miss out on.

Anyhow, with the meeting beginning in earnest after going over how the Primas and Prima Guardian had been dealt with and the losses they had taken, it quickly became clear many people and factions already had their own agendas to deal with and places to be.

As was already touched upon, Caleb had to go help the Court of Shadows, and Carmen had to go assist Valhal. Vesperia had also voiced her intent to go assist a few planets where it looked like the humanoid side was gonna lose and the Endless Empire would take over.

Now, Jake did recognize that this was perhaps a bit fucked up. He was sure that in the eyes of many, the army of underground insects would be considered the bad guys, while the weak humanoid faction getting suppressed would be the underdog good guys.

However, wasn’t it also a bit messed up to just wipe out all the ectognamorphs just to make room for the humanoids? Also, this was a quest to kill the Prima Guardians. If things were allowed to run their natural course, these planets would be wiped out after the Guardian was released, if not before, with all the Primas roaming about.

Based on what Vesperia said, these were planets where the humanoids were reduced to nearly nothing, more often than not from internal strife or the majority having abandoned the planet already. Not even Ell’hakan cared about these planets, as they were now too weak to contribute anything.

What would likely happen if Vesperia or someone else didn’t stop by was that the ectognamorphs would just wait for the Prima Guardian to naturally die after it claimed the Planetary Core and then emerge to claim the entire planet as their own. They naturally couldn’t fight the Prima Guardian themselves as they had most certainly consumed many system-given unique items. As for if they decided to join the Prima Guardian… well, it would only speed up the annihilation of the humanoids.

Thinking about it, it was a better situation for the humanoids if Vesperia went and killed the Prima Guardian. If she took over, the humanoids at least had a chance of surviving and maybe even leaving the planet to go elsewhere. While Vesperia did view humanoids as potential resources – to be read as food – she didn’t see their value as that big, and was okay with just letting them go as long as they didn’t make any problems.

Vesperia was also only really focused on eight planets total in their galaxy, only three of which had joined the Prima Guardian Alliance. From how Jake understood it, this wasn’t because the people on the remaining five had confidence in beating back the Primas themselves, but because their World Leader had either been incredibly incompetent, the planet was fucked over after the World Leader was elected, or the leader literally wanted them to die and had abandoned the planet long ago after agreeing to fight the Prima Guardian.

So, it definitely sounded like Vesperia was going to be busy, and she was also very interested in the project of making their own teleporter to get to planets that hadn’t joined the alliance. While the Endless Empire winning on most of these planets was pretty much a given, Vesperia still wanted to speed up matters and officially link up with the different Hives before it was time for her to head back to the heartlands of the Endless Empire.

When it came to the Risen, the situation was a bit more complicated. Primarily because they were also on Earth to establish a permanent presence once more. For that, there were quite a few details to discuss, such as what area the Risen would be given. Sure, they could just give them back their old territory, but seeing as they had now claimed the entire planet, there had to be somewhere better for them to settle down while ensuring they wouldn’t be bothered. Jake wasn’t that invested in where they would live as everyone would just get there through teleportation anyway, but he knew many cared.

Did you know this text is from a different site? Read the official version to support the creator.

No one had any illusions that the Risen would be welcomed by everyone with open arms. They were still a very controversial faction, and despite Arthur trying quite a lot to improve their reputation, people just had a strong innate dislike of the undead. Perhaps it was entirely natural for life-based entities to dislike those rooted in death, but Jake still wanted to allow the Risen to live on his planet, even if a lot disagreed. It did sound like they were gonna be thrown onto their own island, though, but that didn’t seem to bother Casper or Priscilla particularly much.

Casper also mentioned that even if their primary objective was to establish a small base on Earth, they also wanted to provide assistance to other Risen in the galaxy. Not that there were a lot. In fact, there was only one planet ruled by Risen in the entire Milky Way. The rest had either been wiped out by the other natives, or there hadn’t been any in the first place.

There even being one was honestly a surprise. Most Risen in all universes tended to be gathered in the same areas. Even in the ninety-third universe, entire galaxies existed filled with undead and Risen. Ones where the living were heavily outnumbered, and death ruled supreme. Entire areas of a universe could be dominated by death and quite unwelcoming of the living.

Jacob, who had been uncharacteristically silent all while wandering the Prima Vessel – perhaps because he hadn’t really been part of the Guardian fight – also explained that all those from the Holy Church were expected to go assist the rest of their faction. In fact, even coming to Earth had been considered a special privilege, and Jacob had only sold them going by promising to try and establish an outpost on the planet. Something he knew wasn’t going to happen, but the higher-ups had humored him nevertheless.

His talking about helping the Holy Church did bring up one pretty big concern, though.

“Isn’t the Holy Church actively working with Ell’Hakan?” Jake questioned after the Augur began to explain their plans. “Won’t that mean you going to help the Holy Church from here means that you’re going directly to his side?”

“That… I cannot rule out,” Jacob said with a sigh. “The higher-ups are quite insistent on providing him with all the aid we can.”

“Why the hell are they even sucking up to him so hard?” Jake said, exasperated. “Do they really want his creepy-ass Bloodline that badly?”

“Yes,” Jacob just said in a matter-of-fact tone. “Yes, they do want his Bloodline that badly. It holds extreme value to them. I have already tried to voice my dissent toward working with the Chosen of Yip of Yore, but it was quickly made apparent I had no say in the matter. This is from very high up, and even if they value me as an Augur, the potential value Ell’Hakan can provide exceeds my existence manifold.”

Jake opened his mouth for a moment before closing it again, not saying what he was about to say. He wanted to trust Jacob. He really did. But Jake knew he couldn’t. While the Augur could keep some secrets, if the information was too important for the Holy Church to know, he would share it. No, some things were best kept in his heart or only spoken between himself and those he knew he could fully trust.

There was no reason to tell Jacob that there was no fucking way he was going to let Ell’Hakan live long enough to make a bunch of brain-washing babies for the Holy Church. Nor, that should he make some… Jake was going to make sure they were unmade. Sure, one could argue about the immorality of sins of the father and whatnot, but Jake, quite frankly, didn’t give a shit about any of these things. Ell’Hakan and his entire lineage would be wiped out. Of that there was no question.

For now, it was best to not say any of these things, though. In fact, it was better to communicate the opposite outwardly to make Ell’Hakan and the Church believe there was a world where Jake wasn’t going to hunt down the other Chosen to the ends of existence. Thus, Jake just sighed as if relenting. “I am not a fan of you or the Holy Church working with him, but I’m not your boss. Just watch out and keep a cool head, alright?”

“I appreciate the understanding,” Jacob nodded. All around the room, those who knew Jake’s feelings kept a pretty straight face despite knowing Jake was far more than “not just a fan.”

The meeting proceeded, and people began to split up into groups based on where they needed to go or wanted to do. Jake had expected Eron to have some plans, but there was apparently not anywhere he had to be. In fact, he didn’t seem interested in going anywhere whatsoever.

Maria ended up talking to Caleb and would head off with him to help the Court of Shadows. Being a mercenary through and through, she would happily go assist wherever she was paid to be.

Sylphie and the Fallen King surprised Jake a bit by joining up with Vesperia. He was pretty happy to see the three of them go together, though, as he doubted there were many forces in the multiverse who could handle all three.

Arnold would remain on Earth to work on the teleportation circle with assistance from Miranda and others. William even volunteered to stay behind and help with this teleporter, too, when Arnold pointed out that a karma mage could prove useful when more accurately pinpointing the location of each planet. Arnold sounded confident, so Jake had hope that soon they would have access to far more Prima Guardians than just those in the alliance… along with the planets that were part of the alliance but had blocked off teleportation access.

The primary reason for this discussion about where people would go was to ensure they didn’t get in the way of one another while traveling the galaxy. Most of the factions on Earth already had somewhere they needed to go, which really only left two people without any particular plans: Jake and the Sword Saint.

Neither of them belonged to any faction who had to go help elsewhere in the galaxy, nor with a need to assist any of the others. Sure, Jake could have stuck to Vesperia and the others… but he wanted to go have some alone time.

He’d just gotten Lone Hunter, after all. It was only proper to put it to a good test. The Sword Saint also sounded like he wanted to head off alone for a bit to practice his swordsmanship. Totally understandable.

With most things planned out, Miranda addressed the group of those who would leave with a final small speech.

“Before everyone heads off to make the galaxy a safer place, I think we should all agree on a few things,” Miranda said, addressing the room. “This is something I know quite a few have already discussed before the event began, but we believe that keeping the fact we all come from Earth a secret would be counterproductive. Flaunt your origins. Let everyone know you come from Earth and spread the word of our presence. However, do try to avoid ascribing any specific values to the planet. Just leave it there as a fact Earth is where you come from.”

Jake did remember Miranda talking about this prior, and he kept quiet as she continued.

“There have been certain individuals who have sought to villainize Earth and those from here. Trying to actively argue against this may only reinforce this belief, while should we all just act normal and be helpful, we will naturally spawn doubt about the lies of Earth. Of course, should people cause problems, feel free to clap back, but don’t make it about protecting Earth’s honor, only your own. We are a planet of individuals, not one massive, cohesive faction, even if we may sometimes be united toward the same goal.”

Everyone slowly nodded along, as Jake hadn’t really ever considered standing up for “Earth’s honor” or whatever.

“Well then,” Miranda smiled. “I guess I can only wish you all a happy hunt. Let’s see if we can make the Milky Way galaxy not just have the best planet in the universe but also the fastest time in clearing this event.”

With that, they all headed off toward the large teleporter, and Jake felt excited to go on a bit of solo hunting. He was also excited to see what other kinds of worlds the Milky Way had to show for itself as he had an entire galaxy to explore. Oh yeah, and potentially saving a few civilizations along the way was also pretty cool.




***
Chapter 946: The Commander, the Mage, & the Savior


***






“The barrier won’t hold for that long,” the exasperated elven mage said to the heavily armored warrior – a rare Path for elves, but some had to take the frontline in these wars. The warrior was lacking an arm, and a healer was desperately trying to heal him enough for the man to be able to engage in combat again. For now, he would be stuck in this tent for a little while, though.

“It will have to,” the armored warrior said. “A small temporary reinforcement force should arrive by the end of tomorrow. The attacks on the eastern borders were more extensive than the general first predicted.”

“Even if we manage to hold on till tomorrow, how many are even coming? A few hundred fighters? Commander, we need to seriously consider evacuation,” the mage said in a stern voice.

“Evacuation would mean the fall of the entire northern border, and what about the civilians?” the commander shot back. “It’s not an option. Our potion supply should be enough to tide us over until the main force can arrive, it-“

“It won’t!” the mage slammed his hand on the table. “Eleven Primas are baring down on us, more than ten thousand beasts at their side! The barrier will not hold for more than half a day if this keeps up.”

“The strain will be lessened once I move out again,” the commander tried to argue.

“So you can extend the barrier’s lifetime by half an hour if you get lucky… it’s still not enough. We underestimated the Primas and how many would attack, pure and simple. Take the loss, and let’s get out of here while we still can. If we bunker down in the capital,” the mage argued.

“Have faith. We should be able to survive and hold on until the Prima Guardian Alliance comes and helps us,” the commander tried.

The mage just looked at the commander for a moment before he sighed and shook his head. “We both know they aren’t coming.”

“Stop… just stop,” the commander said, as the healer at his side looked confused at the mage’s words.

“How long are you going to keep pretending?” the mage scoffed. “Her majesty, in all her wisdom, rejected the leader of the alliance quite openly. Talked about mental manipulation or some shit. We are last on the list of planets that’ll get a hand. The most they’ll give us is a memorial.”

The commander clenched his fist as the silence hung in the air. He knew the mage was speaking the truth. Their planet had never been particularly powerful, and things had only gotten worse after two large factions emerged post-Tutorials. A war broke out soon after, leaving most of those with talent either dead or displaced. Many of the talented ones had even left the universe for good to join divine factions. Nevermore had been the killing blow, as most of those who went just never came back home.

When the Prima Guardian Alliance was proposed, they saw hope… but the queen was wary. She spoke of manipulation from the leader of the alliance and refused to work closely with the largest coalition. In the eyes of the mage, she was a moron, and usually, the commander would punish the man for treason… but what even was the point?

“No matter what you say, we will fight. We must fight, there is no other choice,” the commander said with a resolute voice. “However, I will allow you to begin initial preparations for retreat. Attempt to at least get most of the mages who run out of energy back to the capital… they will need them there.”

“Thank you for seeing reason,” the mage said, relieved. “We have enough materials to teleport at least a few hundred back to safety. Not like we’re gonna use the crystals to receive any reinforcements.”

“I already told you to begin preparations; don’t waste your time being a-“

“Commander!” a young-looking elven woman wearing a cloak said as she rushed into the tent. “A report has arrived that help is coming from the Prima Guardian Alliance!”

The commander’s eyes opened wide. “Truly?”

Equally surprised, the mage also couldn’t help but quickly ask for details. “How many? Where are they from, and what made them change their mind?”

“They are from a planet that hasn’t taken part in any of the prior Alliance meetings,” the scout said. “As for the numbers, I’m only being told now that… that…”

“What’s happening?” the commander asked in a stern tone.

“One… I…  they say they’re sending one person…” the scout stammered out.

“You gotta be fucking kidding me!” the mage practically screamed before he began laughing. “What a joke…”

“Why would they even…” the commander muttered with a downcast expression.

It felt like a dumb prank had been played on them. To give them the hope of reinforcements only to take it away mere moments after. Even if someone at the level of the general arrived, what could they do? They faced nearly a dozen Primas on this battlefield. Even the general could at most handle three of them at once, and even that assumed they weren’t the most powerful variants.

“I don’t know… but he’s arriving now,” the scout said, looking as confused and deflated as the mage and commander.

“Great! Just great… let’s go see our great savior, then,” the mage said in a mocking tone as he walked out of the tent. The commander also stood up despite the healer’s protests as he went toward the middle of the camp where the teleporter stood.

Looking over the cliffside to the battlefield, the commander frowned even more deeply. A constant battle was ongoing, with the only reprieve that the elven side had a large barrier to hide behind when things got too tough. However, with nearly a dozen Primas attacking the barrier and fewer and fewer fighters to keep them occupied, things were rapidly going downhill.

It was all just one cruel joke to send a single person to this lost battlefield.

Arriving at the teleporter, it soon spun to life. The runes began to glow as the commander saw far more of the mana gems break than he expected. The more powerful the person using the teleporter was, the more would break… but this was far more than he could have anticipated. The mage also seemed to notice this, as a figure soon appeared on the platform.

This story is posted elsewhere by the author. Help them out by reading the authentic version.

The first thing that struck the commander was how small he looked. As elves, they tended to be naturally skinnier than humans… yet the human that had just appeared looked even thinner than them. What’s more was the sparse gray hair on his head and his simple-looking robe. Having been part of one of the Prima Guardian Alliance meetings, the commander had seen many humans before but never one that looked this positively ancient. He looked almost halfway to being undead.

“You must be the commander,” the newly arrived human said in a calm yet strong tone.

“Yes, I’m in charge of this battlefield,” the commander said as he stood straight.

“I would ask you about the situation, but I’ve already gotten a good grasp myself,” the human said, and only now did the commander notice the sword at his waist. That’s when the swordsman asked something preposterous. “Could you have all your soldiers retreat behind the barrier? Oh, and make sure to keep it empowered; it may be struck during the battle.”

“If they all retreat and those monsters are allowed to roam free, the barrier won’t even last an hour,” the mage spoke up in protest.

“That’s fine; it won’t need to,” the swordsman said with a calm smile. “I don’t intend on spending that long here. I have other places to be later today, so please do not delay me any further than absolutely necessary.”

“Are you serious?” the barrier mage questioned loudly. “Other places to be? There are eleven Primas out there!”

“Yes, only eleven,” the old swordsman kept his casual demeanor. “And they all appear quite a bit weaker than the ones on my planet.”

“I will make the soldiers retreat,” the commander said, not thinking about the matter any further. He had been on many battlefields, both now and during the civil war… and standing before this man, he felt like he stood before someone even the general would only salute in respect. A true man of the battlefield.

“You are listening to this madman?” the mage exclaimed.

The commander just ignored the mage as he quickly sent the order. He got many confused answers from the squad leaders, but they all did as they were told. As they all retreated, the Primas and thousands of monsters began moving to attack the barrier.

At the same time, the swordsman moved. He gave a thankful nod to the commander before he disappeared from where he stood, only to appear close to the barrier soon after. Already impressed by such speed… the commander wasn’t ready for what came next.

Raindrops began to fall from a cloudless sky. Yet when the commander looked up, he now saw large rainclouds covering everything as far as the eye could see. The old swordsman walked through the barrier as if he was out on a stroll, and not just the commander but thousands of soldiers looked on, confused as the solitary man faced an army.

“He’s going to die like a moron,” the mage said with his arms crossed.

“Just shut up already,” the commander said annoyedly.

Being outside the barrier, the swordsman naturally attracted some attention. Several large four-legged monsters with large maws and scaled bodies attacked him right away, these beasts serving as the vanguard due to their high durability.

All the commander saw was a flash before the swordsman now held his blade in his hand, and the four monsters that were upon him split in two. Another flash later, and crescent waves of water shot out, cutting through the battlefield and killing dozens on their path.

The mage had finally shut up as he just looked on while the swordsman went on a rampage amidst the falling rain. All of the monsters attacking the barrier soon began to gather around him as the eleven Primas, who usually took a more careful approach, also made their way over when it looked as if the old human couldn’t keep up with the onslaught.

It was then the commander realized… the swordsman had been baiting them in. Once they were all soaked by the rain, the human suddenly stopped as he took a step back. He lowered his blade, and for a moment, time itself seemed to freeze as he spoke:

“Rain of Time: Reversal.”

With that, the commander saw power beyond what a C-grade should be capable of displaying. With a single raised blade, the world was torn asunder. The follow-up attacks only further cemented this sentiment as the elven Primas were slaughtered one by one, two of them already falling in the opening move.

Less than ten minutes later, the rainfall stopped, and the old human walked back through the barrier, not even looking tired as he returned to the commander.

“That should be this area dealt with… I believe you should be able to hold on should any stragglers arrive,” the swordsman said in his usual relaxed tone.

“Why… why are you even helping us?” the barrier mage said, his tone of arrogance entirely gone by now, having been replaced by pure confusion.

“Due to an agreement. Once I’ve dealt with the most troubled battlefields, your queen has promised me the Prima Guardian,” the man said. “That will make life for you easier, too. Once the Guardian dies, all the regular Primas are weakened.”

“How do you know that? Wait, have you already…?” the mage continued.

“Yes, but not alone. Not to fret, based on what I’ve seen here thus far, the Prima Guardian should be something I can handle on my own,” the swordsman said with confidence.

The mage looked like he wanted to comment, but he just shut up and kept silent, as the commander couldn’t help but ask:

“I cannot even begin to express but gratitude… if possible, may I know what our savior is called?”

The swordsman looked at the commander for a moment before answering. “I usually go by the name of Sword Saint.”

“Sword Saint… what does such a title mean?” the commander asked in awe.

The man who called himself the Sword Saint smiled as he looked upon the battlefield one final time. “It’s an oath and a Path. What I strive to be… and in my arrogance, a name I have dared to claim before I am worthy.”

They were all silent for a moment after he said this before the Sword Saint spoke again. “I should get moving. I have a few other places to stop by before it’s time to tackle the Guardian.”

“I wish you godspeed, Sword Saint,” the commander saluted the human who’d saved them. Who it appeared was on a quest to save their entire planet.

After he stepped onto the teleporter, the commander noticed the mage looked deep in thought, and the commander couldn’t help himself but ask:

“What? No objections when he said he planned on beating the Prima Guardian?”

The mage continued to look like he was thinking before he suddenly seemed to realize as he pulled out a list from his spatial storage. He quickly looked at it as his eyes opened wide. “I was right…”

“What?” the commander asked.

“The Nevermore Leaderboards,” the mage muttered.

Frowning, the commander wondered what the guy was talking about. As someone who had gone to Nevermore, he knew about these Leaderboards, but it hadn’t been something he had really looked at or cared about. Why would he? He wasn’t someone that would ever appear on it. That list was reserved for the absolute pinnacle of their entire universe. Complete monsters that couldn’t be compared to people like… wait…

“You don’t mean he-“

The mage turned the list around, with the name Sword Saint written right there on the top ten for the entire universe. That’s when the commander realized something else as he recalled things he heard while at Nevermore…

This Sword Saint had been from a party with the one who took the top spot - from the same planet as many others who had placed toward the top. That meant… this was the galaxy that housed the Chosen of the Malefic Viper… how had he never realized?

He’d known about Ell’Hakan, but it had never been anything publicly advertised that the Chosen of Yip of Yore and the Chosen of the Malefic Viper hailed from even the same galaxy. Realizing this, the commander felt a shiver run down his spine... questioning if their small planet would truly be fine when caught in such a massive conflict.

Yet, at the same time, he couldn’t help but question what kind of monsters could even compare to the swordsman they had just seen… because the commander just couldn’t imagine how anyone could rival such an entity.

He also began to question what was going on elsewhere in the galaxy and just how much change those from the planet of the Sword Saint could enact upon the galaxy.




***
Chapter 947: How the Alliance Works & A Synergistic Society


***






The Prima Guardian Alliance was both a simple and a complex setup by the system. The purpose of it couldn’t be any simpler: to allow different planets to team up and face Primas together. However, the way this was done had become relatively complex, especially when one considered the automatic enrollment of the planets who had already successfully dealt with their own Prima Guardian.

Initially, when one joined the alliance, the World Leader would be granted a blueprint to make a special teleportation circle alongside documentation of how the circle would work. These teleportation circles were linked to every other circle similar to themselves on other planets and would allow cheap travel across the Milky Way – though there was some cost that the planet receiving people would have to bear.

Partly due to this, the teleportation circles wouldn’t automatically just accept anyone who wanted to teleport to a planet. By default, someone with authority granted by the World Leader would have to approve the teleportation before it would go through. The teleportation could also be programmed, though, and be set to automatically just accept anyone trying to use it. This could further be customized to only accept people from certain planets or even by excluding some planets.

No one in the entire galaxy had their circles set to fully open teleportation.

Through the interface provided by the system alongside the enrollment in the Prima Guardian Alliance, the World Leader or those granted authority could also write a brief description about their own planet and those they wanted assistance from. Some of the information in this section would be automatically generated by the system, such as the general ecology of the planet, as well as what affinities dominated and whatnot. These parts could not be hidden even if the person wanted to. Neither could they hide the population numbers of the planet… making it quite apparent which planets were more fucked than others.

Most planets had set all this up many years ago while still waiting for the Prima Guardian to arrive, with nearly all planets only having one of these cross-galaxy teleporters present. These were also primarily placed in capitals, and were then connected to the rest of the planet’s teleportation network from there.

To clarify, Earth did not have any of these teleportation circles. Earth only had the teleporter found within the Prima Vessel, which was an entirely different kind compared to those established by the planets themselves. This teleporter didn’t have the same possibility of allowing certain people to come and go as they pleased from different planets. It effectively only allowed people to teleport out and return again. In other words, it was a teleporter only for the natives of a planet to go help other places. At least, that’s how Miranda and Arnold concluded the teleporter worked after their initial investigation.

Upon the defeat of their Prima Guardian, Earth had also been granted the other type of teleportation circle, but so far, there had been no interest in establishing it. The primary purpose of the provided circle was to allow others to teleport and help a planet… something Earth naturally didn’t need. Having it was only viewed as a potential weakness, should they be tricked to allow someone to teleport to the planet they shouldn’t have.

Of course, the chances of this happening were minuscule, considering only Jake and Miranda had the authority to view the blueprint of the provided teleportation circle and manage its permissions. With Jake more likely having failed to realize he now had this blueprint, only Miranda was a potential source of failure… and she concluded they didn’t need the teleporter.

The only thing they would use the blueprint for was to study it, as Arnold theorized it held clues on how to make a teleportation circle capable of taking them close to any other planet marked by the map in the entire Milky Way.

Either way… Jake and all the others heard this explanation of how the teleporters worked before they headed off into the galaxy. The number of planets they could actually teleport to was relatively limited due to how the teleporters worked, especially as most had set their teleportation circles to only accept certain planets while requiring manual permission if anyone else wanted to come.

Many planets were naturally wary when someone wanted to teleport to their planet… especially because of the “someone” part. Like, who would have one person teleport? Sure, if it was some diplomat or something like that, it could make sense, but the people from Earth weren’t trying to travel around the galaxy for peaceful purposes. They were there to slaughter Prima Guardians and get loot.

Those with factions they went to assist naturally didn’t face this problem…but Jake and the Sword Saint, who wanted to go alone to help planets, found it quite challenging to get accepted. At least Miranda assumed they both would face difficulties… but the Sword Saint was gone nearly instantly, leaving only Jake behind, trying to find a planet willing to accept him, complaining under his breath.

“Why the hell are they being selective when they’re so clearly fucked…” Jake muttered as he tried to teleport to a struggling planet, yet the one in charge of the planet still rejected him.

“Exactly what are you saying to them?” Miranda ended up questioning Jake. When one applied, a message could be attached. An application of sorts.

“Just the truth,” Jake said, annoyed.

“… and what is the truth?” Miranda asked, and annoyed, Jake gave her permission to see the message he sent alongside his teleportation request, and…

“Hunter here. Will kill Prima Guardian quickly for free.”

“Jake, have you considered you may need to include more information to make you look less like a delusional idiot?” Miranda asked in a curt tone.

“Why should I?” Jake crossed his arms. “I’m the one offering them help, not the other way around. Why would I waste my time trying to convince them I’m worthy of saving their asses? If they don’t accept, they just aren’t desperate enough. I’ve already sent more job applications in my life than I wanted to. No way I’m gonna write a damn essay about my strengths and weaknesses when I’m the one offering assistance. Free assistance, even.”

“There are plenty of reasons why they would be apprehensive about allowing someone random to teleport to their planet… and it isn’t helping that you are marked by the system as a World Leader when you try to go somewhere,” Miranda sighed. “A solitary World Leader wanting to go to another planet less than a day after the Prima Guardian event fully began is incredibly suspicious.”

Jake looked about to say something as he grinned. “And yet, some are willing to take the gamble.”

Miranda saw a happy Jake jump onto the teleportation circle before it promptly activated, and she couldn’t help but wonder just how desperate you had to be to allow him to teleport there with that kind of message while also considering his status as World Leader. Sighing, she turned to the last three people who were about to leave but had waited because Vesperia insisted Jake should be the first to go out of politeness.

“Does Her Majesty already have a planet in mind?” the witch asked, knowing Vesperia did have a few targets in mind.

“I do indeed, one that should be relatively simple to handle. I confirmed beforehand with a Hive Queen that the humanoid population is already de facto under their control,” Vesperia answered. “Seeing as the hive cannot fight the Prima Guardian or even the regular Primas, they naturally need assistance, or the dwarves will simply be slaughtered.”

“In that case, I wish you a pleasant and fruitful journey,” Miranda bowed her head slightly.

If you encounter this narrative on Amazon, note that it's taken without the author's consent. Report it.

In her mind, it only made sense to remain as polite as possible in front of the True Royal, even more so than perhaps anyone else on the planet. This sentiment was also echoed by her Patrons, who had told Miranda to treat Vesperia more like she would treat another god than a mortal. Considering how scary the True Royal could be, that wasn’t super difficult to do.

“Let us go, and thank you two for your assistance,” Vesperia said to the Fallen King and Sylphie, who would go with her.

“Hunting down Primas and convincing planets to allow me to face the Guardian would prove difficult alone, while I believe going with you will provide ample opportunities,” the Fallen King answered honestly.

“Ree,” Sylphie screeched, making it clear she just thought it would be boring to go alone.

Without further ado, the bird flew over to the teleporter as the hawk disappeared when it activated. Vesperia and the Fallen King looked taken aback for a moment that she had gone ahead alone, but didn’t immediately make any moves to follow.

“We will return here after we have slain the Prima Guardian,” Vesperia said. “I hope for good news regarding finding a method to teleport even to planets that are not part of the alliance.”

“And I hope I will be able to provide that upon your return,” Miranda said, keeping a neutral tone as the True Royal nodded before stepping toward the teleportation circle. The Fallen King floated after her, and a few moments later, they, too, were gone.

Miranda took a deep breath with everyone having now headed out all over the galaxy. Arnold was busy inside the control room analyzing the map as well as the blueprint to the alliance teleporter, with William having set up some kind of ritual circle of his own to “read the karmic pathways” or something. Miranda wasn’t even going to pretend to understand karmic magic. Sure, some of her magic was equally weird and difficult to understand, but karma magic just still didn’t make much sense to her.

She herself would also stay on Earth as there was still plenty to do. They now owned the entire planet, and Miranda now had far more control than before due to the Planetary Pylon getting claimed. It also wasn’t like all the beasts on Earth could go around and help the rest of the galaxy. The current working theory was that they would also be suppressed on other planets, and sending them would simply be too risky for little gain. No, better to let Jake and friends handle the other Prima Guardians.

All Miranda could hope was that they would do a good job and succeed safely. That… and hopefully, not end up somehow making enemies.

“Ya sure this isn’t just a waste of time?” the old dwarf said as he stared at the teleportation circle within the chamber.

“The queen sure didn’t seem like it would be… in fact, I’ve never seen any of those Hive Queens more stressed than they’ve been over these past few months,” a younger female dwarf answered while stroking her beard.

“Why are they stressing? It ain’t like they’re at risk of getting wiped out by these Prima things,” the older dwarf sighed.

“Something about who will visit. Apparently, it’s some big shot who will help us deal with the Primas and even the Prima Guardian,” the female dwarf explained. “I hope they’re right.”

“So do I,” the old dwarf nodded as he kept looking at the inert teleportation circle, waiting for a request to come in.

These dwarves had always been a subterranean race, primarily due to the harsh environments on the surface of their planet. Even before the system, they very rarely ventured topside. Harsh acid rains and large storms ravaged the world above, leaving no space for life anywhere, and only while wearing protective suits could they sometimes head up there to look for resources. However, this turmoil on the surface did lead to a very vibrant and healthy world underground, with plenty of space and opportunity for life to flourish.

Before the system, these dwarves had already established a relatively large country, spanning a huge area of the underworld. There had been about five million of them total when the integration appeared, and while a few had died during the Tutorial and the times that followed, more than four million still lived there to this day.

Unlike many other planets, they never had any big internal conflicts… but they also never truly grew much. Even now, the number of C-grade dwarves numbered less than fifty, with only three people having even gone to Nevermore. To put it in other words… a dozen Primas could likely wipe out this entire dwarven faction.

They had just never been fighters. They never had to fight, and it was not part of their culture… in fact, they hadn’t even known about most of the usual weapons people used before the Tutorials. While these dwarves did have a certain level of technology, instead of weaponry and war, they had primarily expanded by working closely alongside the other lifeforms beneath the ground. Their closest companions had been a unique species of large ants that were all roughly the sizes of rats, with the queens comparable to medium-sized dogs. That was before the system, mind you.

The dwarves had cultivated these ants and used them to expand and even as a defense against some of the more dangerous beasts that lived close to their borders. In return, the dwarves fed and helped the ant colony flourish by providing them with food and even helping design the hives. They put in plumbing to ensure the ants always had water and even farmed certain grubs they knew the ants liked to eat. Some of them had even worked within the hatcheries to take care of the newborn.

It was a truly synergistic relationship.

And then… then the system arrived.

While gone in the Tutorials, the ant colony that surrounded their country expanded and grew. Hive Queens were born with intelligence rivaling that of the dwarves themselves and power far surpassing them. The most powerful Hive Queens were forced to seek deeper and couldn’t approach the area controlled by the dwarves anymore, but they could still send messages.

It was an odd situation… but even after the integration, the ants were not antagonistic toward the dwarves. They still remembered the relationship their two races had before and continued to find value in it, even if a disparity of power was readily apparent.

In some ways, the ants taking care and defending the dwarves also ended up becoming a problem. The dwarves simply weren’t able to level enough as there was nothing to hunt, allowing only the crafters to progress. By the time the ants and dwarves both noticed this glaring issue, it was already too late, and news of the Prima Guardian event was upon them.

Without help, the dwarves would definitely be wiped out. Even if all the Hive Queens and high-ranking ectognamorphs had been given permission by the current World Leader dwarf, they couldn’t fight the Primas off. All they had been able to do was help create physical barriers to try and keep the Primas at bay as long as possible.

The old dwarf in charge of the teleportation circle was reflecting on all this as he waited for something to happen. He knew there were seven Hive Queens not too far away, making preparations for the arrival of this VIP.

“You think they’ll come today? The Prima Guardian thing only just arrived, and I don’t think we are in that big of a rush.. these Primas landed on the other side of the planet and on the surface. Should take them at least a week to get to us,” the female dwarf said, her tone sounding like she was calming herself down more than anything.

“it will likely be today,” the older dwarf shrugged. “But there is really no way to-“

Just then, he got a system message, and his eyes opened wide. He only skimmed the request and saw it was from the planet that had been mentioned to him, and without delay, he accepted it.

A message was instantly sent out to the Hive Queens, and within less than five seconds, seven Hive Queens appeared in humanoid form within the chamber. They all stared expectedly at the center of the teleportation circle as it glowed… the light faded soon after, and the dwarf just looked confused at what he saw.

In the center of the circle, a small creature appeared. One that looked different to something the male dwarf had ever seen before. It was small and green and did not look like an ectognamorph at all.

“Ree,” the creature let out a screech, the dwarf throwing a confused gaze at the Hive Queens, who looked equally perplexed.

“… are you related to her Majesty of the Vespernat Lineage?” the leader of the Hive Queens – a late-tier C-grade – asked.

“Ree,” the creature simply let out a screech again as it began to waddle forward, the Hive Queens clearly unaware of what was happening.

“Is it wearing a vest?” the female dwarf asked telepathically.

“I think so…” the male dwarf responded, his level of confusion only growing by the moment.

With everyone just staring confused at the small beast, a second application to travel to the planet suddenly came in. The dwarf quickly confirmed this was also from the right planet and approved it as the teleportation circle spun to life for a second time.

This time, what appeared made a lot more sense. Two large creatures were teleported in, towering over the dwarves and even the Hive Queens, whose humanoid forms also resembled dwarves. One of the newcomers looked like a large root creature of sorts and was floating slightly above the ground. The other one was a large woman with distinct insect-like features, making the dwarf quickly realize this was the one they had been waiting on. If nothing else, the response of the Hive Queens that followed made it absolutely clear as they all fell to their knees and spoke in unison.

“We greet the Vespernat True Royal,” they said, the two dwarves also quickly following along and kneeling. The male dwarf felt the aura of these two new creatures… and as a noble himself, he especially felt the presence of the wood-like being. A king… a true system-recognized king.

Perhaps it was fitting… for a Hive Queen above Hive Queens to appear together with a true king. It did still leave him questioning, though… why was the small green creature also there? And why was it currently trying to get into his backpack in the corner where he kept his dried worm snacks?




***
Chapter 948: Assistance Has Arrived


***






”It’s truly an honor to finally lay my eyes on a True Royal,” the dwarf wearing a stupidly large and decorated hat said as he kneeled in front of Vesperia. ”And it’s an even greater honor that Her Majesty decided to assist our small country.”

Vesperia regarded the dwarf as she nodded. ”Your kin has worked alongside the hive here for many years, and they have vouched for your usefulness. If they consider you part of their hive, I shall respect their assessment and assist you. Now, the three of us have little interest in wasting more time here than necessary. We shall hunt down a number of Primas and then proceed to engage the Prima Guardian.”

”I have already been informed of Her Majesty’s plan,” the dwarven leader said with a nod.

”Hand us all the information you have regarding the location of the Prima Vessel, along with where you believe most Primas have gathered,” the Fallen King added.

”Naturally,” the dwarf kept nodding, not daring to show any disrespect to the Unique Lifeform either. Motioning to one of his aides, another dwarf walked forward and displayed a projection of the planet. On it, the location of the Prima Vessel was marked, along with areas colored in with assumptions about how many Primas would be there.

”Ree?” Sylphie asked after seeing the map. Vesperia concurred with her assessment and nodded.

”Yes, I also don’t see a need for us to engage with any of the Primas beneath the ground. It would be faster to go to the surface immediately. Considering the barren landscape, we will stand out and easily attract the Primas, and at the same time, the Primas will not be able to hide from us,” Vesperia said.

”Preferable to hunting down an army of elusive creatures beneath the ground for sure,” the King said.

”If… if I may…” the dwarven leader said with some hesitation. ”Each of these Primas are incredibly powerful in their own right, and we believe there are hundreds up there. Not to mention the Prima Guardian itself… is it safe for Her Majesty to engage them all with only two allies?”

Instantly, the dwarf had more than half a dozen Hive Queens from the ant hive staring him down, making the man try to instantly elaborate. ”I do not doubt the capabilities of a True Royal! However, I’m unaware of the power of your companions, and I am merely veering on the side of caution…”

”Your worry is entirely misplaced,” Vesperia said, shaking her head.

”I find the notion that I’m inferior insulting,” the Fallen King also scoffed.

”Ree,” Sylphie just said, not really seeming to care that much. She was way too busy dragging around a small bag of dried worm snacks to bother with any of that stuff.

After a bit more talking, the three of them were finally led toward the fastest way to reach the surface. As they had also been informed, the path upwards was entirely blocked, the dwarves and ant hive having worked together to create several natural barriers and gates.

While the ants couldn’t fight the Primas or the Prima Guardian, they had been able to help with these preparations. It wasn’t like filling a hole with soil and rock was considered fighting against the Primas, nor was it considering fighting to create extremely durable gates and handing control to the dwarves.

This did mean getting topside took a while, as Sylphie, Vesperia, and the Fallen King had to break through several barriers that the dwarves couldn’t easily unblock for them. Luckily, this planet was quite a lot smaller than Earth, making the distance they had to cover not as significant.

The Hive Queens wanted to follow them all the way, but they had to stop in order to not risk engaging any Primas. This left only a small squad of dwarves with Vesperia and the others as they finally reached the surface of the planet, most of which had to leave soon as they wouldn’t be any help in the upcoming fights.

”Not the most pleasant of worlds,” the Fallen King said the moment they appeared up there.

The sky was tinged orange, with toxic gasses filling the air. In the distance, they saw some oddly colored clouds raining down acid rain while a constant wind buffeted them. At least it did so for a mere moment before the wind in their vicinity entirely stopped, surprising the dwarves.

Sylphie had naturally been the one who’d stopped the annoying wind. Even if the wind was infused with many different concepts, it was still ultimately considered wind and thus within her Authority. If she didn’t want it to blow, it wouldn’t.

As they looked around, they soon spotted their first prey. Or, more accurately, a collection of prey. Several elementals had embedded themselves within some of the rainclouds, a few Primas included.

”Far fewer regular monsters here than on Earth,” Vesperia noted.

”Likely due to the environment. From what I was told, most monsters that appeared on Earth were transformed from regular animals. Considering the state of this planet, I doubt there were many living things in the first place,” the Fallen King voiced his opinion.

”His Highness is correct,” one of the few C-grade dwarves of the world said with a nod. ”There never was much life here, even below the ground. Also, the Prima Vessel is in that direction… when it comes to the exact distance, I’m not sure.”

”It does not matter, as long as you have the teleportation disc ready for when we get there. Till then, stay in the background for safety,” Vesperia said to the dwarf, who quickly nodded.

In order to open the Prima Vessel, they needed the World Leader of the planet. That is to say, they needed the dwarven leader, who was still back in the dwarven country. This dwarf leader was, to put it bluntly, entirely useless in battle and was entirely specialized in administrative tasks.

Bringing him along would more likely than not result in him getting killed. That was why they had brought along the most competent of the dwarves. Someone who called himself a hunter, even if he left much to be desired compared to what the three monsters were used to when they heard that term. Either way, the dwarf had some good stealth skills, and he was one of the few people who had even gone to Nevermore, so he was at least a mid-tier C-grade.

The stealth skills were the most important, though, as the dwarf’s only function was to set up a teleportation disc prepared by the Hive Queens that would allow the dwarven leader to teleport to the Prima Vessel and back again after unlocking it and activating the Prima Guardian.

”Ree?” Sylphie screeched after they had just been floating in the air for a bit.

”Yes, let’s go,” Vesperia nodded, Sylphie taking the go-ahead and running with it.

The air around them exploded as Sylphie shot forward, going straight for the cloud of Primas. A massive windstorm followed in her wake, and the moment she arrived at her targets, the entire cloud was blown apart along with several of the regular weaker elementals.

If you stumble upon this narrative on Amazon, it's taken without the author's consent. Report it.

Usually, a destructive environment would be detrimental, but for Sylphie, these harmful winds only served as her weapon.

The dwarven ”hunter” could only stare as Sylphie tore apart two Primas, proving her own power while also making it very clear the average level of these Primas was quite pathetic compared to what they faced on Earth.

Not wanting to get too far behind, the Fallen King and Vesperia also got moving. Having lost her Queen’s Guards against the Prima Guardian on Earth, Vesperia was still working on spawning new ones, but the regular Royal Guards and soldiers were good enough to deal with many of the regular monsters they faced.

Days quickly passed as they made their way across the surface of the planet, slaughtering Primas on the way. The larger movements they made and the more energy they released, the more attention their group of three attracted, making many of the Primas come to them as they sent shockwaves echoing across the surface.

While each individual Prima wasn’t any problem, there was still a lot of them, each having that extra infusion of vital energy, making them annoying to kill quickly. Nevertheless, they were three creatures at the apex of power in the multiverse for their level, and many of the Primas barely broke level 250, with some not even mid-tier C-grade.

Eleven days after arriving on the planet and hundreds of dead Primas later, they finally found themselves before the Prima Vessel. The dwarven hunter – who was honestly more like a scout hiding in stealth all the time – quickly set up the pre-prepared teleportation circle and activated it.

Soon after, the dwarven leader came out and, as agreed upon, opened the Prima Vessel and went inside, carrying several dozen defensive items to make sure he would make it safely out again. A few minutes after going into the Vessel, the dwarven leader stormed out of it, looking frightened as hell while running for the teleportation circle to get the hell out of there.

He barely managed to activate the teleporter, getting swept away as a creature exited the Prima Vessel. It was a large, mostly elemental-looking monster. Its body was bulky, with stone-like growths everywhere and even a few traits reminiscent of the ants that lived with the dwarves.

”Still some form of chimera,” the Fallen King quickly concluded.

”Yes, but clearly quite different from the one on Earth. As if this one is just incomplete and half-baked,” Vesperia said, shaking her head.

”Ree?” Sylphie asked, seemingly confused as to why this chimera looked so boring compared to the one they had killed less than two weeks prior.

Looking at the Prima Guardian using Identify, it was also quite clear it couldn’t hold a candle to the Exalted Prima Guardian had faced. The name of this one also differed.

[Honored Prima Guardian – lvl 317]

Jake mentioned that the Prima Guardian on Earth was originally called a Revered Prima Guardian before it reached its maximum level of power. This one was called Honored, which Vesperia quickly concluded had to at least be beneath Revered. If it was one or two levels below, there was no way to know… and it ultimately didn’t matter.

The Prima Guardian had also noticed the three of them the moment it appeared. Perhaps it also saw the dwarven scout who was running away with a part of the teleportation circle, but it clearly didn’t care as it focused on the three monsters who were the true threat.

Without further ado, it attacked. After spending quite a few days on the planet, facing weak Primas that were nothing more than high-health weaklings, the three finally got a good fight. Sure, the Prima Guardian couldn’t hold a candle to the one on Earth, but it was still pretty powerful.

The fight ended up having only two phases, with it never going back into the Prima Vessel at any point. It just morphed and ended up adopting a far larger form than the one it started with, turning into what was effectively a giant living mountain.

Vesperia did lose a few more Royal Guards, and the Fallen King and Sylphie burned through the majority of their resources simply due to the sheer durability of the Guardian, but they were never truly in any danger. In fact, chances are any one of them could have taken on the Prima Guardian on their own, though it would have made the fight even longer and more annoying. Perhaps even a bit dangerous.

With the Prima Guardian dead, the dwarven scout returned and they summoned the dwarven leader once more, who looked utterly surprised they had managed to take down the Prima Guardian. Entering the Prima Vessel with newfound respect and the three monsters that had slain the Guardian, they went to claim the Planetary Core, the same as on Earth.

Returning to the dwarven country from there, Vesperia made sure to praise the Hive Queens there, and the dwarven leader effectively handed over all the powers of a planetary leader to the hive. While the power balance before the system had clearly been in the favor of the dwarves, now it was clear they were subordinate to the ant hive.

Also, even if the dwarven leader had tried to hold onto whatever feeble power he had, all that would have awaited him was a swift death from the giant hive that surrounded the entire dwarven country. He was wise enough to not try anything. Plus, it was now up to the hive to get rid of the rest of the Primas, as there was no way Vesperia and the two others would stay around for that, so making the hive angry would just be dumb.

And just like that, Vesperia, Sylphie, and the Fallen King laid claim to their first planet as helpers from Earth… though they weren’t even the first ”group” to have done so.

In fact, they had been quite a lot slower than someone summoned to a planet with even more… let’s just say, questionable circumstances.

Jake was happy that at least some people weren’t being selective assholes when it came to getting help with saving their planets. Now, granted, perhaps Jake should have considered why the planet was so desperate to get help in the first place. Maybe he could even have browsed for a bit longer to see the details of the planets he applied to. You know, done any research whatsoever and not just tried to shoot his shot with anyone who would have him.

Because it turns out that a planet that would accept an application like the one Jake sent out did so for a reason. The reason, in this instance, was absolute desperation because they had fucked up, and they’d fucked up badly.

Jake found himself teleported into what looked like a small base camp, surrounded by people running everywhere. Several more individuals teleported in all around him, many of them with desperate looks on their faces as if they’d also been fleeing from somewhere.

”Everyone! Go to-”

”The western front-”

”It’s coming toward the-”

”I come seeking refuge!”

Everyone was yelling as Jake just stood there, trying to figure out what exactly was happening. Releasing a Pulse of Perception, he saw tens of thousands running around like headless chickens, many of them entering circular towers with teleportation circles within.

If Jake was being perfectly honest, he had expected some kind of welcome when he went to another planet for the first time. Instead, he got a clusterfuck of panic, with a single guy standing on top of two boxes trying to yell at the people who just kept teleporting in all around Jake. It was pretty fucking clear they just accepted everyone who applied, especially when Jake even saw someone barely in C-grade appear.

Deciding to get a grasp of things, Jake began to walk forward, pushing through the crowd quite easily. He went straight to the yelling guy on top of the boxes and stopped in front of it. His deliberate movements caught the attention of the guy, who looked down at Jake and quickly tried to be helpful.

”Go to the tent over there and-”

”Hey! Where is the way to the capital city!” another guy pushed through the crowd, interrupting the box guy.

”No one is allowed to-” the box man tried to answer but didn’t get far.

”Where is the refuge camp!?” some woman ran up; Jake getting really tired as he sighed out loud. He saw no reason to waste more time than necessary dealing with this, so he decided to calm things down a bit.

Jake activated Pride of the Malefic Viper, further infused with his own aura as he blanketed the entire area with his presence. The effect was instantanious as people stopped in their tracks, the woman that had pushed herself up to stand beside Jake throwing him a look of utter horror.

From one moment to another, the panicked basecamp had become still as everyone froze, giving Jake plenty of time to ask the box guy what he wanted to ask.

”What exactly happened on this planet?” Jake asked in a relaxed tone.

The box guy stared at Jake only for a moment before he gathered himself and answered.

”There… the World Leader decided to free the Prima Guardian with her party and all the elites she could gather. It was a disaster; nearly all of them died, and the Primas and Guardian are now running rampant, trying to chase down our World Leader, so-”

”Where is the Guardian?” Jake followed up, not wanting to traumatize the crowd with his presence for longer than necessary.

”The… the tower over there should take you close…” the box man said, pointing toward one of the teleportation towers.

”Thank you,” Jake nodded, as he turned toward the tower and deactivated Pride and reined in his presence.

Yet even after he stopped the skill, everyone stood still and stared after him as Jake casually walked to the tower, quite happy with what he’d just heard. In fact, he could barely believe how lucky he’d gotten, not even having to convince the local World Leader to release the Prima Guardian, as they’d been nice enough to do so before he even arrived.




***
Chapter 949: Heavenly Tribulation


***






Overconfidence was the downfall of many who thought themselves geniuses and darlings of the multiverse. Rapid progress could lead to feelings of absolute power like there was nothing in the world that could stop you. This was more often than not seen with people from worlds that had little interaction with the rest of the multiverse, and in this particular case, the main cause had been the powerup from Nevermore.

Leaving for only a few years in Realtime, only to return with more than sixty levels under your belt, so easily led to this phenomenon. Especially when the planet itself didn’t progress as much during this time. The wildlife remained as strong – or weak - as before, with many of the dangerous beast lords none dared to engage before now viewed as nothing but easy prey.

This was the folly the World Leader, Olliandra, had fallen for. Despite having agreed to enter the Prima Guardian Alliance and the fact that everyone during the final World Congress had been on the same page that facing the Guardian alone would be stupid, her thoughts changed after her return from Nevermore.

As a party of five, they had gone there and done way better than expected. They had gained so many levels and with the rapid progress one experienced after hitting a new grade, all got stronger incredibly fast. It was so fast, and they got so strong that when they returned from Nevermore and after hunting down all the so-called ”unbeatable” beasts, how couldn’t they believe the Prima Guardian would also be easily overcome?

Why would they possibly need some stupid alliance?

Well… Olliandra and her party, as well as all the other elite parties, soon learned they most definitely did need this alliance.

She had entered the Prima Vessel shortly after it landed on her planet to activate the boss and just get the event over with. When she also considered how they had barely killed any Primas during the first part of this Prima Event, with only her and one other having gone to the Seat of the Eternal Prima, she believed the system wouldn’t throw too hard of a challenge at them. At least not one they couldn’t handle post-Nevermore with all their newfound power.

Olliandra had been so wrong. It didn’t take her more than a few moments to realize just how badly she had fucked up after freeing the Prima Guardian. It had chased her out of the Prima Vessel, and in the ensuing battle, thirty-four of the fifty-seven people who had gone to fight the Guardian died. No… they were slaughtered.

Without any hesitation, she had done the only thing she could… and ran. Her one surviving party member helped her, a space mage, who managed to teleport them some distance away. However, that’s when she realized that there was no escape. As the World Leader, she was the living objective of the Prima Guardian. No matter what she did, it would keep chasing her, and to make matters worse, she discovered she couldn’t activate the teleporter to take her to another planet that was part of the Prima Guardian Alliance. At least not while the Prima Guardian of her world still lived and roamed free.

Wracking her brain, Olliandra tried to send a distress signal to other members of the Prima Guardian Alliance but got no response. So, she decided to try the absolutely desperate strategy of just opening up the teleporter to anyone who wanted to come. The chances of anyone capable of offering assistance actually choosing to help were incredibly slim, but it was all she could do before she took off and ran once more. With Prima Guardian on her heels and nearly a thousand Primas ravaging the planet, the defenses they had prepared were far from enough… but what choice did she have but to flee?

Over the next many hours, all she could do was run desperately. Her space mage companion tried to teleport them over and over again to make distance from the far faster monster, but it began to adapt. It, too, began to use space magic to follow them through the ripples of space, giving them less and less leeway between every teleport.

They were running out of time… and Olliandra knew it was all down to her own stupidity. In the end, she chose to stop running, knowing they would eventually just be caught, as she sought out the Northern Keep. It was the most isolated of the defensive bases they possessed and the place where she would make her final stand.

Olliandra had already sent messages to the mages there to prepare for her arrival, and the second she arrived, they put up the full defensive barrier.

”My Queen, you shouldn’t stay,” the mage said in a worried tone after they had a moment. ”If I and the others try and delay it here, and you try once more, surely the Celestial Child will hear our pleas and-”

”The alliance has abandoned us, and only I am to blame,” Olliandra sighed as a magic circle appeared beneath her, and she began to use enhancement magic on herself. Due to the space mage standing for all the travel, she had nearly fully recovered and was ready to fight again. She just hoped the Guardian was also at least a little tired now.

”It isn’t all you… we agreed to face the Guardian. We believed we could,” the space mage sighed.

”The responsibility still falls with me,” Olliandra sighed, continuing her buffing routine.

As she prepared herself, the final help also arrived. All of those who had fought – and survived - the Prima Guardian the first time arrived teleported in, now having recovered somewhat for a second round. Their faces didn’t look good, and Olliandra felt much guilt seeing how none had chosen to abandon her or their world.

With resolve, Olliandra lifted her spear as her aura grew, and she addressed the crowd. ”This may be our final battle together, our downfall caused by my own hubris… but do me this final honor, and help me at the very least take down this monster. Let our ends pave a future for our world. And know that even in death, I shall hold no regret, having died alongside the most valiant of warriors.”

She barely believed her own words, as she, deep inside, wanted to just run… but she didn’t have a choice. She would make her last stand and stay true to her word by at least trying to kill the monster.

”It’s here,” the space mage said, his face haggard from his low resources and spent mental energy.

On cue, space rippled as the Prima Guardian appeared. It was a creature about four meters tall, with a hunched-over humanoid form, its entire body seemingly made of bone, even if it wasn’t undead. On its hands, it had long claws that could extend and retract, while on its back, several spikes poked out, and from the prior fight, they knew these could be released as devastating projectiles at any point. The breath of cold flames it released also wasn’t to be trifled with and had been the death of many brave warriors.

At least the damage they did during their first encounter hadn’t healed, and several cracks still marred its body, along with dozens of small holes here and there, most of them left by fighters making their final desperate attacks, trading their lives for a small nick. Overall, though…

If you encounter this narrative on Amazon, note that it's taken without the author's consent. Report it.

It doesn’t look tired at all, Olliandra sighed internally while outwardly displaying courage by pointing her spear toward the Guardian.

”Hold nothing back!”

A dozen spells lit up the air as they all attacked the Prima Guardian at once. The creature easily avoided most of them, but a few explosions managed to scratch it. If it did any damage, there was no way to tell, but the Guardian quickly counterattacked as it released its breath upon the barrier protecting the keep.

The inferno of white flames seemed to consume the entire fort as the mages struggled to keep the barrier intact, many of them falling to their knees, blood dripping from their eyes and ears. Gritting her teeth, Olliandra commanded them all to release another barrage of attacks, hoping to at least do a bit of damage before they had to engage the Guardian in melee.

This continued for a few more times, with the Prima Guardian slowly tearing down the barrier while taking a few ranged attacks in return. Clearly, the Guardian wasn’t in a hurry either and was happy with its prey trapped. Perhaps Olliandra’s hope that it was at least a little tired was even true… though she doubted it.

Minutes passed, but soon, the barrier began to show cracks. Looking up at the Prima Guardian, Olliandra prepared herself as she used Identify one final time. The response in no way helped ease her mind.

[Honored Prima Guardian – lvl 319]

With the barrier just about to fall, Olliandra pushed her boosting skill beyond full power, further improved by all her enhancement spells, not caring that the backlash, should she somehow survive, would be devastating. She felt the toll on her body but didn’t let it show as her body began glowing with power.

”Brave warriors… charge!”

As one, they all took to the air, and flew through the barrier protecting the fort just before it shattered entirely, many of the mages below already dead.

Twenty-three fighters faced off against the Prima Guardian for a second time, Olliandra at the front wielding a spear wrapped in deep red flames. The boss regarded them with no fear as it met their charge with its indestructible claws.

No one held back in the slightest, and even the space mage, who’d been exhausted, did his best to assist. Less than ten seconds into the battle, the first person fell as the Guardian cut him into six pieces with a swipe of its claws. A second fighter fell another eight seconds later, her body shattering to pieces after a breath of white icy flames.

Olliandra’s attacks became more and more desperate as her comrades fell one by one. Her spear repeatedly stabbed into the body of the Guardian, leaving small holes but failing to truly penetrate. Many others also managed to land their own blows, but they could only do so much. Their opponent was simply too durable and powerful for them to handle.

More and more died, and soon, they were down to only ten people, with the Prima Guardian not that much worse off than when the fight began. Desperation was building, but soon, they all had to accept that none of them were leaving this battle alive. One person, the one closest to her of everyone there, also realized this.

”My Queen…” the voice of the space mage echoed in Olliandra’s head.

She understood immediately and sent a telepathic nod and a smile his way. He also gave her a smile before his body erupted with more power than he could handle.

The Prima Guardian looked surprised for a moment and couldn’t react in time as dozens of rings made of pure space energy encircled it and held it still. Every surviving member of the group attacked, and Olliandra also pushed herself to release her most powerful attack.

Wings that seemed to be made up of patches of fire appeared on her back as she pointed her spear toward the Prima Guardian and spoke the Words of Power.

”Trail of Undying Embers.”

She flew forward, propelled by an unseen force. Her spear, wrapped in deep red embers, struck the Prima Guardian in the chest… and for the first time, it struck true.

Her spear penetrated deep into the Prima Guardian, piercing out the other side of the large creature and leaving a large burning hole. For a moment, Olliandra smiled, but it was quickly wiped away when the Prima Guardian simply looked down on her.

She tried to retreat, but it was too late. Even after she let go of her spear and tried to shoot back, the claw caught her forearm, forcing Olliandra to take swift and decisive action. Without any hesitation, her arm exploded, releasing a rain of embers on the boss and launching her back. While flying back, she saw the space mage falling toward the ground, unconscious and bleeding from every orifice. Spikes had also shot out of the boss, killing another two of her comrades during their assault.

Olliandra looked at the boss with listless eyes as the smoke cleared, revealing the Prima Guardian still alive and well. It pulled out her spear, the hole in its body healing with visible speed… showing the only reason it hadn’t healed the wounds they had caused prior was that they hadn’t mattered enough for it to bother to. She saw its almost taunting gaze look back at her, Olliandra barely able to lift her one remaining arm. The Prima Guardian knew it had won, and tha-

The Prima Guardian disappeared from her vision, replaced with a trail of energy that seemed to tear apart space itself.

Then, the shockwave hit her.

Olliandra was sent flying back, as her vision was filled with an odd pinkish-purple hue from a massive explosion. She didn’t know what was happening… but she knew something had struck the Prima Guardian from above. Something neither she nor it had seen before it was too late.

Directly below where the Prima Guardian had been, a giant impact crater had formed in an instant, soil and rock still filling the air as it was disintegrated in real-time by the odd destructive energies dominating the area from the explosion. She couldn’t help but stare at the crater, unable to collect her thoughts for long enough to do anything else.

For a moment, she caught a glimpse of the Prima Guardian amongst the destructive energies in the midst of the crater. Its entire left side was torn apart, its arm nowhere to be seen. It tried to stand up… and then another attack fell.

This time, she saw what it was. It looked like an arrow, wrapped and trailed by powerful energies Olliandra couldn’t even begin to understand.

This second attack struck the Prima Guardian, releasing a second blastwave, as Olliandra and everyone else who’d survived thus far were pushed even further back. Before she had a chance to see anything else, a third strike fell, followed by a fourth soon after.

It was as if the gods themselves had chosen to deliver death upon the Prima Guardian. None dared to even try and do anything, and no one even spoke using telepathy. They simply stood frozen as the attacks kept striking down like heavenly tribulation, and the aura of the Prima Guardian kept weakening with every explosion of pure destruction.

Then… a final flash of light, and all became still, as a notification appeared before Olliandra and everyone else who’d participated in the battle.

You have slain [Honored Prima Guardian – lvl 319]– Bonus experience earned for killing an enemy above your level

Jake, floating dozens of kilometers above the newly formed crater, had another arrow nocked, and Arcane Powershot charging but stopped as he dispelled the arrow and stopped the attack.

Pretty durable… but not super fast without its space magic. Good idea to make the first arrow disrupt the space mana, Jake quickly nodded to himself as he saw the kill notification as well as the level gained.

’DING!’ Class: [Arcane Hunter of Horizon’s Edge] has reached level 293 - Stat points allocated, +50 Free Points

Looking down at the battlefield, he confirmed the survivors. He knew quite a few had died because he didn’t attack earlier, but honestly… he’d wanted to see what they were capable of. Jake had wanted to respect their final stand, and only when the result was absolutely clear he attacked. Well, alright, he had only really delayed his attack half a minute, as he had arrived a bit late and had to do all his prep work, but he could have struck earlier, saving a few of them.

Seeing the World Leader fight so valiantly against the Prima Guardian, along with all her allies, was honestly… underwhelming. It wasn’t even as if her level was that low. In fact, she nearly matched Jake himself, being only three levels lower.

[Human – lvl 282]

Jake was thrown out of his thoughts when he felt a few gazes on him, the people below having spotted him. Seeing no reason not to at least introduce himself to another World Leader – and because he knew Miranda wanted him to play nice with galactic politics - he began floating down, descending using the remnants of the trails left by his Arcane Powershots.




***
Chapter 950: Jake & Covert Galaxy Politicking


***






While floating down to meet the battered and beaten World Leader and other survivors, Jake couldn’t help but reflect a bit on the fight. More accurately, one aspect of the fight.

It had come as a bit of a surprise, but despite the Prima Guardian being in the middle of a battle against other people, Jake had fully benefitted from Lone Hunter throughout everything. It had been active from the moment Jake decided to kill the Prima Guardian, even as it was actively fighting several others.

This didn’t make much sense to Jake. How was it considered a solo hunt with so many people involved? However, when he considered it a bit more… why wouldn’t Lone Hunter have been active?

Jake was hunting alone.

He wasn’t allied with the World Leader or anyone else on this planet. They were just there. Background noise to his own hunt and – to put it bluntly – just part of the environment. It was no different from if Jake stalked two beasts fighting and decided to get involved in the middle of it to take them both down. If Lone Hunter didn’t work in a situation like that, Jake would have found it weird.

Perhaps it also played a role that these people simply weren’t strong enough to ever qualify as hunting companions. The final strike of the World Leader had been okay-ish but pretty damn telegraphed, and when Jake held it up against something like the Sword Saint’s Glimpse of Spring: Erosion… yeah, it was like comparing stabbing someone with a spear or a toothpick.

Returning his focus to the real world, Jake kept descending as everyone who’d survived just stared at him. It was moments like these he was happy to be wearing a mask, as he would have felt pretty damn awkward without it.

In their gazes, he saw a lot of different emotions, but none seemed outright hostile. One could argue that Jake should have stepped in earlier to see if he could save more of them… but why would he have? He’d only gotten involved once it was absolutely certain they would lose. In his mind, getting involved before that may have been a disservice more than anything.

Scenarios where talents face death were multiversally also recognized as opportunities for tremendous growth. Many of Jake’s skill upgrades had come in moments where things weren’t looking good, which was far from rare. Jake choosing to attack the Prima earlier may have potentially robbed the World Leader and others of such an opportunity, something he himself would hate others doing to him.

Besides, if he’d really wanted to be fully selfish, he would have waited for the Prima Guardian to kill everyone before attacking. As things were, he barely delayed getting involved as most of the time he’d spent waiting had been prep time for his opening strike.

Anyway, Jake took his time floating down to meet everyone, primarily to give them all a bit of time to gather themselves. Miranda had also talked to Jake about the importance of theatrics at times to leave a more lasting impression. Even Villy was a fan of showing off, though his reasoning was more about the importance of looking cool while doing something.

Some of the survivors had gone to help their more injured comrades, and Jake saw that the space mage had survived. Despite having been close to the epicenter of the crater, he had barely taken any damage but had only been blasted away. Jake’s destructive arcane energies had been focused on killing the Prima, meaning he had been spared for the most part, and with some healing, he should be okay.

Probably.

Arriving at the same height as the World Leader, she seemed to finally snap out of her stupor as she bowed her head. ”Thank you for saving us. I am Olliandra, the World Leader of this planet. May I know the identity of our savior?”

Jake felt a sense of caution even as she asked, which gave Jake a more positive impression of her. Even under these circumstances, she was level-headed enough to question who or what Jake was, as well as his intentions for helping them. Also, he could admit it was a bit weird for a guy to show up and just kill the Prima Guardian without further elaborating.

”Thayne,” Jake just answered, choosing to go with his last name. ”World Leader of the planet Earth.”

The woman looked like she was searching her memory about who he could be, but she seemed to come up blank. One of the reasons Jake had chosen to not go with his identity as the Chosen of the Malefic Viper was to see if people even knew his name. He had been told that Ell’Hakan had spread some information about Jake but clearly hadn’t gone as far as to use his actual name… though he would come to learn in not that long that his brilliant ruse of only using his last name was kind of moronic.

Anyway, Ell’Hakan using Jake’s title over his name made sense. From the beginning, he had been trying to frame Jake as more of a symbol rather than a person. Only using his title would help accomplish that.

”I apologize; I do not believe I have heard of you,” the World Leader called Olliandra said, keeping her very polite tone. Despite her state, she also tried to keep an aura of dignity, which was pretty hard considering her missing arm and overall bloody appearance.

Jake decided to also be a bit polite as he took a quick look around. ”Rather than speak here, you should gather your allies and attend to the wounded. We shouldn’t waste more time than needed either. You have a Planetary Core to claim and an army of Primas to address.”

Olliandra quickly nodded. ”Thank you… would you be willing to follow me to our capital city?”

”Sure,” Jake agreed. He was a bit interested in seeing what the other planets of their galaxy looked like, and this one had been pretty average so far. It looked a lot like Earth, except the plants were quite a lot different, and the rocks all had a yellowish tinge to them.

It didn’t take those able to move about long to gather the survivors and prepare to head back to the capital. Contrary to before the system, unless people were fully dead, chances are they would naturally stabilize themselves if left alone for a bit. There were circumstances where injuries could be bad enough to still lead to death, but unless harmful energies had been infused into the blows and lingered, this was rare. Okay, if poison was involved, dying after the fact was also pretty normal, but the Prima Guardian hadn’t used any poison.

With everyone gathered, Jake saw Olliandra look toward the crater as Jake shook his head.

”The Prima Guardians do not leave anything behind. Any rewards are inside the Prima Vessel and only become available after all the regular Primas are also dead,” Jake quickly explained.

She looked at him weirdly for a moment before she cautiously asked to clarify: ”Has your planet already killed its Prima Guardian and all Primas?”

”Of course,” Jake just said.

”How… how powerful was it compared to this one?” she asked hesitantly. It wasn’t a secret that the Prima Guardians scaled based on the planet, and it wasn’t a reach either to assume that the one Jake had faced had been quite a bit different.

”I see little meaning in comparing them,” Jake simply shook his head. The levels and the sheer difference in power between the two variants did make them difficult to compare. In fact, the only real thing they had in common was their durability and their ability to somewhat adapt, though the level of adaption of the Exalted Prima Guardian had been insane. This one seemed to just absorb some magical concepts from others.

This narrative has been purloined without the author's approval. Report any appearances on Amazon.

Which proved to be a good thing, as it had no counters to when Jake struck. It had also helped a bit that it was already damaged and had spent a fair amount of energy. Of course, the primary reason it had been so easy to kill was due to Jake landing a Protean Arrow from stealth. With Lone Hunter improving the effects of Stealth Skills further, along with his Big Game Hunter, it felt like the skill gave double the benefits when using Stealth Attack.

”I see,” Olliandra just nodded, not pressing further. From the look in her eyes, she seemed to get what Jake was getting at, though.

Their group flew down toward the small ruined fort, where a teleportation circle remained intact. Jake saw Olliandra clearly struggling just moving around, her boosting skill having done quite a number on her internals. Still, she hadn’t asked anyone for help, so neither would Jake offer. It wouldn’t look good for her either if another World Leader assisted her just with walking.

Returning to the capital city through the teleportation circle, Jake found himself within a massive and pretty damn impressive city. Tall and mostly rectangular towers were erected everywhere, the yellow-tinged stone really shining through. Quite literally, as the stone apparently became golden and reflective when polished.

Technology-wise, Jake guessed this planet had been pretty medieval pre-system. It was a bit weird how most planets seemed to have been, considering how quickly civilizations usually developed, but perhaps Earth had just been weird in that regard. Thinking on it further, the benefits of having been technologically advanced before the system were pretty much non-existent, while if you lived in a medieval world where things like swords and spears were normal, you would have an advantage.

The World Leader quickly escorted Jake to a large cathedral-looking building, which Jake later came to learn also served as the royal palace. Scouting the capital city, it was quite clear no Primas had reached it yet, but people were on high alert, and there weren’t as many around as Jake would expect.

After quickly cleaning herself up to look somewhat representable, Olliandra went to meet Jake, who hadn’t bothered staying in the proposed meeting room but had gone to the clocktower that overlooked the city. He saw that she was joined by the space mage who’d recovered enough to walk, though, from his aura, it was clear he could do little more than walk around. Jake guessed he’d only joined out of worry for his World Leader.

”I apologize for making you wait,” Olliandra said as she joined Jake, taking out two chairs for her and the mage to sit alongside Jake.

”I was the one who proposed postponing our talk,” Jake said. It was already enough that she prioritized meeting with him over going to claim the Planetary Pylon. Then again, maybe she was unsure if Jake truly would allow her to claim it.

”And for that, I thank you,” she bowed her head, something the space mage clearly didn’t like, but he tried to not let it show. He was pretty bad at being sneaky, though. Jake would really recommend the guy to buy a mask, they did wonders at hiding your actual emotions.

”If I may,” the space mage began. ”You are from the Prima Guardian Alliance, correct?”

”Technically, everyone who can teleport here from other planets is,” Jake answered. ”But I guess that isn’t what you are asking.”

”Were you sent here by them?” he followed up, his eyes glowing with reverence for a moment. ”Did the Celestial Child not turn his back on us after all?”

Jake would lie if he said the question surprised him. He would also lie if he said it didn’t offend him.

”Celestial Child, huh,” Jake said, smiling beneath his mask. ”What makes you think someone like him could order me to go anywhere?”

He wanted to call Ell’Hakan something far worse but restrained himself. Being openly hostile toward the orange fuck would only play into the guy’s plans. Better to just take the approach of finding it offensive that Ell’Hakan even dared try to compare himself to Jake.

”I thought he was the leader of the Prima Guardian Alliance?” Olliandra asked, a bit confused. ”He is the Chosen of Yip of Yore, a god comparable or even superior to the twelve Primordials. If he didn’t send you… why did you come here?”

”I came here to hunt down the Prima Guardian,” Jake answered. ”As for the other nonsense you said… let me just give you some kind advice: don’t believe everything you hear, especially not when it comes out of the mouth of someone like Ell’Hakan.”

”What do you mean by that?” the space mage asked in an offended tone, not even trying to hide it anywhere.

”Exactly what I said,” Jake answered. ”I’m not even telling you to trust me either. Just to show caution and to watch yourselves. Ell’Hakan can manipulate the emotions of others, often without them even noticing. Simply being aware of this is the best defense and you should continually question yourselves while in his presence if what you are feeling is genuine. That’s the only advice regarding him I’m going to give you.”

”Could you elaborate on what you mean by manipulating emotions?” Olliandra asked skeptically. ”I’m confident I would have noticed if he ever did anything. Most World Leaders or politically inclined would, considering the plethora of skills we have to defend against or at least detect such things.”

”Skills can’t block Bloodlines,” Jake just shook his head.

Olliandra looked like she was about to say something but stopped herself as she looked deep in thought. The space mage also kept quiet, as he seemed to have some internal debate going on.

After a few seconds of silence, the other World Leader seemed to have reached some conclusion as she bowed once more. ”I thank you for your warning, Lord Thayne. It has given me much food for thought. We haven’t had many interactions with the Celestial Child, and I do not believe we are in his good graces in the first place after we didn’t go along with his plan for this event.”

”What did you just call him?” the space mage asked as his head perked up.

Olliandra gave the mage a look of disapproval due to his sudden outburst. He didn’t even seem to notice, though, as he just stared at Jake.

”You… you’re the Chosen of the Malefic Viper?”

See, this was why calling himself Thayne was a pretty damn useless and dumb thing to do if he didn’t want people to instantly recognize who he was, considering there was a Leaderboard available with his full name at the top, placed right at the entrance to the most visited World Wonder in the multiverse.

With the cat out of the bag, Jake nodded. ”Among other things, yes.”

The mood in the clocktower changed as Olliandra now stared at Jake with much concern… proving that the propaganda from Ell’Hakan definitely had hurt his reputation. Or maybe the Viper’s reputation had hurt his reputation. Either way, her knowing he was the Chosen of the Malefic Viper didn’t seem to give her a more positive impression.

”I… I fail to understand why the Chosen of the Malefic Viper has decided to visit this planet,” Olliandra said after a bit.

”To kill your Prima Guardian,” Jake just answered, not changing his own tone. ”The system event will give rewards based on your overall performance during the entire event. This includes what you do on other planets.”

”But… why here?” she continued questioning.

”You were the first planet to accept my application,” Jake responded in a deadpan tone.

”That can’t have been the only reason…”

”Turns out it can,” Jake shook his head and couldn’t help but smile. ”That truly is the only reason I came here. You were the first planet to accept my request, and I only came here to kill the Prima Guardian. Everything happening now is just me trying to be polite as a fellow World Leader.”

”Is it true you are in a conflict with the Celestial Child?” the space mage finally also asked, his look quite complicated.

”That is what people say,” Jake just answered. ”Personally, I feel like he’s a far more significant threat to the ones who sided with him in the Prima Guardian Alliance than he is a problem for me.”

The clocktower was silent once more as the two of them digested Jake’s answer. In the end, Jake was the one who broke the silence.

”Well, I guess I have lingered here long enough,” Jake sighed as he stood up. ”I also believe you have plenty of matters to attend to, including claiming your Planetary Pylons and handling the Primas still roaming your world.”

Olliandra looked at Jake a bit weirdly, as she couldn’t help but ask. ”What happens from here? What is expected of us?”

”Haven’t I told you already? I came here to kill the Prima Guardian. That’s done. I didn’t come here expecting anything. With that, I’m not saying you can’t reach out to Earth for diplomatic purposes. Just that there are no requirements for you to do so.”

The other World Leader still seemed doubtful about Jake’s words, but he didn’t try to convince her further. Trying to prove he didn’t have some ulterior motive was borderline impossible, as proving a negative wasn’t a thing. Besides, he did kind of have an ulterior motive for coming, in wanting to at least mess with Ell’Hakan’s plans a little.

”Anyway, it was a pleasure to meet you, Olliandra. I wish you a happy hunt of the remaining Primas. I myself have more Guardians to slay and will not stick around longer than necessary,” Jake said as he prepared to leave.

”One last time, thank you for saving not just my life but likely this entire planet,” Olliandra bowed deeply. ”I hope to repay such favor one day.”

Jake just smiled as he stood at the edge of the tower, but before he teleported, he turned for one last comment.

”Actually, I will say one more thing regarding the Ell’Hakan matter. Say there was a conflict between us, one leading to outright hostilities. If I were you, I would heavily consider where you would wish to stand in such a conflict. Because if it becomes a battle with only one side left standing at the end… I don’t think I need to elaborate further.”

With that, Jake stepped down and teleported away from the clock tower, preparing to head back to Earth.

Second Prima Guardian down… and hopefully, some good politicking done, too.




***
Chapter 951: A Gray Flag


***






Olliandra sat in the clock tower, contemplating the final words of the Chosen as well as the entire conversation before it. His warning at the end was also pretty clear in intent: reconsider aligning yourself with Ell’Hakan. In fact, she should reconsider if she wanted to align their planet with anyone if she could avoid it. Olliandra felt like a conflict was definitely brewing, and having seen the power of the Viper’s Chosen, she didn’t want to fight against him. On the other hand, she also didn’t dare risk making the Chosen of Yip of Yore an outright enemy. This was a conflict far beyond what she or anyone else should get involved in, and her biggest hope was that they could watch it safely from the sidelines.

She also felt embarrassed she hadn’t realized he was the Chosen of the Malefic Viper when he introduced himself. In her defense, she hadn’t gone to see the Leaderboards even after finishing Nevermore. Only the space mage and a few others had decided to check it out, primarily to see if the Celestial Child – or Ell’Hakan, as it was perhaps more proper to call him – had achieved a good placement. Seeing those Leaderboards was mostly for vanity, after all, as she had never expected to meet anyone who would appear on it outside of Ell’Hakan.

After hearing the mention of emotional manipulation, she also felt a bit more suspicious than before as she looked at the space mage. ”You have attended several meetings with Yip of Yore’s Chosen present without me… can you lend any validity to him having a Bloodline capable of swaying emotions?”

The space mage, who had long been her most trusted comrade, looked deep in thought, seriously considering her question before answering: ”The fact I cannot outright deny it frightens me. Reflecting on my own impression of the Celestial Child, I do find myself questioning my own emotions on the matter. I cannot logically place why I felt such respect and reverence toward him. He is powerful, yes, but my own emotions do feel unnatural in retrospect. I cannot say for sure if this is due to some level of manipulation or if I simply acted irrationally, but I would veer on the side of caution.”

Olliandra was a bit taken aback by the response. She had honestly expected him to say that he hadn’t noticed anything and that the Chosen of the Malefic Viper was just trying to make them view Ell’Hakan more negatively due to his own personal bias. For quite a while, the mage had been a big fan of Ell’Hakan, talking about him being a great leader of the alliance and definitely the one to unite their galaxy under one banner.

However, now he looked full of doubt. Olliandra also admittedly believed Ell’Hakan would have been the one to unite them, but now she doubted that was going to happen… and if it did happen, it wouldn’t be through a peaceful expansion of the alliance and every planet choosing to align themselves with him willingly.

”What do you think our approach should be to these Chosen?” she chose to ask him.

”For now, we should address the Prima problems and claim the Planetary Core,” the space mage said. ”When it comes to the two Chosen… we are already considered part of the Celestial Child’s alliance on paper. Trying to at least probe what a relationship with the Chosen of the Malefic Viper would look like seems wise. Perhaps sending a delegation to this planet Earth could be considered. If it’s discovered and we are scrutinized by the rest of the alliance, we can always claim we did so because we were fearful of what would happen if we didn’t, or even excuse it as an attempt to gather information on a potential foe.”

”That strikes me as risky,” Olliandra responded. ”Trying to play both sides may result in us simply making both view us unfavorably. What’s more, if Ell’Hakan can truly manipulate emotions through a Bloodline, there is a big chance he can easily see through lies or deceit. I also would be cautious about trying to deceive the Viper’s Chosen and his faction… from what I heard, many talented individuals are aligned with him, some of which may discover any underhanded intentions.”

”Would it perhaps then be best to do nothing?” the space mage asked.

”No…” Olliandra shook her head. ”It’s unquestionable that the Chosen of the Malefic Viper saved our lives and our planet, while Ell’Hakan and his alliance did nothing, not even send a representative to hear us out. To not at least try to repay such a favor wouldn’t sit right with me. While it won’t be much, we will send a delegation to his planet and try to offer some token of our gratitude. If that ends up aligning us with him over Ell’Hakan… then so be it.”

Olliandra couldn’t help but think what would have happened if she hadn’t so stupidly chosen to release the Prima Guardian, which led to all this… and she genuinely couldn’t tell if this was a better outcome in the long run.

She also didn’t know who would win between the two Chosen. All she knew was that while Ell’Hakan and Lord Thayne were both considered peak geniuses of the multiverse… she had only seen one of them shatter her perception of what a C-grade would be capable of.

Jake finally discovered the first of the special privileges granted by the otherwise entirely useless ring he’d been rewarded with while in the Prima Vessel. After he’d left the clock tower, he had headed back toward the teleporter that could eventually take him back to the inter-galaxy teleporter. However, he came to learn all of that wasn’t necessary when the ring suddenly gave him some instinctive knowledge when he considered getting back to Earth.

His ring turned out to have the ability to teleport him back to the Prima Vessel on Earth. It wasn’t some instant teleportation, but Jake had to channel energy into the item for a bit over five minutes as it slowly formed a teleportation circle beneath him before finally triggering and taking him home. While that wasn’t as convenient as instant teleportation and could even be slower than the ”official” way in some instances, it was still pretty damn neat, and it meant Jake didn’t risk getting stuck on a planet.

Anyway, that’s what Jake did, as he was whisked through space and returned to Earth again, not even a full day after he left in the first place. Appearing back in the room within the Prima Vessel, he startled some poor space mage he didn’t even recognize who was scribbling down some of the runes of the magic circle, likely at the behest of Arnold or someone else trying to figure out more about how these teleporters worked.

Jake gave the guy a quick nod before he headed off to quickly talk to Miranda about what had transpired on the planet he’d totally forgotten to even get the name of. As a pleasant surprise, a teleportation circle that had seen set up right outside the Prima Vessel, connecting it to the rest of the planet. He knew they had a bunch of quick-to-set-up circles ready, but it was still good to see they had placed one at the Vessel to make travel easier.

Love what you're reading? Discover and support the author on the platform they originally published on.

While leaving the Prima Vessel, he saw Arnold busy in one of the rooms, with dozens of mages running around. He even saw Sandy inside a room, and he considered going in to say hello but decided not to. Again, he’d not even been gone for a day, and they looked very busy.

Arriving back in Haven shortly after, Jake made his way to Miranda who was back in her office, looking just as busy as Arnold. The perfect time for Jake to stop by and drop some information on her. When he entered the building, he got a few surprised gazes, and when he knocked and entered her office, she also looked up perplexed.

”I thought you had gone to assist some extremely desperate planet?” she asked, a bit confused.

”Oh, I did, and they were very desperate indeed. The World Leader decided she and her allies could totally take on the Prima Guardian on their own. Spoiler warning: they couldn’t. Ended up killing the Prima Guardian and talking a bit with the World Leader. Things went pretty well if I say so myself, and…”

Jake quickly gave an overview of what had happened and explained what he had talked about with Olliandra, as well as what he inferred about Ell’Hakan from their conversation. Miranda seemed pleased enough with how Jake handled things, though she did find his final comment a bit questionable, as threatening them wasn’t necessary in her eyes, though she doubted it had done much harm.

They also talked about Jake’s fuck-up when he introduced himself as Thayne – though Miranda did add that Jake really had no reason to try and hide his identity but should just flaunt it if he so wished. His identity as Jake Thayne, that is. When Jake expressed his surprise the World Leader hadn’t realized who he was earlier, considering the Leaderboards and all that, Miranda was far from as surprised.

”That is one thing you need to consider when you visit these other planets… so far, you’ve been used to interacting with individuals already familiar with the multiverse. People from Nevermore or large factions. Those blessed by gods who at least bestow some level of understanding upon their subjects. However, these are in the vast, vast minority in the multiverse. From here on out, chances are the ones you meet know nearly nothing besides what they potentially learned at Nevermore or second-hand from friends. Perhaps they only have some surface-level knowledge about twelve Primordials existing, but that’s it,” Miranda explained, Jake nodding along.

”I also noticed that the information they had seemed a bit… biased,” Jake added.

”Because much of it likely stems from Ell’Hakan or others in the alliance who were originally told by him. While I wouldn’t say it’s a safe assumption to make, I do think it’s very probable that the vast majority of multiversal knowledge these members of the Prima Guardian Alliance have is given by Ell’Hakan. I would expect most of what he’s given them to be true, but only to hide the half-truths and deceit more easily. Also, I will add that even if they haven’t been told lies by Ell’Hakan… it isn’t hard to believe that the Chosen of someone called the Malefic Viper isn’t the nicest guy and doesn’t have your best interest at heart. Let’s not pretend like The Viper is known as some altruistic being, so no one would expect his Chosen to be some hero.”

”Well, good, because I’m not,” Jake shrugged. ”I’m hunting down Prima Guardians purely out of selfishness. Potentially saving a few planets in the process is just a happy little coincidence.”

”Yeah, maybe don’t outright state that. At least let people be under the illusion you truly moved with intentions of saving them and that you genuinely care for the betterment of the galaxy,” Miranda sighed.

”I did call it a happy little coincidence,” Jake pointed out with a smile. ”If the choice is between killing two Prima Guardians, and killing one will save a bunch of people while killing the other won’t, I’ll go for the first one.”

”That’s good enough, I guess,” Miranda said. ”I would also just continue to call yourself Thayne or Lord Thayne or whatever. Just avoid introducing yourself as the Chosen of the Malefic Viper. Make it clear you are more than the rumors compel them to believe and that you are acting as the World Leader of Earth, not the Chosen of a Primordial. If they don’t connect the dots while you are there but only learn of your identity later… great. That will just confuse them and contradict what they’ve been fed by Ell’Hakan. If they do figure it out, do something similar to what you did here and have a calm discussion about Ell’Hakan if they initiate it. If not, no need to even talk about the guy.”

Jake nodded along, taking in her words. He still sucked at politics in his own eyes, so any advice he could get was more than welcome. There was one thing about this entire scenario that did make him question what he was currently doing, though. One Miranda’s question about helping out people sparked.

Why did they even need to be on good terms with the other planets of the galaxy in the first place? Why was it a problem if Ell’Hakan managed to claim the entire alliance for himself? Just because it made the other Chosen stronger? Even if that was the case, Jake genuinely believed Earth alone could face down the rest of the galaxy single-handedly.

Alright, In truth, he did know the answer. If they just let Ell’Hakan roam free, there was a good chance they would one day be put in a scenario where they would have to fight the rest of their galaxy. However, that wouldn’t benefit them in any way, either. In fact, all that would do was leave them with a barren galaxy with a bunch of ruined planets and potentially a lot of enemies, as there would definitely still be survivors from all those planets split across the multiverse. Then, there was also the fact it would help Ell’Hakan spread the story that the Chosen of the Malefic Viper was a maniac who destroyed his own galaxy, but Jake honestly didn’t care much about that anymore.

Either way, it would be better if Ell’Hakan just never managed to unite the galaxy. Jake also didn’t see much sense in just letting the guy do as he wanted if they could stop it. Plus, he and the others did genuinely want to hunt down Prima Guardians, so it wasn’t like they lost out by making a few friends and allies along the way.

As he had said to Miranda, if he had the choice, he would prefer to save as many planets across the galaxy as he could. Assuming it didn’t cause any harm to himself and those he cared about, that is.

After he and Miranda spoke a bit more, she sent Jake off once more to try and save more planets from their big bad Prima invasion. Before he left, Miranda had even given him a new message to paste into his applications to hopefully get a better acceptance rate. He wasn’t a big fan of how it read, but he could see how it would work better… even if it was kind of lying:

”High-level hunter seeking to assist in slaying Primas. Would prefer to operate alone. Spent the full duration in Nevermore and is confident in taking down Primas solo if necessary. No compensation is required, acting solely to increase rewards from the system event.”

Perhaps saying it was kind of lying wasn’t entirely correct either… Prima Guardians were technically Primas. The rest of it was also true. Alongside this small blurb, it also contained some other information and what looked like a letter of recommendation from Miranda. All in all, the message was a lot longer, far more so than Jake believed necessary… but if it helped him get to kill more Primas, then so be it. All he needed the message to do was bring him to the planet, not like they could forcibly remove him once he was there.

Getting back to the Prima Vessel once more, Jake headed inside and went straight to the teleporter and the big map showing all the available planets.

Jake quickly looked at the map as he saw it. All the usual flags for planets were there. Red for those fighting the Primas without the alliance, green for those who had already dealt with their Guardian – with the one he had just visited now marked green - and blue for those part of the Prima Alliance. However, now there was a new color.

One of the flags had turned gray. One of those that had been red before. When Jake focused on the flag, he saw what the color meant:

The first planet of the Milky Way had officially fallen to a Prima invasion.




***
Chapter 952: A Bright World


***






It was inevitable not all planets would survive this system event, especially not the planets that chose to face the event alone. On Olliandra’s planet, Jake learned that some World Leaders had truly become drunk with their measly power, believing themselves capable of things way outside their capabilities. She had just been lucky that she had only gotten too overconfident after also deciding to join the alliance.

The planet that had fallen was one that wasn’t part of the alliance, so it wasn’t even as if anyone could have saved it, even if they wanted it.

One of the first things Jake checked was the information provided by the system that gave a general overview of the planet. What he saw wasn’t very positive. According to the report, the number of enlightened people still alive was a bit less than a million. A meager number for an entire planet.

Next up, he checked something else: the possibility of teleporting there. However, as they had not been part of the alliance, they had never received or created the teleportation circle provided to those part of the alliance. They naturally also hadn’t claimed the Prima Vessel either, meaning there was no easy way to get there… at least not without the teleporter Arnold was working on.

Jake also considered for a moment what would happen on the gray-flag planet now. The Prima Guardian would have gained its second key and gone to claim the Planetary Pylon, and once that was done… Jake wasn’t entirely certain what would happen next.

If the Prima Guardian was like the two other ones he had seen, it would die by itself after some time due to the instability of its soul. When that happened, the planet would be left in the hands of the Primas. It was also a good question if they would remain Primas after the event ended. Perhaps they just wouldn’t be able to have offspring that was also considered Primas, meaning the variant would die with them, and in only a single generation, the planet would be dominated solely by beasts and monsters, many of which had Prima parents.

With the Prima Guardian claiming the Planetary Pylon, the Pylon would also be transformed back into simply being a Planetary Core. For the planet itself, this wouldn’t matter, all it did was reduce the value of the planet for any enlightened who wished to claim it. If this reversal to a normal Planetary Core happened after the Prima Guardian died, Jake wasn’t sure.

All he knew was that monsters couldn’t claim and control Planetary Pylons. At least not usually. It required a certain level of nobility title to do so, and since monsters couldn’t get nobility titles, they couldn’t claim it. Well, the King was an outlier, but he was also literally a Unique Lifeform, so him having unique circumstances shouldn’t come as a surprise.

This isn’t to say that claiming a Planetary Core wasn’t valuable to a monster. One could just look at the Ghostvine on the moon that had claimed the moon’s core that wasn’t even a real Planetary Core. The core was a wellspring of pretty much infinite energy and a top-tier natural treasure for any monster that claimed it and slowly absorbed its energies to grow. The only downside of a Planetary Core was that it was really hard to move around, and moving it would often end up ruining it.

While thinking, Jake even began to theorize part of the reason these Prima Guardians were even a thing was to make sure the Planetary Pylons were turned into Planetary Cores should the planet lose during the system event. However, even if the Pylon was turned into a core, that didn’t mean all enlightened died, right?

Let’s hope the remaining survivors can survive till the planet potentially opens up or until Arnold finds success… maybe the regular Primas aren’t as aggressive toward people after the Planetary Pylon has been claimed… for their sake, I hope that’s the case, Jake thought, though he knew it was very hopeful thinking.

This was the risk one faced if they chose to take on the Prima Guardian alone. It was scary to consider that the choices of one incompetent World Leader could doom an entire civilization in such a direct way, and Jake was happy he had chosen to divvy out any such responsibilities and decision-making. Oh, and that when he did make unilateral decisions, he was at least strong enough to back up his own choices.

Then again… perhaps that is also what the now-dead World Leader of the fallen planet had believed.

Shaking his head, Jake focused on helping out where he could actually do something. He began quickly checking out planets to apply to, and shortly after, he found one that seemed worth visiting. Having actually read the descriptions, this one mentioned the World Leader’s intentions to face the Prima Guardian as soon as they believed they had gathered a powerful enough force, and they were recruiting anyone willing to join them from the galaxy. No mentions of Ell’Hakan anywhere, either.

In fact, it mentioned that it was open for debate for people to be able to stay after the event, with even offers of high-ranking positions up for grabs. All of this seemed great, and the planet seemed interesting, but one thing caught his attention more than anything else… the population.

A hundred and seventy-two billion people.

That was more than twenty times the people Earth had before the integration, with that number lower now due to the many deaths. Sure, in the future, Jake didn’t doubt their population would balloon, especially with how big Earth was now, but for a planet to have this extreme population numbers now must have meant they had a huge population before the system.

He did question why they didn’t believe they had a big enough force to face the Prima Guardian with that many to choose from, but he would probably learn why shortly if they accepted him.

Applying to the planet, Jake waited for a few minutes with nothing happening. Sighing, he began to look for other places to go instead, but just then, a notification appeared, informing him his application had been accepted. He had been a bit worried his title as World Leader would prove a problem, but luckily that wasn’t the case.

In fact, maybe it even proved to be a boon.

Using the teleporter, Jake was whisked through space across the galaxy for the third time that day. Luckily, the teleportation was always instant, as his vision only turned black for less than a second before he found himself standing on top of a large teleportation circle. Through a Pulse he immediatly released upon arrival, he saw he was within a large dome of metal, not unlike the one Arnold had made. This dome was placed in the middle of nowhere, as only pure wasteland could be seen all around.

The teleporter itself was in a room in the center of the dome. Jake also quickly noticed that this wasn’t the only one. Several teleportation circles were placed on different floors on top of one another, seemingly all linked together somehow. As he arrived, he saw three people walking toward him. All of them were elves, wearing similar white and gray robes, with the woman in the middle having a slightly more elaborate robe with two men at her side wearing simpler ones. Yep, definitely a clear sign the woman was of higher rank than the two dudes.

”Greetings, hunter. Or should I say, World Leader,” the woman said with a smile as she approached. Her way of greeting made it clear she had fuck-all idea who Jake was besides the information he’d given.

”Greetings,” Jake responded with a nod. ”I believe my application made my purpose for coming clear?”

He had added a little extra in there besides what Miranda had given him.

”You wish to join the team that will take on the Prima Guardian. However, before that, allow me to invite you to the Council Estate, where you can receive the proper welcome of a World Leader,” the woman said. ”Do not worry. The team for the Prima Guardian is still being assembled as we are hoping more capable mercenaries will appear.”

”I assume this Council Estate houses the current leadership of this planet?” Jake asked clarifyingly.

”Certainly. Rather than rely on the judgment of a single World Leader, we have chosen to adopt a council to make more informed decisions in unison and to ensure the unity of every country,” the woman answered. ”I am sure the council will be more than happy to explain further once you arrive.”

”Not that dissimilar to my world, then. We also have a council of representatives,” Jake said, getting an approving look from the woman. Jake saw no reason not to at least make himself a bit more relatable by sharing minor details like that.

The three elves proceeded to escort Jake out of the large metal dome that Jake assumed was constructed for safety should a troublemaker arrive. Toward the outer edges of the dome, teleportation circles were set up to take people elsewhere on the planet, one of which they quickly went to and teleported to the capital city.

Now, Jake had wondered why so many planets had been medieval before… it turns out far from all of them were. Perhaps the metal dome should have been a clue, but the moment he appeared in the capital, he was overwhelmed by what he saw. He was also practically blinded.

Massive highrises filled the skyline, and every single building gave off an intense white light as if coming from a far too powerful LED. The entire city was bathed in this white light, making it look even more sterile than it already did, considering every single building was also white, amplifying the light. Everything was just white on white, with the most daring colors off-white or gray here and there. Oh, and they really loved reflective surfaces.

”Interesting architectural choices,” Jake commented as he was led unto a floating disc that would transport them to the Council Estate. Naturally, the disc was also glowing.

”Others have made similar comments,” the elven woman responded. ”We simply choose to embrace the light. There are many cultural, historical and religious reasons for this I will not bother you with, but our post-system logic is the increased appearance of young ones with the light affinity.”

”I see,” Jake nodded. That… kind of made sense. Exposing people a lot to one affinity could lead to it appearing in them, especially children. So, living in an environment filled with intense light energy would help if that was something they wanted. As for Jake, who decidedly did not have the light affinity, it was just annoying. Luckily, his high Perception allowed him to easily filter out the light enough to still see without any problems.

After flying through the high-tech planet for a while, they arrived at a massive building with several glowing spires on top of it. It was naturally the Council Estate, and Jake was led inside to meet with the council. On the way through the city, he saw millions of elves, all wearing similar clothes, and he really wanted to question what kind of society they were building but began to feel like there were a lot of… cultural issues that could pop up if he asked too many questions.

Better to just focus on the Prima Guardian. If Miranda then decided establishing positive relations with this planet was worth it afterward, so be it.

Inside the Council Estate building, Jake finally saw people who clearly weren’t from the planet. The building was large enough to have several wings, and within one of these wings, he saw about fifty people, all within different private rooms. Some of them were together in small groups, while others were alone, and all wore various equipment and were of multiple races. It was definitely the other mercenaries the planet had recruited so far to fight the Prima Guardian.

”How many mercenaries have you recruited so far?” Jake asked while they walked.

”A few hundred, with most of them out there fighting the Primas along with the armies,” the elf responded.

Jake nodded as they continued to walk in silence until they reached a large semi-circular meeting room. Within, Jake saw quite a few people already gathered, while he saw magical constructs occupying other spots. Clearly, they were waiting for his arrival, and the escorting elf motioned for Jake to enter, which he promptly did.

The room’s design was pretty interesting in that it didn’t use height to place the council members higher up than anyone visiting – a very popular design choice that even the system used during the World Congress.

Inside, Jake found himself standing before twenty-nine elves who were there in person and exactly fifty who were there only as projections, likely because they were busy elsewhere. Again, that made sense, seeing as they had a Prima invasion to deal with.

”Greetings, World Leader,” one of the elves who were there in person said. ”I am the representative of sector nineteen and shall serve as the speaker of the council for this meeting. It’s a pleasure to meet you.”

”I go by Thayne; it’s a pleasure to meet you all, too,” Jake nodded in greeting as he quickly did a scan of the room and noticed something a bit odd. While he couldn’t see the levels of the projected elves, he did see the ones of the elves present, and they were all surprisingly low. Not a single one of them was even above level 230.

Perhaps this was also why no one reacted when Jake introduced himself. He had very much expected at least one of them to recognize who he was, but nope.

”This may seem a bit direct, but may I ask why another World Leader has chosen to volunteer himself to help another planet fight their Prima Guardian? Much less why he has decided to do so on his lonesome?” the representative asked Jake.

Honestly, that was a pretty legit question, as it definitely was weird for a World Leader to act like Jake did. As for how he would answer, he saw no reason to lie.

”I have already led the forces of my planet to slay the Prima Guardian and all other Primas and now seek to hunt down more Prima Guardians as per the event to increase my own reward,” Jake answered, finally getting an emotional reaction from the people there as a lot of their facial expressions warped for a moment. Some with shock, others with disbelief, and quite a few with suspicion. Again, pretty fair. So was the next question.

”Truly?” the representative asked. ”To have completed the event already on your planet is truly impressive. If almost a little unbelievable.”

Jake just looked up at the council member, not answering, prompting them to continue.

”How are you affiliated with the one who calls himself the Celestial Child?” the speaker questioned, and from the tone, Jake instantly infered these people were definitely not allied with him.

”I’m not,” Jake simply answered. ”I would also like to turn that question back on you. How is this planet related to him?”

”He attempted to have us join his course, but by the guidance of the Great Bright One, we chose to reject such propositions,”  the council member and speaker answered with a bit of disdain in their voice.

Jake wanted to ask about this Great Bright One right away but chose not to do so immediately. Instead, he nodded and asked some more general questions about how the efforts against the Primas were going and about the planet in general.

What he did do was use Identify a few more times. Usually, Jake didn’t look for Blessings, as the more he tried to see with Identify, the more likely its usage was to be detected. However, this time, he made an exception and…

[Elf – lvl 214 – Minor Blessing of the Great Bright One]

[Elf – lvl 219 – Minor Blessing of the Great Bright One]

[Elf – lvl 217 – Minor Blessing of the Great Bright One]

[Elf – lvl 215 – Minor Blessing of the Great Bright One]

Clearly, a god had a great hold on this planet. But, again, Jake chose to not pry too much. Who their Patron was shouldn’t matter too much if all he wanted to do was kill the Prima Guardian.

After Jake spoke with the council a bit longer, they seemed satisfied enough, as the speaker smiled.

”If you are truly as capable as you claim, would you be willing to prove it to us? Before we take the massive risk of activating the Prima Guardian, we will need some kind of assurance,” the elf asked.

Jake nodded, seeing no reason not to reject this. ”Very well.”

”Great,” the representative smiled. ”The attendant waiting outside can take you to one of our battlefields where you can prove your prowess. If the general approves, we can proceed to engage the Prima Guardian afterward.”

”Sounds good,” Jake said, relieved that the process of convincing them seemed quite simple.

”Irrelevant to your performance, we also see opportunities for diplomatic relations with your homeworld and would love to send a delegation once things are concluded here,” the speaker continued. Jake nodded once more, feeling pretty good about how things were going. He had even managed to do some good politicking.

”I’m certain we can figure something out,” Jake responded, as he asked something he could perhaps come to regret. ”Now, if I may… could you tell me a bit about the Great Bright One you mentioned?”

”Hm? This is surprising; I would have thought you had heard the divine one, seeing as you are not related to the heretic who calls himself the Celestial Child,” the speaker responded in a casual tone, still not hiding their disdain for Ell’Hakan. ”But allow me to enlighten you about the Great Bright One, the Creator of Light and Life and maker of the system itself.”

Oh… oh, great.

Yep, this pretty much confirmed it. Jake was dealing with a delusional cult.




***
Chapter 953: It's Hard Being This Weak


***






Maybe Jake was a bit hypocritical for calling the Great Bright One believers a cult, considering he was part of a faction that worshipped a giant snake god. Then again, the Malefic Viper’s organization was called an Order. Did he have a cult in the past? Yes, but now he had an Order, so it wasn’t the same thing.

As for how he would deal with them… time would tell. Jake wasn’t going to be antagonistic for no reason, though. Before he decided what he would do, he definitely needed some more information.

“I must admit I’m not that knowledgeable about this Great Bright One,” Jake said, as he tried to be a bit careful with his words. “But you said you expected me to know, considering I am not related to the one who calls himself the Celestial Child… what do you mean by that?”

The speaker seemed to confer with the others in the room for a moment before she answered. “This Ell’Hakan follows a god by the name of Yip of Yore. That in itself is no problem, but he has taken a rather fanatical approach and believes his god is superior to all others despite only having risen to godhood through the grace of the system made by the Great Bright One. To work with such an individual who is so deep in his delusions would be difficult for us. Don’t misunderstand; belief in the many gods of the multiverse and ignorance of the Great Bright One is not an issue, but someone who so blatantly disregards the Great Bright One isn’t someone we would want to work with.”

Alright, so they do acknowledge the existence of other gods… man, this is weird.

“I see,” Jake slowly nodded.

“Might I ask, seeing as you do not know of the Great Bright One, what does your planet believe in?” the speaker asked curiously. There didn’t seem to be any malicious intentions behind the question, so Jake answered truthfully.

“People are allowed to believe in whatever they want on my planet, as long as their beliefs do not cause harm to others,” Jake said. “Perhaps there are even followers of the Great Bright One.”

He seriously doubted it, but he couldn’t really know, now could he?

“Do you personally follow a god?” the speaker continued.

“No, not really,” Jake answered with a shrug.

What? Sure, he was the Chosen of Villy, but Jake wouldn’t say he “followed” the Malefic Viper in any way. Jake was more of a freeloader who yoinked some Records and enjoyed all the benefits like the good little heretic he was.

“If you want to, I’m sure the Voice of the One would gladly speak to you about the Great Bright One. Ah, the Voice of the One is the one who holds the title of World Leader here on our planet,” the speaker said, finally also speaking about the World Leader.

“Is the World Leader not on the council?” Jake asked curiously.

“He has an honorable position where he offers advice and input, but he rarely makes use of the powers bestowed upon him as the World Leader and trusts the council for all decisions. His participation is limited, though, as his role as the Voice of the One requires him to focus on listening to the guidance of the Great Bright One. However, I’m sure he would spare another World Leader some of his valuable time if you desire a meeting,” the speaker explained.

“Does he communicate with the Great Bright One even now?” Jake asked, trying to act impressed.

“Of course. The Voice of the One has been in communion for the past day to discuss when we are ready to face the Prima Guardian,” the speaker said in a revering voice. “His communion should be done by the end of the day, and we shall inform him of your arrival then. Until such a time, let us proceed with having you prove your prowess and capabilities to face the Prima Guardian. Let me also be transparent that we require more of you than the average mercenary, as we cannot in good consciousness risk your death, considering your identity as a World Leader.”

“That’s fair,” Jake nodded, as he believed he didn’t really have more to discuss with the council for now. He did have a lot of questions, but he chose to not ask any of them as he saw no reason to risk turning them hostile. At least not before he met this Voice of the One.

“Thank you all for this meeting; it was very enlightening,” Jake continued and couldn’t help but make a small pun. “I wish you all well. I shall now go see how powerful these Primas of your world truly are.”

“May the light of the Great Bright One guide your Path,” the speaker said with a bow, Jake nodding in acknowledgment as he walked out of the room. Outside, the attendant who had originally brought him there was waiting, and based on how her face had changed at times throughout the conversation he had with the council, she had definitely heard everything they said.

There was a lot to take in. Clearly, this Great Bright One had a firm hold on the population of the planet, and they all held unswayable faith. Yet they also didn’t seem hostile or even like they expected Jake or anyone else to believe the same thing they did, though they did expect people to recognize their beliefs. Clearly, they also knew of the existence of other gods. It was all just very weird, and Jake hoped the Voice of the One could shed some light on the situation. If not him, then maybe the attendant who was waiting for him.

Exiting the conference room, the attendant naturally stood ready and bowed in greeting. “I hope your meeting with the council proceeded well. I will admit I heard most of what was said, including that you are to prove your power by slaying a Prima. Do you wish for me to lead you to one of the battlefields immediately? I have one in mind, commanded by our top general. If you impress him, his word will hold more sway than anyone else’s. Besides that of the Voice of the One, of course.”

She said the last part jokingly, as if it was a given. Jake responded by nodding, agreeing to her proposal. “Please lead me there.”

With an enthusiastic nod, the elven attendant led Jake away from the Council Estate, seemingly in a better mood than when they arrived. She was also a lot more talkative on the way through the city as they headed for the military’s teleportation center – because, apparently, they kept those separate from the civilian ones on this planet.

Jake tried to probe as much as he could to learn more about the planet and the Great Bright One, even playing the part of an interested potential believer at times. The elven attendant gladly answered everything and volunteered much information Jake hadn’t even asked about. Jake knew she was probably trying to make the planet seem a lot better than it actually was, but it all sounded kind of… nice?

He had called them a cult, but he didn’t really hear anything cult-like outside of their looney beliefs. They didn’t force people into particular Paths like the Holy Church either or required absolute obediance and faith. Based on what Jake saw when he scouted with his Pulse, everything also seemed to track with what the attendant said. What was the most surprising was that people were allowed to freely leave without any problems, with a lot of people having chosen to do so, especially those who went to Nevermore. Of course, Jake couldn’t confirm these people chose to leave, but the attendant didn’t seem like she was lying.

The only real crime Jake would say the planet committed was being weak. Because he really didn’t see a lot of powerful people. After they teleported to the frontlines and Jake saw the so-called top general of the entire planet, this was further cemented.

[Elf – lvl 270 – Minor Blessing of the Great Bright One]

Sure, his level wasn’t atrocious, but he was weak. Jake didn’t feel any threat from the guy, and compared to the World Leader Olliandra on the last planet, this guy really sucked… and it wasn’t even like she was that strong either.

There was one thing, though. For him to reach that level, he had to have gone to Nevermore, right? Jake wondered how the extreme beliefs of the ones on this planet meshed with that. Jake could understand people leaving, but when he did a few scans here on the frontlines, he saw many who had gone to Nevermore. Really odd.

Jake had lots of questions, but he’d chosen to save them all for the Voice of the One. For now, he was there to prove he was strong enough to help with the Prima Guardian.

“Ah, you must be that solo World Leader I heard about,” the general said when Jake entered a large temporary building that looked like it was made out of white plastic and plexiglass.

“That would be me,” Jake confirmed. “I heard you have some Primas for me to hunt?”

“That’s quite the understatement,” the man chuckled, stroking his blonde beard. “We have managed to funnel them into this area pretty well with different lures and scouting teams, making this the single-largest battlefield on the planet for regular monsters and Primas both.”

“How many have you slain so far? Primas, that is,” Jake asked curiously.

“Based on the newest report, eighty-six. Mainly the more speedy types who got here from the Prima Vessel first. We make use of their differing speeds to not get overwhelmed with too many at a time, and so far, it’s working,” the general explained.

Jake nodded, having also done a few Pulses to see the base camp and some of the battlefield. Things were honestly pretty well organized, especially when one considered the massive advantage this planet had: pure fucking numbers. Jake wasn’t even talking about C-grades here. They had millions of D-grades also helping in this war, primarily serving to help amplify magical formations or defensive barriers.

“Just point me to the Prima you want dead, and I’ll handle it. Alone. My Path allows me to land incredibly powerful blows from stealth and then leverage that into an advantage, using a bow,” Jake said, explaining a bit of his Path. It wasn’t like he would have hidden this part anyway, and he saw no harm in telling the general to earn some trust points.

“Alright… sounds like you would do well against mage types,” the man nodded. The table in front of him changed as a 3D map was shown of the nearby battlefield. A section of it was highlighted, as the general explained. “We got one such Prima in this area. Hidden pretty well, and very annoying when it shows up. It also seems a lot more intelligent and cautious than most other Primas. It was one of the first to arrive, but the problem is that every time we tried to move in on it, it retreated to recover, only to return shortly after to unleash a few skills. It has done this four times so far and has caused a few thousand casualties already.”

“Sounds like a good target,” Jake agreed, a bit impressed with the Prima for acting like that. Were the ones on Earth also that smart? C-grades did tend to all be smart, so probably? Chances are, the ones on Earth never had the chance to show off just how bright they were due to dying too fast.

The general seemed pleased as another 3D model appeared, this one showing a thin, kind of humanoid creature that looked like the mix between a jellyfish and an octopus. At least it had a mix of feelers and tentacles instead of arms and legs, with a few also just extending out here and there from its body.

“This is the newest scan we have of it. It possesses space magic and some form of force magic we believe. Perhaps just a derivative of space magic, our data is inconclusive on that front. Our original plan was to prepare a team of rogueish fighters to take it down, but if you can do it, that would be more than welcome,” the general continued.

Honestly, all of this was unnecessary, but Jake chose to act as if this was all critical information as he nodded along. He wanted to learn more about what was going on with this planet and this Great Bright One, and Jake was pretty sure proving himself too strong could make that very hard.

That’s why he had decided to prove himself strong but not overpowered. He would also make it look like he was a one-trick pony who only really had the strategy of landing powerful blows from stealth and then just shooting a few more arrows afterward, hoping it would be enough. Alright, that kind of was his strategy most of the time… moving on.

After a bit more briefing, the general was suddenly interrupted as some magic message seemed to arrive. “New attack incoming… and it looks like your target may also be on its way based on our scanners.”

“I’ll get set up right away,” Jake nodded.

“Be aware I will have a scout keep an eye on you during all this,” the man noted. “She will keep her distance to not reveal your position, but we naturally need someone to witness and attest to your abilities.”

“That’s only to be expected,” Jake agreed. “I’ll head out. Good luck on the frontlines.”

“And good luck to you,” the general nodded. “May the Great Bright One bless your quest.”

Jake simply nodded and headed out to take down the Prima. On the way out, he got a mini projector thing that could show a map of the battlefield, and it was even live-updated with the estimated position of the Prima he was to kill.

Honestly, it was all some impressive tech, and Jake felt like Arnold would have liked things on this planet… though he would probably also think they were simplistic and didn’t have enough void magic.

While making his way forward, he also briefly made eye contact with the scout who was to keep an eye on him, the woman not trying to hide what she was doing. Jake just gave her a brief nod as she followed behind him at a good distance, using okay-ish stealth skills. He also used his own stealth skills, though he didn’t go full-on Unseen Hunter.

Getting to the battlefield didn’t take long, and Jake observed things for a while to see how the elves fought. As expected, lots of light magic was going on, with burning rays filling the air and scorching beasts in droves.

Some of this light magic came from towers constructed near the frontlines, with each of these towers having a group of five C-grades at the top, while the inside was filled with D-grades and magical scripts, making these D-grades effectively serve as batteries and amplifiers. A few D-grades wouldn’t help much… but stuff a few thousand into a tower, and it could do some work. Again, seeing how a planet with such a huge population had adapted to fight was very interesting.

Jake kept looking as he made his way forward, being careful with his speed so the scout could keep up, and he didn’t show off too much. Soon enough, he spotted his target in the distance, and as the general had said, it definitely played things safe. Its way of fighting also reminded Jake a bit of the Fallen King, as it sent out blasts of force here and there, though it was definitely more specialized for long-range combat rather than mid-range.

He took a bit longer to find a good vantage point, at which point he began setting up. To sell his one-trick style of combat, Jake began to put down a magic circle around him before he would shoot. What did this circle do? Nothing, Jake just made up some bullshit, but he kept the runes super fucking complicated to make sure the scout couldn’t see he was faking it.

After about a minute of setting up the fake magic circle, Jake finally took out his bow. He had considered it and decided to still use a Protean Arrow, though he wouldn’t make one with full power. His reason for using one was more for aesthetic reasons. It just made more sense that a big arrow would do way more damage than a small arrow.

Finally, Jake nocked the arrow and began to charge Arcane Powershot. He very carefully estimated how much power he put in before he released the string and sent the arrow flying. The Prima he targeted noticed the attack coming its way and tried to react, but Jake used Gaze to ensure it would hit.

The arrow struck the Prima right in the chest before exploding, sending it flying backward as parts of its body were blown apart. Jake had very deliberately ensured he wouldn’t one-shot it, just get very close.

He followed up with three more arrows before the Prima could recover, finally taking it down for good.

You have slain [Tencufi Prima – lvl 279]

Jake nodded, satisfied with his performance. However, when he saw the scout, she looked on with wide eyes while gawking.

Seriously? Jake questioned. He had held back so much… did she have any idea how difficult it was to not one-shot something below his own level like that? It was really bloody hard to be that weak!

Either way, he hoped he hadn’t overdone it. Still, to buy some more good guy points, Jake unleashed a few more attacks, killing regular monsters that looked like they were causing problems for the many elven fighters. He only stopped when a group of winged beasts began to head his way, retreating as he quickly made his way back toward the general, trying to look extremely tired from this whole ordeal.

Jake had the scout go ahead as he made himself a lot slower to get back. He needed to give the scout some time to report while also hopefully selling that he was kind of tired. When he finally arrived and saw the very pleased look on the face of the general, Jake believed he had succeeded.

“Truly impressive… you might just be the strongest mercenary to have arrived thus far,” the general said. “At least you have the single-strongest attack I’ve seen. Very useful for hunting powerful monsters, for sure.

“I do have some more cards hidden that I’ve saved specifically for the Prima Guardian,” Jake shared, also trying to bring the topic back to the Prima Guardian. While the planet was interesting, his main objective was still to kill the big boss, after all.

“Certainly, we are one step closer to facing the Guardian, but to release it is not my decision, but up to the discretion of the Voice of the One and the guidance he receives from the Great Bright One,” the general shook his head before smiling. “Luckily for you, I got a report just before you returned… the Voice of the One has agreed to see you.”




***
Chapter 954: Voice of the One


***






Finally Jake would have a meeting with the World Leader of the humongously populated elven planet. He needed the guy to agree to engage the Prima Guardian, so this was what he had been waiting for. It was also why Jake had been holding back so far.

Jake felt pretty damn certain that had he gone full power from the get-go and flexed all over the elves, he would have never gotten a meeting with the Voice of the One unless he forced his way to one. Even so, there was a chance Jake would have to kill a lot of elves to get what he wanted… and he really didn’t see any need to do that.

People tended to fear people who were too strong. What Jake had presented proved that he was powerful, yes, perhaps even the most powerful individual on the planet… but not so strong that the general and others felt like they couldn’t still handle Jake should he choose to turn hostile.

To clarify, Jake didn’t see a world where they could handle him at full power if they did end up in a conflict. This was a big reason why he wanted to avoid having to fight in the first place.

It wasn’t like acting weaker than he actually was felt like a slight to his honor or anything. He would reveal himself soon enough when the time was right. All of this was just a strategy to most effectively get what he wanted without also doing a genocide.

Miranda also wouldn’t like it if Jake did a genocide. Definitely wouldn’t look good either from an outside perspective if Jake went to some peaceful elven planet and just started blasting. Ell’Hakan could definitely use that to spin his story about how truly evil Jake was. Last but not least… Jake just didn’t want to kill a bunch of weaklings for no damn reason if he could avoid it. It just felt icky.

Either way, operation “strong but not too strong” had succeeded, and Jake was on his way to a meeting with the Voice of the One. The attendant escorted him with much delight while praising how powerful he was. She also really laid it on thick how awesome the Great Bright One was, and her intent for Jake to join them was utterly shameless. Honestly, Jake respected the grift.

Once they arrived back in the capital city, they were soon joined by a group of elves to take Jake the rest of the way. However, in addition to these, Jake also saw a few of the mercenaries around, keeping an eye on things. Together with the elven escort that was definitely in the higher echelons of power of the planet and the mercenaries… yep, these were definitely the people meant to ensure Jake wouldn’t try anything.

Certainly wouldn’t have allowed me within a hundred kilometers of the Voice of the One if they thought I was a risk to his life, Jake thought confidently as he politely greeted the escort and followed them. Surprisingly, they left the capital city again and headed toward a large mountain Jake had spotted in the distance before but hadn’t really thought more about.

Jake flew with the same pace as his escorts, the mercenaries not even trying to hide they were also there. It didn’t take long before they arrived at the mountain, where Jake saw even more guards around. These were stronger than his escort, too.

What’s more, Jake couldn’t remember when he had last seen so many magical barriers and formations in one place. Mind you, this wasn’t because this was the most impressive Jake had seen, just that most seemed to prioritize quality over quantity, and because maintaining this many formations had to be expensive as hell.

He also saw that the mountain had been hollowed out, with a structure built within. In the center of the construction, Jake saw a room with a single person sitting inside. The man Jake was to speak with, he reckoned.

“The Voice of the One awaits inside,” one of the guards at the main gate said, as he carefully looked over Jake.

“I’m happy to have been allowed this meeting,” Jake said, continuing to play his role.

The guard just nodded and threw a glance at his partner. The two of them took out a token each as they lit up, making the door also light up, and a hallway filled with light appeared in front of Jake. It was so damn bright it looked like a laser shot out of the hallway, attempting to blind Jake.

Bloody hell, Jake cursed internally as he walked into the hallway of light. Once inside, he saw that the source of light was magic circles placed on every wall, with a one-way mirror placed in front of it so it would both send out and reflect light. It was so goddamn extreme and stupid Jake almost found it funny. Almost. If Jake had been a D-grade still, he was pretty damn sure he would have been burned to a crisp just walking through the hallway with his non-existent light affinity.

Now, he was fine, though. Not that it wasn’t annoying to walk through it, and he wondered how anyone could live there.

This hallway continued for nearly a hundred meters into the mountain, with a few paths off to the side here and there on the way, all covered with barriers of light that looked identical to the mirrors, making them incredibly hard to spot within the light-filled hallway. Behind these barriers, Jake also finally saw one of the reasons for the design of this place.

They had been pretty hard to see due to their incorporeal forms… but the mountain had quite a few light elementals within it. These elementals fed on the heavy light affinity mana to grow stronger, and Jake wouldn’t be surprised if they were somehow tied to the Voice of the One or even the Great Bright One.

Having reached the end of the hallway, it was time to find out what he was dealing with. A door opened up at the end of the hallway, and Jake walked inside and found himself in a small room with a couch and a chair that, for one, wasn’t filled with light. The door behind him closed as another one opened up in front of him, leading into where the Voice of the One sat.

Jake had been surprised at, and even praised, the way the Council Estate had designed their meeting room. He liked that they didn’t use height to indicate they had a higher position than any guests visiting. This was clearly not a sentiment shared by the Voice of the One.

The entire room was large and circular, with a large raised platform in the middle with a circular bed. On top of this bed, an elven man sat with his eyes closed, light mana revolving around him. He had long blonde hair that spilled out onto the bed, and he wore a bright white robe with intricate patterns on it. Entering the room, Jake quickly used Identify.

[Elf – lvl 287 – Greater Blessing of the Great Bright One]

Right as he did, the elf also opened his eyes, both shooting out beams of light for a moment. Jake immediately felt an Identify on him, and he felt pretty happy he had masked his true level before going to the planet. He was also impressed that the elf had a higher level than himself… though Jake wouldn’t comment on the power level he felt from the elf.

Alright, he would. Stronger than Olliandra but way weaker than Jake. Weaker than anyone on Earth’s strike team, too. Maybe around the level of Reika?

“Welcome, World Leader from across the stars,” the Voice of the One said in a voice that echoed throughout the hall.

“Hello there,” Jake said with a smile, also noting the Greater Blessing on the guy. A Greater Blessing was enough to allow someone to directly communicate with a god, albeit not very effectively. Usually, those blessed could only talk with their gods through rituals, prayers, some forms of meditation, or other unique circumstances where the god directly reached out. The higher your rank of Blessing was, the easier it was to hear the words of a god, and the easier it was to reach out.

The author's narrative has been misappropriated; report any instances of this story on Amazon.

Jake being able to directly talk with Villy was definitely not normal in the slightest… especially not these days.

“I hear you have proven yourself not only a leader but a hunter of impressive power. Thank you for offering your assistance to us,” the elven man said, nodding his head slightly in acknowledgment. “I was also told you wish to engage the Prima Guardian soon rather than later. However, after conferring with the Great Bright One, I must sadly inform you that this is not possible. It’s too soon, and we cannot be blinded by ambition and move too fast.”

And this was where Jake believed his role of being “strong but not too strong” ended, and his role as a“terrifying existence who can kill your Prima Guardian and threatens the entire planet if you piss him off too much” began.

Jake smiled as he looked at the Voice of the One.

“Impressive theatrics… this entire setup is indeed very elaborate. Definitely convincing to the masses,” Jake spoke, his tone and demeanor changed. Something the Voice of the One clearly noticed.

“I do not know what you are-“

“You said you just talked to the Great Bright One, right?” Jake asked with a raised eyebrow.

The elf nodded and was about to answer, but Jake cut him off before he had a chance to.

“See, that’s a little weird, isn’t it… considering I haven’t been able to reach out to the god who blessed me ever since the system event began,” Jake said, in a very much accusatory tone.

This was something Jake hadn’t really commented on, and it had even taken him a moment to notice… but ever since the Prima Guardian arrived on Earth and the event officially began, he had been cut off from Villy. Perhaps it was his time in Nevermore, where he spent fifty years cut off from the god, that had made it not feel that weird anymore not to have Villy observing anymore.

Considering it was a system event, perhaps this shouldn’t be overly surprising, but the event did feel different in that he could still travel around and even go to other universes. At least he believed he could, though he hadn’t tried. Either way… point was that the Voice of the One was full of shit when he said he had been talking to his god.

The atmosphere in the room changed with Jake’s accusation, and he got the feeling the elf was about to do something as Jake, for the first time since arriving on the planet, didn’t hold back at all. He fully unleashed his aura, mixing in a bit of Pride.

“I wouldn’t do anything stupid,” Jake said in a cold tone. “We’re just talking here, right?”

Staring down at Jake with wide eyes, the Voice of the One was visibly shaking. “You… you were sent here by Ell’Hakan, weren’t you?”

… what?

Alright… alright, he could try and roll with this.

“You know why I’m here,” Jake tried to act menacingly. Which, unsurprisingly, wasn’t very hard when the elf was already shaking in fear. At least he was for a moment, but he seemed to gather himself rather quickly and regained some dignity as he answered.

“I… we never intended to get into any conflict with the Prima Guardian Alliance, and there is no cause for this. We may not be working with you, but that does not make us enemies. All we want is to continue our peaceful existence and remain neutral,” the elf said.

Jake definitely felt like the villain in this situation, threatening the leader of a peaceful faction, but he still kept pressing.

“You paint yourself some peaceful leader, yet you rule through deceit and lies, making your entire planet believe this Great Bright One is some supreme god and creator of the system. Did you really think that would have no consequences?” Jake asked, trying to remain cold. “Also, do you truly think Ell’Hakan will allow you to just sit on the sidelines?”

The Voice of the One clenched his fists when Jake said this. For a moment, he seemed to reflect on something before he looked up at Jake with steeled eyes. “Says you, the servant of some delusional fucking lunatic who abuses his Bloodline to create fanatics to fight some other Chosen. And for what? To help his equally delusional Patron try and kill a Primordial? It’s lunacy, and yet you dare accuse me of anything. Did I lie? Yes, yes, I fucking did! How else was I supposed to get seventy-nine damn countries in one room and united under one banner? We would have destroyed ourselves before this event even started if I hadn’t! They needed something to gather around, some sense of certainty. Do I think this is ideal? Of course I don’t, but it’s not something I can fix right now, not when the entire damn galaxy is trapped between two Chosen trying to compete on who can be the biggest menace to the multiverse.”

To say he went off would be an understatement, as the Voice of the One yelled practically everything. Jake was honestly taken aback at the sheer fervor displayed by the elf, but more than that… he really hated Ell’Hakan, didn’t he? Not that he sounded like a massive fan of Jake, either.

The elf also clearly wasn’t done as he stood up. In all of the rooms within the mountain, Jake felt the light elementals stir as the Voice of the One prepared to call upon them. “I may not be as powerful as you, but even if I die, I sha-“

“No, we’re good,” Jake interrupted the guy as he raised a hand.

“… what?”

“We good,” Jake repeated. “Though I would recommend “orange fuck” over Ell’Hakan.”

A brief pause followed.

“Who are you?” the elf just stared confused.

“Thayne,” he finally introduced himself. Having revealed his power, keeping his name a secret didn’t matter much anymore, and it would also be nice to see if the guy recognized him.

“That name… you’re the Chosen of the Malefic Viper?” the Voice of the One asked with wide eyes.

“The one and only,” Jake answered nonchalantly. “Though I guess that isn’t super impressive in retrospect. Compared to the Great Bright One, the Malefic Viper is just some nobody, right?”

“I… that was never something I claimed…” the elf said, back to acting pretty damn fearful. “All I said was that the system was granted to us by the Great Bright One. Our Tutorial was organized by this god, and I did well and managed to get my Blessing there, and with it being the only divine influence anyone knew of… I will admit I took advantage to try and make the Great Bright One look far more impressive than any god can possibly be. However, I never claimed anything regarding power. I even tried to make them think of the Great Bright One as more like a concept than an actual living being.”

“Sounds like there is an entire story behind this entire Great Bright One thing,” Jake commented. “I may be interested in hearing it later, but for now, I’m far more interested in your little outburst regarding Ell’Hakan earlier.”

The elf hesitated but still answered after a few seconds. “The Chosen of Yip of Yore tried to recruit us for his alliance, and at first, I considered it… but the Great Bright One warned me. In retrospect, something certainly was wrong during our meeting, and after the Great Bright One explained his Bloodline, I understood what he did. Joining hands with him isn’t actually joining hands, but collaring yourself. A collar that may become a noose at any moment should Ell’Hakan so desire.”

Jake nodded at the pretty expected explanation as he asked a follow-up question: “How does the Great Bright One know so much about his Bloodline?”

“The Great Bright One was once a light elemental that has often worked with the Holy Church, even if he isn’t a member. From my understanding, he learned about Ell’Hakan through someone he knew in the Church.”

“I see,” Jake nodded. That did make sense. “Now, not to put you on the spot… but what are your thoughts on the Chosen of the Malfic Viper?”

It was definitely a bit cheeky to ask that, but Jake couldn’t help himself.

“In truth, not very positive. All I know of you is that you are the Chosen of the Malefic Viper, a god not known as the kindest or most merciful, and that you are by proxy in a conflict with Ell’Hakan due to your Patron. Nothing indicates to me your presence here isn’t an existential threat,” the elf answered.

Jake nodded, considering all of this from the elf’s perspective. It definitely had to suck being stuck in the middle like this while you just wanted to remain neutral.

“Fair enough. But I was truthful when I said I doubt Ell’Hakan will allow you to remain on the sidelines. Perhaps he would for a while, but his ambitions and Path require him to expand his influence and control,” Jake said.

“I’m well aware,” the elf sighed. “It truly is a choice between two evils, huh? Either we subjugate ourselves to the Chosen of the Malefic Viper or a maniac who uses his Bloodline to control your emotions.”

“No?” Jake asked, confused.

“What?” the elf said, equally confused.

“I don’t care if you remain neutral,” Jake shrugged. “Might it be necessary to recognize that you are living within the territory of the Order at some point? Sure, but I’m not sure I would call that subjugating.”

“If… if you’re not here to suppress us, why did you sneak in to have a meeting with me like this in the first place?” the elven World Leader questioned.

“Oh, I’ve been very upfront about that from the beginning. I need you to release the Prima Guardian from the Prima Vessel so I can kill it. Afterward, I promise to return to my own planet and not bother you further. Not saying there can’t be political talk after that, but it would be with my right hand,” Jake said.

“… are you really just here to kill the Prima Guardian?” the elf asked in disbelief.

“Yep, and now that we’ve made that clear, you have no reason to refuse, right?” Jake asked with a cheeky smile as he looked forward to taking down a third Guardian.




***
Chapter 955: Equal Contributors


***






All’s well that ends well. At least, Jake thought so after he had expertly politicked his way into convincing the other World Leader to release the Prima Guardian. What’s more, it turns out the elven World Leader was way more decent than Jake had initially expected.

It hadn’t taken much convincing to make the guy agree to activate the Prima Guardian, not after he knew Jake’s identity. In the words of the elf, if Jake couldn’t beat the Prima Guardian as the top-ranking person on the Nevermore Leaderboard, then they wouldn’t have stood a chance either way and would have faced total annihilation.

There was one minor issue, though.

”The Prima Vessel struck down on the other side of the planet from the capital, and while we have populated much of this world and have some forward bases, there is still a vast area of wilderness between the nearest teleportation circle and the Vessel,” the elven World Leader explained.

”How long do you reckon it will take to reach it?” Jake questioned.

”With my speed, around half a day. We could also try and find a space mage to make things faster, but I doubt I would want to. I know that the Primas made use of those with the space affinity among them to reach out defensive positions faster, but I’m not sure if bringing along a third person would be wise,” the elf said, shaking his head.

”Why not?” Jake asked. If they could get there faster, that would just be great.

”It would risk exposing things,” the elf said as he seemed to think for a while. ”This may seem presumptuous, but would it be fine if the story after this becomes that the two of us faced the Prima Guardian together?”

”Will we face it together?” Jake questioned. ”Not gonna lie, I feel like you would be more of a liability than any kind of help. In fact, I’m positively certain you would cause more harm than good.”

No way Lone Hunter would work if he did actually fight with the guy, even if he was a lot weaker. Also, while Jake said the elf felt about as strong as Reika, he questioned how good the guy would actually be at fighting if he had just been the spiritual leader for his planet this entire time. He definitely specialized in a Path revolving around being the Voice of the One rather than a fighter.

”That’s a bit insulting but probably also true,” the elf sighed. ”My point is that should you just kill the Prima Guardian alone, there will be many questions, while if I say we killed it together, there will be far fewer who raise any issues. I want to keep it entirely ambiguous who contributed the most, allowing everyone here to believe I was the one who did the most, while anyone else who hears about it will naturally know I was just a tag-along required to release the boss.”

”We can talk about that on the way,” Jake said, not outright rejecting the idea as he did want to ask some more questions about this entire planet, and seeing as they had quite a few hours of traveling through the wilderness together, he reckoned there would be plenty of time for that.

”Very well,” the elven World Leader nodded. ”By the way, I noticed I never introduced myself. Name’s Kindroth, Son of Kindrothar… yes, my father didn’t have a lot of imagination when it came to names. Ah, but please avoid using my name when around others. No one has actually called me by it ever since I got the title of Voice of the One.”

”I guess you already know, but my full name’s Jake Thayne, no idea where the Thayne comes from,” Jake also reintroduced himself. ”Now, how do you want to approach going out there, oh Voice of the One?”

Kindroth smiled a bit at Jake’s mocking tone as he got down and stood beside Jake. ”Again, I must act presumptuously and make it look like we’re walking out there as equals. If not, it will just cause undue trouble I don’t think either of us want.”

”I genuinely don’t care,” Jake shrugged, the elf looking relieved at the answer. ”I do care a little how you will introduce me, though. Because there’s no way I’m going to let you tell everyone I’m some agent sent by the Great Bright One. Oh, and also, I already told that council of yours I don’t follow a god, so that may cause some problems.”

”Is that because you don’t want others to know you are the Chosen?” Kindroth questioned, surprised.

”At the time, I wanted to avoid it,” Jake shrugged. ”I get the feeling they wouldn’t have allowed me to see you had I introduced myself as the Chosen of the Malefic Viper.”

”True, they would have likely tried to evacuate a very willing me to some safehouse while trying to make you leave the planet… something I don’t imagine would have ended well for them, seeing as you need me to free the Prima Guardian and you don’t strike me as the sort who would have just left,” Kindroth nodded. ”But if you are fine with people knowing now, let me formally introduce you. As for what you said to the council… well, you don’t exactly follow the Malefic Viper, now do you? You instead embody his will and act as his mortal representative. Merely saying you follow the Malefic One doesn’t do such a vital role justice, so you never lied in the slightest.”

Jake looked at the elf a bit and saw him flash a familiar smile he had seen Miranda with several times. The guy really was good at lying and twisting the truth, which shouldn’t be that surprising considering what he had accomplished on the planet.

With a plan of sorts, the two of them walked back through the hallway of light, and as they passed the different rooms with light elementals inside, Kindroth held out his hands as each elemental turned into a beam that light that shot toward him and formed a small rune upon landing on his body. The elf obviously noticed Jake’s interested gaze as he explained:

”I am able to absorb and use light elementals, and quite honestly, I’m pretty useless without them,” he said with a wry smile. ”It does fit me pretty well thematically, though. Summoning a light elemental as the voice of someone called the Great Bright One is very convincing.”

Jake didn’t comment but just nodded as they soon reached the exit of the mountain. Outside, the entire escort group, mercenaries, and guards waited. When the gate swung open, and they all saw the Voice of the One, they all instantly fell to their knees, with even the mercenaries acting overly respectful.

”We greet the Voice of the One,” the two guards said in unison.

”At ease,” Kindroth said as he raised a hand and he turned to look at Jake. ”This man and I are on our way to release the Prima Guardian now and slay it.”

His words were incredibly direct, earning him many confused gazes as one of the mercenaries stepped forward. ”Excuse me, but weren’t you recruiting us to help face the Guardian?”

Kindroth looked at the mercenary and nodded. ”That is true. However, things have changed. I would welcome you all to continue helping against the Primas, but the Prima Guardian shall be handled by the two of us.”

Stolen from its original source, this story is not meant to be on Amazon; report any sightings.

”I don’t mean to question you, but I have heard these Prima Guardians are not to be underestimated…” the mercenary said, and Jake detected some genuine worry from the guy. Jake wasn’t sure if it was because he was a decent guy who wanted to warn another person or that he realized shit would hit the fan if the Voice of the One went and got himself killed, but it didn’t matter either way.

”Your worry is entirely needless. This is the will of the Great Bright One, and besides, I do not go alone,” the Voice of the One said, looking back to Jake. ”Introductions may be late, but allow me to anyway: This man is the Chosen of the Malefic One, the pinnacle of our Era. With him at my side, what do I have to fear?”

Jake saw Kindroth give him a subtle wink, and Jake instantly understood. His aura flared as the mercenary stumbled back in fright along with the escort group and guards. The guards even seemed to take a defensive stance but didn’t go further than that as the Voice of the One spoke.

”I believe there shall be no further objections? Good. Now we shall be off; there is no reason to delay needlessly,” the elf said, turning to leave.

Jake just gave them all a nod as he followed, deciding to not say or do anything that could disturb whatever ploy the elf was cooking up.

None of them dared say anything, though they definitely looked like they wanted to, as Jake and the Voice of the One headed toward the capital city, flying at a steady pace. Once there, Kindroth had them stop by the Council Estate to explain their plans, and all of the council members were shocked when they learned who Jake really was. Any kind of worry that Jake could be a danger was also shut down by the Voice of the One, allowing the two of them to leave quickly and really showing how much damn influence the elf had. Even if he didn’t officially lead the planet, it was clear his word was law, and if he told them to jump, the only question they would ask was how high.

A few teleports later, they finally reached a forward base wherefrom they would head into the wilderness. Every person they met on the way there bowed in reverence toward Kindroth, with the elf responding with kind words every time without missing a beat.

However, once they were out of the cities and made their way a bit into the wilderness, the elf let out a huge sigh. ”How do you keep up with it?”

”What?” Jake asked.

”Being more of a figurehead than a person,” Kindroth said. ”It’s exhausting. The constant expectations of perfection and flawless modicum in any situation, the fact anyone believes anything you say is pure fact and won’t even argue back or advise you on anything even when what you say is dumb as fuck… for a while, I thought it was great, but now all it does is tire me out. You know, that’s one of the reasons I was keen on having a council and rarely get involved with anything they do. I’m sure they can govern way better than I can, and I can just act like some benevolent semi-divine existence without them questioning anything.”

”If it’s any consolation, going by how things are here, they definitely can rule the planet better than you as a council,” Jake shrugged. ”As for your question… I kind of don’t feel like that? It’s probably because you are a public figure, while I remain very much private. Those I do choose to interact with on a regular basis I view more as equals, with them also treating me as a person.”

”Sounds nice,” Kindroth said with a dry smile. ”You’re the first person I’ve had a normal conversation with where I don’t have to pretend for… well, ever since Nevermore. I went there with a group organized with input from my Patron, so I could act pretty normal there. Now that I’m back here, though…”

As the two of them continued their journey, they continued having small talk. Jake was also surprised at how casually the elf had quickly begun to treat Jake, as he was also used to people acting weird once they knew he was the Chosen of the Malefic Viper. Perhaps it was because he had been socially starved, or just that he was so used to never being viewed as beneath anyone, so he wasn’t really thinking about it, but the elf seemed more than happy to treat Jake as an equal.

Another positive thing about the Elven World Leader was his speed, which genuinely impressed Jake. As a light magic user, Jake had expected him to be pretty fast, but he surpassed expectations and could keep up with Jake pretty damn well. The fact Jake still couldn’t summon his wings did slow him down a little, but just using One Step and flying normally, Jake was still pretty damn speedy.

Jake and Kindroth did encounter a few Primas on the way, but Jake easily handled them one after another. They were all pretty damn weak, and based on Jake’s estimates, he didn’t even think the Prima Guardian would be stronger on this planet than on Olliandra’s. It would probably be dependent on how many Primas had died.

There was one time when they were attacked by four Primas at once that Jake let Kindroth handle one of them on his own, and as expected… he kinda sucked in combat. His offensive power basically came down to summoning light elementals and basic magic attacks, and that was about it.

On the defensive side, he was pretty fucking good, though. The Primas couldn’t even try to catch him, and Jake understood why the guy hadn’t seemed worried about getting killed by the Prima Guardian before Jake could help. He was a man fully specialized in conning the populace and being really good at running away.

As Kindroth had said, it ended up taking them about half a day to reach the Prima Vessel. Once there, the two of them briefly discussed their approach before Jake headed up into the sky as the elf entered the Vessel.

The plan was simple: Jake would go stealth and prepare his strongest attack far up in the sky, while Kindroth would go trigger the Prima Guardian and then quickly run out of the Vessel, never once attacking or directly engaging the Guardian with the hope this wouldn’t interfere with Lone Hunter.

It was indeed a simple plan, thought up by a simple hunter who soon stopped once he was above a few layers of clouds as he got ready. He proceeded to make his Protean Arrow, specializing it to kill flesh and blood lifeforms as practically every Prima they had seen was one, and he even put on his best Heartrot Poison to really ensure it would be a real killer.

Nocking the Protean Arrow, Jake held nothing back as he began charging his attack with Arcane Awakening fully activated. The arcane energies revolved around him while Arcane Powershot built up power, and just then, a beam of light flew out of the Prima Vessel.

A moment later, another figure followed. The Prima Guardian that appeared reminded Jake a bit of a lamia, actually, with a squid-like bottom and a kind of more humanoid top section, though it was still a bit away from actually looking like an elf or human. Not that its appearance was that important, considering Jake nor anyone else wouldn’t be looking at it for long.

Kindroth, as the target of the Prima Guardian, kept dodging away as it chased him, having turned himself into a living beam of light. Jake took his time to fully charge the attack, as the elf really didn’t look like he was in any danger. On a side note here… Lone Hunter was still active, though Jake really didn’t have much time to consider if it really should be.

A dozen or so seconds passed with the Prima Guardian trying to chase down Kindroth, until Jake felt his body reach its limits. With a final deep breath, Jake released the string as the attack descended, parting the clouds in its wake as it left a trail of destructive energies.

To make sure he would hit, he naturally also made sure to use a Primal Gaze on the Guardian as it froze up, stopping its chase. Kindroth barely had time to materialize to see Jake’s arrow strike true.

Perhaps it was because the Prima Guardian didn’t have any time to adapt and improve, or maybe it was its slightly lower level… but this time around, Jake didn’t end up needing any follow-up arrows. The attack hit the Prima Guardian right on top of its head, blowing it apart entirely before continuing through its body, destroying it from within as more than eighty percent of its body mass was destroyed with that one arrow – its surviving flesh infected with Heartrot Poison.

It was pretty satisfying seeing Kindroth gawk in awe as Jake got his notification.

You have slain [Honored Prima Guardian – lvl 315]– Bonus experience earned for killing an enemy above your level

Satisfied, Jake descended toward the elven World Leader. As he did… Jake actually felt a bit nervous that the elf would start to act weird, as he had enjoyed their more casual interactions over the last day or so. However, that proved to not be a problem. Right when Jake got close, the elf exclaimed loudly.

”You are fucking overpowered, you know that right? Damn, now it makes sense why the final message I got from my Patron was to not piss you off; you’re more dangerous than this entire bloody Prima Invasion.”

Jake couldn’t help but smile as he shot back. ”And yet we were somehow equal contributors to the outcome of this fight.”

”I know, right? How nice of me to give you credit despite doing most of the work,” the elf smirked, staring at the huge crater left behind by the remnant energy of Jake’s arrow after it had destroyed the supposedly planet-threatening Prima Guardian.




***
Chapter 956: A Bright Near Future


***






Ell’Hakan received the report as he was on the move, and after scanning it briefly, he nodded, satisfied with the results so far. A second Prima Guardian had been slain without his personal involvement, helping speed things up and further cementing trust in the Prima Guardian Alliance. They now had two confirmed teams capable of handling Prima Guardians, though the report did state they lost two fighters, so they would need replacements before engaging the next one.

Naturally, that didn’t mean Ell’Hakan was lazing about. He was currently on his way to yet another Prima Vessel, the local World Leader and a party of fighters already waiting at it and ready for his arrival. The Prima Guardian he’d faced on his own planet had been far more difficult than any of these other ones and was something he could easily handle on his lonesome. Such personal displays of strength were always useful to the alliance, too, and he wasn’t going to complain about the improved system reward at the end of the event either.

Despite things going well so far, he was far from without worries… and the Malefic Viper’s Chosen wasn’t even the only cause of it.

This ”I” character who’d seemingly performed as well as himself and the Viper’s Chosen was still a complete mystery, and with him cut off from Yip of Yore, he couldn’t get any divine information on who it may be either. What’s more… he had his suspicions that this person or creature was no longer on its homeworld anymore. He did not need this chaotic element.

While considering this, he got another message sent to him.

He scanned the new message briefly. The Prima Guardian Alliance had managed to sneak in a group of mercenaries to the planet of this Great Bright One – a world Ell’Hakan was very much interested in due to its extremely high population and homogeneity – and that message briefly outlined that a certain Chosen had made a visit.

The mercenaries sent only knew that the Chosen had gone to meet with the elf who called himself the ”Voice of the One” and nothing more, but that in itself was already… concerning.

Ell’Hakan wasn’t just interested in the planet due to its properties, but due to this Voice of the One and his abilities. Few World Leaders had impressed him, and he’d met quite a few of them during the Prima Alliance talk, and out of everyone, the elf was the one Ell’Hakan regarded the highest. It was someone Ell’Hakan had very much wanted in his inner circle, and before this message arrived, he’d still believed it would be possible.

There was no way the mercenaries they’d gathered could take down the Prima Guardian, and Ell’Hakan believed that after their failure, the Voice of the One would be a lot more receptive to further negotiations. Ell’Hakan could respect that the elf didn’t like him and was wary, but he still believed that should he face the choice between facing annihilation at the hands of the Prima Guardian and joining hands with the Prima Guardian Alliance, the Voice of the One would make the right choice and come to Ell’Hakan for help.

However… now that didn’t seem like it would happen. Not to say this was necessarily a bad outcome. Ell’Hakan saw it very likely that this would all result in the Chosen of the Malefic Viper slaying the Voice of the One due to his personal disagreement with how the planet was ruled or because the World Leader refused to release the Prima Guardian.

If that happened, the Chosen would be forced to engage in quite the slaughter, not just slowing him down during this system event but even giving Ell’Hakan plenty of ammunition to work with and back up the story that the Chosen was a danger to the Prima Guardian Alliance and in no way someone they could even attempt to talk to.

As for the Voice of the One and the Chosen of the Malefic Viper striking some kind of deal or working together, Ell’Hakan considered the chances of that happening pretty low. Now, should it happen, that would undoubtedly end up being a little annoying, but it shouldn’t really impact things that much, right?

”Congratulations, you are now one of the premiere owners of real estate in this entire universe,” Jake said with a smile as Kindroth claimed ownership of the Planetary Pylon, thus fully taking the planet as his own.

They were naturally within the core chamber of the planet, having teleported there using the Prima Vessel after the Guardian had died.

”One of the first things I did was abolish private land ownership and claimed that everything the light touched belonged to the Great Bright One, as one of the primary causes of discord before the system was territorial disputes,” the elven World Leader answered in a deadpan voice.

”In other words, you fully monopolized the real estate market, truly a genius business move,” Jake joked with the guy. ”I do wonder how you plan on getting out of all the bullshit you filled the populace with, though. This delusional level of belief in the Great Bright One can’t continue forever.”

”I’m well aware,” Kindroth sighed. ”And I can’t see an immediate solution either. I do have a plan in mind, though. Scrubbing the planet of the influence of the Great Bright One isn’t possible, nor something I want, as I am still a follower of my Patron, and my job is to gather faith for him, but I will begin to address the more extreme beliefs. It will be a subtle process that will take many years, at least decades if not centuries, but I hope I can bring it to a healthy level eventually. May have to push a few people off the levitator in the process, and some political figures may die as I blame them for having twisted my words and the Words of the Great Bright One, but that’s a sacrifice I’m willing to make.”

Jake looked at the elf for a moment before just shaking his head. When joking around and being casual, he sometimes forgot this was a man who had somehow managed to unite over a hundred billion elves by getting all of the different country leaders in the same room together and somehow walked out with every single one loyal to him. Jake sucked at politics, something that certainly couldn’t be said about Kindroth.

”Like it or not, the planet belongs to you now. At least according to the system it does, and is there really a higher authority?” Jake commented.

”Let’s just be honest with ourselves… is it really mine?” the elf raised an eyebrow. ”There is no way Ell’Hakan would ever allow our continued existence, even if I do try and improve things, and despite your words or intentions, should you win out, we will be considered under the influence of the Order merely by existing within the same galaxy as the home planet of the Malefic Viper’s Chosen.”

”What others think and the actual truth is far from always the same,” Jake shook his head. ”I truly, genuinely, have no interest in ruling the galaxy. Shit, I don’t have any interest in ruling my own damn planet. You are right that it will probably still end up being considered my territory, but there’s really nothing I can do about that. All I can say is that I have no plans of controlling what others do, as long as they don’t do anything too fucked up.”

If you discover this narrative on Amazon, be aware that it has been stolen. Please report the violation.

”Oh, don’t get me wrong, I wasn’t complaining,” Kindroth grinned. ”You know, the Great Bright One did brief me on his intensions when I was first blessed, and back then, before he or barely anyone knew about you and Ell’Hakan, the plan was to co-exist with the Holy Church, as assumptions were they would end up ruling the galaxy in the end. Based on what I heard about the Church, I’m not sure being under the thumb of the Order of the Malefic Viper is that much worse.”

”How exactly would your way of leading this planet have worked out with the Holy Church?” Jake questioned.

”By now, I hope it’s pretty clear I was spitballing most of what I did to unite the planet, with little forethought or long-term planning in the mix during those early days,” Kindroth shook his head and sighed. ”So you ask how it would work? It fucking wouldn’t, but just as I’m willing to sacrifice a few politicians, so the Bright One would also have been willing to sacrifice me by branding me a false prophet. If I got lucky, exile would have been a good outcome from that… but even if I died, it wouldn’t really have been that bad. I did what I thought I had to do to save my planet, it worked out, and if my death could secure a better future for everyone, that wouldn’t be the worst way to go. We all have to die one day; may as well make it a good death.”

”Surprisingly altruistic,” Jake said in genuine surprise. Especially because he felt like those weren’t empty words, and when he remembered that Kindroth had been willing to fight Jake even after feeling his aura… yeah, Jake believed him. He didn’t agree with the ”everyone dies one day” part, but it wasn’t something worth really discussing.

”You do strike me as the kind of person that if you had the choice between burning down your own planet or dying, you’d start throwing fireballs… or shooting burning arrows in your case, I guess,” the elf smiled. ”Anyway, let’s get out of here and back to talk to those mercenaries.”

Jake followed the elf back to the Prima Vessel to teleport back topside, looking confused at the elf. ”Why would we need to talk to them?”

”Huh, I guess no one told you… one of the reasons why we gathered a lot of mercenaries and why the mercenaries even came here was to see if a team that couldn’t help just us but several planets out there could be assembled. Think of it as a worse version of the Prima Guardian Alliance that Ell’Hakan has formed, filled with a lot more naivety and delusion,” Kindroth explained as he shook his head. ”Having seen the Prima Guardian… pretty sure if we all those mercenaries had engaged it, the lot of them would have died. Which is great for you because that means the planets all these people come from definitely need help.”

”You’re saying there’s a bunch of people openly looking for help just sitting around waiting for us to return? That’s… convenient,” Jake said, surprised.

”Almost suspiciously so,” the elf smiled. ”But, in truth, you just happened to get incredibly lucky that a plan thought up by the council happened to be highly ill-advised. Oh, and I’m more than happy to be your wingman in this scenario, giving you a glowing recommendation that you are indeed the top Prima Guardian hunter in the galaxy, nay, the universe.”

The two of them kept talking as they teleported back to the surface and headed out to return to the nearest teleportation circle.

”As I assume you’re not coming along to all these other planets, won’t it ruin your story of us being equal contributors if I head off and kill a bunch of Prima Guardians alone, proving you are full of shit?” Jake questioned.

”It’ll be fine, and let’s not act like any efforts of mine could keep your level of power hidden. Everyone, even those on this planet, will learn of you and just how capable you truly are whether I want them to or not,” Kindroth said. ”When it comes to how much they will learn and how everything is framed… I believe you said her name was Miranda? The de-facto leader of your planet? Yeah, I think I’ll go have a discussion with her. Going by how she’s managed to put up with you as the official World Leader, and your planet hasn’t been the victim of a planetary sacrificial ritual yet, she must be quite capable.”

”You’re awfully casual when it comes to insulting the Chosen of the Malefic Viper and his court witch,” Jake commented, trying to sound serious.

”First of all, I was praising her, and secondly, nothing I said was untrue,” Kindroth chuckled. ”Now, let’s pick up the pace and get back quickly. See if you can keep up.”

The cheeky bastard picked up speed, flying even faster than before as he turned his body into light form. On the way to the Prima Vessel, they had to deal with Primas a few times, so saving their resources at least a little was advised, but that wasn’t an issue on the way back. With the regular Primas also weakened due to the death of the Guardian, Kindroth wasn’t worried about the forces of the planet either. While he did recognize that they didn’t have many outstanding fighters, they did have a stupidly big army.

Jake responded to the elf’s speed in kind as he also began pushing his One Step further, the two of them shooting into the horizon. This planet, despite its far higher population, was still quite a bit smaller than Earth in size. In fact, Jake hadn’t heard of anyone with larger planets than Earth in the galaxy yet, with William also reporting that Ell’Hakan’s planet was smaller. It was honestly kind of nice because if some of them were larger, Jake could definitely need to drag Sandy along so he wouldn’t have to potentially end up running for weeks to reach the Prima Vessels, dragging along some weak World Leader.

There wasn’t much banter for the rest of the way back, as the two of them soon reached the teleportation circle where they were received by an entire goddamn army who had been awaiting the return of the Voice of the One and his ”helper,” the Chosen of the Malefic Viper.

Once more, Kindroth put on his persona as he masterfully – and swiftly – handled the crowd and allowed Jake and him to pass and return to the capital. Once back, they made a brief visit to the Council Estate to report their success and were also told that the general had already sent a message that the Primas had all gotten significantly weaker.

A bit more stupid politicking later, Jake and the Voice of the One managed to gather the mercenaries representing different planets. Very few people traveled alone like Jake had, but instead went around in parties or even small companies. Some were sent there alone, acting more like envoys or ambassadors rather than mercenaries, which was also why these mercenaries were stationed in the Council Estate in the first place – something Jake hadn’t really questioned but really should have in retrospect.

Jake and Kindroth only needed one person from each other planet, who hopefully held some level of influence back home. These people were all considered within the stronger echelon of their planets, and none of them had engaged the Prima Guardians on their worlds yet. Some of them were still struggling, though, not even able to handle the regular Primas. These mercenaries had pretty much given up on their homeworlds, believing it was doomed. They were helpless and had tried to run to this planet as an escape, perhaps only holding a faint hope deep in their heart that someone would help them.

That was awesome, right?

Because these people took no convincing or wing-manning from the Voice of the One at all. In fact, the moment they heard that all Jake cared about was hunting down Prima Guardians and how killing the Guardian would weaken all the regular Primas and even allow the native monster population to turn and fight the Primas, they were fully on board.

Jake had believed finding a bunch of planets to hunt Prima Guardians on would be difficult. However, as Kindroth said, he’d ended up seriously lucking out by going to this particular elven planet. Jake, a whole bunch of mercenaries, as well as the Voice of the One – who announced he’d been given a quest to confer with the ”Witch of Verdant Origins” – all headed toward the large metal dome allowing people to teleport to and from the planet.

The near future was really looking bright for Jake, and when all was said and done, he had a list of at least a dozen planets who were more than happy to have a hunter endorsed by the Voice of the One come to kill their Prima Guardian for them. Even those who knew he was the Chosen of the Malefic Viper were convinced by Kindroth, the elf taking advantage of the fact that most mortals really had fuck-all idea about how gods worked and just knew that Jake was some big-shot from the Order of some evil snake god… but if someone named the Voice of the One, representing a god of light said it was fine, it had to be fine, right? He was also a big-shot, after all.

One thing was for sure… due to Kindroth, Jake had a lot of Prima Guardian to kill, and Miranda had quite an interesting meeting ahead of her.




***
Chapter 957: Methodologies of War


***






”Fire,” Caleb said as a string of black beams shot out, landing on the creature as it roared in anger and pain. It turned toward the position of the snipers and began charging their way as Caleb spoke again. ”Activate illusory array four.”

A second later, the entire area seemed to warp slightly. The charging Prima Guardian didn’t even look like it noticed as it kept charging… but rather than head toward the snipers, it began to slightly curve to one side, with it soon running an entirely wrong way.

The array wouldn’t last long before the Guardian noticed, but it was good enough for now. Caleb directed the thirteenth and eighteenth squads of assassins to move in while the Guardian was distracted as ten people erupted from the shadows and attacked the boss, each unleashing powerful skills right away. Caleb also took the chance to glance at the boss yet another time, noting its growing injuries while also throwing in another Identify for the heck of it… and because he wanted to make sure this one couldn’t somehow evolve mid-combat, primarily because he remembered the one on Earth having a different name.

[Honored Prima Guardian – lvl 323]

Turning to look at the people that attacked it, the Guardian was faced with only shadows as the ten assassins retreated once more. Another barrage of sniper fire hit a moment later, this time from across the valley from the exact opposite side as the first attack.

Having noticed something was wrong, the Guardian began to release pulses of mana, both analyzing and disrupting the formations and arrays they had placed down in a massive area around the Prima Vessel. The response was quick, as the mages of the Court responded by disabling some of the magic circles temporarily, fooling the Prima into thinking it had destroyed them.

This was the first planet he had gone to after leaving Earth to help the Court of Shadows, and so far, he would say things were going well. The Prima Guardian was also surprisingly weak compared to the one he had fought before, yet pretty damn strong if the planet was meant to have faced it by itself.

Then again, they weren’t meant to face it yet, but after potentially over two and a half years, during which they would wipe out most Primas, leading to a weaker Prima Guardian, too. If this wasn’t the case, Caleb would have expected the majority of planets with enlightened across the universe to be wiped out, but as things were and the current rules… the Court of Shadows intelligence network put the expected percentage of planets who would end up ”destroyed” at twenty-two percent.

It was yet undecided if the Milky Way would drag this stat up or down… but Caleb would do his utmost to ensure it would go the right way.

He continued to direct the flow of combat as more than four thousand members of the Court of Shadows participated in this Prima Guardian hunt. Many of them were supportive members, helping with the formations and arrays to control the Guardian, but there were still over five hundred melee assassins on the battlefield and about an equal number of ranged attackers.

Individually, none of them could do much to the Guardian. However, the Court of Shadows did have some unique abilities that allowed them to still participate. Out of perhaps every faction in the entire multiverse, the Court was the best at having their members be able to still deal damage to things they really shouldn’t be able to even touch.

A random newly evolved D-grade attacking someone like Jake, more likely than not, wouldn’t do any damage at all. That is to say, you could get a million of the same guy and have them all attack, and unless they used some means to combine their attacks through rituals or formations, none of them would cause any harm. Jake’s durability would simply be too high for them. It was a threshold they couldn’t pass.

The Court of Shadows had ways to circumvent this threshold. Shadows were slippery and ethereal and could penetrate even the natural defenses granted by the system, even if the damage would be incredibly minor. Even a skilled D-grade assassin could deal damage to a peak C-grade with a single sniper bullet or a stab of their dagger.

Now, the damage would be absolutely negligible. As in, perhaps not even doing one health point’s worth of damage… but just the mere fact it did any kind of damage at all was massive.

Needless to say, a bunch of mid-tier C-grades attacking a late-tier C-grade could do far more than a single health point of damage with every blow, but individually, they really were too weak to stand a chance. Yet, in this battle, they were enabled and able to fully participate. All of this was part of the core strategy the Court of Shadows often deployed to take down dangerous foes:

Isolate, harass, kite, confuse, and wear down. If a target couldn’t be killed quickly, kill them slowly in a dragged-out assassination where you controlled all factors. Use the shadows to limit their Perception and hide away, never giving them time to recover, and eventually, even someone far more powerful than the assassins would eventually fall.

Of course, if it was possible to go in with overwhelming power to kill the target instantly, that was preferable. In most cases, that is… this not being one of them, as the Prima Guardian wasn’t a real target but a mere practice dummy.

Caleb could attack himself, and considering how much weaker this Prima Guardian was than the one on Earth, he reckoned he would have a good chance in a one-on-one. It could get a bit dicey due to its high durability and Caleb’s fighting style relying on high burst damage, but he believed he could handle it alone.

That wasn’t the point of this, though. This Prima Guardian system event was viewed as just another training exercise in the eyes of the higher-ups of the Court of Shadows, and Caleb going around killing by himself wouldn’t really help the natives learn anything, right?

As a Judge, Caleb wasn’t just meant to be a fighter but one of the leaders of the Court of Shadows here in the ninety-third universe. Helping the natives get stronger themselves would reflect well on him and earn him more favor than if he just went around killing everything… though if things got too dangerous, he would step in personally.

The battle continued on, the Prima Guardian getting more and more whittled down. It did adapt a little to their attacks, but they attempted to counter this with different elemental attacks carried out primarily through formations or ritual spells cast by some of the mages. Still, the affinities used were very similar, which did result in the fight dragging out.

After the battle had been ongoing for over ten hours with the Prima Guardian just slowly running out of steam, the entire reason why they needed these kinds of training exercises was shown. While there was a certain level of leeway in their strategy and many fail-safes, it was still possible for a group to fuck up enough so that everything fell apart.

And that’s exactly what happened.

A squad of mages responsible for a formation messed up, with the backup casters not ready in time to react. The assassins that had just emerged to follow up the attack of a group of snipers found themselves fully exposed as the Prima Guardian turned toward them, light magic channeling as the shadows meant to protect them were dispersed.

Caleb considered giving them a moment to react on their own or maybe even make this a lesson, even if it would cost lives.. but as always, he was perhaps a bit too soft, as he quickly dispelled these thoughts and moved.

Besides… sometimes it was good to show off his power a bit, lest they forget the Judge wasn’t just considered an administrative role.

If you discover this tale on Amazon, be aware that it has been stolen. Please report the violation.

All his boosting skills were fully activated as Caleb shot across the battlefield, emerging behind the Prima Guardian before it even had time to kill the first assassin. He didn’t mask his approach to make sure it wouldn’t kill any of them, as it quickly spun around to face him, only to find itself faced with a torrent of black lightning.

Caleb passed through the boss in his transformed state before turning himself corporeal again, slamming his staff down as the ground below the Prima Guardian erupted with lightning, dark thunderclouds gathering above. Attacking again, Caleb landed several blows with his staff before the Guardian could properly adapt to his speed, the ground below the Prima Guardian exploding once more a moment later, sending a bolt of lightning flying toward the skies above.

Riding the lightning, Caleb merged with the thunderclouds for a moment as he channeled his energies and spoke, his words echoing through the clouds.

“Thunderfall of Tenlucis.”

He descended in an instant, passing through the Prima Guardian as a pillar of black lightning consumed it. In its damaged state, it simply wasn’t able to adapt to the oppressive powers of the black lightning as its body was burned from within, and its soul crumbled before the overwhelming pressure of the dark heavens.

You have slain [Honored Prima Guardian – lvl 323] – Bonus experience earned for killing an enemy above your level

Caleb materialized himself in front of the burnt corpse of the Prima Guardian as he infused his voice with mana, addressing everyone.

”Good work from most of you, but a sloppy finale. I expect a full report from all responsible squad leaders within two hours, outlining what went wrong and how to ensure it won’t happen again. We move to the next planet in ten hours, and I expect better the second time around. Dismissed.”

Across the multiverse, there were many methodologies of war with some more alike than others.

The Holy Church and the Risen had quite a lot of things in common despite their antagonistic relationship, one of which was their hatred of being compared and people pointing out they had a lot of things in common.

Another big thing they had in common was their approach to combat. More accurately, how they viewed those participating in a fight. Many forces in the multiverse focused on elite groups, minimizing losses and only bringing those who could actually put up a proper fight to battle.

Neither the Risen nor the Holy Church had this approach, though it materialized differently. The Holy Church would gladly throw entire armies at singular, powerful people, sacrificing them all through rituals to empower their elites and bring victory. This had even been shown several times on Earth, both during the Treasure Hunt and the battle when the Risen were pushed off the planet during Ell’Hakan’s invasion.

These people who gave their lives did so gladly and willingly, as without their active participation, the methods of the Holy Church simply wouldn’t work. It was their faith that gave the Holy Church power, even in such rituals. Across the Milky Way Galaxy, rituals were carried out one after another to face not only Prima Guardians but regular Primas, billions dying as martyrs of the Holy Church.

The reason why they so gladly gave their lives was because, to many, what came after would be better. The Holyland would be an improved existence to their normal mortal lives, with many even viewing it as a privilige to be allowed to die in a ritual. Of course, to be allowed to be sacrificed, you needed to no longer be deemed a talent that could grow further to a higher grade, and the ones to go first tended to be those older and those who’d exhausted their talent.

One might view the way the Holy Church operated as insane or even evil when evaluated with Earth’s morals… but the numbers simply didn’t lie. A system event like this Prima Guardian one was far from the first of its kind that had happened during the integration of a new universe, and in all those prior, the Holy Church held the record every single time for their planets doing the best, even surpassing Valhal, a purely combat-specialized faction.

It wasn’t hard to understand why the Holy Church did so well, either. They were the best faction in the multiverse at making the ”useless” useful in combat. Rather than large populations merely being statistics for an event boss to wipe out, they could be converted to tangible power that could help bring down the threat. Did this mean that sometimes, the majority of a planet’s population got sacrificed? Yes… but ninety percent dying was better than a hundred.

The Holy Church truly embodied the concept of the ”greater good” and could only truly exist due to the Holyland of the Holy Mother allowing those who died to enter it. With life after death, sacrificing yourself was seen as one of the most honorable ways to die, with your death only taking you to ”paradise.”

In this way, the Holy Church was one of the premier factions that actively used the deaths of the many to overcome their foes… the other one naturally being the Risen, though their method of taking advantage of the dead was quite different. After someone died, they couldn’t become a Risen unless that death happened as part of a transformation ritual, but that didn’t mean that the dead couldn’t become undead.

Even the Risen could be raised once more when they fell, though it wouldn’t be as what they were before. They wouldn’t be the same people either, though there were some methods to preserve those who died by effectively saving their souls before they fully dispersed. The result wouldn’t be like a full resurrection, and the souls would be permanently damaged, making a second resurrection absolutely impossible and often harming them in other ways, making this simply not worth it.

Either way, using other Risen was barely part of the methodology of the Risen. Why would it be, when in war, there was so much death to take advantage of? So many corpses to raise as mindless undead.

In this war against the Prima Guardians, the planets ruled by the Risen had the possibility of taking advantage of the many dead Primas and monsters during the event, raising them to be used as fodder against their former comrades. Any death on the enemy side would strengthen the Risen, truly making them a force to be reckoned with.

Of course, just throwing a bunch of raised monsters at a Prima Guardian wouldn’t accomplish anything, as the raised ones were far weaker than when they were alive, and their power depended heavily on the one raising them as undead.

This is where the rituals came in.

Just like how the Holy Church could have thousands, millions, or even billions sacrifice themselves to create powerful effects, so could the Risen take a huge number of raised undead and combine their power. Sometimes, this took the form of rituals unleashing powerful attacks with their combined energies, but the most effective version was through the creation of flesh golems or ghostly amalgamations.

The forced fusion of countless undead into singular beings. Monstrosities containing countless souls, barely stitched together by talented necromancers. These types of undead could rarely persist for long due to their inherent instability… but for the time they ”lived,” they could be absolute menaces. As they were effectively summoned monsters, they didn’t have the same restrictions as regular Truesouls either, meaning their levels of power could truly reach absurd levels. That is to say, it was entirely possible to create a flesh golem capable of fighting and killing the Prima Guardian on its lonesome.

That it was possible didn’t mean that anyone was capable of doing so, though. This was where one of the big differences between the Church and the Risen came in: the requirement of skill. The Risen required skilled necromancers and intelligent undead to control and create their armies and monstrosities. Even if they could combine their powers, having hundreds of necromancers bind and control a flesh golem together, they still needed the skill to do all this. Because if they didn’t control it… well, let’s just say there were plenty of stories across the multiverse of people creating monsters they failed to control, ending in their own downfalls. So, skill was still a massive requirement.

Contrarily, the rituals and methods of the Holy Church were absurdly simplistic. It wasn’t difficult at all to teach even average people to create some of their rituals, with practically no skill or power required from anyone in the process.

Of course, the effectiveness and efficiency would improve if those conducting the rituals were more skilled, and some of the more advanced methods did require skilled individuals, but the mere fact the average folk was given options to fight back by the Holy Church was massive, and the primary reason they could thrive in the multiverse – even if the price of that was extreme sacrifices.

Now, all of this isn’t to say that these two factions preferred using means like this. Alright, the Risen would nearly always raise armies of undead; that was only to be expected, but if they could avoid the more risky rituals, they certainly would.

The Milky Way Galaxy was quite lucky in this regard. Working with Ell’Hakan and having a good pool of talented individuals, the Holy Church didn’t need to sacrifice people but could hunt down the Guardians without taking any such methods into use.

In the same way, the one planet controlled by the Risen got help from Earth, which included Casper, a Risen blessed by the Blightfather himself and a powerful fighter in his own right. Additionally, if they needed more help, Casper could get it, as asking for Jake, the Sword Saint, or someone else to lend a hand was far preferable to taking the risk of creating some abomination of stitched-together flesh and souls.

Things were far from as positive across the rest of the universe, though, and many factions wished they had the methods of these two factions in their arsenal. Wished they at least had the option of giving their lives to kill the Prima Guardian and not just die in vain.

Alas… there was a reason the Court of Shadows reached that twenty-two percent evaluation.




***
Chapter 958: Black Flag


***






The ninety-third universe had entered its busiest period ever since the integration, at least from the perspective of the enlightened races. The vast, vast majority were fighting regular Primas in what most expected to be a years-long struggle to kill as many as they could before the Prima Guardian would be naturally released. At that point, the plan wasn’t even necessarily to instantly engage the Prima Guardian but to keep hunting Primas and building strength to eventually beat the boss.

All across the universe, planets began to fall to the Prima Invasions. Others had joined their local galaxy’s Prima Guardian Alliance to fight back in groups and make coalitions, while a third group had chosen to flee off their planets. Most planets who actively participated in the event had chosen to join the alliance, but many never even had the choice. Because World Leaders had one more shitty way to fuck over their own worlds.

Jake had never seen it himself as he hadn’t elected to join the Prima Guardian Alliance, but if a planet that had earlier voted to join the alliance started the system event without the World Leader on the planet, they would no longer be considered part of it. The teleportation circle would stop working, and they would not be able to get any help.

Rejoining the alliance was easy enough. The World Leader just had to return. Without them acting as Key Holders, the event simply couldn’t function normally… but some World Leaders didn’t care. They had abandoned their planets for good and looked to greener pastures elsewhere in the multiverse, leaving all those who once put their trust in them for dead.

That, or the entire planet had been evacuated… though this didn’t really happen. Teleporting that many people to another universe or even another planet was just way too expensive and not worth it. An evacuation would only mean bringing along those of ”value.”

Those with high levels or with high potential, family members of these people, individuals with certain unique skills or abilities, people with relations to divine figures… but the common man? The median citizen? They would be left to face a Prima invasion all on their lonesome, utterly chanceless.

To clarify, this scenario was very rare. Most World Leaders wouldn’t abandon their planets, as it would ruin their Paths, and even more didn’t have the possibility of leaving in the first place. Those with the means of escape, more often than not, had responsibilities or divine factions expecting them to stay and secure the planet for them.

Plus, the event was designed to be beatable for the vast majority of planets. The system wasn’t known to doom worlds that, at the very least, tried their best to fight back. This isn’t to say many of these worlds wouldn’t fall… but they would have at least stood a chance.

As an example, Olliandra’s planet would have easily handled the event had she not idiotically released the Prima Guardian as soon as possible, making them face the strongest version their planet could ever see. If they had just killed Primas for a year or two before freeing the Prima Guardian, they would not only have grown stronger, but the Guardian would have weakened.

Luckily, most World Leaders were wiser and less drunk on success than Olliandra and approached the event carefully. Planets with divine influence seeped into their culture, and leadership had a far higher success rate, too. Plus, they had more wisdom granted by their gods telling them not to be idiots and take dumb chances.

In the ninety-third universe, there were nearly innumerable galaxies, more planets than anyone knew, and countless conflicts taking place between different factions… yet it wasn’t hard to find the one galaxy that most gods and factions generally paid the most attention to. With two Chosen of peak-level gods, it was only to be expected that something exciting was bound to happen, and truly, the Milky Way Galaxy did quickly prove itself a massive outlier, not only due to these two Chosen but a third anomaly nobody knew about:

The entity simply known as ”I.”

Jake had a rather unique perspective on this system event in that he found it somewhat counterintuitive by design. Most system events would naturally grow harder with time, but this one was quite the opposite. For every day that passed since it began, it only got easier. The Primas all seemed unable to progress or gain any levels, while the Prima Guardians only got weaker due to the event’s design. Shit, just sitting around or hiding in a hole without killing any Primas would make the boss weaker once it naturally broke out, as per the description of the event:

“The Prima Guardian will be sealed within the Prima Vessel for the first 1000 days after arrival. Each day that passes, the Prima Guardian shall break one of the chains sealing it, expending some of its power to regain its freedom…”

And then were was, of course, the second section that Jake and everyone had been actively taking much advantage of:

“…Defend, attack, and hunt down every Prima, knowing that every slain Prima empowers the remaining seals on the Prima Guardian, forcing it to expend even more energy to regain its freedom, thus making it weaker once fully unsealed…”

Despite what it said about having to break the chains, they had discovered slaying Primas before manually freeing the Prima Guardian also contributed to it coming out weakened. Why it worked exactly like that, Jake didn’t know, and honestly, he wasn’t going to look for logic when it came to stuff like those chains.

While the chains did seem to physically exist, they were as much metaphysical seals, seeped in system-fuckery, as they were actual constraints. All Jake knew was that the Prima Guardians got weaker with every passing day, no matter what, and killing a Prima would make the Guardian weaker still.

This did result in the last three months of Jake’s life being a lot more boring than he’d hoped. The Prima Guardians just got easier and easier to kill, with most of his time spent just traveling around getting to the Prima Vessels with a slow World Leader.

Now, there was actually a way to make this process faster, as Jake learned something after his fourth planet visit. Something that would certainly help contribute to people being afraid of another World Leader who had already killed their own Prima Guardian visiting.

Jake learned that another feature of his special ring was the ability to absorb the keys from other World Leaders. In other words, he had the option of killing other World Leaders if he so desired and stealing their key. Usually, when a World Leader died during the event, the key would simply go to the Prima Guardian, even if the Guardian didn’t kill the World Leader personally.

When this knowledge began to spread across the communication channels of the Prima Guardian Alliance, everyone got a lot more reluctant to invite other World Leaders to their planets out of fear. Jake also heard a few instances of Ell’Hakan killing World Leaders and taking their keys, though it didn’t seem to cause many issues for him, as his alliance of sycophants would let him do anything.

One would think that this revelation caused a lot of problems for Jake and his ability to find planets willing to have him visit, but that was far from the case.

Kindroth was a godsend when it came to handling the members of the system-made Prima Guardian Alliance. As the Voice of the One and leader of such a massive civilization, his word held a lot of sway, and as a member of the alliance for years, he had earned plenty of respect and possessed many allies. When the mercenaries and their planets began to also echo the elf’s words, Jake had more planets than he had time to visit. Sure, inviting him was a risk, but so was getting slaughtered by Primas, and having someone kill the Prima Guardian for you to weaken all the regular Primas and allow the local wildlife to also fight back against the invasion was quite an attractive prospect.

Jake also wasn’t alone in helping out hunt down Primas for the alliance Kindroth had gained them access to. When the Sword Saint soon returned with a dead Guardian under his belt, Kindroth was initially skeptical until he learned the Sword Saint was also one of the top ten people of their universe. He was downright flabbergasted when he also met Vesperia, Sylphie, and the Fallen King, who’d stopped by before heading to their next planet. When he later learned about all the others like Arnold… yeah, the guy didn’t hold back.

”How in the fuck did you manage to gather a planet of freaks like this? No, why does the system even allow this to happen? Shit, when I imagine if I’d chosen to really go hard on the neutrality stance and risked having to face you and your freaky group… yeah, this is straight-up unfair,” the elf had complained loudly while it was just the two of them, much to Jake’s amusement.

Jake couldn’t really say anything, though, as the situation was absurd. He could also give the guy who’d helped facilitate Jake clearing forty-three Prima Guardians in three months a bit of leeway, and from the looks of it, things were only speeding up.

Through Kindroth's efforts, the planets he had yet to get to began to actively prepare for Jake to head there, with the elf sending help to make that happen. They placed teleportation circles closer to the Prima Vessels and – annoyingly so – supported them in killing more Primas.

Okay, Jake shouldn’t complain about them killing Primas, as that had to be done no matter what and to help reduce losses, but it just sucked for the released boss to get even weaker. It was bad enough that even the Sword Saint commented on the decreased difficulty.

All together, Earth had killed over a hundred Prima Guardians by now, and that wasn’t counting those from the Holy Church who had left to help their faction and didn’t return to Earth to check in or anything. It did count the planets Vesperia had visited with the others, the one handled by Casper and the Risen, and Caleb and Maria’s efforts.

Things were definitely going well… but as expected, something unexpected had to happen.

Right at this very moment, Jake wasn’t in a rush to head off to kill more Prima Guardians. After he returned to the Prima Vessel on Earth to check in with Arnold and the teleporter the scientist was working on, he was promptly called to the map by the Sword Saint, who’d returned not that much earlier.

Looking at it, the map had changed a lot since three months ago. So many planets were green now, having replaced the blue colors of before. When it came to the red ones, Jake wasn’t even sure any of them had been cleared outside of their own, though he was certain at least some of them had. A few of them had definitely fallen, though.

But that wasn’t why Jake had been called to the map.

A new color had shown up on the map of the galaxy. They had seen green flags for cleared planets, red for those handling the event alone, blue for those who’d joined the system-made Prima Guardian Alliance, and finally, gray for the planets that had fallen to the invasion. Now, there was one more: black.

He was joined by the Sword Saint as the two of them looked at it, the old man asking with narrowed eyes. ”How did this even happen?”

”I’m not sure,” Jake said, shaking his head. ”But I’m pretty sure it was green before, so…”

Frowning, the old man looked certain that the true answer wouldn’t be something he liked.

The criteria for a planet turning black was something Jake wasn’t sure could happen, and he certainly saw no reason why it would. A planet turning gray on the map meant the Prima Guardian had killed the World Leader and claimed the Planetary Pylon, while green meant the World Leader had killed the Guardian and claimed the planet…

Black meant no one had claimed the Pylon.

That no one would ever claim it… because it signified the destruction of the Planetary Core.

As for what planet it had happened on? The planet cleared first alongside Jake and Ell’Hakan’s, done by the creature known as ”I.”

Miranda went over all the daily reports, of which there were honestly far too many due to recent happenings. She had to be quick, too, as she had several meetings lined up, courtesy of Jake and his pals, who’d been way too busy.

When they killed Prima Guardians and ”saved” all these planets, the local World Leader’s response was almost comically predictable. Every single time, a delegation would apply to visit Earth within a day or two, and Miranda naturally saw no cause to ever reject these. In fact, she welcomed them.

One part was definitely because it would actively hamper the efforts of Ell’Hakan and the story he was telling of uniting the galaxy under his influence and definitely also because it would give them potentially valuable allies should the conflict escalate further.

Secondly… this was really great for her Path. Miranda had gotten so many levels and learned a lot over these last few months. Having to deal with so many different cultures, World Leaders, and people of high political skill and standing was a constant challenge that repeatly pushed her forward.

There was one person who pushed her more than anyone else, though.

Miranda had met a lot of different World Leaders and political figures, both on Earth and when she went to the Order. Within her dream skill granted by the Witches of the Verdant Lagoon, she also had many encounters… yet the most frightening political figure she had encountered thus far was the elf she had a meeting with in a few minutes.

She was painfully aware that the only reason things were going so well during this event wasn’t due to her own political prowess but the skills of the one known as the Voice of the One. At first, based on Jake’s description, she had expected a conman who’d hoodwinked his planet into thinking he was some semi-divine figure through lies and manipulation. It was not a good first impression.

However, when she met him, reality soon struck her. Miranda had believed herself pretty adept at dealing with other World Leaders and political figures of high influence, yet after her first meeting with Kindroth, Miranda felt she had a long way to go.

Uniting an entire planet with over a hundred billion citizens into a homogenous, well-functioning society was not a fluke. His ability to invoke trust in over two hundred World Leaders, making them allow Jake and others to teleport to their planets also wasn’t luck. He was good, to the level of it being intimidating.

In the eyes of many, Miranda was the ”leader” of this budding alliance, with Jake as the figurehead. But reality felt different, as Kindroth held a far more central position. He was the one the other World Leaders trusted and followed. He was the one they showed loyalty toward. Sure, they were afraid of and almost seemed to revere people like Jake and the Sword Saint, but Kindroth ended up with much of the credit for their achievements as he was the one who introduced them as Prima Guardian slayers.

But… it wasn’t like Miranda could really say anything. He always made sure to refer these World Leaders to her, and whenever they met, he was very respectful and made it clear he did view her as someone with a higher position in the hierarchy than him. Yet the lingering feeling she was slowly being replaced couldn’t help but sneak up on her… at least until the meeting they had that day, as the elf entered the office right as she was done with her paperwork.

After a bit of small talk and discussing recent events, such as Arnold reporting he believed a special teleporter to reach all the planets was soon ready, Kindroth seemed to turn a bit more serious as he looked her in the eye.

”I want you to know I am no cause for concern,” the elf said with a comforting smile. ”And becoming one would be a foolish endeavor. You have the trust of the Chosen of the Malefic Viper and his comrades, making your position unshakeable. Right now, it may not seem that way, but this situation is only temporary. History will not speak of me as anything but the person who assisted the Chosen of the Malefic Viper and his Court Witch in achieving their goals, and that is the position I am comfortable with. I have no ambitions of reaching for a position I do not belong in. Besides, who else could possibly deal with the Chosen of the Malefic Viper as well as you? If it was me, I would actively feel my lifespan reducing with every report of his most recent shenanigans.”

His words were exactly why Miranda found the elf frightening, because she found them genuinely comforting. Kindroth always seemed to know what to say and how to act around people. From Jake, she learned the guy was ”pretty chill” and relaxed. He didn’t realize this was part of what Kindroth could do. The elf had realized Jake wasn’t a person who liked others being overly respectful, but preferred casualness, so he acted casual around Jake. His level of insight wasn’t something a skill could grant; it was pure talent. So was his level of guts to stand up to Jake during their first encounter. That wasn’t some act… though Miranda did suspect it was perhaps a gamble. One few would have dared to attempt.

Looking back at Kindroth, Miranda returned his smile. ”Jake can indeed be a handful to deal with, but such is life. Thank you for your words, and I hope we can both continue carrying out our roles well. I look forward to learning from your continued exemplary performance.”

”I shall do my utmost,” Kindroth said as he stood up and bowed before saying their goodbyes, Miranda staring after the elf while he left.

Even if she remained cautious around the guy… she couldn’t argue he was an incredibly valuable asset to their cause and she understood why he had been perhaps the top person in the universe that Ell’Hakan had been clamoring to get on his side.




***
Chapter 959: The Impetus Takes Flight


***






Question of the day: what happens when a Planetary Core breaks?

Nothing good would be the short answer. For a more detailed answer, it was all a bit more complicated, with many factors in play. One of the main factors was the method by which the core had been broken.

Breaking it through pure power wasn’t something a C-grade was capable of. Not even a B-grade would be able to accomplish it, which quickly made Jake write off that the dead planet had its core outright destroyed. Instead, it was likely a method of more subtle means that had been deployed.

Jake knew annoyingly much about planet-wide sacrificial rituals due to Villy and his constant semi-joking, and one of the primary methods of doing such a ritual was using the core. The Planetary Core functioned as the wellspring of mana and energy for the entire planet, and it was what held the entire thing together. Corrupting it would thus lead to the corruption of the whole planet, and using the core as the catalyst for a massive ritual to kill every living being on a planet was truly the best method.

When the Planetary Core was transformed into a Planetary Pylon, things got even more complicated still. From Jake’s talks with Kindroth and Miranda, he learned that it was entirely possible to use their influence and control over the Pylon to mess with it. Miranda even mentioned that one could likely rig the entire planet to blow only using the control granted by the Planetary Pylon.

This wouldn’t be something that could happen in a day, though. Not a few months, either. This was why Jake was so confused about what had happened to the planet now turned black on the map. It was especially confusing why this creature known as “I” had done it. It had been the only living creature on the planet… why would it have to go out of its way to seemingly spend the last three months also destroying the core?

All that would accomplish was to make sure the planet would never recover. That no new life would appear. It would effectively just turn it into a giant dead rock, susceptible to the destructive forces floating in the universe, as one of the primary functions of the core was to maintain and regulate the atmosphere, and with that gone, it was open season for all kinds of meteorites and whatnot.

Jake was wracking his brain as to why anyone would bother with that, as the Sword Saint did offer some potential explanations.

“Is it possible the core was absorbed or transformed in some way? Perhaps this “I” was capable of devouring it?” the old man proposed.

“That isn’t possible,” Jake shook his head. “While there are creatures that can consume Planetary Cores out there, we would be utterly fucked if we were dealing with one here, as the power required to do something like that is ridiculous. If some kind of ritual had been used to absorb the core’s energy it would also have taken way longer than a few months. No, the core must have been corrupted somehow.”

“Would a C-grade truly be capable of such levels of magical corruption?” the Sword Saint questioned.

“I would be capable of doing it,” Jake just answered in a dry tone, earning him a judging glance.

“What? I didn’t say I would do it,” Jake muttered. If he remembered the work he’d done alongside Temlat and his study of planetary rituals the Viper made him do for funsies, he believed that if he used Eternal Hunger as a catalyst of corruption along with-

“Naturally, you would never do anything so crass,” the old man cut off Jake’s thoughts. “The question still remains, though. Why would someone who’d already taken control of their planet choose to destroy it?”

“The only explanation I can find is that it’s part of this creature’s Path. Clearly, it isn’t some unintelligent beast, as it requires more than just raw power to corrupt a core, especially when one considers that it must have entered the Prima Vessel after killing the Guardian, teleported to the core, and then done whatever it did there… in fact, the mere fact it was capable of doing that must mean this creature was the World Leader,” Jake frowned.

“Doesn’t that mean it’s enlightened?” the Sword Saint raised an eyebrow.

“I would assume so unless there are system rules we are not yet aware of,” Jake sighed. It was entirely possible there were rules or exceptions, especially on planets with so few people on them. Either way, this entire situation was one they had to watch closely.

“Definitely make sure Miranda doesn’t accept any applications from this creature to visit,” the Sword Saint said in a semi-joking tone, shaking his head.

“If I really had to tell her something like that, we would have even bigger problems to deal with.”

The two of them stayed there a bit longer, talking about the latest planets they had visited. No one else came to the Prima Vessel during this time, which was to be expected. Only people from Earth who had gone to help other planets used the Vessel, and they didn’t even have to do that anymore if they didn’t want to.

Originally, they didn’t have any plans of making a Prima Guardian Alliance teleportation circle to allow people to visit Earth from other planets in the Prima Guardian Alliance, but after some further deliberation, they made one anyway. In their first plan, Miranda wanted to send people to the planets they “saved” in order to not expose Earth to potential bad actors or to give away too much about their homeworld and its peculiarities. After the entire Ell’Hakan fiasco, people also weren’t that keen on the potential of people affiliated with the enemy Chosen sneaking in.

However, it quickly became clear Jake and the others were just too damn efficient in their work, and there was no way Miranda or those she trusted could keep up. When they established this new teleportation circle, they wanted it far away from the Prima Vessel. Making the circle had been incredibly easy as the system had made it to be, and they placed it in a secluded small city with teleporters capable of taking the visitors elsewhere on Earth while not taking them straight to Haven or another major city from the get-go.

As an added bonus, Arnold commented this process of making the magic circle had been beneficial for his research. So definitely worth it.

“I should head out again,” the Sword Saint said after they spoke a bit more. “Can’t fall behind Ell’Hakan and his alliance.”

“True, true,” Jake nodded, also preparing to go help out another world. The thing about keeping up with Ell’Hakan also wasn’t a joke. His alliance was clearing planets fast, and while Jake honestly didn’t have a complete overview of who had done more, he had a feeling the other Chosen wasn’t that far behind if he was behind at all.

If you stumble upon this tale on Amazon, it's taken without the author's consent. Report it.

So, nothing to do but get back in the saddle and kill some more would-be word-ending bosses as if they were some annoying chore that had to be dealt with.

One thing did definitely suck. As was already touched upon, the Prima Guardians had just gotten easier and easier with time. Not only did this mean Ell’Hakan’s alliance could clear planets more easily with their elite teams, but it also meant that Jake’s experience gain had flatlined.

Maybe he shouldn’t complain too much, though… 3 levels – or 4 if he counted the first one on Olliandra’s planet – wasn’t bad progress at all in only three months.

’DING!’ Class: [Arcane Hunter of Horizon’s Edge] has reached level 294 - Stat points allocated, +50 Free Points

…

’DING!’ Class: [Arcane Hunter of Horizon’s Edge] has reached level 296 - Stat points allocated, +50 Free Points

’DING!’ Race: [Human (C)] has reached level 286 - Stat points allocated, +45 Free Points

’DING!’ Race: [Human (C)] has reached level 287 - Stat points allocated, +45 Free Points

System events were well-known for having what were effectively hidden experience amplifiers, primarily due to the many Records associated with any event. Knowing this, Jake wasn’t sure if he should be happy or sad about his level gain, though he was fairly certain he wouldn’t really get more than one, maybe two, more, even if he killed hundreds more Guardians.

While there certainly were extra Records associated with the event, Jake was still killing monsters he could pretty effortlessly slay, and their levels were only dropping the further the event went on. The uniqueness of the Records gained also reduced with every Prima Guardian kill, as while every Guardian was different, they still had many of their Records in common.

Killing one Prima Guardian was impressive… ten was incredible… but a hundred and it just turned into a regular unnoteworthy hunting trip. Jake effectively felt like a hunter regulating population numbers, with the desired population number of Prima Guardians equalling zero across the galaxy.

Jake saw the Sword Saint walk off as he quickly referred to the updated list of planets looking for help made by Kindroth and the associated code he was meant to put in the application description. With it mentally noted, he went toward the teleporter, ready to kill yet another Guardian and save yet another world. Truly not too dissimilar to a regular day job.

Kindroth smiled as he looked at the city called Haven, admiring its simplicity. The touch of magic was surprisingly light compared to his own world, but that did have its own charm. What was also very charming were the people of the planet. They were indeed an interesting bunch, from the monsters to the enlightened, who were quite frankly also rather monstrous in their own rights.

Miranda, the Court Witch, was also something of an interesting figure. He would readily admit she was more powerful than he was, and while she still had much room for growth in her role as the de facto leader of the planet, she was adequate, if still lacking. Unsurprising, considering her young age as a human. They only lived for a few decades before the system, after all. As an elf with quite a few centuries under his belt before the integration even arrived, he had relied on the wisdom of age during much of his Path.

Because of the value he put on wisdom, Kindroth did find it confusing why the Court Witch was the leader in the first place. While their interaction had been brief, Kindroth had met the swordsman people called the Sword Saint – a title nearly as arrogant as his own. Never had he thought he would meet a human from this new universe who made him feel like a young man once more, nor to meet someone so wise from age. This Sword Saint was a frightening existence in the eyes of Kindroth, possessing not only power but extreme political prowess and insight. If he had been the leader, it would have been fully understandable.

Sure, he was a member of this World Council and clearly held a lot of influence, but it would just make more sense if he was the dominant voice. From what Kindroth had gathered, though, the swordsman hadn’t sought the position of leader but wished to focus on his blade. An odd sentiment, but likely what was required to reach his level of power.

Speaking of power… the Chosen of the Malefic Viper. Jake Thayne. Kindroth had spent a good while with him but still couldn’t get a full read on the man. He seemed simple. Oddly uncomplicated for someone of his status. If not for his overwhelming power, and the unsettling feeling he gave off when he looked at you, Kindroth could easily have confused him for a regular hunter. Clearly, he was far more than that, though.

The primary reason he was sure of that was due to Ell’Hakan. The Nahoom was the most self-assured and confident person Kindroth had ever met. Yet the elf had felt it when the Chosen of the Malefic Viper was mentioned during their meetings. There was a level of apprehension and doubt when it came to dealing with the hunter.

Then, there was, of course, the title of Harbinger of Primeval Origins. A title not claimed or taken by the hunter but granted and cemented by the system. Kindroth still wasn’t entirely certain what it meant, but he did know it was related to the fact a True Royal and two other monsters of extreme power seemed to have been born or evolved into what they were due to this power.

For the Chosen to hold powers like that and also appear like a simple hunter was… puzzling.

As Kindroth was stuck in thought overlooking the city, he soon got a message that Jake had left the planet and where he’d gone. When Kindroth saw the planet he’d chosen, he couldn’t help but let a small smile creep to his lips. Finally, the time had come, and he muttered to himself as he looked at the setting sun in the distance.

“And thus the impetus takes flight.”

The scalekin lizard World Leader felt excitement in his heart when he heard they were next on the list. He had quickly gone to fetch his queen, a winged beastkin, and her response was equally elated and relieved.

They needed the help, and they needed it badly.

Their planet had, to put it nicely, not been united leading up to this Prima Guardian event at all. They had a mix of so many different races and could never truly get along and form one cohesive society. Before the system arrived, half of the world had been at war with one another, and the fact everyone got stats and power only escalated things. Entire races had already been wiped out or enslaved, and the fighting was far from done.

The only way the lizard man had managed to become the World Leader was because they had to pick one, and at that stage of their conflict, he had been the most influential. Since then, he had lost and gained power, with overall everything a mess.

It was so bad that many on their planet hadn’t taken the entire event seriously, even if the scalekin and a few other leaders had tried to make them. Despite the Primas ravaging the planet, the war hadn’t stopped... in fact, some factions took advantage of the chaos caused by the Primas to try and assassinate influential or powerful figures in other countries.

As things were going, they were headed toward destruction. It wasn’t even certain the Prima Guardian needed to be released before they tore themselves apart. The only slightly positive thing was that some stability had begun to emerge in the last month and a half as factions banded together. The scalekin World Leader managed to leverage his position to gather a coalition of smaller forces, and in response, other factions had also come together to oppose him.

But then… then everything turned to shit. During all the commotion, no one had kept the Prima Guardian Alliance teleportation circles a secret, meaning many different factions had their own. This didn’t seem like a big problem until one day, it suddenly was as the coalition that opposed the scalekin called in help from across the stars. The permission settings had been messed up for sure, as the scalekin had incompetently just not thought about it, which was the cause of his downfall.

In a single week, the scalekin was branded a usurper who had unrightfully claimed the title of World Leader. Two other World Leaders had appeared on the planet, and as things were, things were bleak… until the Voice of the One reached out.

He gave them hope. They had believed that fighting the opposing coalition would be impossible due to who they had allied with, but now the scalekin saw a chance.

For who would be better than the alliance formed by the Chosen of the Malefic One to defend them against those backed by the Celestial Child?




***
Chapter 960: Incompetence All Around


***






A large group was gathered in the spacious tent as the teleportation circle lit up. The scalekin World Leader stood side by side with his queen, surrounded by those who remained loyal to him and their tribal alliance. He knew many were skeptical when he told them help was coming, and when the teleportation circle fully activated, the disappointment from some of them was palpable.

A single figure appeared in the center of the circle, wearing a dark hooded cloak and a wood-like mask, revealing only two eyes reminiscent of a beast more than a human. In truth, he didn’t strike the scalekin as that impressive, but he knew looks could be extremely deceiving in the multiverse. There was no way to tell how powerful someone truly was simply by looking at them.

“I greet the Chosen of the Malefic Viper,” the scalekin World Leader bowed politely, his wife and others following suit despite their reservations. “We humbly welcome you to our planet.”

The human quickly regarded the scalekin, and it felt as if his very soul was laid bare as the man responded. “You’re the World Leader, I take it?”

“That is correct, my lord,” the scalekin said, his respectful tone now even more genuine.

“Good, then let’s not waste more time than necessary and head straight for the Prima Vessel,” the Chosen continued, speaking in a matter-of-fact tone.

“That is…” the scalekin muttered.

“What is it? If there are no teleporters nearby and we have to travel a bit, that’s fine, I just hope you aren’t a slowpoke,” the human continued, still speaking so casually it was truly shocking. Perhaps… didn’t he know?

“The… the Prima Vessel is not currently under our control…”

A second passed before the human scratched the back of his head. “Alright… it’s pretty clear there’s a story here, so let me hear it.”

Jake would definitely come to regret hearing their story, as it was not only cliché but also pretty boring.

Warring factions, lots of racism because of the many different races who didn’t like how others looked, century-long blood feuds between different clans because some chick married one guy over another, and so many damn twists and turns around who different clans allied with at different times. Honestly, it was a shitshow.

All of which Jake, quite frankly, didn’t care about. He did care about the last part, though.

“They have invited other World Leaders from planets that have already cleared their own Prima Guardians and did this before the teleportation permissions were locked down… and while the lockdown does mean they can’t bring in more invaders, we remain severely outnumbered and have cause to believe these World Leader brought along powerful allies. With me being the World Leader, we are also disproportionately targeted by the Primas and are struggling,” the scalekin World Leader explained, Jake surprised at and only really noting the presence of two other World Leaders.

He didn’t even need to be told where they were from either, as the answer was obvious. Still, the scalekin told him.

“These World Leaders are allies of the Celestial Child and are sent here to claim the planet. I… was also approached by the Chosen, and we had an agreement, which was why I kept teleportation open for all from the alliance, but…” the scalekin admitted, though he didn’t look like he felt good about it.

“But you were betrayed. What a shocker,” Jake sighed. He had already released a Pulse, and… he wouldn’t even say he was in a city. It was just flatland with a few thousand tents and very temporary-looking buildings spread about. Clearly, this wasn’t the most stable of factions.

The part about the teleportation circles was at least a bit understandable. The scalekin wouldn’t have believed those who teleported there from planets part of the alliance would join the enemy, but here the guy was, very much regretting his prior choices.

From Ell’Hakan’s point of view, siding with the other coalition of factions who fought the scalekin and his tribes probably made the most sense. They had more people, a stronger fighting force, and likely also a better leader than the scalekin Jake was looking at because the guy really didn’t give off leader vibes. His level was pretty good, though.

[Scalekin – lvl 280]

In fact, the levels Jake saw when he briefly scanned people in the tent were pretty good. It turns out that being on a planet going through constant war with other factions ever since the integration was a great way to gain a lot of levels, even if it also meant the planet had pretty sucky population numbers.

“Yes, I was fooled, betrayed, and taken advantage of,” the scalekin nodded in shame as he clenched his fists. “I believed the words of the Celestial Child, that he would-“

“Why do you keep calling him that when he fucked you over?” Jake asked, raising an eyebrow. “No reason to show such respect for some manipulative sack of shit.”

The scalekin looked about to answer as someone from the back decided to get involved in the conversation. A large horned man who looked a bit like a minotaur stood up as he stared daggers at Jake. This minotaur-looking beastkin wasn’t the only one either, as several more looked uncomfortable with what Jake had said, including even the queen at the World Leader’s side, but it was only the minotaur guy who was dumb enough to yell loudly:

“How dare a mere human disrespect the Celestial Child! Your pathetic kind belong only in-“

Jake looked at the man, his eyes glowing for a second as he decided to be nice and only froze the guy. With a low sigh, Jake silenced the room entirely as he spoke calmly.

“One more interruption, and it won’t end with a warning. That goes for all of you.”

The scalekin did react quickly as he seemingly sent some telepathic message, and two people grabbed the frozen and drooling minotaur and dragged him out of the tent. With him gone, the scalekin went as far as to go down on one knee, the shock from many of those there not something they could contain.

Stolen from its original source, this story is not meant to be on Amazon; report any sightings.

“I sincerely apologize for the disrespect from both myself and the representative of the Iron Bull clan. While it is no excuse, we have a less-than-positive history with the human race who once lived here before they all died out a few decades before the integration. They had enslaved much of the planet a very long time ago, with our history books emphasizing the evil nature of man… of course, we now know better, and I can only beg for your forgiveness,” the scalekin said, clearly trying to gather some sympathy points with his historical explanation.

Again, Jake seriously didn’t care about the history lesson, he just wanted to get things moving and not have anyone and everyone interrupting him. Maybe he noticed Jake’s disinterest, but at least the scalekin had the sense to continue without any prompting.

“As for the matters regarding the… other Chosen… I truly meant nothing by it. It’s simply the title we referred to him as and the one he introduced himself with. That, and I cannot rule out the existence of Bloodline manipulation from his side, still controlling my mind and the minds of many others who have met him.”

Okay, that last part was a bit bullshit. Ell’Hakan didn’t control people’s minds, just their emotions. Simply being aware of the Chosen’s ability made it several times less effective, and often the negative emotions born from being told you had been manipulated into having a positive view of the orange fuck overshadowed any others, amplified or not. But Jake really didn’t want to enter an entire conversation about that as he steered the topic toward why he was there.

“You said the Prima Vessel was under the control of these other clans and the two World Leaders helping them, correct?” Jake questioned.

“Yes, they are guarding it, so I cannot approach and enter,” the scalekin nodded.

“Are they afraid you will release the Prima Guardian?” Jake asked, trying to get a feel for how strong these two World Leaders who had arrived were.

“I do not believe that is what they fear. They instead don’t want me to hide in there and make it impossible for them to gain my key. I have heard they possess the ability to take the keys from other World Leaders if they slay them, and I fear that is what they plan to do. Afterward, they will likely release the Guardian, slay it, and… then I do not know their plan,” the World Leader admitted with a sigh.

“And why are they not just hunting you down?” Jake kept pressing.

“They have tried to a few times, but we move around and attempt to make ourselves difficult to pin down. Also, they do not appear to be in any kind of rush, as they keep gathering more unaffiliated clans and tribes under their banner as they slay Primas. Once more, I do not know the cause for their lack of urgency.”

Jake had a good theory of why they were not in a hurry… why would they with such an incompetent and cowardly World Leader? Shit, maybe they were even trying to… oh, yeah, that orange fuck would totally go for that kind of story.

There was a very good chance they weren’t necessarily aiming to even kill this World Leader but would instead wear him down until he surrendered and willingly submitted himself before them to save his own hide. Ell’Hakan was going for a story as the one who united the galaxy, and making a warring planet come together would definitely track. Also… being known for killing other World Leaders and “stealing” their planets would likely make it harder for Ell’Hakan to keep recruiting.

It also explained why they hadn’t just killed this group if they were truly that much more superior. Of course, it could still be that the people Ell’Hakan had just sent were incompetent, but Jake liked his own theory better.

Not that any of it ultimately mattered. If Ell’Hakan’s plans interfered with what Jake was there for, there was no way they could avoid getting into a scuffle.

“Let’s not wait around any longer until they decide to come for you again, then,” Jake said, seeing no reason to stay around any longer. At this point, he really just wanted to get moving… but life had other plans.

Jake saw the winged beastkin queen beside the World Leader shift a little, and he was pretty sure she sent some telepathic message to the scalekin, which made the guy hesitate. “Are… are you sure it’s wise to not make a proper plan for our approach? Assess the situation properly first?”

For a second, Jake wondered if this entire thing was really worth it. Why was he even helping some clearly unpopular and untalented World Leader in the first place? He wouldn’t kill the guy as that was one of the things he’d agreed with Kindroth, and Miranda would fuck up all their future plans as convincing a known killer of World Leaders to visit would be hard. Actually, this fitted well with why Ell’Hakan didn’t just kill the guy, huh? Either way… man, did Jake just want to knock out the guy and drag him to the Vessel at this point.

“We do have a proper plan. Me. Now let’s go,” Jake insisted… yet the damn scalekin kept hesitating, and Jake was pretty damn sure he knew what caused it. More accurately, who caused it.

Turning to the winged beastkin woman, he stared straight at her as he caught her attention. She stared back, and Jake easily saw how damn nervous she was. She was way too nervous for this conversation, almost as if she didn’t want any of this to be happening.

Not only is the World Leader incompetent, his own damn wife isn’t even fully on his side, Jake sighed internally before she spoke in an accusatory tone.

“Or is there a reason people here wouldn’t want you to go for some reason… now why would that be?” Jake said with a smile as he looked at the wife. “I do find it bold of you to try and hide in front of me so openly. Did you really think I wouldn’t notice? I’m a hunter. I specialize in sensing clues and uncovering truth. So, do you want to take this opportunity to fess up yourself, or would you prefer my interpretation of what you’ve done?”

To be clear, Jake had no proof and was one hundred percent bluffing; he just knew she had done something shady. He wasn’t even sure exactly what she had done, and outright accusing her of something specific could give away the fact he really had no idea. Luckily, the queen wasn’t smarter than her dear husband. Jake’s staredown probably also helped convince her.

Turning to her husband, who looked at her with utter confusion, she practically screamed her explanation.

“I… it was the only way! How long has this war been going on? How long can it continue? We need to unite, or this damned system event will be our end, and we have clearly shown we aren’t capable of coming together without outside help. You know they promised stability and safety! Help with the Prima Guardian! Why are you so stubbornly resisting when assistance is offered!? You said they betrayed us first… nobody betrayed anyone. The Celestial Child made a deal with everyone, not just you! He made a promise to this planet, and you’re the only one still refusing to see that! I… I will not raise our child in this kind of world!”

The scalekin looked at her with wide eyes. “You… you’re with child? I…”

Watching this family drama unfold before him, Jake regretted his decision of not just kidnapping the World Leader and dragging him to the Prima Vessel. His patience was truly being tested, but he had to resist the urge to do anything.

Jake couldn’t help but think about who the “good” guys truly were on this planet. One side had the majority of citizens and was still expanding, with more clans joining them all the time, while the other was ruled by a World Leader desperately holding onto what little power he had despite the popular opinion of the population.

But… all that wasn’t really his problem. He looked on as the scalekin and winged beastkin were talking in a hushed tone, half of the conversation clearly also happening telepathically, as emotions were running high. Jake decided to give them a choice, as he cleared his throat, making the two of them shut up as they stared at Jake in fright, seemingly having forgotten he was even there.

“All of this strikes me as a waste of time, so let me offer you one of two options. Both include freeing the Prima Guardian. Either the two of you go to the Prima Vessel and meet these other World Leaders to reach some agreement, or he and I head off to the Prima Vessel. The first option also includes me coming along, but I will remain hidden unless I have a reason not to.”

The two of them looked at Jake for a moment as the scalekin clenched his fists. “If… if there is a peaceful solution…”

“First option it is, then,” Jake smiled. It was time to show that Ell’Hakan couldn’t be the only scheming sleazebag around.




***
Chapter 961: An Obvious Trap


***






It should be pretty clear by now that Jake didn’t like any of the people he had met on this planet so far. When he first appeared from the teleporter, he was met with unfriendly gazes from all the different scalekin and beastkin, replaced by fear after he showed off his power. The World Leader was pretty damn incompetent, his wife a backstabber, and based on the reactions of those around, half were on her side. Calling this entire “faction” led by the scalekin World Leader a shitshow was an understatement, and Jake seriously doubted how he had even gotten that title in the first place. Actually, it was probably because the guy was the strongest Jake had encountered so far…

On the other side of the conflict, there were the people who were part of Ell’Hakan’s alliance. Two World Leaders Jake naturally had no idea about but assumed sucked because of the Chosen they had decided to follow. They clearly had plans of their own, more likely than not at the directions of the orange bastard.

Jake had considered what kind of response Ell’Hakan would predict Jake to have and how he would use Jake’s actions against him. He also considered how Miranda would want him to handle the situation. There were many factors to consider, and ultimately, Jake ended up with a conclusion:

He genuinely didn’t give a fuck about any of this… but he wouldn’t play that orange fuck’s game.

So, his plan was simple. Have the World Leader release the Prima Guardian, kill the Prima Guardian, and leave. No need to complicate anything. If the people sent by Ell’Hakan then decided to create any serious trouble for him, it would be on them and not Jake’s fault.

Jake ended up heading out with the scalekin and winged beastkin shortly after, despite their continued nervousness. Well, Jake called it heading out, but in reality, it was the two of them traveling, with Jake following along with Unseen Hunter active. He purposefully made himself known to the scalekin so the guy could take him along when they used the teleporters, but otherwise didn’t interact with them or did anything to give himself away.

Once they were done teleporting as close as they could to the Prima Vessel, they would have to fly the rest of the way, a journey that should take about five or six hours. Jake could definitely do it faster, as it turned out the husband was indeed a bit of a slowpoke when it came to travel speed.

Being out in the open and just flying across the landscape, things truly got bad. The wife and husband chatted along the way, and Jake even felt the scalekin lose track of his position due to how heated things got. In fact, he was pretty sure they both forgot he was even following along about an hour into the flight as they began to get even angrier and fight more loudly, bringing up old shit like how the beastkin’s dad had never liked the scalekin in the first place.

Couldn’t really blame the dad there…

Jake then learned about three affairs from the scalekin’s side, one of them with the wife’s cousin… which she very healthily responded to by sleeping with the scalekin’s brother, nearly inciting a war between two factions as, shocker, he had also been married.

For the next four and a half hours, Jake was made to listen to two mentally deranged people and their fucked up relationship and utterly dysfunctional family dynamic, making it really no surprise why this entire planet was so truly and utterly screwed.

Yet, some-fucking-how, the two of them ended up making out sloppily in the air during the last ten minutes of the flight as it could be their “last moments together,” and they somehow ended up making up. He wasn’t sure how, as Jake had tuned them out as best he could… but good for them?

Jake had never been more grateful in his life that they were spotted by an enemy scout at the perimeter around the Prima Vessel. It finally made the two people with the worst marriage he had ever heard of back off from one another and look a bit more serious as they stopped flying.

In the distance, a small group of around twenty people appeared, flying in their direction. With a Pulse, Jake quickly scanned the area ahead and saw the Prima Vessel along with a few thousand people. The ground was also covered with a large formation of some kind, so they had definitely set up to give them a home turf advantage. Likely both for the scalekin World Leader and for when the Guardian would eventually be released.

“None of the World Leaders are in the group,” the scalekin muttered as he saw them approach. Jake had a lot of questions due to that comment, as the guy had never mentioned he had seen the World Leaders or bothered to share their appearances, but at this point, Jake really shouldn’t be surprised at the guy’s lack of foresight.

About a minute later, the group arrived, and their leader stepped forward. “You must be Lord of the Curved Tail Clan and elected World Leader, correct?”

“That is me,” the scalekin, who even had a shitty clan name, answered with a nod.

“I was told the Chosen of the Malefic One would also be arriving alongside you. I’m certain that he could remain hidden if he so desired, considering his vast power; however, I believe it would make things simpler if we could interact with his lordship directly,” the man said, the scalekin looking surprised at the comment while throwing a glance at his wife, who just shrugged.

Great, so there were even traitors with an open line of contact in the midst of that group in the tent. Who could possibly have seen that coming? Jake asked himself sarcastically.

He’d planned on hiding, but that would probably just slow things down. Besides, he’d never actually planned to sneak around in the first place. Instead, he decided to make a proper entrance, and he quickly snuck behind the group before revealing himself.

“I’m here,” Jake spoke calmly, making the group turn around in fright from the jumpscare as he’d just appeared out of thin air from their perspectives. A few even looked ready to attack, but their leader held up a hand. The elven man, who clearly wasn’t a native of the planet, looked at Jake with apprehension before asking:

“I greet the Chosen of the Malefic One… and request to know his reason for being here?”

“To kill the Prima Guardian,” Jake answered instantly.

“That is-” the guard squad leader responded, but Jake cut him off.

“Let’s go to the Vessel,” he said to the scalekin World Leader, who for a moment wasn’t sure what to do, but Jake’s glance made him do the wise thing and quickly nod and follow.

“Excuse me, I-“

“I see no reason or cause to waste more words or time on you,” Jake threw the leader a quick look, making him shut off and back off. He did seem to send some sort of message, though, and with his Pulse, he saw the whole camp around the Vessel had already come alive. They were preparing, and part of this group leader’s job had been to delay Jake at least a little.

It was almost cute that they thought any period of preparation would allow them to actually put up a fight.

Jake took the lead as the three flew toward the Vessel, the greeting squad following them a reasonable distance behind. The scalekin looked nervous as hell, with his wife not that much better. Jake could readily admit that the two of them doing any kind of negotiations with Jake there would be hard, but honestly, wasn’t that their own fault for having the worst security measures imaginable?

Shit, how dumb was it to have everyone meet him together like that in the first place instead of taking him to a private and secured room? How moronic would one have to be to have their meeting where they discussed plans in front of everyone? The answer was that Miranda would have smacked Jake over the head if he proposed doing the same.

The closer they got to the Vessel, the more people there were, and Jake soon spotted the two people who were clearly in charge of this entire expedition of Ell’Hakan’s. It was an elven man and a beastkin woman, and both didn’t look like natives due to their clothing and the fact one was an elf. Plus, he saw both of them had purposefully made their rings visible on their hands, signifying they were both World Leaders who had also killed their Prima Guardians.

On a quick side note, Jake really hoped his ring was better than theirs, or at least would be, as if not, he was seriously wasting his time going through all this just to kill some more Prima Guardians.

The two World Leaders below quickly flew up to greet Jake and the scalekin. Correction, they flew up to greet Jake and entirely ignored the scalekin. Honestly? Fair enough.

“We greet the Harbinger of Primeval Origins,” the elven man said in a polite tone as he bowed deeply, the beastkin woman doing the same.

Jake noted three things right off the bat. The first one was what they called him. To use his title of Harbinger of Primeval Origins was already very odd as if they were purposefully avoiding saying he was the Chosen of the Malefic Viper… something he recalled Ell’Hakan had also done in the past, specifically during the “apology” from the Nevermore afterparty.

Secondly was how the two were clearly tensed up, seemingly ready to battle should Jake do anything aggressive, with the people below also more than prepared to jump into action.

Third, their levels and how utterly hopeless they would be if Jake did decide to start a fight.

[Elf- lvl 279]

[Beastkin – lvl 283]

They were decent enough for their levels, and Jake guessed they would be able to kill the Prima Guardian, especially with all the people they had to help and the formation below… but Jake wasn’t at the same level as these Prima Guardians. Especially not now that they were weaker than when the event first began.

“You seem quite aware of me,” Jake answered after a brief pause, his words holding double meaning. It was both that they seemed to know a lot about who he was, but also that they both were watching him very carefully right now. They hid it well, but he sensed their nervousness.

“It is only natural to be aware of such an outstanding individual, especially once we learned that we share a galaxy,” the elf continued. He was definitely the speaker of the two World Leaders, with the beastkin woman quite a bit stronger, there as the main fighting force. Jake could estimate she was a bit better than Olliandra from the first planet he ever visited. That is to say, impressive in the eyes of the majority but not anything to write home about for Jake.

“That makes sense,” Jake just muttered, his scanning gaze making the two of them more nervous. They were definitely expecting a fight to break out at any moment... which was exactly why Jake wasn’t going to just hand them one. “I would advise you to pull your people away from the Prima Vessel. We plan on freeing the Guardian, after which I will slay it.”

“This…” the elf said, looking a bit perplexed. The World Leader quickly gathered himself and rebuked Jake’s words. “We have already laid the groundwork for the fight, and our strategic preparations are all complete. Would it not be preferable for us to handle it and his lordship to not waste any time on such a trivial task?”

“Oh no, it’s all good. I was asked by the rightful World Leader for assistance, and who am I to reject offering a hand when I’m capable, and we all benefit from the death of the Prima Guardians?” Jake spoke, his smirk hidden beneath his mask. “Now hurry. The more time we waste, the longer the Primas remain at full power, leading to unnecessary deaths.”

Jake could see the cogs turn inside the head of the elf, as Jake clearly wasn’t acting as he had expected. Now, Jake didn’t think they knew he would be coming to this planet in the first place, but they had known he would arrive at the Vessel once they did hear he was on the planet. Releasing a few pulses also confirmed what he had expected was going on there.

At that moment, Jake felt pretty smart for not falling into a very obvious trap.

He could always feel people observing him, though it could get a bit tougher when there were a lot of people at once to pinpoint singular observers. However, with a bit of time, he had spotted them, though. People who held odd-looking crystal balls standing all around the place, with a few hidden in the distance.

In the multiverse, there were many ways to record events and equally as many to confirm the authenticity of such recordings. One of the premier methods was the use of such crystal balls as the ones he saw people holding. They were created from recording crystals, and Jake made the educated guess these were the kind with backups. Some really high-end recording crystals could clone their records perfectly to a matching crystal somewhere else, though it often couldn’t be that far away. It had to be on the same planet, at least.

The thing is, leaving the planet wasn’t hard. While the scalekin World Leader had locked down people teleporting to the planet, he couldn’t restrict them from teleporting away using the circles this group clearly had access to.

This also led Jake to the second reason why he had been extremely suspicious of everything that was happening with this group. What they were doing didn’t make any sense whatsoever, and the reactions of the two World Leaders confirmed it. They expected a fight to happen. For Jake to move to kill them.

All despite knowing they didn’t stand a chance. Ell’Hakan certainly also knew this. So, if they knew they couldn’t win, time wasn’t on their side, and they had easy access to teleporters to take them all off the planet – or the rings of the World Leaders if they worked like Jake’s – why the hell hadn’t they just left?

The answer was simple enough. They were here to potentially sacrifice themselves and have Jake kill them in a fight. Why Ell’Hakan wanted such a recording despite his recent attempts to act as if he wanted to buddy-buddy with Jake, he didn’t know, but he clearly did.

Jake was pretty confident in his theory, and while he still didn’t really care how Ell’Hakan wanted to paint him, he didn’t see any reason to play into the other Chosen’s hand either when he had the choice not to. Besides… the two World Leaders and their entire armies were below his level, so it wasn’t like killing them would even give him any experience.

“You are putting me in a very difficult position, my Lord,” the elf said, looking very troubled. “We were tasked by the Celestial Child himself to defeat this Prima Guardian. To simply have another do it would be very dishonorable, especially when we have come here doing the bidding of the Chosen of such a prominent god.”

The tone of the elf had shifted a bit, and while he certainly remained polite, it was clear he tried to bait a reaction of some kind out of Jake. The elf’s words insinuated that the god they were carrying out the bidding of was superior to Jake’s, and thus, he should back off. Any Chosen would naturally find such a notion incredibly insulting… but Jake wasn’t just a Chosen.

“I’m sure the two of them will be satisfied as long as the Guardian is slain and lives are saved,” Jake kept smiling. “Once more, please pull back. Clan Leader, please head to the Prima Vessel and release the Guardian. Slight warning: once released, it may chase you, so be ready and hurry out as fast as possible. I’ll handle things from there.”

Jake gave a look to the scalekin that left no room for arguments, and for the first time, the World Leader seemed to not be a dum-dum as he nodded and answered before the elf could intervene again. “Thank you for your warning. We cannot even begin to express our gratitude for your assistance.”

With that, he flew toward the Vessel. The elf looked like he wanted to say something, and the beastkin looked ready to block the scalekin’s path, but none of them ultimately did anything. Instead, they seemed to consider their options for a moment before the elf nodded and sighed.

“Very well, we’ll pull back.”

His surrender surprised Jake as he was fully expecting them to keep pressing, but instead, they all did indeed begin to retreat right as the scalekin entered the Vessel. Jake looked after the retreating figures and noticed that all the people recording were still going strong, and the elf and beastkin didn’t look that upset… no, they looked downright relieved.

Weren’t they afraid that their dear Celestial Child would be disappointed in them, or did they have some extra backup objective? Wait a second… Jake was just about to fight a Prima Guardian alone, with a few thousand live observers affiliated with Ell’Hakan and people recording…

Should definitely have seen that coming. They want to record my battle with the Guardian to gather intel on me… maybe they even want the recording for something else, too?

Jake wasn’t sure… but what he was sure of was that the recording he was going to give them wouldn’t be the most useful one.




***
Chapter 962: Putting On A Show


***






Jake had many ways to approach the fight with a Prima Guardian. Usually, he just killed the creature quickly with everything he had, with the majority of those he had killed so far unable to survive even a single fully powered blow.

Out of everyone in the ninety-third universe, Jake legitimately believed he was the one with the most powerful opening attack. For his level, that is. He was also fully aware of how intimidating it was to see a boss you had made preparations for or had even battled and lost to meet its end from a single arrow.

The question was if this approach would be the smartest in this situation. It would reveal quite a lot of what Jake was capable of, and he also had to consider that it wasn’t like Ell’Hakan had to ever make any of these recordings public. He could keep them for personal study, use them for blackmail if he thought that would work for some reason, or even just destroy them if he felt like the recording only made Jake come off looking good – which him showing off his ability to one-shot a Guardian would surely do.

However, Jake saw another possibility. A chance, if you will, to do something that would be fun, confusing, and perhaps even a bit helpful in the future. Mostly fun, though.

He had wanted to mix up these Prima Guardian battles for a while, and this time around, he wasn’t in any particular kind of rush, so he decided to put on a show for the audience. A show that wouldn’t actually show off that much, but what he did display, he believed would prove both puzzling and useful to Ell’Hakan. Though likely not in the way the other Chosen had hoped.

First of all, Jake wouldn’t use a bow. That would just make it way too easy, and he would show off his growth with his primary weapon, which he saw no reason to do. Secondly, no Malefic Viper skills. This was for his plan of potentially making the recording useful in an unexpected way. Third, he would fight it using a style he hadn’t explored in a long time. One he had deployed the last time he was to face a stream of weak enemies to keep himself entertained.

That’s right… it was the return of the man, the myth, the legend: Doomfoot.

Alright, Jake would also use his katars, definitely some other stuff, but he would still be doing a lot of kicking here and there! Granted, things did depend a lot on the power of the Prima Guardian, but if it was at the level he expected it to be, this very basic plan of his should work. No matter what, he couldn’t forget the most important aspect of this entire show he was about to put on:

To have fun.

Jake waited patiently as all the followers of Ell’Hakan, along with the two World Leaders, retreated, leaving the magic circle and temporary structures behind spread all around the Prima Vessel. The wife of the scalekin was also with them and seemed way too chummy, but oh well.

Soon enough, everyone had retreated and now just stood back and watched. The scalekin was to purposefully not release the Guardian immediately, primarily to give Jake time to prepare, but now none of that was necessary.

The observers also looked perplexed when Jake just stood there, only a hundred meters from the entrance to the Prima Vessel. He had his arms crossed, waiting patiently while seemingly not preparing anything. It took about two minutes before a figure flew out of the Vessel. It was the scalekin, and he looked like he had blocked a few blows but was otherwise unharmed.

A second after he appeared, hot on his heels, a very humanoid Prima Guardian appeared. It looked like a mix of many different kinds of beastkin and scalekin, with a few pure monster features mixed in, though it was hard to tell.

Jake took a few steps forward while activating Arcane Awakening in its balanced state, getting a running start before he stomped down hard, teleporting and appearing in between the scalekin and Prima. The observers had likely expected to see many things during this battle… but Jake would bet none of them had dropkicking the Guardian in the face on their bingo cards.

His feet made solid contact with the monster that tried to bite down on his boots at the very last second but only ended up doing more damage to itself in the process. His dropkick sent the Guardian shooting back, smashing into the Prima Vessel with a large thunk, Jake using Identify on the boss while it was still mid-air.

[Honored Prima Guardian – lvl 301]

Truly, it wasn’t worthy of his bow. Jake didn’t let up his assault either as he charged forward, the Prima Guardian roaring loudly as it met his charge. Dodging its first swipe, Eternal Hunger appeared in his hand as he stabbed the creature two times before large fangs sprung from its hand and swept down.

Pivoting around it, Jake kicked the Prima in the side, sending it stumbling as a follow-up kick hit it in the head in a nice one-two combo. Throughout, Jake couldn’t help but smile a bit as he felt the impact left by his kicks. He didn’t really do any impressive damage, but it did something.

Angry, the Prima Guardian tried to catch Jake, but he was an elusive specter and danced around its attacks while landing counters. These Primas varied widely in quality even when they shared the same name, and this one certainly wasn’t anything impressive… not that he could say any of the others he had killed recently were.

From the reactions he saw from the audience, they still looked plenty impressed, though. Keeping up his aggressiveness, Jake continued damaging the Prima Guardian with his barrage of kicks and stabs, the fight looking incredibly one-sided as Jake willingly proved his skills as a melee combatant. He showed off how the Prima Guardian seemingly couldn’t land a single blow on him, no matter how hard it tried. The two of them flew across the entire area, having an extremely intense battle, tearing up the surroundings in the process and really making a spectacle of it all.

This was just the first part of Jake’s plan, though. He was waiting for something to happen… and as expected, it did when he had done enough damage. The Prima Guardian slowly began to change. It got thinner, more lithe, grew longer legs, and overall its speed increased to new levels. In return, it lost some of its raw power, but, really, did any level of raw power truly matter if it couldn’t land any blows?

With its newfound speed, the Guardian went on the offensive for the first time in a while. Jake was seemingly pushed back and could only focus on dodging while barely landing any counterattacks. Finally, he saw a good chance as the Prima attacked from above, and Jake decided to block as he was launched downward toward the ground.

He slowed his descent and landed, the Prima Guardian floating above as it seemed to be gathering mana for some kind of magical attack. Jake was more than happy to see the Guardian be so cooperative, as it gave him plenty of time to act in front of his audience.

Jake made a show of glancing about before going and picking up a metal pole that was about three meters long that had been left by a tent that broke during their fight. Such a pole wouldn’t really be useful for anything under regular circumstances… but Jake had a way to make it into a valid weapon.

If you find this story on Amazon, be aware that it has been stolen. Please report the infringement.

Purposefully speaking in a low and unassuming tone – that he was certain would still be picked up by the recorders – Jake activated the skill as he claimed the weapon as a tool of humanity.

“Fangs of Man.”

As he spoke, Jake infused energy into the pole as it became one with him, strengthening it significantly in the process and, for a brief moment, made it give off a very faint golden luster that faded as quickly as it had come… but it had been there.

This was the most important aspect of what Jake was doing. The secret option of what the recording could become. Fangs of Man was not usually a skill that had any real visual indicator, and even if Valdemar seemingly could detect some trace of it during their encounter, he hadn’t been entirely sure. Now, Jake wouldn’t leave anything up to doubt.

He could already imagine it. The murmurs spawned from the Chosen of the Malefic Viper battling a Prima Guardian like a battle maniac in a brawl, not using any skills related to his Patron but those of another Primordial.

Jake wasn’t afraid of Ell’Hakan not knowing what he was seeing either. Jake knew that while Fangs of Man was far from a normal skill, the energy he had given off while using it had the all-too-familiar glow of a skill related to Valdemar. Even if Ell’Hakan wasn’t certain what he was looking at, Yip of Yore would surely know once he was shown.

The two of them wanted a world where Jake bailed on the Malefic Viper and potentially joined Valhal, right? He would more than gladly play into that fantasy to mess with the two of them. The only thing he felt a bit bad about was potentially fooling Valdemar into thinking Jake had a genuine interest in joining his glorified fight club, but if the god felt too sad or disappointed about it, he was sure they could settle any bad feelings over a beer.

It was clear none of the observers put any significance in what Jake had done, which was just what he wanted. He didn’t want people to think this was staged and something Jake purposefully wanted others to see. Instead, he wanted it to look like a battle junkie, not really thinking as he was engrossed in the heat of battle, experimenting and going wild.

A role he would gladly continue to enjoy playing, as the Prima Guardian released a massive bolt of pure mana that split apart in mid-air into over a hundred crystalized homing bolts. Focusing, Jake shot upwards, dodging many of the bolts while using his new metal pole weapon to smash away a few others.

The Prima Guardian wasn’t idle either but charged down to meet him while using its swarm of crystalized mana bolts. They reminded Jake of a shitty version of his own stable arcane mana, and he easily broke them apart one after another.

They did add a bit of pressure as Jake and the Guardian clashed, but not enough for Jake to bother increasing the output of his boosting skill. The moment they met, Jake swung the metal pole hard, the Prima Guardian seemingly not even seeing it as a threat. This proved to be a big mistake, as the hand it tried to swipe the pole away with had a finger broken while not even slowing down Jake’s swing and earning itself a metal pipe to the head.

Using the pole as a weapon, Jake kept up his assault, swinging recklessly. The weapon very quickly began deteriorating, as despite the effects of Fang of Man, it was still just a regular metal pole. Luckily for him, he had plenty of replacement weapons in the rubble below.

Before the pole even fully broke, Jake held out an open hand as he used telekinesis to yoink a shorter metal pole from below. The second he caught it, he once more actively showed off his use of Fangs of Man, and just in time before his first pole snapped in two.

Jake decided to heighten the tempo as he upped his boosting skill and used its offensive mode, increasing certain stats by another 20%. His increased speed and power took the Guardian by surprise as it was struck three times in a row with Jake’s metal pipe, and from below, more improvised weapons floated up.

Fangs of Man was the kind of skill Jake never actively used or considered much. It was just there in the background, functioning as Jake’s weapon skill. It could most easily be compared as the melee counterpart to his archery skill. It wasn’t rooted in any particular fighting style or weapon, though, but the nature of humanity and their ability to use or transform nearly anything into a weapon should the need arise. It made him innately understand how to use any melee weapon he picked up, with Jake knowing this stemmed from tapping into the ancient Records of humanity.

The skill even partly worked when he used his bow, except pretty much all the bonuses were overwritten by his actual archery skill, as the stat effectiveness bonus and whatnot didn’t stack. One could only have one such effect at a time, after all.

Either way, Fangs of Man was a powerful skill, and while Jake wouldn’t say he had neglected it, he had most definitely never properly utilized it. It was just really hard to justify testing the skill out and using it in a fashion like this. Finding an opponent strong enough to put up a good prolonged fight to really get into it was hard, and things were only made harder when Jake felt pressure to kill his opponent fast.

However, against this Prima Guardian, he had a very durable opponent that was strong enough to make the fight a little hard, and no time constraints he cared about. Needless to say, swinging random improvised weapons was far less effective than using his katars, but Jake had fun with it as he also explored the Fangs of Man skill a bit more and put on a good show for the audience.

Sadly, all good things must come to an end. Jake’s relentless barrage of attacks had left the Prima Guardian beaten and battered, both its arms broken in several places, with nearly a dozen metal poles sticking out of its back, with an entire leg missing.

Jake went in for the killing combo, as he used Eternal Hunger for the first time in a while but not to kill the Prima. Instead, he dodged one of its desperate blows before cutting off the clawed hand, and while twisting his body, caught the hand and used it as a weapon as he stabbed its own claws into the neck of the Guardian.

Finally, he pulled up one of the remaining metal poles from below, a particularly large one that had been used in one of the bigger tents, the thing nearly four meters long. Jake focused the second he had it in his hand as he recalled the battle he had seen using Path of the Heretic-Chosen. He remembered how Valdemar had caught the broken fang of the Malefic Viper and transformed it into an axe.

That wasn’t something he could do, but with enough focus, he could alter his improvised weapon slightly. A golden luster enveloped the metal pole, more intense toward its tip as it slightly swarped. It sharpened, taking on the shape of a simple spear as Jake smiled.

The still-reeling Prima Guardian couldn’t defend itself properly as Jake stabbed forward, hitting the Prima once in the chest. It roared as Jake predicted, and he took advantage as he used a quick regular Gaze to freeze its body with its mouth open. He pulled back the spear and promptly stabbed the Guardian through its open mouth, the metal pole penetrating through and exiting out the top of its skull. The tip entirely broke during this, but it was good enough.

With a good wrench, Jake shattered the skull of the Guardian even more, not stopping as he flew around the creature and twisted its neck one-eighty degrees before finally twisting the pole to an upward angle, fully breaking the neck of the Guardian and stabbing the improvised spear into the back of the Guardian.

In truth, the Prima had already been a goner the second he had stabbed it through its open mouth, with the rest just a show of violence to fully end its existence. Jake did one last swing as he lifted up and tossed the Prima down onto the ground with the improvised spear and many other weapons still sticking out of its body, the boss dead before it even hit the ground.

You have slain [Honored Prima Guardian – lvl 301]– Bonus experience earned for killing an enemy above your level

Jake, floating in the air while covered in blood from head to toe, cracked his neck as he looked toward the many observers, the scalekin World Leader among them. They got the message as a few flew over, the two World Leaders affiliated with Ell’Hakan naturally among them.

Their facial expressions weren’t hard to read. If they had been afraid before, they were absolutely terrified now. He did also see traces of confusion. Chances are they had been told what kind of fighter Jake was, which hadn’t at all fit what they had just witnessed.

“That was decently fun. Sadly, the Guardian was disappointingly weak,” Jake spoke casually with a smile beneath his mask as they approached.

He was very much looking forward to the reaction Ell’Hakan would have seeing the recording, but more than that, he was interested in Yip of Yore’s reaction. Jake wasn’t sure exactly how they would interpret it, but if nothing else, Jake had at least created a bit of chaos and confusion with his performance.

However, not even he could have predicted what kind of effects this strategy, which was in large part just a glorified excuse to experiment and have some fun, would end up having.




***
Chapter 963: A Very Interesting Recording


***






Skipping forward a bit in time, to a few days after Jake had slain the Prima Guardian and the recording had found its final destination, two gods were discussing its contents.

”What are your thoughts?” the first god asked the man standing not far from him within the vast library that made up his divine realm. Both of them had just watched the very interesting recording. Very interesting indeed…

”It was so obviously staged it’s almost comical,” the other god responded, an eternal smile hanging on his face. ”Knowing his Bloodline and abilities, he was clearly aware the recording was taking place.”

”Yet he chose to do nothing about it but offer us this show…”

Yip of Yore and Eversmile had met to discuss the recording of Jake slaying the Prima Guardian in quite an unusual fashion as they tried to make sense of his actions. Yip did have some understanding of the Chosen, but Eversmile far surpassed him in that area. Plus, the god of karma clearly had some personal interest in the human, so he was more than happy to provide his opinion. As for how they had even gotten the recording in the first place?

While it was true the ninety-third universe was cut off from the rest of the multiverse during this system event, that didn’t mean it was impossible to get around these limitations. Ell’Hakan could not contact Yip of Yore directly, but the ability to provide offerings through a skill of his wasn’t cut off.

Usually, a god would have two choices when receiving an offering. One would be to turn the offering into energy of some form, which tended to be the default choice, as it was very rare mortals had any items a god actually needed as-is. More often than not, the item was one that held significance only due to its Records. A good example of this was how the warriors from Valhal often offered parts of their slain enemies to their gods. The items themselves had little value, but the Records by which they were attained through battle did.

The second option was naturally to receive the actual item, something that could also only be done when the one giving the offering had a good enough skill and high enough level of Blessing. Needless to say, Ell’Hakan fulfilled both of these requirements.

Speaking of Ell’Hakan… it was a shame he could not get contacted to hear his thoughts on the matter, but oh well. Yip of Yore didn’t know how much his input would offer in the first place, as he naturally couldn’t use his Bloodline on a recording like this.

”We know that this recording was purposefully created for yours and Ell’Hakan’s eyes, and as you say, the question that remains now is why,” Eversmile spoke. ”You are aware of the skill he so blatantly showed off?”

”Fangs of Man,” Yip nodded. ”Seen and experienced myself. I reckon you also concur on its authenticity?”

”Yes, that is undoubtedly a skill belonging to Valdemar’s Legacy,” Eversmile confirmed. ”And I’m sure you also noted how he didn’t use a single skill related to the Malefic Viper’s Legacy. He didn’t even use any poison during the battle.”

”I sure did,” Yip smiled. ”It’s all so odd. If I saw this without context, I could easily have been led to believe that this was some fighter from Valhal showing off their skills. Or, more accurately, showing off one of their skills. Also, as far as I’m aware, Fangs of Man is not exactly a typical skill.”

Eversmile looked to be in thought for a moment before he spoke. ”Fangs of Man is as much a skill tied to the Records of humanity as it’s tied directly to Valdemar. He is just the progenitor of it. One of the basic requirements of the skill is to embrace your Path as a human and acknowledge human supremacy, something that usually comes more naturally to members of Valhal due to it being predominately human. One has to truly view the human race as the strongest in the multiverse – or at least the one with the most potential. Many of Valhal are never even qualified to learn this skill simply due to unconscious doubt about themselves or their race. Yet clearly, the hunter sees humans as a race belonging to the apex of the multiverse. As you said, quite odd for the Chosen of a beast to have such thoughts, especially if we assume he knows the history between Valdemar and Vilastromoz.”

”Almost a bit heretical, huh? Tell me it isn’t just me… but do you also believe the Chosen of the Malefic Viper is walking down the Path of a heretic?” Yip of Yore asked probingly, carefully considering all of Eversmile’s words. While the god of karma rarely, if ever, lied, he was good at concealing truths by only revealing parts of what was real, using wordplay or hidden meanings, or any other method to fool the other party without technically lying. Getting a straight answer to a question of any importance was almost impossible, but-

”Yes,” Eversmile answered, short and sweet, his next words only hammering it home. ”I do believe Jake Thayne is a heretic or at least will be labeled one by the system soon enough. Saying that, I will readily admit I have no actual proof, only my own assessment.”

Yip of Yore couldn’t help but grin at Eversmile’s statement. ”Your assessment is good enough. Assuming he is indeed well on his way to becoming an actual heretic… do you think the Malefic Viper knows?”

”That, I cannot know for certain,” Eversmile shook his head. ”Now it’s my turn to ask you something. Do you intend to offer Jake Thayne the opportunity to become a Divine Usurper of the Malefic Viper’s Path?”

”I’m not, not considering putting it on the table,” Yip answered after a bit of consideration. ”I fully acknowledge that Jake Thayne is the peak of this era, perhaps even the peak of history. While there have certainly been those who can match his power, he is not simply a fighter capable of standing at the pinnacle but the Harbinger of Primeval Origins. An identity so meaningful the system bestowed such a title upon him, letting everyone know. He is a rare breed indeed.”

”But?” Eversmile asked with a raised eyebrow.

”That doesn’t mean he cannot be killed. Only if it’s necessary, of course. But I will not take the option of ending his life away should he prove someone that cannot be negotiated with. If he chooses to remain at the side of the Malefic Viper, he will die, and as the slayer of a Primordial, do I truly have to fear the animosity such an act would breed? The Malefic Viper has done considerably far greater damage to the multiverse than killing some Harbinger of Primeval Origins ever could. I would perhaps even make a few allies should I succeed,” Yip of Yore answered.

”You have yet to truly answer my question,” Eversmile pointed out.

”I was getting to it,” Yip smiled, relaxed. ”My point is that I’m not sure it’s even possible to put such an option on the table in the first place. Someone like Jake Thayne is bound to be stubborn and, from my understanding of him, a bit simple. This entire recording is proof of that, and seeing as how obvious it is he clearly isn’t the most subtle either. Someone like him doesn’t strike me as the sort who would be open to being told to do something or feel forced into a particular Path. My ideal outcome is indeed that he becomes the Divine Usurper of the Malefic Viper, and I slay the Primordial, but if I or my Chosen are the ones who suggest that do him, he’s only going to be more opposed to the option. No, the only way I see to get him on board is to either make him think it’s his own idea, or by having someone he actually seems to respect recommend it.”

The author's narrative has been misappropriated; report any instances of this story on Amazon.

”Getting Valdemar to propose such a thing won’t be easy,” Eversmile answered, shaking his head. ”I would also point out that it’s not even necessary you have to present the option to him. There is a chance that is already what he’s planning, especially if we look at this recording, which feels almost like an application to join Valhal. In my opinion, you should find a method of letting him know about his options, though, in case it wasn’t on his radar.”

”I will,” Yip nodded. ”Based on how he didn’t even kill the mortal fodder who serve my Chosen, it appears he can at least be communicated with.”

”And if, in the end, he still continues to see you and your Chosen as mortal enemies?” Eversmile questioned.

”Then he’ll die,” Yip of Yore said casually.

The god who would be a Primordial Slayer looked at the recording playing on repeat once more but didn’t see anything new worth noting. By now, many of the plans Yip of Yore had put into motion had been derailed or destroyed entirely, yet he didn’t feel the slightest bit upset. Jake Thayne was an incredible element of chaos in any situation he found himself mixed into, and while that certainly made things more complicated for Yip, it had to be worse for the Viper. In fact, as things were looking, this would lead to a better final outcome than initially expected.

Yip of Yore was a god of stories. Legends. Any situation could be rewritten, meanings twisted, and plans retconned. As long as the right building blocks were laid down, he could manifest the reality he desired. The Chosen of the Malefic Viper was just one element, but ultimately… nothing he ever did would have more than a marginal effect on the plan to slay the Viper. Sure, it could make it a bit harder or less annoying, but what he really impacted was what came after.

No, in the end, the true decider between Yip of Yore and the Malefic Viper would simply be who was stronger. Yip, in his most powerful form, or the Malefic Viper, a Primordial who had sealed himself away for the vast majority of the multiverse’s history. Even so, a Primordial was a Primordial, and it was a massive gamble, but one Yip was willing to take if it meant overcoming his limits and reaching the next level.

Truly, if there was one thing worth regretting in this entire ordeal with Jake Thayne, it was that the Malefic Viper had gotten to such a human first. He truly was extraordinary in every sense of the word. Ah, the legends Yip and such a human could have written together. Alas, Yip shouldn’t be too disappointed. While Jake Thayne had shown little of his true power during the fight with the Prima Guardian, he couldn’t hide his true strength from the god’s eyes… and Yip wouldn’t say his own Chosen was that far off, if at all. Especially if the conditions were right. In such a case, their fight could truly be legendary.

Because no matter what, there would be a fight. Two geniuses of a generation like that were bound to clash, no matter the circumstances. The only difference was if it would be a fight to the death between mortal enemies or a spar to decide who is better between allies or perhaps even friends.

Jake had never wanted to just get the fuck off a world that badly before. After he’d killed the Prima Guardian and ”saved” everyone, he instantly noticed how half the people recording quickly teleported away, likely to preserve at least some of the recordings should Jake now choose to turn on them. The remaining half stayed filming the aftermath.

An aftermath that was really annoying. The scalekin quickly stormed forward to profusely thank Jake while the two World Leaders related to Ell’Hakan remained as vigilant as ever. Jake didn’t do anything to them, though. Quite frankly, he just wanted out of there… but while the scalekin was an idiot, he wasn’t that dumb.

The scalekin knew that the moment Jake left, he would be surrounded by potential enemies on all sides. With the Prima Guardian dead, they had even less reason to keep him around, at least from his perspective. So, the guy desperately wanted to convince Jake to remain a bit longer at least, and with the ongoing recording, Jake felt like he couldn’t just outright bail.

That’s how he ended up going to claim the Planetary Pylon with the scalekin, returned topside once more, and somehow ended up part of a big clan meet with all the different clans on the planet gathering for final peace talks.

The two World Leaders also stayed around, with a few people recording always nearby. Seriously, Ell’Hakan had to have invested some serious resources in hiring this many camera operators, but oh well. Jake just went along with things as a new grand declaration was signed, the scalekin swearing to create a council that would lead the planet with him only having a single seat on it. To make it clear, Jake gave this entire alliance about a month tops before it collapsed based on how the majority of clan leaders stared at each other with pure hatred.

All this shit that would more likely than not turn out to have been a complete waste of time within a month took a few days to do after returning from the Prima Vessel and claiming the Pylon, and Jake really only stayed around to keep up appearances. Alas, there was only so much he could take.

When Jake was asked to be the officiant for the scalekin and his wife renewing their wedding vows – because some-fucking-how that trainwreck seemed salvageable to them - Jake knew it was time to run, using any excuse he could come up with to get away.

Only once Jake was back on Earth could he breathe out a sigh of relief. He returned to the Prima Vessel once more and coincidentally bumped into Lillian, who had been standing there looking at the map.

”Ah, Lord Thayne, you’ve returned,” she said politely, throwing him a look. ”How did things go? You were gone a bit longer than usual.”

Jake didn’t immediately answer but pointed to the planet he had just been to, which was, of course, now green on the map. ”Make sure Miranda knows to not accept anyone from that planet. Ever.”

Lillian instantly got a serious look as she looked at the planet Jake pointed at. ”What’s wrong with it? Is it controlled by Ell’Hakan’s alliance?”

”… probably?” Jake said, honestly not entirely sure. Chances are they were based on how at least three-fourths of the planet seemed to support the two World Leaders sent by Ell’Hakan. And, no, Jake did not want to try and force them over to ”his” side because that would have required him to stay there. That wasn’t why Jake wanted to blacklist them, though… he just really didn’t ever want to see about or hear about any of them ever again. Of course, such a reason was a bit petty, and Lillian did have a good point, so:

”Actually, yeah, they are allies of Ell’Hakan, and we should avoid anyone from that planet ever getting here to prevent spies,” Jake said with a stoic nod.

Lillian threw him a glance before sighing. ”You really didn’t like the natives there?”

”They were really annoying, okay?” Jake sighed loudly. ”Also probably, definitely, now allies of Ell’Hakan. Which, in my book, is a pure win for us. Because going by how goddamn dysfunctional everything there was, I see no world where they contribute anything positive to any alliance.”

”It sounds best you tell Miranda about what happened if the other Chosen was involved in this matter,” Lillian reminded Jake.

”I should, yeah,” Jake nodded in agreement. Only now did he also look at the map and saw what Lillian had been staring at when he arrived, and…

”A second one?” he blurted out with wide eyes.

”Yeah, it happened only two hours ago,” Lillian shook her head. ”We confirmed it was marked with a blue flag before.”

Jake stared at the map where he now saw not one but two planets marked with a black flag. A second world had faced destruction, and Jake couldn’t see any other explanation than that ”I” creature. He hoped he was wrong, though, and it was just some freak coincidence… but his guts told him it wasn’t, which indicated only one thing:

This creature had now found a method to destroy planetary cores somewhat fast and consistently… and it was actively traveling around doing so.




***
Chapter 964: Keeping Up the Good Fight


***






Jake and Miranda met up inside the Prima Vessel as they both looked at the map that had more and more green flags by the day but also more grey ones as quite a few of the planets who had tried to face the Prima Guardian event alone fell to the attack. This was an expected outcome, as nobody had expected every planet to get out unscathed.

The appearance of the black flags was not expected, though. However, they had held on hope when they saw only one of them that it was some kind of anomaly. Jake had even theorized that maybe the creature had given its own life to somehow destroy the core or done something it could only do once.

Now, it was clear this wasn’t a one-off. What’s more, the creature known as ”I” had figured out how to destroy a core far faster than before. This also fully eliminated any possibility of it consuming these cores in any way, as there was no way in hell it had enough time to digest a Planetary Core this quickly. It was purposefully destroying them, dooming entire worlds.

One huge question still bothered them, though.

”Why is it doing this?” Miranda thought out loud. ”I checked the notes we had on the targeted planet, and it wasn’t just some random place. It was part of Ell’Hakan’s alliance, so unless this is some extreme plan to make us think they are unrelated to one another, I can’t see a world where this creature and Ell’Hakan are allies. This makes me think this targeting is indiscriminatory and random.”

”It likely is,” Jake muttered. ”This creature appeared out of nowhere. It didn’t hesitate to end its own planet and now moved on to do the same thing with a second one. I believe it’s just following its Path. There is no logic or reasoning behind the action besides just doing what it’s born to do.”

”So it’s a living calamity of some kind,” Miranda sighed, less than amused by the notion.

Jake slowly nodded, thinking that was entirely possible. Creatures like that could just be born anywhere randomly but tended to be in areas with powerful Records… and the Milky Way Galaxy was already a maelstrom of Records at this point. The unexpected was almost to be expected with their circumstances.

”Any idea what kind of creature it could be? Doesn’t seem to fit the description of a Plague Spirit or anything curse-based. It’s also clearly intelligent if it can teleport to other planets using the Prima Vessel or other system-provided magic circles... do you think it might be enlightened, seeing as it was the World Leader?” Miranda asked curiously, though Jake knew she was as much surmising out loud as she was actually asking.

”We simply don’t have enough information yet,” Jake shook his head. ”There is one more thing, though… why would anyone accept the creature’s request to teleport to their planet if they see it applying from a planet marked with a black flag?”

”A better question would be if its request even needs to be accepted anymore or if it can force its way in,” Miranda said in a grave voice. ”Either way, we should stay alert in case it somehow ends up going to Earth while hoping it chooses to focus on Ell’Hakan’s alliance. If we get lucky, perhaps your rival Chosen deals with it.”

”Not sure I count him as my rival,” Jake muttered. ”Who knows, maybe this creature ends up killing Ell’Hakan? That would sure be a plot twist of the ages.”

”A rather anti-climactic one after all the buildup of his story,” Miranda commented in a deadpan tone.

”Would be kind of funny, though,” Jake joked, fully aware it wasn’t going to happen. Ell’Hakan was definitely the careful sort, and he wouldn’t risk fighting an unknown entity like that without any information. He was way more likely to throw a few planets at ”I” to learn what he was dealing with before stepping up himself.

It was far more likely that should Ell’Hakan conclude this ”I” wasn’t something he could handle himself, he would try to find a way to make it fight Jake and potentially even kill Jake. Not only would that allow Ell’Hakan to get rid of Jake, but it would also minimize the backlash from having done so. Yeah, that was definitely something that orange fuck would gladly do.

What had happened on that scalekin World Leader’s planet was proof of how underhanded the other Chosen could be when he wanted, as Ell’Hakan had clearly been willing to sacrifice two World Leaders and every single person he had sent there just to get a recording of Jake. Speaking of that entire thing… Miranda hadn’t made any negative comments about Jake’s conduct, even when he explained what he’d done. In fact, quite the opposite. In her words:

”You were put in a situation with no good options. If you killed the World Leaders, you wouldn’t just have to slay them but many of their supporters, all of your actions getting recorded. Such a recording could quickly spread to the rest of the galaxy, and it would make our job much harder, even with Kindroth helping out. On the other hand, backing down entirely and letting them handle the Prima Guardian would make you appear incredibly meek and weak. Ultimately, I do agree your approach of killing the Prima Guardian while seemingly not being that interested in the two World Leaders was the best. It made you appear as nothing but a professional hunter just going around killing Guardians and not much else. As for that entire thing with your Fangs of Man skill… no comment. That is, in all honesty, far above my paygrade and something you’ll have to talk to the Malefic Viper about directly once that’s possible. No way I wanna risk saying the wrong thing, potentially pissing off a Primordial or two.”

So, yeah, Jake was pretty proud of himself for that one, and he had honestly expected a bit of scolding once he was back. Not to say Jake thought he had done things perfectly, but he hadn’t messed up enough for Miranda to make a big deal out of it. He just hoped that the moment he reestablished his connection with the Malefic Viper, the god wouldn’t instantly tell him he was a bloody moron while making fun of him for how much he sucked at scheming.

Returning his attention to the present situation in front of the star map, Miranda turned to Jake. ”What’s your next target planet? Anything particular in mind?”

”I’m undecided,” Jake said, shaking his head. ”How about all the others? Are they keeping busy?”

”The Sword Saint had some things he had to deal with here on Earth and took a few day’s break. Sylphie, the Fallen King, and the True Royal are taking quite a while with each planet due to their unique circumstances and lack of proper enlightened infrastructure. From what I heard, these planets also aren’t very stable and they were helping a bit there. Your brother and Maria haven’t been back here since the last time we spoke, and Casper is still working on the… I don’t wanna call it a reservation, but as things are right now, that is effectively what it is,” Miranda answered.

The story has been stolen; if detected on Amazon, report the violation.

The ”reservation” she was talking about was the permanent presence the Risen wanted to establish back on Earth, and the solution they had landed on was to give them their own pretty large area to rule independently while naturally still being under the umbrella of Earth’s council and Jake.

As Miranda said, it did feel a bit weird to call it a reservation, but she also wasn’t wrong in that it was pretty accurate. The Risen had been given an island quite a good distance into the ocean, with extremely deep water all around it, which would serve as a natural barrier for all the miasma and death energy a land ruled by the Risen would release.

Water, in general, tended to be great at absorbing other affinities and mixing with it – hence its use in all forms of alchemy. This would attune the waters around the island to the death affinity, but they didn’t fear it spreading out into the wider ocean. While they would release a lot of death affinity energy into the water, a far greater constant infusion of life energy would limit its spread.

As for where all this life energy would come from? The big ball of life and flames hanging in the center of their little solar system, shining down its rays upon their planet and infusing it with life every day. As long as the Risen didn’t put up barriers also covering the water, the powers of the sun were more than enough to keep death at bay.

On a small side note, Casper informed Jake that death-affinity stars existed elsewhere in the universe. There were entire galaxies that only had stars like these, turning them into domains where the dead tended to live in great numbers. Countless undead monsters could appear, especially in the unique galaxies that happened to have both death and life stars at the same time, leading to a balance of constantly giving birth to powerful like that in death tuned into powerful undead. It was definitely the kind of galaxy Jake would one day want to visit for recreational and leveling purposes.

Either way, it was good to hear the Risen were settling in. He just hoped the rest of the population wasn’t being too dickish about it.

“Have there been any issues due to their presence yet? Lots of complainers?” Jake asked, knowing that the Risen was still a very unpopular race.

”A few dozen protests, false alarms that the Risen kidnap people to turn them into zombies, conspiracy theories and fake news everywhere, as well with a few nearly-violent encounters with Risen just minding their own business. Not really any problem from the Risen side, though. Casper and Priscilla have been good at controlling the ones they sent and making sure to properly vet and inform them of issues they could face returning here, so they are handling it like champs,” Miranda said with a sigh. ”And before you ask, I have considered several times taking off a few weeks to go kill a Prima Guardian or two with a few others for a damn holiday, but I fear that by the time I come back, everything will have gone to shit.”

”Look on the bright side, this has to give a lot of experience,” Jake grinned.

”I’m in no way concerned my profession won’t reach peak C-grade first. It’s class levels I really need, and I’m not sure trying to get more class levels through this conflict will help calm things down,” she sighed.

”You could always rain down frogs on the protestors. That ought to make them stop and think,” Jake shrugged.

”What makes you think I even know how to make a frog rain? Learning to do something like that is in no way simple, and actually using such a skill isn’t practical in the slightest and pretty much useless,” Miranda asked with a raised eyebrow.

”Are you saying you don’t know how to make a frog rain?” Jake asked, seriously questioning if Miranda was even a real witch.

”… I hate that I do know how,” Miranda sighed. ”My Patrons insisted it was a vital ability to learn despite it having no use-case. Would you believe me if I said they even want me to learn how to make the frogs yell insults at people?”

”What good frog rain doesn’t also include a rain of insults,” Jake said as if it was obvious.

Miranda just stared at him for a moment before gladly changing the subject entirely as if the prior conversation had never happened. ”Of those who left Earth, I have yet to hear anything from the members of the Holy Church. Not that I necessarily expected them to come back and visit, but their silence is a bit surprising.”

”We already know they work with Ell’Hakan or at least have some kind of agreement,” Jake shrugged, allowing Miranda to change the subject before she decided to throw frogs at him. ”Speaking of their allies… heard anything from Carmen recently?”

”Nothing since the message that Valhal put together a team to roam the galaxy to kill Prima Guardians,” Miranda said with a shrug. ”I did hear from third parties that they aren’t only killing Guardians on the planets under the thumb of Ell’Hakan, though. Even went to two Kindroth had been in contact with and we had to remove them from the list due to that.”

”Great, more competition,” Jake sighed, not actually that upset. ”Is Arnold and-”

”I’m sure they’ll let you know first thing once everything’s ready,” Miranda cut him off, knowing full well what he was about to ask, considering Jake had asked the same question more than a dozen times already over the last couple of months.

”Alright, alright,” Jake muttered, a bit down. If only he could teleport to the red planets that weren’t part of the system-made Prima Guardian Alliance, he would have so many more bosses to kill. More than that, he would be able to speed up the end of this entire system event. Alas, he would have to wait a bit longer. Not too long, hopefully.

Jake considered if he wanted to go and visit Haven or something like that, but ultimately landed on just keeping up the good fight. There were still so many planets on the list created with the help of Kindroth, even if he and the Sword Saint were pretty damn efficient. Once Caleb and others were done handling their own matters, they would likely also come help. If not them, then Sylphie, Vesperia, and the Fallen King shouldn’t be that much longer dealing with all the planets with an Endless Empire presence.

Going over the list of planets, Jake quickly found the ones that looked the least complicated to handle, as he really wasn’t in for any more complications. He especially wasn’t keen on finding himself in another situation where he felt like an unwilling marriage counselor who just sat in the corner listening to the couple fight before randomly making up and making out.

Luckily, the next few Prima Guardian kills happened quite uneventfully. The planets he visited were relatively stable. If you ignored the fact they were dealing with a potentially planet-destroying invasion of powerful monsters, that is.

The point is there was no huge drama or involvement from other large factions, just extremely grateful World Leaders and military personnel. Sure, there were a few minor incidents where arrogant ”heroes” who were still scared shitless of the Prima Guardian tried to play tough and cause trouble, but a good staredown tended to be good enough to handle most of those.

Jake also made sure to mark down another important number. He had a bet going with the Sword Saint, who would get the most marriage proposals or just proposed concubines thrown at them during this entire event. So far, Jake was at eleven, with eight women and three men… which was still behind the fifteen the Sword Saint had the last time Jake checked in with the guy. This was despite Jake killing more Guardians, thus also getting more opportunities.

Both of them were losing hard to Miranda, though. Most factions didn’t dare try to make such propositions to people like Jake or the Sword Saint, but Miranda, the political figurehead in all this, seemed a lot more approachable, allowing her to now sit at more than fifty such offers. Luckily, she wasn’t part of their bet.

Over the next two weeks, Jake got his number up to fourteen as he killed nine more Prima Guardians. Between every kill, he returned to Earth to quickly check in on how things were going before heading off again. After killing number eight Guardian – and thirteen days since the last one – another black flag appeared on the galaxy map.

The planet this time was one that hadn’t been part of Ell’Hakan’s alliance, nor one Kindroth had any particular contact with. This only gave more credibility to the theory that this targeting was random.

When Jake returned after killing nine Guardians, ready to quickly go and kill number ten, he met Lillian once more in the teleportation room, taking notes at the galaxy map.

The two of them locked eyes for a moment, and as Lillian spoke, Jake already knew as he couldn’t help but grin.

”Arnold asked to see you… he said they are ready for beta testing.”




***
Chapter 965: Jake the Beta Tester


***






Jake had been looking forward to this day for several months, and now it was finally here. Granted, it was only called a beta test, but Jake still chose to remain excited. He had played enough video games before the system to know that calling something a beta test was just another term for a demo and to convince people to pre-order the product.

It turns out that wasn’t the kind of beta Arnold was talking about… the guy actually used the term correctly, as when Jake arrived at the teleportation circle, it clearly wasn’t fully ready yet. In the room with the teleporter, Jake found Arnold on what looked like a large terminal with wires of mana connected to the teleportation circle, with William writing something on one of the walls in deep concentration and a shrunk-down Sandy chilling in the corner, seemingly asleep, contributing nothing.

”So… how are things progressing? Does the circle work now?” Jake said as he walked in, Arnold not even turning to look at him.

”We completed all the milestones of alpha-testing after a period of twenty-six days and have now entered beta-testing. The teleportation circle now successfully taps into the power inherent in the Prima Vessel, using the star map and our own relative calculations of coordinates of every target planet based on this map. This is further corrected using a scan for mana signatures correspondent with Prima Vessel teleporters to accurately estimate the final teleportation destination,” Arnold briefly explained, Jake nodding along as he glanced at William.

”I noticed no mention of any karmic magic involved,” Jake commented.

”That is part of the elements we are working to implement in the first phases of the beta testing,” Arnold answered, with William still deeply focused on… something. ”It is intended that we will be able to get a general scan of what will be found on each planet to supplement what is provided by the Prima Vessel. More accurately, a method of knowing if notable figures are there that are either best avoided… or pursued. Additionally, karmic considerations are part of the calculations, but due to my own lack of knowledge on the subject, I cannot make effective use of the karmic mage’s knowledge.”

Jake raised an eyebrow, as honestly, the way they wanted to use karmic magic did sound kind of neat. It also didn’t escape Jake how Arnold clearly stood up for William, even raising his gaze from the terminal and giving Jake a look that told him to back off. Jake also instantly realized why.

William was part of the project.

Arnold was the project leader.

Arnold was a good boss who wouldn’t allow his project members to be thrown under the bus.

Jake took the hint and changed the subject as he kept asking about the teleporter: ”What is left to be ironed out before you would say the teleporter is complete?”

”The most substantive challenges right now are the power consumption and relative inaccuracy of every teleport. We are working over long distances with many concepts and factors at play that may disrupt our calculations,” Arnold continued. ”The more entities are teleported, the more inaccurate it will also be. We have done a few tests already with objects or captured low-intelligence beasts with trackers on them, and the results are both encouraging and troubling.”

”How so?” Jake asked, hoping the problems weren’t too bad.

”Let me first clarify that the power of those we teleport only affects energy consumption and not the inaccuracy. During some of our first tests, as we honed in the accuracy of the teleporter with single-entity tests, the outlook was positive. However, the moment we tried to teleport two at once, things proved difficult,” Arnold began as he looked a bit exhausted just talking about it. ”Every subsequent entity added to the teleportation exponentially increases the energy consumption and the inaccuracy. When we teleported two, they appeared five days of Sandy’s full flight speed within subspace from the planet. Three entities were over a month’s worth of travel distance away, four over a year, and with five entities, they appeared too close to the local star to even get any proper readings, indicating a travel distance of more than twenty years if we are conservative. These are just rough estimates, but I hope this clarifies my meaning.”

”It does… how about teleporting several entities one after another instead of all at once?” Jake asked, though he probably didn’t have to as Arnold would have, of course, considered that. Which he had.

”The circle takes time to cool down after each teleport, built in as a safety mechanism. Additionally, as we weaken the immediate void membrane around the circle with every activation, we need to give it time to fully restore lest we want to risk ruining our work entirely. Plus, unless everything is stable, the inaccuracy only increases,” Arnold answered.

”Just out of curiosity, what would happen if we break this void membrane?” Jake asked curiously, as he was interested to know what an actual void user would think happened.

”We wouldn’t be able to, so it’s a moot point, but if you are speaking from a purely theoretical standpoint, we would temporarily open a hole to the void and, without the ability to stabilize this gateway, likely end up consuming most of the Milky Way Galaxy before the natural laws of the universe naturally fix the hole,” Arnold answered casually.

Jake nodded as Arnold’s answer was in line with what Jake had read. The void membrane was just another term for the wall between the universes and the void, and the only ones capable of breaking it open were people with the power of gods. The thought that gods could poke holes in reality that consumed galaxies was a bit of a scary thought, but considering the feat some gods had in history, not even anything worth noting.

”How long do you think this beta testing will last?” Jake asked, having looked forward to teleporting to other places in the galaxy. However, it seemed like he would have to wait a bit longer. At least that’s what he thought… having yet to realize he was their beta tester.

”That’s why I asked for you,” Arnold said, keeping his usual tone. ”This beta test will not be as short as the alpha testing, and I cannot make any gaurantees we will even finish everything before the Prima Guardian system event has concluded, if ever. However, that does not mean it isn’t useable. Single-entity teleportation is already stable and accurate enough that I have full confidence in its ability to teleport you or any other singular person within a short distance of any target planet in the database. The reason why I believe you are the best subject is because we have no method to return the one teleported. It is possible the teleporter within the Prima Vessel can be used, or the local population that remains can offer assistance, but your ring remains the most consistent method available to ensure the return is possible. Even if that should fail, you are the Chosen of a Primordial, and I’m certain the Malefic One would gladly assist you should you find yourself lost in space.”

Stolen from its rightful author, this tale is not meant to be on Amazon; report any sightings.

In summary, Arnold believed the teleportation circle was good enough to work decently, and Jake was the only one who was a World Leader and could teleport home by himself. Oh, and should the accident be out and he couldn’t, his sugar daddy Patron could always bail him out.

It was a bit insulting, but it wasn’t like Arnold was wrong, and Villy would definitely laugh his ass off if he had to save a Jake floating about in the middle of fuck-all nowhere.

”Alright, I guess I’ll be your beta tester,” Jake agreed without any fight or arguments. ”Now, I assume this works on the red-flag planets, right? Does it also work on the gray ones?”

”It works on every planet with a Prima Vessel on it,” Arnold answered. ”That includes the three marked black. While they may be designated as destroyed, there are still Prima Vessels on them.”

Jake was pleasantly surprised that he could pick any planet, as that was just what he had hoped for. Thinking about it, these Prima Vessels were all incredibly durable, so they shouldn’t be destroyed by C-grades fighting. Secondly, it wasn’t like the planets that were marked with a black flag had all just exploded. They were still there, even if they were no longer considered actual planets.

”One more note before you go. We were forced to ensure anyone teleported would appear outside the planet’s atmosphere. Those we tried to teleport inside any atmosphere found themselves destroyed as they teleported through the atmospheric layers, so you will have to find your own way through. I’m certain you can handle it,” Arnold explained, which was probably another reason they had picked Jake for this thing.

”I’ll get through the atmosphere somehow. I have a few ideas. Now, do you have any particular place in mind you want me to go?” Jake asked Arnold. It was his teleporter, so it was only nice to ask.

”I don’t. You are free to choose yourself,” Arnold said as he pressed a few buttons, and a screen was projected onto the wall. Jake instantly recognized it as identical to the one in the Prima Vessel, making Jake believe Arnold had just restreamed it.

Having an open choice for where to go, Jake considered his options. Going to a blue planet was quickly written off. He could go to those without this teleporter, and those he couldn’t were part of Ell’Hakan’s alliance, and he saw no reason to head there.

Red ones were the most obvious choice. They were the ones where he had the highest probability of saving the most people while knowing there was a Prima Guardian there. It was also possible planets marked with a gray flag still had Prima Guardians alive, and there were likely people to save there, too, so those two options were kind of close.

However, ultimately, Jake didn’t want to head to any of these. Instead, he looked at Arnold as he pointed toward a certain planet:

The homeworld of ”I” and the first planet to get marked with a black flag.

Arnold looked at the one Jake had selected and nodded. ”I understand. Trying to discover more about the nature of this anomaly seems like a wise choice.”

”That’s also my thoughts,” Jake nodded. He also desperately wanted to sate his own curiosity. What kind of world had given birth to a creature now just going around destroying worlds? What the hell had the natives done to make such a thing happen? These were all questions he would hopefully soon have an answer to.

”Step onto the teleporter once ready,” Arnold said as he took out sixteen glowing cubes of metal, all overflowing with energy, and levitated them over to different focal points of the formation. Batteries of some kind to power the circle, and based on the energy Arnold had packed into them, Jake understood why they couldn’t just teleport people around willy-nilly.

Jake did as told, stepping onto the teleporter. With Arnold typing away at his console, different elements of the magic circle came alive one after another. The first thing Jake felt was space itself, seemingly loosing up all around him, and through his sphere, he saw William carrying out a sleeping Sandy so they weren’t in the room. Arnold had also put up some defensive barrier around himself, which really didn’t make Jake feel super comfortable.

Next up, Jake felt space vibrate and stretch. Small cracks formed in reality, and for a fraction of a moment, Jake felt the presence of the void as Arnold’s unique brand of magic wormed its way in. Intuitively, he knew it was about to activate.

”One final thing,” Arnold said casually just before Jake was teleported away, his voice sounding distorted due to the formation. ”The journey may be a bit rougher than you’re used to. Just know that is entirely within expectations.”

Without any further warning, Jake felt himself move as if he was yanked upwards. His vision turned dark, and his sphere began to pick up so much noise he had to rein it in to not needlessly stress himself out. He kept flying upwards for a good while before suddenly, he was flung to the side as if pulled by some invisible force.

This happened several more times as Jake was sent tumbling around in a realm of total darkness, broken up by the occasional misplaced flash of light that disappeared as fast as it had come. The entire process took over a minute before Jake was finally pulled downward, and he appeared in the real world once more.

”That was fucking scuffed,” Jake cursed out loud as he worked to orient himself. The contrast between feeling as if you are being tossed around at incredible speeds to suddenly losing all momentum and coming to a standstill was jarring, to say the least.

The entire teleportation process was far from consumer-friendly and definitely not very refined yet. Still… it had seemingly gotten the job done as Jake found himself floating above a planet right outside where the atmosphere would be. He used ”would be” very purposefully here… because there wasn’t any atmosphere.

For a moment, Jake had even questioned if Arnold’s teleporter had been even worse than first thought because he could barely recognize what he saw below him as a real planet, and definitely not one enlightened once lived on.

It looked more like some sort of asteroid. The atmosphere was entirely gone, and below, Jake felt no trace of… anything. He frowned as the sensation was so odd. He had expected to feel something. Death energy, earth energy, some kind of wind. Yet there was nothing at all.

Scouring the planet from far above using his high Perception, he could see a substantial part of it. He saw deep valleys and massive crater-like holes so large they covered most of the planet, and he soon realized these had once been oceans. There were no traces of structures anywhere on the ”mountains” he assumed were once islands or continents.

It was a surreal sight, to say the least, as he kept scanning the planet carefully.

Finally, on one of the landmasses, he found what he had been looking for. It was the only structure-like thing on the entire former planet, so the Prima Vessel stuck out quite a lot. However, even the Prima Vessel was gray and had lost all its shine. What’s more, it even had clear signs of damage, which was more than a little unsettling considering its durability.

Without delaying, Jake began his descent, his considerations for how he would get through the atmosphere never even relevant. Without any mana of note in the air, Jake could speed up near-constantly, allowing him to reach the surface of the former planet a lot faster than expected.

As he got closer to the Prima Vessel, he released a Pulse of Perception and saw something that made his eyes open wide. Not within the Vessel itself but what was around it. Buried beneath gray sand, he saw bones. So many bones. They looked vaguely human but were a bit off, and after some scouring of his memories, he realized they were orc skeletons.

When he landed on the ground, he also noticed something else disturbing. He had naturally used some resources getting down there… but he wasn’t regenerating anything. Instead, it was the opposite. The very land itself was draining just to stand on. The effect was slight, but it was there.

Releasing another Pulse, Jake finally felt as if he caught all the skeletons, and… he couldn’t even count how many there were. Hundreds of millions? Billions? It was as if the entire planet had died there.

Jake walked a bit before he knelt down and pushed enough of the sand away until he saw a bone. It was also gray, and with a slight touch, it crumbled into dust. Jake felt this dust run through his hands as he felt the sensation of a concept that made a shiver run down his spine.

Desolation.




***
Chapter 966: The Concept of Desolation


***






Desolation…

A concept Jake knew a lot about yet felt like he barely understood. Not because he was a moron – though that could be debated - or didn’t have the affinity for the concept, but because he was only a C-grade. The concept of desolation was simply not something Jake had ever expected to see in a context like this.

Not to say the concept couldn’t be used by those at C-grade or even at lower grades, but this was desolation in its purest form. It wasn’t just a part of some skill that had some aspects of desolation added to it. No, this was far scarier. One thing was certain… Jake was a lot more apprehensive about this ”I” character now than before. If it was a creature that could actually control the concept of desolation to this extent, this system event had just gotten a lot more dangerous than before.

One of the distinct aspects of the concept of desolation was its ability to cause ”permanent” damage. As was shown when Villy removed the arm of the one from the Azureflight back in the Order, the concept wouldn’t just erase the arm itself but the part of the Soulshape it usually inhabited. That meant there was no easy way to heal it, and no amount of potions or meditation would help.

Not to say it couldn’t be healed… but Jake had no idea how to, and he doubted anyone on Earth knew how either. The only surefire way of healing something like that was through evolution, where you were effectively reborn. Jake had no desire to lose any limbs or anything like that, though, but the mere fact such a risk existed for him and the others from Earth was unsettling. If someone did get injured, they would likely have to wait till the event was over and find someone worth healing them in one of the larger factions in another universe.

Standing up, Jake really took in the environment and its effects on him. His energy was slowly being drained, but what’s more, his resources weren’t regenerating at all. Jake even felt that should he sit down and meditate, he would only be draining himself further.

Turning to the Prima Vessel, he decided to inspect it more closely. He found that the damage caused to it was primarily surface-level, but the mere fact it had taken any damage at all was surprising. After inspecting the Vessel a bit further, he found its entrance that was unlocked after killing the Prima Guardian, which he honestly wasn’t sure if he could even enter.

However, when he got close, the barrier allowed him inside. Jake even noted how it didn’t seem to check his key at all but just let him enter, which definitely wasn’t how it worked on other planets. At least not those with living World Leaders.

The inside of the Prima Vessel was pristine for the most part, except for one thing. Down the hallway leading to the three different rooms, a set of footprints could clearly be seen. They had left imprints that gave off the same concept of desolation as the world outside. When Jake used his foot to wipe away one of the footprints, he saw they had all been made up of gray dust and that the Vessel itself hadn’t been affected.

Jake continued further into the Vessel and saw more traces of the creature that had entered it. From the form and size of its footprints and other minor clues, he estimated it was some kind of humanoid being. Oddly, it also seemed to have some kind of limp. He couldn’t gather much more from what was left behind, except for the fact he only felt the concept of desolation and nothing else from all its traces.

While desolation was an incredibly powerful concept, it was also very limiting. It tended to not work well together with other affinities or concepts due to its nature. In fact, its properties made it so very few creatures natively able to use the affinity existed. In many ways, something being alive or at least possessing a soul was counter-intuitive to the concept in the first place. Desolation was all about not only non-existence but the continued state of non-existence, and a creature existing while being all about non-existence was weird.

There were some creatures and people in the multiverse well-versed with the affinity, though… Jake’s very own Patron being one of its most well-known users.

To the Malefic Viper, the concept had been a part of his Path for a long time. Likely all the way back to when he was known as the Wyvern of the Desolates. At least Jake doubted it was a coincidence the snake god was known under that name back then while also being well-versed in the concept of desolation now.

Later on, desolation became one of the fundamental aspects of the malefic affinity, which was an affinity Jake couldn’t even begin to understand yet. He said that, despite his own constant usage of the affinity through Touch of the Malefic Viper, the glowing dark green color broadly considered a signature aspect of the affinity.

Jake had never felt the existence of desolation when using Touch, though. He was sure it would come one day.

Arriving at the control room within the Prima Vessel, Jake saw everything was still active and working, with the only traces of the creature a bit of gray dust here and there. After only a moment of hesitation, he began seeing if he could control the Vessel. This also didn’t prove any trouble, as Jake did something potentially risky and teleported the Prima Vessel down to the center of the planet.

Having seen the state of the planet’s surface, he could only begin to suspect what the core looked like. That’s also why he knew this wouldn’t be without risk. The core room was bound to be far more dangerous than the surface of the planet, but Jake felt like he had to risk it to better understand what he was dealing with.

Going to the exit of the Prima Vessel, Jake began preparing himself. He started by summoning his Scales of the Malefic Viper, covering his entire body, followed by several powerful layers of stable arcane barriers. While doing this, Jake even used Arcane Awakening in its stable defensive form, increasing relevant stats by 50% while forming yet another layer of defense in the form of the small membrane of protective arcane energy right above the scales.

Feeling about as ready as one can be when about to enter a very hazardous environment, Jake exited the Prima Vessel. Instantly, he felt a shiver run down his spine as a sense of wrongness overwhelmed him. Everything within the core room was gray, even Jake himself and his arcane mana; the concept of color itself seemingly made desolate.

As he looked at his defensive barrier, it quickly began fading away. Desolation was not destructive or showy. It just drained everything and anything, allowing nothing to exist. Jake looked on with wide eyes as his barriers simply faded away one after another. He had to focus while he still could as he scanned the core room.

The colorless and lightless room made it difficult to spot anything in particular. However, locating the Planetary Core wasn’t difficult. It was by far the greatest source of desolation, and Jake focused his eyes as he saw the cracked gray core that had once been the Planetary Pylon. It had been reduced to a Planetary Core and was now nearly unrecognizable.

Seeing this core brought Jake all the way back to the Tutorial, where he corrupted a Quintessence to poison all the water in the lake of those big boars. The item had been intrinsically bound to the lake, and as long as he sufficiently corrupted that, the corruption would spread to the entire lake automatically, effectively turning it poisonous permanently.

This was no different. The Planetary Core was bound to the entire planet. It was what caused the atmosphere to exist, regulated affinities, maintained balance, and was the source of constantly spawning new energy for the world. Now, it had been corrupted. Rather than do all those things, it had become the source of the planet’s total destruction. It permeated desolation into every single part of the planet until, one day, the constantly growing power of desolation inside the core would become too much, making it crumble alongside the rest of the planet.

As Jake focused on the core, his final arcane barrier broke as the energy of desolation made contact with his scales of the Malefic Viper. Jake was ready to quickly charge back into the safety of the Prima Vessel as something unexpected happened. For the first time within the core room, he saw not only color but light.

His scales subtly lit up with a dark green color as the energy of desolation was stopped in its tracks entirely. That wasn’t all, as Jake felt something even more unexpected next: Mana. A little bit of mana traveled from Jake’s scales and into his body, restoring his mana pool.

Jake was in disbelief at what happened as he quickly recalled parts of the description of his Scales of the Malefic Viper:

”The scales are legendarily resistant to magic and will store excess mana from any magical attacks that would have otherwise damaged you... this mana will be slowly refined and be absorbed or dispersed into your surroundings.”

In truth, this mana-restoring feature wasn’t new; it was just pretty bad so he didn’t really ever think about it. It mainly sucked because Jake didn’t really get hit a lot by small constant attacks to absorb a bit at a time, but when he did get hit, it was by powerful attacks where the scales could only offer some extra resistance and nothing more. The mana he did absorb would simply be too powerful with too much quantity, resulting in the effect pretty much not doing anything.

Unless it was certain affinities, that is. Scales were incredibly potent at absorbing the light affinity, as one example, and for any poison-based mana, it was straight-up overpowered.

Now, he’d discovered another affinity that the scales were incredibly effective against, and it had come at just the right time as Jake smiled.

The formerly scary environment Jake was incredibly apprehensive about even approaching had, in an instant, turned from a danger into an opportunity. With gusto, Jake tried opening his mouth as he breathed some of the desolate energy in, and-

Jake felt all the energy drain from his internals; his tissue began to die as it was emptied of all energy, and one of his lungs had a part of it begin to smolder like it was made of ash. Never before had Jake shut up so fast, as luckily, new energy flooded in and restored the damage done in an instant, leaving no traces except for a lesson learned:

This place was still fucking dangerous even if he now had a method to exist there. In retrospect, it was a bit as if he was wearing a space suit and decided to open the helmet and take a deep breath… in other words, really moronic.

Having learned not to be too much of an idiot, Jake focused on the sensation of his scales absorbing the desolate energy. It was odd to imagine that the concept of nothingness could be turned into mana like that, and Jake seriously didn’t understand how it worked… but it seemed like he was on his way to finding out.

The process by which his scales made the constant attack of desolate energy into mana wasn’t only dependent on the scales but a skill specialized in turning harmful energies into resources: Palate of the Malefic Viper.

In other words, Jake wasn’t just absorbing mana from the environment; he was also absorbing knowledge and Records related to the concept of desolation. A little bit at a time, and with how complicated the concept was, this wouldn’t be a fast process if he wanted to actually learn anything useful. If he stayed in this core chamber for a prolonged period, Jake did believe he would benefit, but he just didn’t have that kind of time in the middle of a system event. If he wanted to really benefit, he reckoned he would have to stay there for a few years at least, which did suck as this wasn’t the kind of opportunity one could come across often.

Encountering a C-grade version of the concept of desolation wasn’t something Jake had ever expected. This was at a level where Jake stood a chance at absorbing and understanding it. An environment like this wasn’t something the Viper or anyone else could artificially create, and even if there likely were quite a few members of the Order who could use the concept of desolation to some extent, he doubted any of them could use such a pure version as he was experienced right now.

Leaving a place like this was truly a waste… but he didn’t have much of a choice.

Going to this planet had still been totally worth it, though. Jake had learned something very useful about his Scales of the Malefic Viper, learned a bit about the creature known as ”I,” and now even absorbed some Records related to desolation.

Not to say he was fully ready to leave quite yet. With his scales, he felt confident to get closer to the core, as he still wanted to learn more about how this entire planet had become this way. Floating within the monochrome chamber, Jake approached the core as the energy began to overwhelm him when he got too close. His scales definitely had a threshold, and Jake had to stop a bit away as he carefully inspected the core, trying to get a feel for what the creature had done to it.

Making use of his stupidly high Perception, Jake scanned the core. It turned out he didn’t really have to try that hard to figure out what had happened, though, as he shook his head. ”Crazy fucking bastard.”

Jake had many theories about how ”I” had corrupted a Planetary Core. Everything from grand rituals to being in possession of some incredibly powerful item akin to Eternal Hunger… yet the answer was far more simple. What the lunatic creature had done was by far the most simplistic and risky method… it infused its very soul into the Planetary Core, using itself as the catalyst of corruption.

This not only left the creature vulnerable during the entire corruption process, but risked losing parts of its soul in the process. Especially when dealing with a concept as dangerous as desolation. Even if Jake was taken aback had to admit this discovery was quite a relief.

It proved the creature wasn’t some ritual expert or anything like that. Shit, Jake was confident he would be better at corrupting a World Core. A lot faster, too.

Continuing to look at the core, Jake took in the intense and powerful energy it gave off. As he stood there staring, an idea began to form in his head. Turning around, Jake headed back into the Prima Vessel and to the teleportation room there. There, he made sure it worked as he checked to see if he could teleport back to Earth, something he could, and he didn’t even have to put in an application but could teleport straight there.

Having confirmed that, Jake headed back out of the Vessel once more. Floating toward the Planetary Core, Jake was thinking as he shook his head before muttering out loud.

”No… it would be too much…”

But… with the cracks already in the core and its unstable nature and clearly lowered durability…

”Yeah… I should be able to handle a good mouthful of it, at least.”




***
Chapter 967: Advanced Meal Prepping


***






A C-grade eating a Planetary Core? Yeah, that was such a ridicouless notion it wasn’t even worth thinking about, even if it was a broken core. Jake had said it before, but there was no way for a C-grade to consume all the energy within a core, and besides, when the core was removed from a planet, it would lose connection and naturally grow far less powerful and lose many of its properties.

But… what if Jake didn’t try to eat the Planetary Core but just a little piece of it? Just a good chunk seeped in the potent C-grade desolation affinity energy. That couldn’t be too harmful, right? Yeah, it should be fine, what’s the worst that can happen?

Alright, the worst case was Jake accidentally killing himself, but he believed in the powers of the Malefic Viper. He wouldn’t eat this fragment of the core any normal way but store it within the internal stomach of Palate of the Malefic Viper to then slowly absorb the energy over a long period of time.

Even if it turned out Jake couldn’t handle eating the core fragment, he remained fairly confident he would get out of it alive. At least, he assumed so, remembering everything that had happened with the Dark Witch when he got his last skill upgrade. Recalling parts of the description, Jake felt pretty confident.

”Natural treasures can be swallowed… If the item is not a toxin, the item will still be refined but at a slower pace… allows the Alchemist to fully consume a swallowed item, destroying it in the process if possible. If the item cannot be destroyed or the result of its destruction is too violent, the Alchemist will suffer a backlash, and the internal space will be damaged.”

Clearly, the skill could absorb something like a fragment of the core. The only big questions were if the ”failsafe” of destroying the item for immediate consumption would even work, and if it did work, would the backlash potentially prove lethal? Even if it did… it wasn’t like Jake didn’t have more tricks up his sleeve.

Right now, he still just had a legendary Blightroot from the gifts the Risen gave him during the Chosen ceremony, but now he wanted to replace it with something even more dangerous than a root of pure death. As a legendary item, he naturally still had much to absorb from it, but a part of this core would be so much more valuable.

Well… as the saying goes, nothing ventured, nothing gained. One had to take big risks to get big rewards, and Jake had never been the risk-averse sort. With that in mind, Jake made himself commit by getting the Blightroot out of his Palate stomach and into his regular storage.

As a final precaution, Jake quickly entered the Prima Vessel and took out one of the devices given by Arnold to communicate with people back on Earth. However, it couldn’t reach all the way back to Arnold, and he wasn’t sure if it was because he was inside the Vessel or too far away, but he quickly got an idea.

Taking the device, Jake purposefully summoned his Alchemist’s Flame and destroyed it. He remembered Miranda had a skill to contact him that was tailormade for the task, and he gambled on that working… and considering he felt a telepathic prope not even two minutes later, he was indeed correct.

”What’s going on? Arnold reported one of your communication devices broke. Are you okay?” Miranda asked in a worried voice, which made Jake feel a bit bad as he quickly reassured her.

”I’m fine, no cause for concern, but I needed a way to quickly contact you. Can you make sure to clear out the Prima Vessel on Earth for me? I may bring something pretty dangerous back, and it would be best if there weren’t anyone around,” Jake asked quickly.

”Can’t we clear out the area around one of the other teleportation circles? The Sword Saint and Eron are still on Earth, so they could potentially render assistance,” Miranda asked, likely assuming Jake would drag back some monster.

”No, best to keep everything contained within the Prima Vessel… but having Eron around might be a good idea. Ask him to go to the Prima Vessel and be ready, but only if he is confident in handling the concept of desolation,” Jake said after some thought.

”I will… wait, why are you talking about the concept of desolation? What the hell are you doing?” Miranda asked, and Jake got the feeling much of her concern had now been replaced with an understanding of what Jake was up to – an understanding he gladly fully confirmed.

”Something very reckless and probably a little dumb,” Jake said, unable to hold back a small smile.

”Just don’t get yourself killed… and good luck,” Miranda sighed on the other end, not even arguing or asking for more details. Something Jake appreciated.

”Thanks. See you in not that long if things work out,” Jake finished the conversation as he returned his attention to the task at hand. He was even a bit proud of himself that he had the forethought to take precautions and clear out the Prima Vessel back on Earth. There was definitely a point in his life the thought wouldn’t have even crossed his mind.

Anyway, with that handled, now he just also had to figure out how to break a part of the core off. Normally, Jake wouldn’t even have considered it an option, but this was a very special case. The core was already cracked in many places due to the powerful energy of desolation, making it far less durable. Secondly, one of the properties of desolation was that even things that hadn’t turned completely desolate yet became a lot more brittle.

The Prima Vessel was a good example of that, and Jake even tested his theory after leaving the Prima Vessel again by taking out Eternal Hunger, and with some struggle, he could leave cutting marks on its surface. There was no way he could do the same back on Earth, but simply being in this environment, the Vessel’s durability had been significantly reduced. He did notice after cutting it that it seemed to have an even tougher inner shell, but with time, chances are the desolation would still manage to seep through.

Jake wasn’t sure that would ever happen, though. It would take a lot of time, after all, and he didn’t believe this core chamber had a lot of time left. The core would naturally break far before the Prima Vessel would, and even if it didn’t, Jake was about to break stuff all on his own.

Looking at the core more closely, using both his eyes and his sphere, he circled around a bit, trying to find the best weak point. Soon enough, he found somewhere the crack went deep and had a good angle for what Jake was planning.

He did a bit more testing to see if what he wanted to do was viable, and he quickly hit some problems. As getting close to the core wasn’t the healthiest, Jake wanted to shoot a Protean Arrow designed to function as a wedge to break apart the core.

However, when he tried to test by channeling an Arcane Powershot, he quickly found the first issue. The arcane energy Jake gave off actively fought and was supressed by the environment, and what’s more, even the bow began to take in some energy of desolation. Not a lot, and it wasn’t a problem, but it was concerning.

He also began to question if the arrow would even remain stable for long enough. Even if it didn’t outright get dismantled, would it work properly as a wedge? It would turn brittle, especially that close to the core.

Quickly, he put away his bow, shelving that plan. Instead, he took out the one weapon he knew would be fine even in this environment. As expected, Eternal Hunger didn’t – to put it politely – give a flying fuck about some C-grade desolation energy being pumped out by a corrupted Planetary Core.

Jake did feel an innate sense of disgust from the weapon, though. The concept of desolation was nearly the exact opposite of the sin curse of hunger. Desolation didn’t consume anything. It just removed energy and did so no energy could ever return. If desolation won, there would be nothing to eat, something the curse innately felt and couldn’t accept.

Trying to absorb any of this energy of desolation would also be incredibly stupid, as all it would do was slightly weaken the energy of the curse. On a funny side note, using the concept of desolation was one of the most effective methods of getting rid of curses or safely destroying cursed objects. Normally, if you destroyed something like Eternal Hunger, you would just let all the curse energy loose, but if you forcefully filled it with the energy of desolation, it would kill the curse until the weapon turned into dust.

To clarify, this wasn’t a risk here. Even if Eternal Hunger somehow managed to absorb this entire Planetary Core, it wouldn’t have much of an adverse effect on the curse. There was simply a far too big difference in power between the two.

Either way, with archery out of the question, Jake had to stick with Eternal Hunger. Luckily, the weapon had some very useful properties for this type of scenario. Continuing to inspect the cracks in the core, Jake began to slowly change the shape of Eternal Hunger to something more suitable for the job.

Once he was done, he mentally and physically prepared himself. Having to enter melee, Jake would take a far higher risk as he would have to get right up to the large Planetary Core and try to break a good part of it off.

Focusing more on his Scales of the Malefic Viper, he pushed the skill as far as he could. While he would have loved some fortunate moment of enlightenment and an upgrade, he wasn’t quite there yet. Finally, before it was go-time, Jake held nothing back as Arcane Awakening activated fully and wings sprung from his back.

Here goes nothing, Jake thought as he flew forward, the powerful energy of desolation washing over him the closer he got to the core. Dozens of arcane barriers were summoned to take off some of the heat, but they would only do this much in an environment where summoning anything outside his body was borderline impossible. His scales struggled, some of them cracking as Jake quickly summoned new ones, and he felt some of the energy begin to enter his body, his destructive energy rushing to cancel out the desolation.

Jake couldn’t do this for long… but he held on, and soon, he was right in front of the core. He lifted the weapon he would use to break this core right open as quite an odd sight played out that would definitely have made any observers have a second take.

Eternal Hunger, a mythical weapon born from an ancient curse from a long-forgotten vampiric land, fused with the simulacrum from another system-created reality, and undoubtedly one of, if not the most powerful weapons in the entire ninety-third universe, was currently transformed into an oversized crowbar that Jake slammed into the crack in the Planetary Core.

With a subdued yell, as he really didn’t want to open his mouth, he used all his strength on the crowbar to try and pry the huge core of desolation open, yet it remained stuck in the crack. Feeling the pressure only mounting more, Jake did something even more risky, as he trusted the one thing he could always trust: his boots.

He had wanted to avoid directly touching the core, but he saw no other choice as he stepped down on the core for increased leverage. Instantly, he felt the rush of energy trying to invade his body, with its first target being the boots it directly touched.

The foolish concept did not know the foe it had encountered. The Best Boots proved far more resilient to desolation than even his scales, shrugging it off entirely. This looked like a good thing on the surface, except the boots didn’t really stop the energy from attacking Jake, and while it was nice enough to have his feet mostly spared, his legs remained open season.

Not that Jake planned on standing on the core for long. With increased leverage and a good yank, Jake felt the core give way. With another good pull, he finally managed to crack the whole core wide open and break it apart… but…

Fuck.

Jake had wanted to split a good piece off, and the way it was cracked, Jake hoped to only eat about a fifth of the entire core. Maybe a quarter. What Jake had instead done was break the core infuriatingly cleanly in half, leaving two giant halves of the core slowly floating apart as a torrent of desolate energy rushed over Jake, forcing him to retreat. Even so, he was still heavily inflicted as a lot of energy got through his scales, making his skin and much of his flesh turn gray.

Eating half a core was way too much… way more than he had planned.

He had to make a decision here and now. The entire core room was shaking as it was about to collapse with the core no longer keeping it together, and the rush of desolation making all the cave walls so much more brittle, making much of it crumble on its own.

His gaze darted to the Prima Vessel and back to the two halves of the core floating apart as he cursed internally at his own reckless stupidity and refusal to give up.

Fuuuck!

Opening his mouth, Jake’s stubbornness had won out. One of the two halves – the ever-so-slightly smaller one – began to shrink as it flew toward Jake and straight into his Palate of the Malefic Viper’s stomach. Before he could even register it was fully in there, he moved.

Flying toward the Prima Vessel, he saw the barrier blocking the entrance fading away as he entered the hallway of the Vessel, the barrier fully fading behind him when he passed it. Desolation invaded the Vessel as Jake flew for the teleportation room as quickly as he could, with the only signs of the desolation following him that the hallway turned entirely gray in his wake.

Inside him, he felt the consumed half of the Planetary Core settle as it pumped out vast amounts of desolation, Jake gritting his teeth as he focused as best he could to keep it contained until he was in relative safety.

Arriving at the teleporter, Jake didn’t hesitate a single moment before he activated it to teleport back to Earth. The entire Vessel was shaking, and through his sphere, he knew it was currently in movement and falling, the ground it had been standing on having given out due to the instability of the entire core room.

With everything shaking and the desolation flooding toward the chamber, the teleporter couldn’t activate fast enough. Jake’s eyes were wide as the colorless presence entered the chamber, but just before it reached the edge of the teleportation circle and destroyed it, Jake’s vision turned black as he was whisked away.

He appeared within the Prima Vessel back on Earth near-instantly, but he didn’t have any time to think about how much better this teleportation was than Arnold’s. The moment he returned, Jake sat down in meditation and closed his eyes, as one thing was clear…

Jake had bitten off a lot more than he could chew. Scratch that, he hadn’t even tried to chew it but swallowed the damn thing whole, and he was now in for perhaps the worst case of food poisoning imaginable… likely even worse than the result of eating supermarket sushi on its last best-by date.




***
Chapter 968: Understanding the Scales of Desolation


***






A pulsing sensation echoed through Jake’s entire body and soul as waves of desolation were released from within himself, seeking to spread out from its containment. This situation was very different from the scenario with the Dark Witch. Back then, he had a volatile and explosive core, but the Half-a-Planetary Core Jake had eaten this time around was the exact opposite of volatile.

In many ways, it was far scarier than something that just went boom. Jake didn’t even feel any pressure on the inner walls of the Palate stomach, nor did he feel any pain. He just felt a sense of emptiness and numbness wherever the desolation passed. It was honestly soothing and relaxing, making Jake think that it was okay to just relax. Perhaps he should even take a nap.

However, he still knew his situation wasn’t good, and his survival instinct was fully engaged, as surrendering to the calmness and letting his consciousness fade away would mean he would never wake up again. He tried different methods to handle the desolation, but it quickly became clear there was simply too much energy to handle.

Palate of the Malefic Viper’s internal stomach was a separate space within Jake’s Soulspace, where anything he ate was sealed within and slowly extracted of energy and Records. Now, the walls were being made desolate faster than they could absorb the energy, which forced Jake to not try and supress all the energy of the core, but let some slip through and into his body.

To fight back, whenever desolation washed over him, a wave of destructive arcane energy followed, destroying and canceling out the energy of desolation. This did have the problem that Jake repeatedly hurt his own body, and things were far from ideal. He still had options if things continued like this… but just then, he felt something.

A warm flow of energy came over him, as he felt the parts he destroyed with his arcane energy be restored. He had been so focused on the fighting within himself that he hadn’t noticed the external world at all, nor the man who now stood in the chamber with him. Jake wanted to open his eyes, but he stopped when a message entered his mind.

“Focus on doing what you must do. I shall maintain the integrity of your body in the meantime,” Eron’s voice echoed in Jake’s mind. As he spoke, even more energy fell over Jake’s body as the desolation still lingering was rapidly pushed back by what felt like a tidal wave of pure vital energy.

The bane of desolation was something too powerful or too filled with energy to make desolate… and Eron was like an endless wellspring of pure vital energy. Jake truly didn’t know how much energy Eron had, but in that moment, he had an odd sense of confidence that should this be a battle of endurance between the consumed core and Eron, the healer wouldn’t be on the losing side.

That wasn’t what Jake wanted, though. He didn’t want the core “fixed” of its desolation, and every bit of energy that seeped out of the Palate’s stomach and into the rest of his being was a loss. Still, with Eron now watching over Jake, he could fully refocus on his internal realm without worrying about his body becoming an empty husk devoid of energy and life in the meantime.

Using Serene Soul Meditation, Jake let his consciousness enter his own Soulspace. Opening his eyes within the vast realm that was his soul, Jake took everything in. The shadowy figure representing Eternal Hunger, the single drop of blood floating in the middle of nothingness giving off extreme power, and the sky the color of his arcane affinity all struck his eye first, as he took in the world representing his own soul.

The stomach created by Palate wasn’t in this space, and yet it kind of was. It was like another layer of space, separated from the rest of his Soulspace. Perhaps this was by design to protect the user of the skill, but it was clearly still connected. If it was not, how else would the drop of blood from the Malefic Viper have ever appeared within his true Soulspace after he consumed it using Palate?

Focusing, he observed Palate’s stomach more closely than before. He was still purposefully allowing it to leak out energy to not flood the stomach. It was a bit like if the core constantly leaked water into a limited container, and if Jake didn’t allow some of it out, the Palate stomach would end up bursting. To stop that from happening, Jake would really only have one of five choices:

Firstly, he could purposefully explode the stomach and destroy the core while suffering a backlash. The second option was the simplest one, as he could always just spit out the core… though that would definitely turn the inside of the Prima Vessel into a permanent no-go zone, and Jake would probably have to ask Arnold to send the entire thing into empty space to avoid a disaster in the future. Option three was to not allow the stomach to leak into his body, but try and redirect everything into his real Soulspace, but Jake seriously didn’t know the consequences of that. Of course, besides these three options, he could also just try and hope things would eventually work out on their own as he let more and more desolation leak out into his body with expectations that Eron could keep it at bay until the core weakened enough for Jake to be able to handle it. Needless to say, this option was shit, and honestly, the other three weren’t exactly appealing either.

His fifth and final option was one most others wouldn’t even consider. Not because it was a bad idea but because it wasn’t at all feasible, especially not in a situation like this.

The fundamental source of all Jake’s problems was that his Palate of the Malefic Viper couldn’t handle the core. Jake was the type who liked the easiest solutions to the most complicated of issues, and the easiest way to handle this was to simply make his Palate capable of withstanding the Desolation Core, as Jake had just impromptu decided to call it.

But… how would he do that?

Standing within his Soulspace, Jake honestly didn’t think that option three – to simply release the desolation into his Soulspace – would do him much harm, but he did fear that it would effectively waste all the desolation energy within the core.

If Jake was dealing with any other kind of extremely dense energy source, he would be afraid of it exploding or something like that, but desolation didn’t work like that. Jake imagined it would just flood his Soulspace, wake up an annoyed Eternal Hunger, or even encounter the droplet of blood from the Viper and end up being erased entirely. Of course, that assumed it even got that far and wasn’t annihilated by the passive environment within Jake’s soul.

Also, as to why he was currently leaking desolation energy into his body to lessen the pressure and not into his soul… well, Jake didn’t know how to only pour a little into his Soulspace. He was only confident in effectively breaking down the wall and letting it all in, which, again, wouldn’t lead to anything productive or good.

However, Jake was convinced he still needed to break down that wall. He just had to do so very purposefully and with proper preparation. The problem was that right now, the stomach created by Palate only relied on the Records of Palate itself, which limited it far too much. If Jake wanted it to be able to withstand something like half a Planetary Core, he needed it to fully rely on Jake’s overpowered soul. At least, that’s what he believed.

As mentioned, he couldn’t just let everything flood into the Soulspace, though. He would need for it to be far more controlled, and as Jake considered what to do, he got an idea. However, he wasn’t sure how feasible it was nor how time-consuming it would be.

Without waiting around just theorizing, Jake planned to test out what he was thinking. While still within his Soulspace, he activated Scales of the Malefic Viper on his manifested form. The scales appeared, and Jake watched them closely as he tried to pry one off. Once he did, it turned into energy, disappearing instantly. Frowning, Jake tried something else. With his arcane energy, he formed a barrier and tried to make a scale appear on the barrier, but it didn’t work either.

Undeterred, Jake tried several more things until finally, he reached some level of success by doing something a bit brutal. Scraping off a sheet of his own flesh, Jake purposefully didn’t let it disappear as he made it float in the air. With focus, he then made scales grow on the flesh as Jake nodded, satisfied.

The narrative has been stolen; if detected on Amazon, report the infringement.

This… can work. But it will not be fast… and Scales isn’t good enough yet either, I think.

He had ideas, but none of them were fast. They all required time, and Jake didn’t know how much time he had. It was all dependent on his current healer, and rather than wonder on his own, Jake dedicated some of his attention to reaching out telepathically to Eron, communicating his intentions. The response he got was instant.

“Dispel all worry; I shall provide you all the time you desire. In fact, I implore you to not be too fast. An opportunity to encounter a C-grade version of desolation is a valuable experience, and it would sadden me to have this fortunate moment be too short,” Eron answered, sounding like he very much enjoyed healing Jake’s body, which was constantly in a state of being made desolate.

With a go-ahead from the local medical team, Jake didn’t hesitate any longer as he began to put his plan into motion. As to what his bat-shit plan was?

Well… he wanted to effectively create a “vessel” within his Soulspace for the Palate stomach to occupy. That was the oversimplification, anyway. The space within the stomach of Palate was integral and not anything he could afford to mess with. Anything swallowed wasn’t just slowly being consumed but also refined by Touch of the Malefic Viper at an accelerated pace, and that wasn’t something he could afford to lose.

So, Jake would need the stomach to exist within his Soulspace, yet still not be entirely within his Soulspace. His solution? An actual physical barrier within the metaphysical realm of his soul. A wall made of something with the innate properties of absorbing any energy it encountered and feeding it back to Palate. A wall made of scales from Scales of the Malefic Viper.

To clarify, Jake definitely didn’t actually know what he was doing or if this would at all work how he expected… but he sure as hell hoped it would. If he could connect his Palate more closely with the rest of his Soulspace, he could rely on the full power of his soul with Scales and create a feedback loop even when he ate things too powerful. Based on the power of his soul, Jake even theorized that should he succeed, having eaten the full Desolation Core wouldn’t have been impossible.

All things in good time, though. For now, Jake had to deal with the most pressing issues: his scales simply not being good enough for what he wanted to do in their current form. Right now, they had a lot of waste and Jake also wasn’t sure if his silly plan would work if Palate was at a higher level than Scales.

Plus, Jake had already commented before how he felt close to an upgrade with Scales. He didn’t really have the time back then to truly focus on improving the skill, though, but now he most certainly did. Finally, the circumstances for working on the upgrade were great, as Jake could really experiment with what he wanted to do.

Splitting his focus between his internal world and the external one, he covered his body with scales in the real world, allowing some of the desolation to seep all the way through and into the scales. Eron got massive credit as he noticed Jake purposefully led some of the desolation to his scales, and didn’t interfere but just healed everything Jake dragged the desolate energy through on the way.

Jake observed closely how the desolation didn’t affect the scales like it did everything else. His scales were the only thing Jake had seen that wasn’t outright made desolate when encountering the energy, and as he observed them… he understood why, and he couldn’t help but smile a bit at the explanation.

Had it all backward…

From the get-go, Jake had assumed the scales were just supremely resistant to the concept of desolation, however, he now realized that he had it wrong from the beginning. It wasn’t because the scales weren’t made desolate… it was that they already were desolate from the very beginning.

All the scales encountering desolation did was activate the inherent concept already existing within them and empowered it until the concept of desolation became too strong and overwhelmed everything else within the scale. From the outside, it looked and felt the same, but the difference was far from negligible.

Jake made full use of his high Perception as he dove into the inner workings of his scales as best he could to really understand them more. As he did so, he realized just how complex those small dark green things really were. They were like marvels of magical engineering, perfectly evolved and improved over time as the Viper grew in power. From the time he was a small snake to a wyvern and finally a dragon… but that understanding wasn’t entirely accurate either, as Jake realized something the more he looked at the scales.

He had already thought of Scales of the Malefic Viper as being the scales of a dragon. Why wouldn’t he? Dragon scales were known as one of the most powerful natural defenses any race had in the entire multiverse.

However, the more closely he looked at his scales now, the more he realized they weren’t truly the scales of a dragon, even if they looked and felt incredibly similar. They weren’t made to simply resist magic but to absorb and consume it, and their form was… off. They were too thin and weren’t hard and tough like dragon scales tended to be.

Jake once more could only sigh at his own lack of understanding. His Patron wasn’t the Malefic Dragon, now was he? He was the Malefic Viper. The forefather of all snakes. Why would his legacy skill include dragon scales and not something that evolved beyond that? They were snake scales and had always been.

Actively pushing, Jake began to try and manipulate his scales even as desolation kept pouring into them. He felt the process during which the desolation within them was activated when encountering the concept and remembered that sensation. He still had fuck-all understanding of desolation as a concept, but his scales clearly knew it very well.

Minutes turned to hours as time passed, and Jake kept exploring the sensation of his scales. How they absorbed the energy, the connection with Palate, their inner workings as best he could… and the more he explored them, the more he realized how much he had yet to uncover. He had put off truly trying to understand his scales for too long and could only marvel at their ingenuity and infinite complexity. It was like he had just climbed out of a pit and saw an entire world before him, yet to explore.

However, what he did find and was able to awaken was enough for the system to recognize his efforts and reward him with an upgrade that was perhaps long overdue. There was nothing flashy about the upgrade, which shouldn’t be surprising, as desolation tended not to be.

[Scales of the Malefic Viper (Legendary)] --> [Scales of the Malefic Viper (Legendary)] (Rarity Unchanged)

[Scales of the Malefic Viper (Legendary)] – The Malefic Viper’s scales are the first, and often the only required, line of defense. These scales harken back to the days the Malefic Viper lived as a dragon and retain many of these draconic properties… but the Malefic Viper is far more than just a dragon. Allows the Alchemist of the Malefic Viper to turn parts of his skin into scales, vastly increasing the effect of Toughness and adding a certain damage threshold. All damage below the threshold is nullified. You have further awakened inherent concepts within the scales, making them more durable and allowing you to turn a portion of all damage taken desolate while making your scales poisonous to the touch when they are infused with mana. The scales are legendarily resistant to magic and will store excess mana from any magical attacks that would have otherwise damaged you. If the damage taken by the scales is above the threshold of the scales, take it directly with a portion made desolate or dispersed into your immediate surroundings. Otherwise, this mana will be slowly refined and absorbed using your current level of Palate of the Malefic Viper (Legendary) if possible. Passively provides 9 Toughness per level in Heretic-Chosen Alchemist of the Malefic Viper (C-grade version). May your scales be as perennial as the Malefic One, those foolish enough to touch them waste away, and the very sight of your scales let all know that resistance is futile.

As always, these damn descriptions of the Viper’s Legacy skills only got longer and longer with every upgrade. But to highlight the changes… Jake had successfully managed to unlock some of the concepts within the scales, more accurately, some of their inherent desolation that was part of the malefic affinity. This resulted in even better defenses against both magical and physical attacks, though the actual effectiveness of this was yet to be determined.

One other thing was that his scales were now poisonous to the touch when infused with mana. In all honesty, Jake hadn’t even actively tried to awaken this part, it was just something he stumbled upon when exploring the scales.

Finally, the description now also directly specified it absorbed energy using Palate of the Malefic Viper. Oh yeah, there was also the fact he now got more Toughness from the skill, but that was the most expected outcome.

With the upgrade done, Jake quickly took status of himself. In the outside world, Eron still looked like he was having a swell time healing Jake, which made Jake decide to continue with his plan.

Using these empowered scales, Jake wanted to build a cocoon or a sphere or something within his Soulspace to contain the Palate stomach within. Something he promptly started doing as sheets of human skin began floating off his body with scales growing on them, as a massive sphere was slowly being formed. He had to make sure it was perfectly made, but even so, doubt remained.

Jake was far from certain this idea would work with his current version of Palate. There was a good reason not a single one of Jake’s skills was fully represented within his Soulspace, outside of maybe Eternal Shadow, but that was bound to his mythical weapon.

To allow the skill to manifest within his Soulspace would be to integrate it far more deeply with Jake than anything else, and Jake honestly had no idea how to do that. He could temporarily manifest a skill within his Soulspace, but this wouldn’t be that.

But… he still wanted to give it a try, though he had a feeling he would need something more than just time and hard work to get any kind of result. Which did make him wonder…

What would happen if Jake Juice was used within his own Soulspace, and what would its effects be when interacting with a skill where its Origin was his good friend Villy?




***
Chapter 969: Something Incredibly Questionable


***






Jake had never used his Jake Juice on a skill before. In fact, he wasn’t even entirely sure how to do it. So far, he had only really used it for two things. The first one was naturally amplifying Primeval Origins within existing items, making them incredibly valuable and unique treasures. He had even done it to some of his arcane mana for a very interesting result.

The thing is, using it on anything external was very different from using it on a specific part of himself, such as a skill. In fact, using it on himself was still something Jake had never truly done.

To say he had used the Origin Energy or Jake Juice on himself during fight fight with Valdemar wasn’t entirely accurate, either. It was more correct to say he had used it on his Bloodline, and while Jake and his Bloodline were intrinsically intertwined, there was still a big difference.

Origin Energy came from Jake’s Bloodline in the first place, so it was only to be expected it was capable of handling the energy. Moreover, Jake didn’t have to think about applying it to his Bloodline. It wasn’t a conscious action made with intent… it was pure instinct. Jake viewed it as fully awakening his survival instinct, choosing fight over anything else.

All of this is to say Jake had to figure out how to use his Origin Energy on a skill before he could get further, and even then, he had no idea what the result would be. He was also very skeptical if it would even work, but he hoped that with Palate of all skills, it would have some kind of positive effect.

Palate was all about absorbing stuff, after all. Jake reckoned it had built-in concepts and Records related to consuming and integrating energy, and hopefully, Origin Energy would be something it could gulp up for a big upgrade. If not, something else interesting was bound to happen, right?

As for what aspects Jake wanted to upgrade… he wasn’t sure either, and in all honesty, he wasn’t under the delusion he could actually control what would happen. When Jake used Origin Energy, he never controlled it. He simply let it be the impetus of change, allowing something to return to its Origin.

Using it on Palate should allow it to at least transform into something closer to its Origin, right? Jake asked himself, and the more he thought about it, the more he thought he was onto something. Maybe Villy could even somehow interfere and give a hand like he’d done when Jake consumed the drop of blood. He was the Origin of his own skill, after all.

With a bit more confidence, Jake sat down within his own Soulspace and observed the separate space where the Palate stomach was currently being made desolate by the Planetary Core. He considered if he could just try and pour Origin Energy into the stomach, but that felt wrong. It would also be odd if the way to apply this unique energy worked only on Palate. No, Jake would need some universal method, and as he thought about it, he quickly formed some kind of idea.

Eternal Shadow had a visual representation in the form of the shadowy version of himself Eternal Hunger had taken on after fully merging with Sim-Jake. Jake could also manifest his actual skills within his Soulspace, so Jake wondered… couldn’t he create some kind of symbol representing a skill in there?

The Soulspace was all metaphysical and metaphorical nonsense in the first place with what form objects and other things took in there. Usually, it was mostly empty, with Jake’s being a bit weird as he had eaten some stuff that he chose to house in his soul – something that seriously wasn’t recommended – but he still didn’t see why one couldn’t create some physical manifestation of a skill, same as Jake could manifest his own body in there.

These manifestations would just be representations of Records. A mental connection with the skills of sorts.

Jake thought about how he would go about this as he considered his skills for a moment. What was the simplest skill to really represent? Without even thinking much, one instantly sprung to mind, and willfully, Jake manifested it… yeah, he was honestly a bit surprised it worked.

Within the Soulspace, another person appeared. A large, muscular, and shirtless man, covered in blood and wounds, wielding an axe made from the fang of a dragon, stood there with a bit grin a moment later, seemingly a frame frozen in time. It was naturally an image of Valdemar from the vision of when he’d beaten the living hell out of Villy back in the day.

This was the first thing that sprung to mind. Perhaps it was because of Jake’s recent plot where he used the skill to fool others, but the Valdemar from Path of the Heretic-Chosen’s vision was also such a vivid memory burned into his mind. If he thought about Fangs of Man, no other representation could do it justice.

It also felt right. Like the image in front of Jake truly did contain Records of the skill. Smiling to himself, he had to admit that perhaps he had overthought this entire thing about manifesting skills, as it did seem to come down to one simple question:

What was the first thing he thought of when thinking about a particular skill?

To confirm he was right, he tried with a few other examples, as he purposefully stopped thinking as much and just thoughtlessly summoned the first thing that sprung to mind, starting out with the easy ones. When he thought about his Arcane Arrows skill, an arrow that was constantly shifting between two forms appeared, looking as simple as the skill was. Arcane Powershot, Jake saw an image of himself in his usual draw-stance. Many of his skills were incredibly simple like this.

A few other skills were a bit odder, though. When Jake thought about One Step, Thousand Miles, he just summoned his old boots, perhaps because he had begun to associate those with the act of stepping down now. Meanwhile, a skill like Core Manipulation of the Primal Hunter ended up just showing him an image of Jake giving Vesperia head pats… followed by Arcane Curse Manifestation showing him the cursed figure of Temlat after his transformation.

There were a few other odd ones, but some also just didn’t work at all. In fact, the majority didn’t seem to work properly, perhaps because Jake just didn’t have any set mental image associated with them. At least not one strong enough for it to manifest with the current method Jake was using… a method that was really just him trying to forcibly be impulsive. So, chances were that nothing would appear if there wasn’t one singular powerful image that sprung to mind when he thought about a skill.

Some skills had kind of the opposite problem. Big Game Hunter didn’t show anything, but it wasn’t because he didn’t have any vivid images in mind. He simply had too many thoughts associated with the skill. When he actively tried, he managed to summon several different representations, such as one of him fighting the Badger Den Mother all the way back in the Tutorial or even his fight against the B-grade within Minaga’s Labyrinth Challenge Dungeon. All were valid representations of that skill and seemed to work.

Jake wasn’t really sure if what he was currently practicing was at all useful outside of being a fun thought exercise to anyone but himself and what he hoped to accomplish next. The implications if things did work out were huge, though… because if he could infuse his skills with Origin Energy and upgrade them like this, it would be incredible.

He summoned many mental images during this little practice session and quickly dispelled them all as he focused on a single skill: Palate of the Malefic Viper.

For this one, he had a clear mental image already. One that he wasn’t the proudest of when he saw it.

What appeared was a small black snake about to eat a blue glowing mushroom. It was from the vision Jake had seen from the mural back during the Tutorial before he had even gotten the skill himself.

To Jake, Palate was significantly associated with beginnings. It was the very first Legacy skill Jake had chosen from his profession all the way back at level 5 in the skill. Without a doubt, it was the most instrumental skill to Jake’s Path as an alchemist, and so had it been for the Viper all the way back when he began his Path. It had been what truly got him started, and the mushroom wasn’t without symbolism either, as Jake had eaten way too many of those little fuckers.

That was why, despite not being very proud of what he summoned – and how potentially heretical some people would even find it – he wasn’t surprised at it. Jake just smiled as he knew it was time to gamble.

He had already wasted more than enough time doing all his practice, and despite Eron clearly being fine with things dragging out, Jake didn’t want to risk potentially taking some permanent damage from the desolation or wasting too much of the core’s energy by being a slowpoke.

Jake sat down with his legs crossed in front of the small snake that was no longer than his own forearm. He focused as a small magic circle appeared beneath the snake and mushroom and Jake teleported himself and the image so the image appeared within the cocoon of scales he’d made earlier. Jake took a deep breath as the small snake and mushroom were nestled within, and he knew it was time. Holding out a hand, he reached deep within himself… and pulled.

The sound of a heartbeat echoed throughout the entire Soulspace, making everything shudder. Jake pulled again as a second heartbeat sounded out, and in his hand, a small string of energy reached out and went toward the small snake and mushroom.

With a final push and a third heartbeat more powerful than those prior, the string connected with the snake…

And at that moment, Jake knew:

This was not going to go according to plan.

Sometimes it was good with a holiday. Alright, it wasn’t as if Vilastromoz was actually taking time off and doing nothing, but he did at least have a break from Jake and all his shenanigans. A forced one, mind you, as the god would still have preferred keeping an avatar dedicated to enjoying the livestream of his Chosen messing about.

Alas, for now, he was cut off due to the system event and decided to just take this mental break in strides. On this particular day, he was having a meeting with one of the many people who had come not to seek out the Order of the Malefic Viper but the Primordial himself.

An elven man in a pristine light blue robe with shoulder-length hair sat with a casual smile as he seemed to enjoy the tea-like concoction he had been offered, admiring the liquid. “Quite an interesting combination. How long did the withering of the Timeless Winterback Lotus Leaves take? And what method did you use to avoid melting them?”

“It seems counterintuitive, but the best way to wither the leaves without melting them is using extreme heat, activating the innate survival instincts of the lotus, making it use up all its own energy to try and survive, thus withering away. You do need to get the environment and temperature just right, though, and I will admit it took quite a bit of trial and error,” Vilastromoz answered honestly. “Now, how goes the work on that odd crystalline cluster I heard you were working on?”

“Progress is slow and steady, but I do believe a demonstration will be possible should you choose to visit,” the elf answered.

“I might just have to stop by at some point,” Vilastromoz smiled before getting down to business. “We both know you didn’t just come here for pleasantries, though. What do you need?”

“As curt as ever, I guess some things never change no matter how many eras may pass,” the elf shook his head. “I am in need of a certain acid. I have all the ingredients, but the alchemists I have visited so far have looked full of despair before saying they could not do what I asked, while others outright called my commission impossible. Which is odd, considering you made me the same – albeit a less powerful – variant all the way back then.”

“What can I say? If you want the best, you come to the best. Show me what you need,” Vilastromoz said, holding out a hand as a crystal appeared in it. He quickly scanned the information in the crystal and nodded. “Yeah, I can see how this one can mess others up. It does look impossible at first look. Took me a while to make it possible back then.”

“I take it the expanded list of ingredients doesn’t pose an obstacle?”

“If you don’t count my increased commission cost as an obstacle, then no,” the snake god said in a teasing tone, knowing the elf wouldn’t care.

“Oh, It’ll be no problem. I’ll even help make the cores you want myself,” the elven man reassured the Viper. Something that was an actual reassurance.

Few – if any - in the multiverse could compare to the Autarch of the Altmar Empire when it came to magic engineering. It was often a discussion if he or Rigoria stood at the apex of magic engineering, which honestly was a useless endeavour as they both specialized in very different areas, even if they looked similar to an outsider.

With business concluded, they had some more time for recreational discussion as the two of them talked about some more unimportant issues until the Autarch brought up something that, while not interesting to Vilastromoz himself, did pertain to his Chosen… and a certain other Chosen.

“I was also informed through the grapevine by one of the noble family heads that your disciple has taken on a disciple of his own and even made her his Chosen?” the Autarch asked. “I wouldn’t have expected Duskleaf to do that, considering his disdain at people even suggesting it in the past. What’s more, I heard his disciple is a C-grade elf with an old connection to the Altmar Empire?”

“Not sure about the part where they have a connection to the Altmar Empire,” the Viper shook his head. “But yes, everything else is correct. Including the part where it’s weird that Duskleaf decided to take a Chosen.”

“Ah, I’m sorry, we simply looked into the clan of this… Meira, was it? From what we discovered, the clan she comes from was originally founded by an exiled member from a lesser noble house, so while the connection is minor, one does exist,” the Autarch insisted, Vilastromoz knowing what he was getting at.

“Without you even asking me, I’m sure the little elf will visit the Altmar Empire at some point,” the snake god said. “It isn’t really up to me, though. Mainly because I don’t care to get involved in any of that. If you want to convince anyone to accelerate the timeline of her visit, it’s either Duskleaf or my Chosen you should be talking to.”

“Oh yes, I nearly forgot. This elf was originally a slave of your Chosen, wasn’t she?” the Autarch said, no sense of animosity in his voice despite his hatred of people ever enslaving elves. Probably because, in the eyes of many, including his, becoming the slave of a Chosen didn’t even count but was viewed more as a fortuitous encounter.

“Yep, she was. And before you ask, dear Jake never wanted a slave of any kind. I just forced one on him as I thought it would be interesting and fun to put him in an awkward situation while also confronting him with a bit of how the multiverse worked, seeing as he’d just come here from his far too peaceful planet. He unsurprisingly didn’t like it and ended up freeing and uplifting her to where she is now. Not sure her becoming Duskleaf’s Chosen was ever in his plans, but I’m pretty sure he’s on board with it,” Vilastromoz said, remembering the good old times.

“I see… now, this may be a bit presumptuous to ask, but did their relationship evolve enough for her to potentially-“

“Nope, and if you hoped to recruit her to the Altmar Empire and potentially get a little bundle of Bloodline joy out of it, I wouldn’t count on that happening,” the Viper said, cutting off the elf and shaking his head. “In fact, I wouldn’t expect to-“

Just then, the Viper felt something. A faint echo, a memory awakening, and a connection formed that shouldn’t exist.

“What is it?” the Autarch asked, surprised. He looked like he had also faintly detected something amiss, an expert in reading the flow of Records and fate, but the elf wasn’t sure what he’d felt either.

Not that the snake god was either, as Vilastromoz frowned deeply as he did at least have a good idea of what had happened. “My Chosen just did something… something incredibly questionable.”




***
Chapter 970: Bound To Happen


***






Calling what Jake had done a gamble was definitely an accurate description. He was messing with a concept no one really understood, not even someone like the Malefic Viper, making everything unpredictable. The only real question was how good his odds were that he would end up with something beneficial. Using Origin Energy tended to result in a good outcome for him… but this time, he quickly concluded something was off.

The string of Origin Energy entered the small snake and mushroom, representing the Palate of the Malefic Viper skill, and at first, Jake thought things were going well. The skill accepted the energy and responded to it.

He felt the two merge, and then… then everything no longer went as Jake had hoped.

A loud heartbeat made his entire Soulspace shake, and in return, a green pillar rose from the small snake and mushroom. It pierced toward the sky as Jake’s arcane energy was scattered, and Jake stumbled back, feeling the pressure both inside his Soulspace and on his body outside.

Focusing, Jake lifted his hands to try and control the energy output, not panicking quite yet, but it kept growing. He spotted the shadowy version of himself representing Eternal Hunger back away before falling to the ground not far away, utterly suppressed, and from the floating drop of the Viper’s blood, Jake felt almost a sense of glee as it began to react without Jake doing anything.

Refusing to give up, Jake poured in even more energy as he refused to see himself suppressed within his own Soulspace. Within his own damn world. Jake’s heartbeat sent a wave of power through the entire Soulspace in response to Jake’s conviction, his Bloodline refusing to surrender, and with this wave of absolute power and control, the green pillar seemed to stop growing and consuming his Soulspace…

And with it came the notification.

Due to your Bloodline, the skill [Palate of the Malefic Viper (Legendary] is evolving.

Jake smiled as he felt the pressure remain, but he believed that things would work out as another notification appeared... and right as it did, Jake’s eyes went wide as a sensation unlike anything he’d ever felt before washed over him, and from the depths of his Bloodline… uncertainty and powerlessness.

Skill Upgrad- ERROR: REQUIREMENTS NOT MET

Some skills related to the [ERROR] may be lost or changed

Warning! INSUFFICIENT [REDACTED]

The system messages flooded Jake’s vision and mind as they kept coming, warning and error upon warning and error. For the first time, Jake wasn’t sure what to do. The green pillar began expanding again, unstable as its power kept growing along with its Records. From the system messages, Jake was only sure of one thing: this was extremely fucking bad.

A sense of hollowness began to sneak into his body as his arcane energy in the sky flickered, and a headache struck his body. He tried one final time to rein in the pillar representing the Palate of the Malefic Viper skill, and as he did so, he finally understood what was happening. The Records of Palate were expanding endlessly… forcibly being upgraded. But in the process, everything else was being consumed, leaving nothing left. Not even the C-grade vessel not powerful enough to contain what the skill would eventually become.

With this realization, he also knew what he had to do. In this moment of desperation, clarity struck him, as his Bloodline fully backed him, and he was ready to mobilize every bit of Origin Energy he had… but not to get Palate under control.

There was no other choice.

He had to destroy the Records related to Palate of the Malefic Viper and the skill, no matter the consequences. It was that, or certain death… and not just for Jake.

The Fallen King was flying toward the Prima Vessel alongside Vesperia and Sylphie, the hawk speeding them up as a gust of wind carried them forward. The travel distance was annoying, but the Unique Lifeform saw no true cause for complaint. This entire part of the system event didn’t strike him as particularly interesting in the first place in the first place. All they had to do was kill weak Prima Guardians that any of them could handle on their own. The only reason the Fallen King even stuck with Vesperia and Sylphie was because he believed it a waste to try and travel around pretending to be a hero on his own.

What fool would accept a Unique Lifeform traveling to their planet? Even more so than that, what cause did the Fallen King have to save a bunch of enlightened races? He cared not who won between the Guardian or the native enlightened. They were not his subjects, thus not his problem. Meanwhile, there was some value in having a True Royal feel a closer sense of kinship and gratitude toward him.

He had to make plans for the day he was no longer bound to the hunter, after all. Preserving the valuable connections he had formed through the Chosen only seemed like a logical approach until he finally managed to fully reclaim and restore his soul.

Just then, as he was flying, he felt something odd. For a fraction of a second, he believed it was the sensation of when Jake teleported the Fallen King to his side… but this wasn’t it. This wasn’t the Unique Lifeform being pulled toward Jake, but something coming toward the King.

Before he could even stop his flight, it hit him. Like a sledgehammer striking his soul, the Fallen King was forced to dedicate everything to defense. He faintly felt Vesperia and Sylphie stop as they noticed the Fallen King rapidly falling toward the ground as he stopped maintaining flight, golden cracks forming all over his mask.

All the Fallen King could do as he struggled with the invasion of his soul was to curse Jake for whatever he was doing, but even that, he did not have the mental power left over to do so.

Eron watched the hunter closely as he kept healing him, battling the desolation trying to consume his body. Seeing the effects of desolation firsthand was an incredibly valuable experience and he did admittedly sometimes allow it to infect an area a bit longer than he had to before healing it, just to see what would happen. A minor crime he was confident his fellow Bloodline Patriarch wouldn’t care about.

It wasn’t like Eron could risk Jake dying. He needed him for his own goals to come to fruition. Taking any kind of permanent or even semi-permanent damage also wasn’t an option, as Eron couldn’t have Jake slow down too much or fail to continue evolving. As C-grades, Eron and Jake were both too weak to accomplish Eron’s goals, so he needed the hunter to keep up with him at the very least.

Time passed, and Eron kept healing as a seemingly inexhaustible source of desolation kept releasing energy from inside Jake’s soul and into his body. He didn’t mind when he felt Jake move his energy or summon scales or anything like that. None of it disturbed him.

At least nothing had since suddenly, Eron felt something. It was as if a third presence appeared within the Prima Vessel, and as Eron stared at the flames that represented his soul… an ethereal second spark emerged before rapidly igniting, as Eron’s vision was filled with green flames that seemed to consume everything, Eron included.

His eyes rotted away as Eron was forced to explode his own body to escape. He appeared again, stumbling back as he sought to restore his own damaged soul… but he refused to heal his eyes, as even without them, he felt it. The unmistakable presence of a god had appeared within the Vessel… and the soul of the hunter, which was the source, was crumbling under the pressure.

If it fell entirely… Eron did not even want to think what would be unleashed, but he doubted it was something the Prima Vessel would be able to contain for even a moment.

If you discover this tale on Amazon, be aware that it has been stolen. Please report the violation.

Gritting his teeth, Eron still reached out as he didn’t stop healing Jake, as it wasn’t only his soul that was being destroyed. He would have to keep preserving Jake’s body, hoping the hunter could deal with… whatever was happening. It was clear this wasn’t something intended or good, which only left Eron wondering:

What have you done?

Jake prepared to mobilize every bit of Origin Energy available as he acted decisively to empower his own Bloodline, giving him a chance to fight back. He knew this wasn’t a situation he would walk away from whole, and the losses would be extraordinary and permanent… but nothing was less permanent than death.

His body within his Soulspace filled with energy as he reached out to-

”It was bound to happen at some point, wasn’t it?”

The voice echoed throughout the Soulspace as Jake’s body froze. Not only in surprise but due to the pressure that fell over him, making him utterly unable to act or move. Even the Origin Energy and his Bloodline fell utterly silent in front of the presence. The only thing that acted with glee was the drop of blood from the Malefic Viper that began to glow even brighter.

Jake looked up as the giant pillar that was consuming his Soulspace began to shrink until it formed a small snake that rapidly changed its form into the recognizable humanoid Jake had shared many beers with.

”Playing with Records and transcendent-level powers such as Bloodlines can bring out both fantastical and calamitous results,” the Viper said as he slowly floated down and landed on the ground, with everything else within the entire Soulspace besides the Malefic Viper and his drop of blood seemingly frozen in time. ”This, Jake, is an example of the latter.”

The Viper slowly walked toward Jake as he observed everything around him. ”The idea was novel. To take a skill and infuse it with your Primeval Origins energy to try and get an upgrade. Perhaps you tried to just give it a little push in the right direction, eh? Well, here we are. This is the result.”

He stopped in front of Jake and sighed. ”I’m not saying it couldn’t work. In fact, I would argue quite the opposite. It worked a bit too well. You are now well on your way to turn yourself into nothing but Palate of the Malefic Viper. Of course, there is no way a C-grade would be able to handle that, and seeing as you were effectively operating outside the system, I doubt it would have come to your rescue, either.”

Leaning in, the Viper flashed a smile as he raised a hand and flicked Jake’s forehead, unfreezing him and making him tumble backward. ”You fucked up badly. Commendable attempt to minimize the damage, though. Empowering your Bloodline fully to try and destroy the Records of the skill could work, leaving you with either no skill at all or a fractured mess at best. Oh, and some pretty damn severe soul damage I wouldn’t expect fixed before your next evolution.”

Jake, able to act again, propped himself up as he looked at the Malefic Viper standing within his Soulspace. ”How are you-”

”Oh, I’m not,” the Viper grinned, no longer bothering to infuse his voice with power. ”You are currently speaking to Palate of the Malefic Viper in all its glory. At least the form I chose to adopt once I became aware of what you were up to. I will say, it was quite lucky you did this experiment of yours on one of my skills. If you had done it on any other, you would be dead or had to carve the Records of the skill from your being.”

Jake kept staring as the Viper kept explaining. ”Palate is made from my Records. I am its Origin. Your little trick empowered it enough from a qualitative standpoint for me to appear as a representation of my Records within your Soulspace. Of course, under usual circumstances, I would not be aware I had appeared here with my true body, especially not with a system event going on. Oh, and I would be way less lucid and far more insistent on carrying out the task of devouring all your Records. But, well, you’re not the only one with a capable Bloodline.”

”Fuck me…” Jake just muttered as he allowed everything that had happened to sink in. ”I did really fuck up catastrophically this time around, didn’t I?”

”For sure,” the Viper nodded as he turned serious and looked Jake in the eyes. ”Jake, I’m not going to question your potential or talent. I don’t think anyone can. But to put it bluntly, you’re still pathetically weak. Your Bloodline may allow you to sometimes overcome the impossible, but that is only when it can have a fair fight of quality. In quantity, you are like a squirt gun trying to outfight an ocean-sized bucket in a competition of who can make the most people wet. Sure, your little squirt gun is damn good at it and far more accurate and efficient, but what the fuck can it do in my stupidly contrived and abstract example? The answer is fuck-all.”

Jake just kept quiet as the Viper continued.

”What’s more, you chose to take on this fight without any system-backed method to refill your little squirt gun with water. So, what else did you expect to fill it up with? The Records required to fuel this entire shitshow would have to come from somewhere. Of course, pulling them directly from me in this instance wasn’t an option, as that isn’t how any of this works, so the system had to find the building blocks elsewhere. All on your unwilling dime.”

”Yeah… I realize I overestimated myself and my Bloodline significantly and had no idea what I was doing at all,” Jake confessed.

The pressure of the situation from the half-a-Planetary-Core filled with desolation - that was definitely still a problem, by the way - had made Jake not really think things through more than he should. At least that was one excuse… but in truth, Jake had just been stupidly overconfident and thought himself infallible.

”As I said, your Bloodline is strong, and the only reason Palate could even hope to evolve to the level where it would erase your existence is due to how overwhelming your Records already are. However, you need to understand that you are still growing. With your Bloodline, perhaps you could have won this bout and gotten rid of Palate of the Malefic Viper to save yourself, which is a testament to its power, but remember, all you would rid yourself of was a single one my skills trying to grow into the true Palate of the Malefic Viper. A process that was more than capable of consuming all that you are, your Bloodline, the only survivor, to be recycled by the system,” the Malefic Viper said in a harsh tone.

”You’re saying that…?” Jake muttered.

”Yes. Palate of the Me, as a singular Legacy skill, has more Records than your entire existence, and it’s not even a close competition in the slightest. My mere existence here, capable of fully suppressing you within your own Soulspace, should be proof enough of that.”

”Then… how in the hell could I have gotten rid of it?” Jake questioned.

”The same way you created the problem. This is just my theory, but I believe you empower and awaken aspects of your Bloodline whenever you apply your special energy to it, which would allow it to grow tremendously in Records to a level I cannot even begin to guess at. Just for a little while, but likely long enough to overwhelm and deal with Palate, saving your life,” the Malefic Viper made his guess. One that did sound very probable and as good as any theory Jake had.

The two of them for silent for a few moments. Moments Jake wasn’t sure they had with everything else going on, the desolation still a pressing issue. Plus, how long could the Viper stay manifested like this? All this definitely left him with one essential pressing issue.

”This might be too late to ask… but how do I fix it?” Jake asked after a bit. ”What happens now?”

”Always the practical sort,” Villy smiled. ”The short answer is that you already know how to fix it. Pour some of that special Jake Juice into your Bloodline and get rid of me. Of course, that’s the solution where you fix things yourself and don’t ask your wonderful Patron to offer you his assistance.”

”Not sure my own solution could even be considered a fix, as it includes breaking one of my best skills and fucking over my Path as an alchemist,” Jake muttered.

”True that,” Villy nodded before sighing. ”I want you to know this doesn’t come cheap to me either. The system tends not to like interference like this, but it’s better than the alternative. Also, to clarify, everything I said today is just my own theories and gross oversimplifications of everything that happened, and there might be some minor hiccups. This shit is complicated and way above what you should be messing with, and it’s even annoying for me to deal with.”

”Thank you, my wonderful Patron,” Jake said in a semi-joking tone, despite still feeling like shit with everything that was happening.

”You better thank me,” the Viper said, his body flickering for a moment. ”I can’t maintain this form for long, so let me give you a quick explanation of what happens next. I’m going to fix what I can, but there will be some damage no matter what. You have lost a lot of Records already, all of which I will have to forcibly reclaim as you cannot handle them. When it comes to dealing with Palate of the Malefic Viper, I can see you have eaten quite an interesting object – something I’m not going to question anything about because I don’t want the backlash I’ll suffer after this shit to increase – but I will help you address it a little bit.”

The form of the Viper began glowing as he seemed to be pulling in energy. ”You fucked up Palate. I can’t unfuck it. But I can stabilize and freeze it for now, but be fully aware this will have consequences. The internal stomach will be completely sealed and you can’t take anything in or out of it. Moreover, upgrading Palate won’t be an option either due to its fragmented Records. I’ll look for a solution to this, but in the meantime, just be happy these are the only consequences… besides the severe soul damage you have already suffered, that is.”

Jake could only nod, as this was way fucking better than Jake just ripping the skill from his soul entirely.

The Viper smiled and shook his head. ”Let’s hope this becomes a teaching moment… but not a too important one. Your reckless experimentation and willingness to do the moronic is also one of your greatest strengths. Just maybe think it through a tad more next time. Now, let me get to work. Oh, and Jake?”

”Yeah?”

”This is gonna hurt. Like… a lot.”




***
Chapter 971: The Cost of Saving A Friend


***






The Viper said there would be pain… and that had definitely been an understatement.

Jake was usually very good at dealing with pain. Most C-grades would find themselves unaffected by pain when wounded and just soldier through. To Jake, pain was just another point of feedback informing him what his next action should be, not much different from all his other senses.

However, what Jake felt when the Viper got to work was different. It was unlike any kind of pain Jake had ever felt before, counting both bodily harm and soul damage. This type of pain wasn’t just informing him of damage taken but of something far more… existential.

Like what was causing his pain could truly erase him entirely in both body and soul.

The Viper had barely gotten started as his body erupted with power, putting pressure on Jake’s very being.

“Small note: don’t try to fight back; it will only make my job harder and the end result worse and far more painful. Be advised some things might break during this process,” the Viper spoke, seemingly not even purposefully infusing his voice with energy.

Jake did as he said, despite every fiber of his being screaming at him to escape the situation. But there was no escape, as he could only grit his teeth. What he felt besides the pain, Jake couldn’t comprehend at all either.

Villy lifted a hand, and all Jake saw was a dark green color that made no sense to him. Instinctively, he knew this was made of pure Records, and as the Viper looked at it, he sighed. “You really did a number on yourself.”

Parts of the Malefic Viper’s form began turning into wisps of light that merged with the summoned mass of Records, as something was clearly happening. Jake felt everything so vividly mixing with the pain that muddled his mind, yet he couldn’t help but try and understand, and he knew the Viper was making it this visual for his sake.

Time slowly passed, as the Viper’s body kept disappearing, his entire lower half soon done, leaving only his upper body above his stomach, with one side also entirely faded, leaving mostly a head, a shoulder, and a single arm.

“Fuck me, this is even worse than it looks,” the Viper muttered. “And get those thoughts out of your head, I‘m also learning here. This is uncharted territory, but unlike you, I have the actual ability, skill, and knowledge to back up my actions.”

Jake wasn’t saying anything as the Viper lifted his one remaining arm toward the sky of Jake’s Soulshape.

“You better be grateful, for no other god would go this far for their Chosen,” the Malefic Viper said, looking up. His mouth opened, and Jake only had time to hear a single word. “Malefic-“

WARNING!

[REDACTED]

WARNING!

[REDACTED]

[REDACTED]

…

Jake blinked, the pain gone. In front of his eyes, an ocean of warnings and redacted messages, and a feeling that only let him know that some time had just passed. Time he had no memory of. Staring, he saw the form of the Malefic Viper standing there, nearly fully tangible, as he turned to Jake.

“There. Patched you up best anyone in the damn multiverse could. Even went a bit above and beyond and was nice enough to preserve that broken half of a Planetary Core you had in there. Despite sealing the stomach, you should still benefit from that thing, at least, though really fucking slowly. The good news is, you have a potentially infinite amount of time to fully absorb it because you sure as hell can’t take anything in and out with how it is now. As for the rest of the effects of Palate, they should stay the same. Oh, and for the soul damage, that’s up to you to deal with; I think I’ve done enough,” the Viper said, his form already beginning to fade away.

Without being told, Jake knew he had done more than he first promised.

“Thank you,” Jake muttered. “But… what happened there? What did you do?”

“I told you already, I went above and beyond. Tried to use what you had given me to get the job done, but it wasn’t enough, so I needed a little extra. System didn’t like that, but oh well, what’s done is done,” the snake god smiled.

Jake kept feeling the area within his own Soulspace as he just clenched his fists and nodded. “Again… thank you. I would have been royally fucked without your clutch save.”

“Ya sure would have. So better pay me back in spades and turn this piece of charity work into a brilliant investment,” Villy said jokingly, shaking his head. “I should stop dilly-dallying. Good luck with the system event, and have fun recovering. Oh, and remember to thank the healer who kept you alive during all this. Without him, you would have been fucked even with my assistance.”

With those words, the form of the Malefic Viper faded away, leaving Jake alone back in his Soulspace. Above, the sky was still cracked in many places, and the ground had several fissures. The drop of blood left by the Viper remained unaffected by everything that had happened, and despite Jake’s fears, Eternal Hunger was also fine and was already waking up after the Viper’s departure.

However, right now, Jake couldn’t really think about anything but the lingering feeling left behind by the Malefic Viper within his Soulspace. It felt different from anything he had ever felt before from the Viper. More… powerful? Unfathomable? Jake wasn’t sure how to classify it, but it certainly felt “more.”

That… wasn’t that really unsettled Jake, though. It wasn’t why Jake hadn’t even tried asking more questions but just thanked the Viper. It was something else in the lingering presence. A unique kind of signature Jake recognized from the Sword Saint, and not a single shadow of doubt remained in Jake’s mind:

The Viper had used a Transcendent skill.

It explained why Jake couldn’t remember what had happened. It explained the warnings from the system. He only now realized that to fix Jake’s mistake using powers considered “outside” the system, the Viper needed to do the same.

Gritting his teeth, Jake slammed his fist on the ground of the Soulspace despite the pain it shot through his body.

Fuck.

Jake knew… one didn’t just use a Transcendent skill. It came with a cost. It potentially had a permanent cost, and even if it wasn't, it still dealt a lot of harm. For the Viper to use it to save Jake, he would have had to lose something in return, and all because Jake had been a moron who had to be stupidly arrogant one too many times.

One thing was more certain now than ever before… Jake owed Villy even more now than ever before, and the next round of beers was definitely on him.

It seemed to happen in an instant. Eron had continued to battle with the desolation despite the utterly suppressing aura that pressed him down and actively dealt damage to his soul throughout it all. The task had been far from easy, but Eron couldn’t take any risks.

Even the biggest fool would realize something had gone catastrophically wrong. The spark that represented the hunter’s soul flickered, weakened, and began to look far more unstable as it was replaced and consumed by the green inferno. Then, the green flames had stopped actively devouring Jake’s soul, but the damage was already done.

Eron genuinely wasn’t sure Jake would make it until suddenly, the desolation stopped coming. Not long after, the presence also disappeared, and all Eron had to do was heal Jake’s body of any residual damage.

However, things weren’t fine. Despite the green flames dispersing and stability returning to the spark, it was still damaged. Severely so. From the look on Jake’s face when he finally opened his eyes, it was clear he also realized this.

Jake couldn’t wallow for too long. He had to keep moving despite feeling pain all over and having a killer headache. Before he even fully opened his eyes and turned his attention to the outside world, he gathered himself a little. He would have to reflect a lot on what had happened, and there were a few things he had to address.

One of which was perhaps the least important… but despite how utterly shitty everything had gone, Jake had still ultimately upgraded his Scales of the Malefic Viper, which had come with a few levels. To see them, he did have to scroll by a bit over a thousand warning messages, though, some of which had been caused by Jake, but the majority due to whatever the Viper had done.

’DING!’ Profession: [Heretic-Chosen Alchemist of the Malefic Viper] has reached level 279 - Stat points allocated, +35 Free Points

’DING!’ Profession: [Heretic-Chosen Alchemist of the Malefic Viper] has reached level 280 - Stat points allocated, +35 Free Points

’DING!’ Race: [Human (C)] has reached level 288 - Stat points allocated, +45 Free Points

Usually, Jake would have celebrated that he had unlocked another use of Path of the Heretic-Chosen and was ever closer to level 300, where he would have his suspected meeting with the First Sage… but he wasn’t exactly in the mood for any kind of celebration.

After taking stock of his body and his thoroughly damaged soul, Jake finally opened his eyes and saw Eron standing there, looking down at him. The man looked haggard in his own right, his clothes mostly destroyed despite being powerful equipment.

“Thanks for the help,” Jake said as he gave Eron a nod, genuinely grateful. As Villy had said, without him there, Jake wasn’t sure how any of this would have turned out.

“It’s my pleasure, genuinely, and I believe this a mutually beneficial situation. Experiencing desolation in C-grade was very valuable, and I made some good progress. One skill upgrade and three levels, in part due to said skill upgrade, which I myself view as quite the gains,” the healer said with a satisfied smile.

“Glad at least one of us came out of this better than we went in,” Jake said with a small smile, trying to press down the pain. “I will admit, I wasn’t even sure you would show. I kind of assumed desolation wouldn’t mesh well with your Path and be one of the most dangerous concepts to you.”

“Oh, that assessment is entirely accurate,” Eron nodded. “Desolation would be unbelievably dangerous to encounter, but not in this passive form. In this form, all you need to beat it is a superior quantity of energy. However, if it’s controlled it’s a whole other beast, incomparable to the passive influence of desolation. Seeing and experiencing the concept like this is still a valuable experience I wouldn’t do without, though. It allows me to consider countermeasures should I reencounter it, even if that encounter is in its controlled form.”

Jake nodded in understanding as he knew what Eron meant. One could compare it to fighting against all the water in the ocean. If it was just there, one could easily work on evaporating and get rid of it over time, with the only real threat the water held being its innate concept to crush you should you go too deep. However, if you faced a water mage able to control just a lake of water to actively try and kill you, it would be far more dangerous than even the entire passive ocean.

“Rather than worry about me, you should assess yourself more closely,” Eron said in a slightly scolding tone. “Your soul is damaged severely. From my diagnosis, it does not look like your stats are outright affected. However, the resource pools tend to be the first to suffer and weaken… and so are yours.”

“I know,” Jake sighed. He had already seen it before. The sad state of that part of his status menu, reflecting the damage he had suffering.

Status

Health Points (HP): 141,365/153,099 (206,470)

Mana Points (MP): 3981/198,367 (442,484)

Stamina: 9203/185,041 (222,170)

Ignoring the fact his resource pools were nearly empty, the maximum pools had been reduced. Stamina and health both only by around 20% or so – with stamina a bit less affected. However, his mana was fucked. His maximum mana pool had been more than cut in half from the soul damage.

While this did look really fucking bad, it was honestly the best outcome from such a bad situation. As Eron put it:

“The damage does seem limited to there. I do not know how familiar you are with this kind of soul damage, but I would compare it to experiencing frostbite. Like the human body, the soul will always seek to protect its life, and the outer extremities will be the first to go, which, in the instance of the soul, are the resource pools. Contrary to the physical body, where often an amputation would be required, the resource pools are also the part of the soul most easily recovered should the soul damage be significant enough to cause any semi-permanent damage,” Eron gladly explained, Jake not interrupting despite already knowing these things from his own prior research.

He did recognize that Eron probably had a good idea of his situation, which also made him ask:

“Will it heal on its own?”

Despite the resource pools being the easiest part to recover didn’t mean recovery was a given. There were many instances where it ended up requiring certain natural treasures or other sources of external support.

Eron took a moment as he looked deeply at Jake, staring at something clearly only he could see before answering. “Yes. The fashion in which your soul was damaged is frighteningly controlled. As if your soul was a sculpture smashed into a million pieces, then put together perfectly once more. Of course, putting the sculpture together does not make it whole. Only time will be the glue that fully fuses everything back together.”

Jake smiled lightly at Eron’s answer and explanation. Villy had really been as nice as possible with what he had to do to save Jake, which only made Jake feel even more guilty over what kind of consequences the god was facing over having gone so far.

Vilastromoz sighed as his projection disappeared from within Jake’s Soulspace. Still with him back in the Order, the Autarch from the Altmar Empire had a serious look on his face as he looked at the Viper.

“I’m not going to ask you what happened, but it must have been more than just a Chosen doing something questionable if you had to use that.”

The Viper gave a tired smile. “Thank you for your understanding... and I hope it’s fine if we end our meeting here.”

“Naturally,” the Autarch nodded as he got up. “If you need any items or any other form of assistance…”

“I will be fine,” Vilastromoz waved him off. “Thank you for the concern, though.”

“Of course,” the elf said as he disappeared, teleporting away. Always the polite sort that one.

Vilastromoz sighed as he also disappeared with his summoned body and entered his divine realm.

The reason why the Autarch had left was simple… he knew the Viper had just used a Transcendent skill and what that meant.

Every Transcendence had a cost when used. If Eversmile used Karmic Annihilation on someone, it would also affect himself, making Eversmile unaware of nothing more than the fact he had used the skill. Not who he had used it on or why, just that it had been used.

Jake’s Transcendent human friend would lose levels and had to painstakingly regain those if he used his full Transcendence. Others the Viper knew about required one to offer incredibly powerful items in exchange. Some forcefully would downgrade skills or even make you lose skills entirely. Permanent or temporary loss of stats was also a very common cost.

The point was no one would ever use their Transcendent skills lightly due to the associated cost that went far above just spending some mana or stamina. It was a significant moment when it was used, especially by a Primordial, where any kind of even semi-permanent loss was massive. Even those that weren’t as bad as the fully permanent ones would often take innumerable years to make up for and would set you back significantly… especially because there would always be a cost in Records when using one, no matter what.

This was all common knowledge, and the Viper knew that Jake also knew this. Perhaps knowing he had forced the Viper to use his Transcendent skill should help really hammer home the stupidity of his actions and help him in the future.

To clarify, Vilastromoz did have to use it and hadn’t just done it to show off or teach Jake a lesson. He really didn’t have any other choice unless he wanted to leave Jake in a really shitty state.

The Transcendent skill the Malefic Viper had used naturally also had a cost. A truly horrific one… at least, that’s what most would believe.

“Man, I do feel bad about lying to an old pal like that, but oh well, gotta keep up appearances,” the Viper smiled, chuckling within his divine realm. It wasn’t like he was going to spill the beans now, as that would likely lead to some annoying people hassling him.

Because the Viper had a little secret. One he had never shared with a single soul in the entire multiverse. Not his wife, not Jake, not any Primordial, and he never intended to share it either. Some secrets were simply meant to be kept under wraps for eternity.

It was true that his Transcendent skill had a very steep and grueling cost that was often seen as one of the very worst consequences possible. Whenever he used the skill, he would lose memories, and memories tended to be the most heavily associated with Records, making it a significant permanent loss that couldn’t simply be made up for.

Except… the Viper couldn’t lose memories. He had the Bloodline of the Immortal Mind. He was unable to forget.

Yet his Transcendence made him pay in memories… which he couldn’t.

The end result?

A completely consequence-free Transcendent skill. All by design, as the Viper had made his Transcendent skill first and done all he could to assure this would be the cost, all with the aim of later obtaining the Bloodline of the First Sage.

There was a reason the Viper was known as a good schemer, and quite a few had even called him a scam artist throughout the ages… a badge he gladly wore with honor. For, truly, what greater honor was there for a scammer but to scam the very universe and system itself?




***
Chapter 972: Doctor's Orders


***






Jake stumbled back to his lodge in Haven alongside Eron, who decided to go with him as they kept talking. The healer was also doing what he could to speed up Jake’s recovery time, though he could only do so much.

While Jake’s resource pools turning to shit was definitely his biggest immediate problem, that didn’t mean it was the only one he was actively dealing with. Jake felt like he had just overused his boosting skill way above any extremes prior, as he had severely strained himself. Eron informed Jake that having his body repeatedly emptied of energy and then healed again hadn’t exactly been healthy either.

On the way back, Jake had explained some basic things to Eron about what had happened. Mainly because the guy had already figured out most things himself, including even guessing Jake had failed to upgrade a skill using the same kind of unique energy he used to help create Vesperia. Sometimes, Jake forgot the healer could be wicked smart.

There were still a lot of things he naturally didn’t know, and he hadn’t detected the use of Villy’s Transcendence either, something Jake, of course, didn’t share. He did seem to have an almost morbid curiosity examining Jake’s body, though. Which, according to him, was because seeing this kind of soul damage was a rare encounter, especially when it was the soul of someone as powerful for their level as Jake. Eron also told Jake that despite his soul clearly being weakened, it still burned brighter than the vast majority of people his level, so that was a kind of nice compliment.

“So, doc… what’s the prescription?” Jake asked in a joking tone once he was home and resting in a chair on his porch.

“Rest, meditation, and to stay active, at least mentally, to stimulate recovery,” Eron answered in his usual serious tone. “I estimate this extreme weakness you are experiencing should last at most two weeks more, while fully healing your soul will take a lot longer. Naturally, avoid facing anything with soul attacks as you are very susceptible to those, and before fully recovering, I would be careful about overusing your boosting skill and any kind of time dilation has to be avoided no matter what, as it can hamper your natural recovery. If you wish for a more pleasant recovery, using soul-soothing natural treasures or alchemical creations might be an option, but they will not assist in your recovery, and I would advise you against trying to speed it up using any kind of external support. The most complete recovery is the one your body will naturally have.”

Jake nodded and, after a bit of hesitation, asked: “Any insight on the damaged skill in question?”

Eron chuckled in response. “It’s good to see you can remain humorous despite your circumstances.”

… so that was definitely a no.

“Gotta stay positive,” Jake just laughed along before sighing. “I sure did mess up badly this time around.”

“Yes, you did,” Eron agreed. “You’re almost as bad as the morons who rode motorcycles before the arrival of the system. Did you know those death machines were dozens of times more prone to accidents than cars, not to mention the death rate should you get into an accident? Like you, those idiots also tended to significantly overestimate their own abilities, all the way up till they landed on my table.”

“Not sure how good of a comparison that is, and I get the faint feeling you weren’t a fan of motorbikes,” Jake smiled.

“I despise death, and I abhor people who put their lives in danger for no good reason,” Eron scoffed. “At least you have the excuse that should you succeed, you would achieve significant gains in your Path. All a damn biker would earn was slightly better fuel economy, assuming they were driving alone.”

“You know, my dad wanted a bike at one point, but my mom forbid it,” Jake commented.

“A wise woman,” Eron nodded in approval.

“Yeah, she thought the insurance was way too expensive,” Jake smirked, earning a disapproving look from Eron.

“I don’t think you understand the damage not addressing such a dangerous method of transportation caused to-“

For the next twenty minutes, Jake repaid Eron for his help by allowing him to rant about motorcycles, just nodding along during it all. He definitely had a lot of thoughts on the subject, and Jake couldn’t remember a time the guy had talked so much while remaining so normal.

Luckily, Eron was able to stop himself after a while, at which point he seemed to realize he had other things to do.

“Look at the time; I’ll take my leave now,” Eron said, having vented his hatred of motorcycles and their continued legality all the way up the integration. “I wish you luck in your recovery and remember to stay somewhat active even if it hurts. If you need my assistance, simply let me know and I shall see what I can do.”

“Thanks for the offer and all the help so far,” Jake said in a grateful tone. “And I promise to never ride a motorbike for the rest of my life.”

Eron didn’t comment on Jake’s teasing but just waved him off as the healer left the valley and Jake alone. With him gone, Jake sighed and slumped back on the chair while grimacing. “Should have asked for some pain meds…”

Alas, Jake was pretty sure something like that didn’t exist… besides maybe taking something soul-soothing, as Eron had mentioned. That was perhaps worth considering, but for now, he annoyingly did have a few things he needed to do.

He needed to talk to Miranda about everything that went down and get others up to speed with what he learned about this “I” figure. There was also his connection to the Fallen King that felt odd. Jake was confident that the Unique Lifeform had been affected by what Jake did; he just wasn’t sure how. So, talking to him once the King was back was definitely something Jake had to do.

As a final thing, before he reached out to people… when it came to his Palate of the Malefic Viper and the internal stomach, it was just as the Viper had said. Jake couldn’t even look inside it, and it felt like the space was utterly sealed off. The only trace it was even there was the incredibly slight feeling of something being absorbed. The half-a-Planetary Core was still being consumed, albeit so slowly Jake could barely register it, but at least it was something and proof that the skill continued to function for the most part.

The biggest problem was definitely what the Viper had mentioned about upgrading it. In its current state, Jake couldn’t be able to get any upgrades no matter how much insight he got about the skill. It was locked at legendary rarity, which wasn’t the worst, but he would need it fixed at some point, and he doubted even an evolution to B-grade would help anything. Shit, maybe an evolution would even downgrade it.

The author's content has been appropriated; report any instances of this story on Amazon.

Perhaps the only thing Jake could hope for was that Villy would find a solution while Jake finished up this damn system event. That… or the meeting he would have when he reached level 300 in his profession, could end up helping in an unforeseen way.

Only time would tell. For now, he had to talk to Miranda.

Getting up from his lawn chair, Jake went into the lodge and used the magic landline phone to contact the local witch. Just infusing the item with mana to make the call felt painful, but he soldiered through long enough. She quickly picked up, worried.

“I heard reports you returned to your lodge with Eron… what happened?”

“I think it’s better you come over in person… using this thing is giving me a headache,” Jake said, really not liking the sensation of using his mana to speak right now. It was like the magical variety of having a really sore throat and being forced to talk loudly.

“Alright, I’ll be over shortly once I finish up here,” she said, Jake shutting off the connection after that as he saw no reason to continue straining himself by keeping it active.

Jake went to relax as he waited for her to arrive, lying down and resting. He felt like shit, and he couldn’t help but admonish himself for the shitty timing of doing this during a system event with a limited duration. Especially not one that also included interacting with other factions, including Ell’Hakan.

It was also just after Arnold and company made the teleporter somewhat functional, allowing them to assist the planets outside the alliance. This should be a prime time to go around killing Prima Guardians and gathering potential allies – or at least assuring other factions wouldn’t side with Ell’Hakan.

But, as Jake was now, that wasn’t a possibility. Even if he recovered somewhat, it was incredibly risky to travel around. Before, Jake didn’t care about being caught in some silly trap, as he was confident in escaping or fighting anyone who tried to mess with him… but now?

Well… alright, Jake still had confidence in escaping, just not the consequences of doing so. He ultimately still had his Jake Juice and could use it on himself to put up a good fight, and he did believe doing so would remove all that currently ailed him… at least for a while. But after, shit was bound to be even worse than they were now. Exactly how bad things would be, Jake didn’t plan on finding out.

In summary, Jake would effectively be useless for a good while. Perhaps he could help out once he’d recovered a bit, but even so, he wasn’t sure if he should. If Ell’Hakan noticed Jake had severe soul damage, he would definitely try and take advantage. No, it was better to hide away and just act uninterested. No one should really know what had happened outside of Eron, the Fallen King, and Miranda.

Even if someone did learn he suffered from soul damage, Jake doubted Ell’Hakan would believe it without any proof. It could just as easily be a ploy to bait in the other Chosen, after all. So, staying back and not providing any definite proof Jake was feeling under the weather felt like the right way to go.

Time passed, and around half an hour later, Miranda arrived at the lodge. Jake saw her coming through his sphere, which he had also felt forced to reduce in size to lessen the mental strain. Pulses were entirely out of the question for now.

Miranda walked into the lodge and saw Jake lying on an old sofa. She looked him over and frowned. “You look like shit.”

“Glad the outside matches my insides, I guess,” Jake said with a wry smile.

“What happened? What exactly did you encounter on that planet?” Miranda asked, worried.

“Well… it isn’t as much what I encountered on the planet but what I tried to do there…” Jake said as he gave a brief explanation of what had gone down, of course leaving out some of the details he probably shouldn’t share. He did share just enough for her to get the gist of everything as she sighed.

“This was bound to happen at some point, you know that, right?” she said in a slightly scolding tone.

“Someone else pretty smart told me the same thing,” Jake could only agree.

“So how do you wanna deal with this situation?” Miranda asked in a serious tone. “People will notice your absence. Especially Ell’Hakan’s goons, who seem to have been tracking you and where you went. We can, of course, do nothing, but that may only lead to speculation… and it isn’t like the actual truth will do us any good.”

“I’m more worried about how this will impact the system event,” Jake shook his head. “We were competing pretty well with Ell’Hakan and the expansion of his alliance…”

“That will be difficult now, yes, but it’s more important to get you back in good condition. Did Eron have any suggestions for a quicker recovery? Does Haven have any resources capable of helping? Maybe you can ask Sandy if they have some treasure stored?”

“Eron suggested bedrest,” Jake answered, not hiding that he wasn’t happy about it. “At least for the first couple of weeks. After that, I can do some things, but I’m still limited.”

“I see,” Miranda said in a solemn tone. “You are definitely to stay on Earth. I will have a meeting with everyone else relevant and figure out how we’ll deal with this. Once Sylphie, Vesperia, and the Fallen King return, perhaps we should also have one of them stay with you for safety.”

Jake wanted to protest as he found the notion of having a protector insulting… but did he really have the right to complain when all this shit was his fault?

In the end, he just stayed quiet, resigning himself to let Miranda do what she thought was best.

The two of them spoke for a bit longer before she left Jake to rest. He also told her to please not let anyone else visit that day, as honestly, Jake really just wanted to have a good nap. Whenever he was young, he could sleep off most minor sicknesses, and while this certainly was a lot more major… sleep would at least make all the pain go away for a while.

It took barely any time before Jake entered dreamland, naturally having moved to sleep in his good old bed from all the way back in the Tutorial Challenge Dungeon.

“Are you certain you are alright now?” the True Royal asked the Unique Lifeform as the Fallen King was still sitting on a tree stump within the forest he had crashed into when he suddenly stopped flying.

“It has passed, yes,” the King answered as he felt his own body. Golden cracks had appeared on the mask but were healing rather quickly. Far quicker than if the Fallen King had been the one to cause the damage to his own soul. It wasn’t hard for him to realize what had happened, either.

Jake’s soul had been in an incident that caused it to take tremendous damage on a fundamental level, reaching deep enough to even hurt the Fallen King due to their connection. The Unique Lifeform couldn’t forget: If Jake died, the Fallen King would also die… and this instance had been very close.

Far too close for comfort.

“What caused this?” Vesperia kept questioning, Sylphie also looking worried.

For a moment, the Fallen King considered if sharing the truth would be wise, and ultimately decided hiding it would do him no good. It was far more likely they would discover the truth later and connect the dots, thus affecting their perception of the Fallen King negatively.

“Your Sire was involved in something,” the King said, making sure to communicate only to her and the bird. “I do not know more than that he has suffered some form of severe soul damage. The semi-permanent kind, at the very least.”

Instantly, the mood changed. Vesperia got a severe look on her face as she turned to the hapless World Leader they had been escorting to the Prima Vessel. “We need to get back as quickly as possible.”

“I shall fly as fast as I ca-“

“Not fast enough,” Vesperia said in a cold tone.

“Ree?” Sylphie let out a small screech, looking at the Fallen King with big eyes.

“I do not know, little one. We will not learn the exact situation before we return,” the Fallen King answered. “I will need a moment, so-“

“I understand,” Vesperia nodded, turning to Sylphie. “Speed above all else.”

“Ree!” Sylphie agreed, and before the World Leader could even respond, he was launched into the air and sent flying far faster than his travel speed.

“Will you…?”

“Yes, I shall return on my own,” the Fallen King gave her the go-ahead as the True Royal didn’t wait to follow after Sylphie, leaving the Fallen King behind.

After about a minute, the Fallen King lifted his hand and ran his claw along the fractures in the mask. This connection with the hunter had yet to truly pose an issue so far, but … this incident was a reminder…

I cannot be content. This is untenable and utterly unacceptable. No more hesitation or needless delays. I shall reclaim my own dominion fully… and be fallen no longer.




***
Chapter 973: A Tough Job To Do


***






Jake seriously sucked at doing his current job. He kept trying to avoid it, only to get hit by the realization that he didn’t really have much of a choice in the matter. As for what his job was that Jake was so god damn horrible at?

To do nothing.

He was not good at doing nothing.

After sleeping for nearly a full day after returning to his lodge, Jake had woken up with his resources mostly restored and his headache not as bad as before. He was still super weak, but he at least felt like he could do some minor tasks. Maybe he could even do a bit of light alchemy experimentation?

Nope.

Jake had tried and was struck by a headache that made it impossible to focus whenever he tried to do anything straining. Next up, he tried his Puzzle Box of the Seeker, and while it wasn’t as straining due to not really using much mana, it still took full concentration and a calm mind to properly work with, and getting intermittent headaches while trying to beat levels wasn’t very productive. Quite the opposite, as failing a level due to a sudden bout of pain after spending a long time progressing only led to frustration, which led to more headaches, which led to more frustration.

Not that he could find anything actually productive to do. His body was weak, so he couldn’t do much with that, and using resources hurt and broke concentration, making any task that took intense concentration borderline impossible.

In the end, he did settle on doing what little he could: read books. Not as fast as he usually could, and he had to stay away from the too-complicated stuff, but at least it made him feel like he wasn’t completely wasting his time and being useless.

After a bit of reading and relaxing, Jake began to feel better. He also got an idea on the second day as he went down to his laboratory beneath the lodge and into the reservoir. There, he found a potential help to his current ailment: the Dewstone of Serenity and the Serene Water.

If anything could help him, it had to be this, right? The Dewstone had even been made to heal someone in the first place, as per the description:

…A small stone created by the combined effort of a group of water nymphs to help heal a close friend…

This was even further echoed by the water the Dewstone helped create:

…This water calms the mind of anyone who consumes it, allowing them to more easily focus while suppressing the effects of most mental afflictions. Continued consumption will help heal minor soul injuries…

Jake definitely didn’t expect this to be some kind of cure, but he did hope it would at least help with the pain. Testing it out, he did discover that the water had a soothing effect, which, even if it wasn’t actually helping him heal faster, would at least make the process more comfortable. In other words, it was pain meds water.

That’s how Jake ended up chilling in a makeshift hot tub of Serene Water he had poured while occasionally drinking a bit from a second container. Being down in the laboratory for a good portion of the day also helped sell one of the many lies Miranda had spread that Jake was busy doing alchemy and was working on some big project.

Days passed with Jake doing nothing productive outside of slowly recovering and reading low-level books. While he despised not being able to do more, it was at least comforting he could see the healing progressing. Quite literally so, as it was shown on his status.

Status

Mana Points (MP): 139,556/199,441 (442,484)

His limited mana poll had gone from a maximum of 198,367 to 199,441, which wasn’t a lot, but it was something. As the worst period of weakness began to wear off, the recovery should also accelerate somewhat. At least, that’s what Eron told him when he talked with Jake over the phone. The healer wanted to go in person, but Miranda believed that would be a bad idea as it would give credence to any rumors that Jake was seriously injured.

In fact, Miranda wanted to limit Jake’s contact with anyone. This was to tell the story that he was too busy, and Jake’s existing reputation as a loner who didn’t like to be disturbed helped him out here. All this was only temporary until Sylphie, Vesperia, and the Fallen King returned to Earth, as there was little doubt the three of them would visit, and the plan was still to have at least one of them remain around Jake for protection during his recovery.

It ended up taking a few more days of Jake suffering through doing fuck-all before he finally got word that Sylphie and Vesperia had returned. To keep up appearances, they would first stop by Miranda before going over to Jake’s place. Sylphie offered to just sneak them over to Jake’s place, but considering Sylphie’s interpretation of the word stealth, it was determined this method was better.

Jake was sitting by the pond looking at the eels swimming around when he felt the two of them enter the valley. He barely had time to turn to look at them as a green ball of feathers flew over and nearly crashed into him.

“Ree!” Sylphie screeched, stopping right in front of Jake, still kicking up a lot of dust and disturbing the surface of the pond, scaring the poor eels to dive deeper.

“Good to see you, too,” Jake smiled as he reached out and gave her some scratches, the bird quickly getting comfortable sitting in his lap.

“What is the current state of your body and soul?” Vesperia asked, getting straight to the point while walking over with hurried steps, clearly trying to keep her usual calm and collected persona up. Spoiler: she wasn’t doing a very good job at that.

“Body is mostly fine; it’s the soul that’s the problem,” Jake shook his head and sighed.

“Ree?”

“The worst period of weakness should be over within the week I hope, while the rest will take a lot longer,” Jake explained. “But, hey, in a week, I shouldn’t be useless anymore, just less useful than before my… unfortunate accident.”

“Is there truly nothing to be done?” Vesperia asked. “The Endless Empire has many methods to help recover more quickly, even from severe soul damage.”

“I don’t doubt the resources or knowledge of the Endless Empire, but the-“

Jake quickly stopped himself as he was about to say that the Malefic Viper had told him he should just wait, but sharing that he had spoken to the Viper at all was kind of precarious, so Jake quickly saved it.

“-healer called Eron told me that natural recovery is the best, and I would lean toward trusting his judgement.”

“I am aware the man has a Bloodline and it quite competent in his own right, but he is still only C-grade,” Vesperia insisted.

“Look, if you have something in mind, I’m not going to outright reject it, but seeing as we’re cut off from the rest of the multiverse during this system event, we don’t have anyone besides C-grades available to do anything,” Jake said, shaking his head. “And of all the C-grade healers I’ve ever met, I would trust Eron’s assessment the most. Doubt he became the Chosen of the Lifesoul Daolord for nothing.”

Vesperia looked uncertain for a few moments before just nodding. “Alright… but if you aren’t fully healed by the time the system event en-“

“I bloody well expect to be,” Jake interrupted her as the notion sent a shiver down his spine, so much so that he didn’t even want her to fully vocalize it. Alright, he didn’t expect to fix Palate, but his soul should at least be good by that time if he fully relaxed, leaving him with only the damaged skill to address.

“But if you’re not, allow me to send a message back and ask for ideas,” Vesperia still insisted, Jake eventually just agreeing to keep the peace.

“Ree?” Sylphie, who had really snuggled herself into Jake’s lap, asked.

“Right, there was also that,” Jake sighed. “Miranda is pretty damn insistent someone should stay around and waste their time here with me doing fuck-all just because I fucked up. Something I don’t feel good about requesting at all…”

Maybe he could argue with Miranda that it really wasn’t needed, so he could avoi-

“It would be best for me to remain by your side,” Vesperia said instantly, even raising a hand. “There are no more planets that need my immediate attention, and as a True Royal, it was never expected of me to be someone taking the frontlines in the first place. My only true connection to this planet is also only Sire, so it would logically make sense that I choose to remain close to you and your home, plus, I promised the other True Royals before leaving I would stick mostly with you. Finally, I do need to focus on my internal Hive and fully rebuilding my Queens’s Guards, so I did, in truth, plan on staying on Earth in the first place.”

“Ree,” Sylphie looked at Vesperia, who had just gotten done spewing off all the reasons to stay she could get off the top of her head.

“I don’t believe that is necessary,” Vesperia argued against Sylphie’s argument.

“Ree.”

“Hm…”

“Ree.”

“An acceptable compromise,” Vesperia agreed with a nod, turning to Jake. “The two of us will stay here until the weakness lingering in your body lessens. Once there is only the long-term damage left to deal with, I will remain on my lonesome. At that time, should an emergency arise, you should be fully capable of defending yourself, correct?”

“Right,” Jake nodded, not a massive fan of not even being included in the discussion, but oh well.

“Then that’s settled,” Vesperia said in a satisfied tone.

“Say… wasn’t the Fallen King with you two?” Jake changed the topic once bodyguard duties were established.

“He chose to stay behind temporarily and will return to Earth at his own pace,” Vesperia said. “From the looks of it, whatever happened to you spilled over and affected him significantly, too, and it appeared like he had some soul damage of his own to heal, though it was far less than you are dealing with.”

“I… see,” Jake sighed, feeling really shitty that his bad decision-making dealt collateral damage to the Unique Lifeform. He had always fully supported the King’s intentions of entirely splitting off from Jake, but before, he hadn’t really seen it as anything with urgency. Now, he hoped the Fallen King would figure out a method sooner rather than later so this wouldn’t even happen again… because Jake was definitely going to mess up again sometime in the future.

Despite how much he fucked up this situation, Jake wouldn’t stop doing risky shit. Risks and rewards would always be intertwined due to how Records and the system worked, and as Villy had said, Jake shouldn’t stop experimenting and taking risks just because of one setback. He should just have at least one extra step of asking himself: “Is this a really moronic thing to do?” before moving forward.

“Worrying over the Unique Lifeform isn’t necessary,” Vesperia tried to comfort Jake. “He shall easily make his way back when he so desires, and even if he was temporarily weakened, there was nothing on that planet even capable of posing a danger.”

“I wasn’t worried about that,” Jake waved her off. He knew the King was strong and even had his trump card if things got too hairy.

The three of them spoke a bit more as the hawk and True Royal got comfortable.

With Sylphie and Vesperia now also there at the lodge, Jake felt like chilling in his hot tub or just reading books all the time would be rude, especially as he hadn’t spent that much time with them recently and had never actually spent that much time around Vesperia, period.

Sylphie also wasn’t the best at doing nothing, and Jake feared that her finding ways to entertain herself would lead to something Miranda would complain about, so he needed some other ways to keep them entertained, at least until Sylphie left. Vesperia could easily keep herself busy working on Hive Queen stuff and her internal world. This left him with something hugely impactful to consider, with potentially the safety of Haven itself at risk:

… what good card games are there for three people? Oh, and it needs to be bird-friendly…

It was only natural for a beta test to have some problems in the initial stages. However, this time, the test had actually gone above and beyond expectations, enough so to be labeled a full-on success. Yet the beta tester was still left with severe issues that the inventors of the teleporter would take no legal or moral responsibility for as it was solely due to his own actions.

Considering that and how the teleporter had clearly worked the first time around, Arnold was soon ready for his second test subject. After much deliberation of who would be best to send, they landed on someone who would have potentially been even better than Jake to send in the first place. At least if one was talking about going to the red planets and helping them defeat their Prima Guardians.

A man who had a political mind, allowing him to expertly handle the native population and naturally also the power to handle the Prima on his lonesome. Moreover, it was someone with an even more effective and reliable method of returning to Earth should anything go wrong. With the right prep work, that is.

“A good view to capture in this moment in time,” the Sword Saint said as he finished painting the landscape in front of him.

“To seal a snapshot of the concept of time within a painting, allowing you to bypass the usual restrictions placed upon travel through space… it’s an interesting application,” Arnold commented from behind.

“It’s not perfect,” Miyamoto shook his head. “Space still contorts time, which is why I selected a planet not too far away. I am far from confident in traveling across an entire galaxy, at least not without significant assistance.”

“More than the circle?” Arnold inquired further.

“A lot more than a magic circle,” he shook his head, having already prepared the circle as he started painting.

All of this was done to allow the Sword Saint to use his painting to return back to Earth in case of an emergency. Rather than call it teleportation, the Sword Saint instead captured himself and the world around him in a specific moment in time, and through the painting, he could return there. Of course, Miyamoto couldn’t actually turn back time, only his physical location. This was by far his best skill as a painter – a profession he did not use actively as much as he certainly should.

Not to say he didn’t constantly use it while practicing, as it even helped his swordsmanship. The Path he walked was as much about simply swinging a sword as it was about visualizing the world, the concepts he controlled, and the future he envisioned for himself. Painting his thoughts and ideas allowed him to turn them not only tangible but entrench them in his mind, as to paint something, he had to truly be able to imagine it.

“Ultimately, the probability of you needing the painting in the first place isn’t high,” Arnold also pointed out. “The Prima Vessel should still exist on the planet even if they prove hostile, and I’m certain you could use that to return, even if it takes threatening the native population with annihilation should they refuse to assist you.”

“I hope to avoid needless violence,” Miyamoto shook his head.

“Most people do, but their refusal to assist you could easily be classified as a need,” the scientist said, the Sword Saint only able to nod in agreement.

“Certainly so. Now, let us proceed. I do wonder just how well this teleporter of yours will work,” Miyamoto said as they headed toward the teleportation circle, and after going over a few things, he took his place in the center of the circle.

It quickly came to life as Arnold looked down at his tablet. “Ah, minor note. The last tester said the process may feel a bit… rough.”

“It shouldn’t be any problem,” the Sword Saint dismissed the notion… only to regret it a few minutes later as he was reminded of why he had never been a big fan of rollercoasters before the system arrived.




***
Chapter 974: Not A Good Start


***






Being alone and useless had been quite a miserable experience, but the return of Sylphie and Vesperia had at least added something interesting to Jake’s everyday life. They naturally didn’t have much to do around the lodge either, and they had to keep things quiet and not make a mess, forcing them to stay inside most of the time. Something poor Sylphie had a hard time with as she couldn’t even fly around and have fun.

Vesperia was a lot calmer and seemed like the sort who could easily sit in meditation for a few centuries without complaint. Sylphie was really the exact opposite of Vesperia despite them being kind of siblings, something that was weird to think about when he remembered that Sylphie was the older of the two… a fact he made sure everyone knew about.

Jake had to wrack his mind a lot – which wasn’t a pleasant experience – to find a way to keep Sylphie entertained, which did kind of help keep himself occupied mentally. He had a few things in the lodge for entertainment, such as playing cards and a few board games that he wasn’t even sure when had gotten there.

Playing cards with three people was always hard, and poker with that few sucked, so he couldn’t really find anything fun there. As he went through the different board games, he found some of the good old ones there, such as chess, checkers, and a few different dice games, but also some more complicated ones that he seriously didn’t want to try and teach Sylphie in the week or so she would spend there.

Sylphie did turn out to be pretty good at some of the simpler games, and honestly, there was something precious about playing with a giant wasp amazoness and a small hawk moving her pieces with a talon while screeching in victory as she beat Jake and Vesperia by being better at rolling the special die Arnold had created that assured complete randomness with every roll.

Did Vesperia and Jake let Sylphie win? Of course not, fuck that. They were all way too competitive to let someone else win on purpose.

Anyway, Sylphie was good at dice games and she enjoyed it a lot, especially because Vesperia wasn’t a fan. Jake and the hawk also enjoyed teasing the eels, who were very scared of the green bird. Jake did have to remind Sylphie not to peck any of them, and eventually, he had to drag her off when a brave eel tried to bite the talon she was poking the surface of the water with.

Vesperia, on the other hand, turned out to be a big fan of chess. Chess was also one of the few games where Jake didn’t really have any advantages at all due to his Bloodline. His intuition didn’t seem to do much, and as there was no danger, but it was all just play, most of his senses didn’t seem to care much about what was happening.

Jake himself had never been a massive chess fan or super good at it, but he did at least know the rules and had played a bit in the past. Vesperia knew about the game, though her versions were a bit different and ones she offered to show Jake later.

Yes, versions. Plural. Perhaps it shouldn’t come as a surprise that a game like chess was also known in the wider universe, nor that there were numerous iterations, pretty much all of them far more complex than the Earth version.

The two of them ended up mostly playing basic chess, though. Jake was still in his heavy recovery phase at this time, and playing mega-chess was bound to induce a headache. Plus, ultimately, all of this was just an excuse for the three of them to relax and bond. At least that was one of the excuses Jake used for why he was constantly losing. They were just playing for fun, right?

Either way, despite playing games and messing about, most of their time was spent talking or chilling. Vesperia shared much knowledge about the Endless Empire and some of the other innate knowledge she had. She had a lot of exciting stories and legends from her faction, which both Sylphie and Jake enjoyed listening to.

Sylphie also shared some of her own adventures, though she truthfully hadn’t experienced much Jake or Vesperia weren’t aware of. She did have some unique stories from Nevermore, but other than that, it was mostly about times she spent way too long chasing down small critters only to let them go once caught because Sylphie was too strong and cool to hurt them.

Overall, Jake had six good days with the two of them, which included a lot of bonding. He still made sure to also consume some Serene Water during this time to help him keep a cool head and for its effect from continued consumption to stay active. He still wasn’t sure how much it helped, but at least it made him feel better.

By the seventh day, Jake was feeling a lot better. He had gradually improved ever since he returned to Earth and was healed by Eron, but on that day, it was like a switch flipped, and Jake felt power return to his body.

”You are looking a lot better,” Vesperia pointed out when she saw Jake walk out onto the porch after he’d woken up from his daily nap – because sleeping was truly the best way to recover.

”I’m also feeling a lot better,” Jake smiled as he cracked his head. ”Not back to full for sure, and my resources are still fucked, but I feel like I could take on Prima Guardian or two at least.”

”Recovery is still your priority, and you should stay here on Earth until you are fully healed,” Vesperia said in a tone that was a mix of scolding and concern.

”I know, I know,” Jake said with a sigh. ”And I will stay. It just feels good to not be entirely useless anymore. Now I can actually defend myself if necessary without doing something that could easily lead to even worse long-term injuries.”

”Ree?” Sylphie, who had already taken her spot on top of his head the moment he had been on the porch for three seconds, asked.

”If you want to,” Jake answered. ”I can take care of myself now if you want to go have fun elsewhere.”

”Ree…” Sylphie screeched, sounding a bit guilty.

”It’s fine. Go be the little feathered hero I know you can be,” Jake said with a big smile as he reached up and lifted her off his head for a good hug and head pat.

Unauthorized use: this story is on Amazon without permission from the author. Report any sightings.

Sylphie snuggled for a bit before raising her head with determination. ”Ree!”

”You go get ’em,” Jake shook his head and laughed as he let Sylphie take off with a triumphant screech as she prepared to conquer – eh, save – even more unfortunate planets of the galaxy.

He watched her fly away as Vesperia went over to the porch and sat down on the steps in front of him while also seeing her off. She sat there for a bit as she threw glances at Jake, who knew what she was getting at as he placed a hand on top of her head and russled her hair.

”Were you shy or something?” Jake asked jokingly, seeing as Vesperia hadn’t done this for all the time Sylphie had been there, but the second she was gone…

”She needed it more,” Vesperia said in a low tone, with a big smile on her face as she leaned into his hand. ”I will stay here for a lot longer, after all.”

”True,” Jake nodded as he stared toward the sky. Lots of things were happening, and Jake hated not being able to take part. It wasn’t that he hated not actually taking part. He hated the fact he didn’t really have a choice in the matter.

During this week, the Fallen King had also returned to Earth again but hadn’t bothered to come by. He had just sent a quick message he would go recover on his own and then make use of Arnold’s teleporter to go visit some red planets.

According to the King, he doubted many planets would accept if he signed up to go and assist them, but if he went with Arnold’s teleporter, they would have any choice but to accept his help or face making an even more dangerous creature than the Prima Guardian their enemy.

Sylphie’s plan was to join some people from Earth to help those from the alliance still needing assistance. Kindroth still had an entire list, and with Jake out of commission and the Sword Saint busy taking over Jake’s beta-testing duties, they were severely understaffed. For Sylphie to offer assistance by going along with a group of pretty weak people to effectively kill the Guardian solo while just acting like an animal companion was not something Jake could see people reject.

He also knew that with time, others would also return to Earth, and more factions would begin to make their move. Valhal and the Court of Shadows would both offer assistance to whoever was willing to pay them. Maria had apparently already managed to get herself hired, and several more of the powerful fighters on Earth would begin to travel the galaxy more. Even if they weren’t strong enough to kill Prima Guardians themselves, groups such as the elite parties from the Noboru Clan could offer great assistance anyway. If not against the Guardians, then the regular Primas till they all felt ready to take down the final boss.

There was also what could only be called a domino effect as more and more planets finished dealing with the event. Powerful groups, including World Leaders, would travel elsewhere to help out, with those helped then able to also offer assistance.

This was especially the case with planets part of Ell’Hakan’s alliance. They were all far more stable civilizations from the get-go, while many of those Jake and the others helped had been less than organized, and the World Leader and other powerful figures had to stay back and stabilize things to avoid civil wars or deal with the fallout from the event.

On Earth, they were also dealing with their own cultural battle due to the continued establishment and development of the Risen. Casper was the guy in charge after he’d helped the one other Risen planet in the galaxy deal with their Guardian. To make this new land for the Risen, he had to put down a shitload of formations, and Jake also heard that Miranda had helped them get a Pylon of Civilization for their own little island.

Jake truthfully didn’t have many thoughts on the protests, though he did find it a bit hypocritical that some of the non-human freed slaves were complaining about the Risen being allowed to live on Earth, having somehow forgotten that just a few years ago, they were the source of protests.

Needless to say, Miranda kept Jake and the others updated throughout his recovery about everything that was going on with Earth and the galaxy as a whole. It didn’t sound like anything overly surprising was happening anywhere, and the only unsettling news was the continued spread of ”I’s” influence as even more planets were destroyed.

Not that Jake could do anything about it in his current state.

Jake recovering from the most immediate weakness, allowed him to do some more things. Alchemy was still a bit troublesome as he still felt a stinging pain whenever he strained his mana usage too much. However, he could now do one more thing… one very important way to spend his time had been unlocked, especially now that Sylphie was gone and Vesperia could dedicate herself more to her own tasks. Truly, he was blessed…

Because it was playtime with his little puzzle box!

With Vesperia busy and Jake chilling in his bathtub later the same day Sylphie left, he took out the cube and admired it.

[Puzzle Box of the Seeker (Divine)] – A puzzle box created by the god known as the Seeker. This box is filled with a total of 10000 levels of mana puzzles of ever-increasing difficulty. Fully unlocking the box will reveal an item sealed within. Soulbinds to anyone who beats the first level. Levels completed: (289/10000).

Jake had completed a few levels in Nevermore, but not that many, as he didn’t have as much time as he would have liked to play with it. Every level also only got harder and harder. With ten thousand levels total, Jake had so much to look forward to. From the beginning, he had known that the cube wasn’t something he would solve any time soon, but he still wanted to keep doing levels, primarily to avoid having an early Nevermore situation.

That’s to say, a situation where Jake was just breezing through challenges to get to the hard parts. Luckily, that wasn’t an issue quite yet, and with the Serene Water soothing his soul, Jake immersed his consciousness inside the cube as he appeared within to see his task for level 290.

Smiling, Jake saw he had to ensure a defensive wall was capable of holding against an assault from a projected army. This wall had the shape of a hexagon and protected a city within, with Jake’s requirement for clearing this level that no damage was done to the city at all. This meant the wall being damaged was fine…

Looking over the wall, he saw it was in utter disrepair and was filled with flaws, and the formation embedded in it to protect the city from attacks coming from below and above was utterly busted. Everything looking so shitty only made him happier as he had a good challenge on his hands, and it felt damn good to finally feel at least a little productive again.

Time to get to work!

Wariness was only to be expected when an unknown figure descended from the skies, seemingly out of nowhere. At least Miyamoto believed so as he arrived on the planet he had been teleported close to by the scientist’s torture device with a side effect allowing cross-galaxy teleportation.

The first thing he confirmed after he stopped dry-heaving from the experience of the atrocious device was to make sure his painting worked and would allow him to return at any point. With that confirmed, he spent a bit getting through the atmosphere of the planet, which was far from an easy or pleasant experience, but he had come prepared and managed to get through.

Descending down toward the planet, he wasn’t sure if he had gotten lucky or unlucky with where he appeared or if this was perhaps just how the teleporter worked, but he was already near the Prima Vessel and could see it in the distance as he broke through a few layers of clouds.

What he also saw was an army of beastfolk marching in formation toward the Prima Vessel. An army that quickly spotted him, and before he could even introduce himself… they overreacted to their own wariness.

A commander yelled; the formation changed, and Miyamoto sighed as the sky lit up with magic, arrows, and a bunch of other projectiles flying his way, as his interactions with the first red planet he’d come to assist didn’t come off to a good start.




***
Chapter 975: An Old Man's Measured Approach


***






Floating in the air, the Sword Saint raised a hand as he swept it in front of him, forming a swirling plane of water that met all the attacks coming for him. Everything passed through it and was misdirected to fly by him as he had already taken note of what he was dealing with, and it was all very… odd.

The army below was large, but it was not powerful. From the power of the attacks, he felt nearly only D-grades in the crowd, and after using some Identifies, he confirmed that these armies were made up nearly entirely of D-grades with a few C-grade commanders in the mix, save for one small squad.

Having dealt with the first barrage of attacks, the army below wasn’t showing any reaction besides releasing another attempt at his life. Miyamoto sighed as he quickly scanned the battlefield and noticed it had a rather classical setup, but not one actually made for warfare. It was purely a marching formation, and seeing as the immediate area all around the Prima Vessel was clean, much of the dirt showing signs of prior marches, he quickly reached a conclusion.

An army for show.

Misdirecting the next set of attacks, the Sword Saint saw no need to take a third as he dove down toward the army. Only now did they seem to realize they were dealing with a problematic opponent, and in an instant, panic set in.

The armies scrambled as the C-grade commanders yelled words of order, but none of them listened besides two companies, including one that Miyamoto had noticed from the beginning as they stood out due to their far worse equipment and the fact they were all beastfolk of the same variant.

Beastfolk, or beastkin as they were also called, were a rather diverse race, much like scalekin. Their only common trait was their bestial ancestry, but that ancestry could vary widely and would affect their variant races significantly. This particular army with shabby equipment was all of the same kind of beastkin and, from the looks of it, had their ancestry in a bull or other similar bovine of some fashion.

A slave army? Internal discord between variants?

Hopefully, he would soon have his answer as Miyamoto successfully located the leader of this entire group. The second company that retained order, besides this one he suspected to be made up of slaves, also had the best equipment and was definitely some kind of elite squad going by how they were all C-grades. Low-tier C-grades, but C-grades still, with their leader a large bear-like beastkin standing in the middle with a two-handed axe. This wasn’t necessarily the commander in charge of the army, but he was certainly the strongest based on how many of the panicking soldiers threw glances at him. Miyamoto knew that beastkin tended to structure their societies strictly around power… something that wasn’t exactly unique to them, true, but he believed it a safe bet in this case to approach the strongest.

A few attacks were still thrown his way, but the Sword Saint ignored them as he appeared in front of the elite army with the bearkin towering above the other soldiers staring straight at him.

”I do not come as an enemy,” Miyamoto spoke in a calm tone. ”And I apologize if that was your interpretation of my presence.”

The beastkin, who had looked ready to attack, stared at him suspiciously as he answered in a tone that made it clear she was a female, making the Sword Saint get a pang of embarrassment that he masterfully hid.

”Who are you? Who are you with?” the female bearkin asked with an almost accusatory tone.

”I am with no one; I just arrived on this planet,” the Sword Saint answered, deciding to limit the information he would give away until he knew more.

”Lies, the Fourth King did not enter the Prima Guardian Alliance,” the bearkin answered, now with their guard even more up than before, yet having also disclosed some valuable information.

”I never made such claims,” Miyamoto said with a light smile as he looked up toward the sky where he came from as he purposefully radiated his aura and power. ”I am from a world that defeated our Prima Guardian shortly after the event began, and taking advantage of what lies within the Prima Vessel, we became able to travel elsewhere in the galaxy… even to the worlds not part of the alliance.”

His words weren’t lies. The scientist had taken inspiration from and made use of what was within the Prima Vessel to make his own horrendous teleportation device.

The bearkin looked conflicted as the Sword Saint decided to retain the initiative of the conversation. ”I shall inform you now that I came alone. My sole intent is to slay the Prima Guardian, but should good reason be given, I can offer assistance with other urgent matters to help stabilize the planet.”

It was clear this C-grade who was in charge of a for-show march to guard the Prima Vessel wasn’t someone who could actually make decisions, but she could direct him to someone who could. This entire conversation had also been conducted openly surrounded by others, and through the whispers and doubtful talk of the soldiers all around him, the Sword Saint quickly got a basic idea of what he was dealing with on this planet.

Three Beast Kings, all in conflict. Yes, only three, as it appeared the First King was already dead, killed by the three others who were now fighting to claim the throne. Apparently, this Prima Vessel was important to claim victory, and right now, the Fourth King had won dominion over it, though from the sounds of it, the giant metal egg had already changed hands many times.

Certainly a mess. Especially with Primas everywhere causing trouble and making everything far more complicated. Some kind of power struggle had somehow ended up taking precedence over what Miyamoto believed was far more important.

The Sword Saint had just presented himself as a potential solution to the problems of these seemingly equally matched factions. An ace that would allow any King who successfully recruited him to claim victory, and he had purposefully shown off his power for just that. Miyamoto also knew the ambitions of a soldier, even if they had a relatively high rank, and he saw the light of ambition in the eyes of the bearkin.

”It… it’s maybe possible to get a meeting with the Third King if you are telling the truth,” the beastkin said hesitantly.

”Such an arrangement would be wonderful,” the Sword Saint said with a comforting smile.

”I will contact high command,” the bearkin said as she threw a glance to a soldier who was thrown out of his stupor as he used some kind of skill. The Sword Saint nodded in approval and remained calm, only floating down to stand on the ground to appear less intimidating.

A few minutes passed before the female beastkin focused on the Sword Saint again.

”We are to meet in another location not far from there. It will only take a single teleportation to get there,” the beastkin said, the Sword Saint nodding.

A trap it is… yet to tell if they are simply being cautious or overly foolish. Let us hope it’s the former.

He joined the bearkin and a few other soldiers as they made their way to a small forward camp that looked like it was used mainly for supplies for all the marching soldiers. It also had two teleportation circles, with one of them recently deactivated and both rigged to blow. The escort clearly wasn’t very comfortable around him, something that was perhaps for the best.

When they reached the circle, the soldiers stopped, and the bearkin took a moment to gather herself. ”Let me go through first and check everything is ready. I will send a signal when it’s fine to go through.”

”Naturally,” the Sword Saint smiled, keeping up his friendly demeanor despite having a very good idea of what was waiting for him on the other end of the teleporter.

A few minutes later, one of the soldiers had a small token he was carrying light up, and he threw a look at the Sword Saint as he spoke. ”That’s the signal.”

”So it is,” Miyamoto kept smiling as he stepped onto the teleporter. One could argue what he was doing currently was risky, but in truth, he felt no fear. The idle chatter of an army revealed much, including that his level was higher than any of them had ever seen before when it came to enlightened. While that didn’t mean he had to be the highest-level person on the planet, it did make him confident in stating he was the strongest.

He could be entirely mistaken, but he believed he wasn’t, and besides, Jake couldn’t be the only one who took big risks.

Teleporting, the Sword Saint immediately had his suspicions confirmed, as rather than a meeting room or anything like that, he appeared within what looked like an underground chamber, with magic circles covering the floors, walls, and ceiling, as well as around fifty C-grades spread out around the area behind cover, all pointing what looked like old muskets at him.

”I find this welcome rather rude,” the Sword Saint said as thick tension filled the air.

From the far end of the room, the only person who wasn’t hidden behind cover walked toward him. It was one of the bull-like beastkin who carried a small disc that projected a beastkin figure. Using a slave to communicate like this… truly the cautious sort.

”There have not been any humans on this planet since ancient times, and yet now one appears and claims to be here to save us,” the projection said as the bullkin walked over. ”To call your presence suspicious would be an understatement.”

”I fail to see how the history of your world is related to the ongoing system event,” the Sword Saint said in his usual calm voice. ”And I believe you have already been informed of my purpose for being here: to kill the Prima Guardian.”

”So you claim,” the projected beastfolk said, clearly not convinced. ”And quite a bold claim at that. I understand you believe yourself powerful, and my warrior also seemed confident you do hold some power… but let me not waste your time or mine: we don’t need you.”

The Sword Saint raised an eyebrow. ”Oh? That is odd because from what I saw, you have not slain the Prima Guardian, which makes your words rather confusing, wouldn’t you agree?”

”The Fourth King took the spot as World Leader and is the only one who can unlock the Prima Vessel… I would think someone claiming to be a Prima Guardian Slayer would know that you need the World Leader to release the Guardian before time,” the beastkin that the Sword Saint was now convinced was the Third King said.

”Once more, I fail to understand how you connect the dots between my two statements,” Miyamoto smiled confidently. ”I would merely assume one who is capable of slaying the Guardian is also capable of assuring its release. Or are you incapable of convincing this World Leader of yours to release the Guardian? Perhaps you are too weak to bring him here forcefully? Either way, it serves as a weak excuse for your lack of action.”

”You are far from understanding our history… and you never will,” the projection said in a cold voice. ”I have already claimed the Vessel, and my victory is inevitable. I don’t need some interloper from beyond the stars, and if you truly are capable, I can’t risk you helping the other Kings. So, let me apologize, traveler… your journey ends here.”

”Please, save your apologies,” the Sword Saint smiled amicably. ”You planned on doing this from the very beginning.”

The projection just smirked before it disappeared, and Miyamoto saw the look of abject horror in the eyes of the slave holding the disc. Yet, despite this fear, the D-grade slave tried to tackle Miyamoto as the entire room lit up, and the sound of dozens of gunshots sounded out at once.

Unfortunate but not unexpected.

Drawing his blade, the area all around the Sword Saint was filled with slashes, as the many bullets flying for him were cut in two, and infusing his sword with energy, he created a defensive zone around him. The explosions came just then, but a bubble of water met it, the concept of time draining the powers of the magic circles rapidly.

A few seconds later, the excitement died down as the Sword Saint began walking forward, leaving the beastkin slave behind, not a single injury on their body. Another barrage of shots came just then, but he teleported forward, avoiding them all as the bullets instead hit the walls, making them explode.

The room he had been teleported to had only a single exit – unless he wanted to make his own- at the far end of a spacious hallway. This exit quickly opened as the Sword Saint saw a whole squad of C-grades rush in, the bearkin who had brought him there among them. Out of everyone, she certainly looked the most nervous and like she didn’t want to be there.

Good, she will do if it comes down to me needing a guide.

Behind him, the gunmen who had been hiding also came out to surround him in the hallway leading to the exit, trapping him between the two groups. There were a few hundred C-grades at least, only a few of them mid-tier C-grade, with most low-tiers. A fight would simply be a needless endeavor. Bloodshed that would benefit no one.

”I know the Third King, as he calls himself, is listening, so allow me to offer a warning. I have come to kill the Prima Guardian, and I will not leave before that is done. I genuinely wish to do this under peaceful circumstances without unnecessary bloodshed, but should you continually impede my goal, know that forcing my hand will only give victory to the other Kings,” Miyamoto spoke, looking at all the clearly nervous C-grades confronting him.

A few moments of silence followed as the Sword Saint addressed the C-grades directly as he didn’t want to stand there wasting any more time or allowing them to prepare some other useless method to try and deal with him. ”Even if your leader does not allow you to stand down, do not throw away your lives meaninglessly. From this moment onwards, I shall retaliate against any attacks. Please, I implore you, do not end your own Paths out of misguided loyalty toward someone not caring enough about your lives to have a proper conversation with me… and Third King, do not let those loyal to you die for nothing. Prove my words wrong and that these loyal comrades of yours are not mere expendables.”

With those words, he began walking forward with steady steps, not holding back his aura at all while holding his sword in hand. With each step, the tension rose, but no one made the first move. As Miyamoto got closer to the group blocking the exit to the underground chamber, they slowly parted, allowing the Sword Saint to continue.

Despite the enemies on all sides, he was calm as could be on the inside, not showing a single hint outwardly either. When he reached the end of the hallway, something finally happened. But it wasn’t someone attacking. A figure, flanked by two others, walked down the stairs leading out of the underground chamber, and Miyamoto recognized him as the same person who had been projected before, though with a far more conflicted look on his face now.

”Finally, we meet in person,” Miyamoto said as he nodded in greeting. ”It gladdens me to see a leader who knows loyalty goes both ways.”

The beastfolk man, who looked like he had descended from a lion or tiger, clenched his claw-filled fist as he clearly wasn’t comfortable with the situation he had been put in, but at least he understood his own circumstances.

”I… apologize for the rude welcome…” he said, nodding back.

”I do not believe unfortunate circumstances and misunderstanding from a first meeting shall dictate an entire relationship,” the Sword Saint said in response. ”Let us define what our shared future shall be from this moment forward and put the past to rest.”

The Third King nodded slowly as the Sword Saint smiled, sheathing his blade once more, having not drawn a single drop of blood yet that day.




***
Chapter 976: Setting People Straight


***






A singular demonstration was all it took to turn himself into a figure of authority above any others. Miyamoto learned quickly that this planet wasn’t actually struggling much with the regular Primas, at least not when it came to defending their major cities.

The primary reason for this was the general lack of focus there had been on hunting down regular Primas before the Myriad Paths event, which was in part caused by their culture. As a civilization of purely beastfolk, they viewed hunting down beasts very differently to the more fully humanoid races such as elves, humans, or dwarves, making them generally just leave other beasts alone unless attacked. In fact, it was far more normal to work together with beasts and live side by side with them.

It was much like how humans in the multiverse tended to prefer fighting things that didn’t look human at all. Perhaps it was something instinctive or born of Records that one had an innate dislike of killing those of one’s own race, and it was clearly also present with these beastkin, directed toward beasts resembling themselves and their ancestors.

Of course, one couldn’t ignore the massive war going on among the four factions on the planet that were established shortly after the Tutorial, making the powerful focus on other things. One faction had been far more dominant in the early days, but during the time a World Leader had to be elected, the Second to Fourth King grouped up to take down the first one after colluding to vote the Fourth King as the World Leader.

With the First King dead and territory to claim, the war just became a threeway, and so had it been ever since then, with no one working together or agreeing on much… until one day, a swordsman descended from the skies.

After the Sword Saint convinced the Third King to talk, he sought out the other two Kings. He strategically chose a battlefield where the two of them used to fight but were now dealing with Primas. In view of scouts from both these factions – and the ones who had come with him from the third faction – the Sword Saint slaughtered thirteen Primas within a minute, alongside more than a thousand beasts. In Miyamoto’s view, these were some of the weakest Primas he had seen, but his actions got the job enough and helped him move his strategy forward.

That display of power was enough for him to create the current situation that was now playing out as the Sword Saint stood before three Beastkin Kings and some of the most influential people from their factions… speaking to them like the ignorant children they had been acting as.

”The World Congress was established as a mechanism to force a planet to come together. It was a way to meet in a neutral space with no violence allowed, to talk out differences and unite, with this system event proving as the final test of the enlightened on a planet,” the Sword Saint explained as he paced back and forth in front of the three kings.

”However, this event is only the beginning. Tell me, do the three of you have an inkling as to what is happening in the rest of the galaxy?” Miyamoto asked the three, and from their lack of response, they clearly didn’t. ”It’s something that’s also happening everywhere else across the universe, but this galaxy perhaps has it the worst. A war is going on far beyond the scope of your little conflict. Massive factions are fighting. Factions with power far beyond what this planet can handle. Factions that are more than interested in claiming a world, seemingly ripe for the taking because its leaders care more about fighting amongst themselves than addressing external threats.”

It was clear the three of them already knew much of this, but it required repeating. Perhaps they had needed someone to set them straight for a long time, and the Sword Saint would have to be that person.

”What I say next is not to sow discord, but that you know is important. All three of you privately proposed to me that I could help slay the two others, and they would commit to a quite favorable alliance,” he continued, the three of them throwing angry glances at one another but still shut up. ”I rejected them all… but others would gladly take such an offer. I also want you to consider something. What happens if a major faction comes from another planet, takes advantage of your struggle, and offers an alliance, effectively making you servants? Would you reject, or would the desperation from fighting a losing conflict push you to make an unwise choice? I believe that if the status quo is maintained, the answer is clear.”

The room was silent as these words hung in the air, the presence of the Sword Saint making them unable to protest. One of them – the Second King – did speak up, though.

”Then what is your solution? Joining your faction?” he asked. A bold but very important question Miyamoto had naturally been expecting.

”I do not belong to any faction per-se, and the one I’m closest with does not care to integrate other forces,” he shook his head. ”But no matter the future, facing it with a united front will be for the best. Not just for at least two of you but the people you rule over. So stop this endless fighting. Finally, If you wish to send a delegation to my home planet, be my guest, but I shall not be the arbiter of this planet’s future. That role and responsibility falls to the three of you.”

The three Beastkin Kings had managed to obtain their statuses not only due to their personal power but also their respective prowess’ as leaders. The Sword Saint wasn’t keen on how they had handled things so far, but he believed them all competent enough to understand the importance of avoiding an internal conflict when there were so many external threats on the horizon.

”We… will need to discuss,” the Third King said as he and the Second King looked at the fourth one. ”But we will need to ensure fairness. There is only one World Leader spot, and that has already been claimed.”

”And such cannot be changed, only accepted and moved past,” the Sword Saint said, addressing the Fourth King directly. ”Of course, your ability to do so depends on his ability to recognize that his position is not above the two of you. Clearly, you will need another leadership structure than your current one to ensure fairness, but I do not see myself having any role in making that happen. The only role I have yet to fulfill is that of a slayer of your Prima Guardian.”

”If you feel certain you can handle this Guardian alone, I would gladly release it,” the Fourth King said as he seemed to remember something and turned to the two other kings. ”Assuming the two of you have no protests against me doing so.”

Miyamoto smiled as the two other leaders had no complaints. With that sorted, there was no need to delay as the Sword Saint headed off together with all three Kings alongside their escorts. These people were some of the strongest on the planet by far, and yet they posed no danger to the Sword Saint at all.

In fact, he found the overall power level of this planet low. It was very obvious they would find themselves instantly dominated should another of the stronger planets in the Milky Way choose to invade them, and in truth, Miyamoto had no way of knowing if the alliance he had sought to create would actually help. He hoped it would; he genuinely did, and he believed that his final demonstration to the Kings would prove how powerless they truly were when compared to those toward the peak. Those like himself.

He watched the Fourth King enter the Prima Vessel and, not long after, sprint out again quite literally with his tail between his legs.

The tale has been stolen; if detected on Amazon, report the violation.

The Sword Saint stood ready for the Prima Guardian to appear. The moment it did, Miyamoto used Identify.

[Distinguished Prima Guardian – lvl 294]

This was only the third Guardian he saw that didn’t even reach the rank of Honored Prima Guardian. This Guardian looked like a centaur, except it had an upper body on both sides of the horse body, and quite frankly, it looked pretty bizarre.

The fear on the faces of the Kings was obvious as the Sword Saint bent his knees and prepared for his demonstration. They had seen some of his power once, planting the seed of knowledge that he was stronger than three of them… now he wanted them to truly realize how frightening the multiverse could be.

Right as the Prima Guardian saw Miyamoto, it charged, and the Sword Saint took a deep breath, exhaling as he spoke and drew his sword.

”Glimpse of Spring: Stormcut.”

For a moment, the world was still. A faint line was drawn across reality before everything came crashing down, and blood filled the sky as the Prima Guardian was cut cleanly in two horizontally. Without even giving the creature a chance to rest, the Sword Saint stepped forward and attacked, swinging his blade two dozen times as the boss creature was sliced apart before it had the faintest chance to fight back, simply too weak to pose any danger.

You have slain [Distinguished Prima Guardian – lvl 294] – Bonus experience earned for killing an enemy above your level

Stopping his attack, the Sword Saint breathed in once more, whipping the blood off his sword before he sheathed it. Without a single drop of blood on his robes, he turned to look at the three Kings who now stared at him with complex emotions, fear definitely in there, but more than that, he felt a sense of what Miyamoto could only classify as reverence.

”Thank you for allowing me to accomplish the task I came to do,” the Sword Saint said with a smile and a nod. ”Now, if you would accompany me into the Prima Vessel, I wish to see if I can use it to return to my planet. If not, the blueprint for a teleportation circle allowing not just you to teleport to other planets, but for other planets to travel here should have become available.”

His words made the Kings exit their stupor as the World Leader and other Kings accompanied the Sword Saint into the Prima Vessel, wherein they quickly confirmed that the Sword Saint could use it to return to Earth, so that was fortunate. What should not have come as a surprise was the instant question from the Kings if they could send some people back to Earth with him, something Miyamoto naturally agreed to. Only three total, though. He wouldn’t want to needlessly overwhelm Miranda, knowing she was already incredibly busy.

With three diplomats, the Sword Saint thus returned to Earth once more, having only needed a few days to handle this one. He was already looking forward to the next planet and exploring its culture. The only problem was that to get to the planet, he would likely need to use the monstrous creation that Arnold constructed to get there, something he most certainly wasn’t looking forward to experiencing again.

Alas, sacrifices had to be made… and he couldn’t exactly show the scientist it bothered him too much. The same as when he went to the amusement park when he was younger. No matter how bad those damn roller coasters made him feel, he never let his family see and would instead suffer in the bathroom once alone.

Anything else, his flawed pride simply wouldn’t allow.

”Truly, your overcautiousness is wholly unnecessary,” the nahoom shook his head with a dry smile. ”You being aware of my Bloodline would already make it foolish for me to attempt to use it, and I’m not silly enough to risk ruining a valuable relationship.”

”I believe trust is earned, not merely given, and so far, you have done nothing to make me willing to trust you,” Jacob answered as he stood on the balcony, the Chosen of Yip of Yore leaning against the railing as they spoke.

”I made a promise with the Holy Church, something you are very aware of,” Ell’Hakan pointed out. ”Then again, you are this cautious around my Bloodline because you are with the Church, so I probably shouldn’t complain.”

”No, you really shouldn’t,” Jacob muttered, not exactly satisfied with the current situation. He had done what he could to stay safe, though.

Jacob, being aware of Ell’hakan and his Bloodline, had taken specific measures to ensure he wouldn’t fall victim to it. The first one was, of course, to try and be in tune with his own emotions, trying to ask himself a lot of questions to make sure he was thinking clearly and not affected in any way. Of course, some influence could still sneak through, but that was what he had his ultimate defense for:

Bertram.

His Guardian wasn’t anywhere close to Ell’Hakan and entirely out of his effective area. Due to their connection, Jacob could share his emotions with his old bodyguard, and while Jacob would perhaps not notice any changes, Bertram for sure would. Plus, having two people who were so connected would make it easy for them to point out if the other ever acted off, as long as they didn’t meet up while in the presence of Ell’hakan and got affected at the same time.

”Your personal dislike of me isn’t truly that warranted, is it?” Ell’Hakan asked. ”When I went to your homeworld, the Holy Church more than happily took advantage and was even warned of my arrival beforehand. They condoned what I did. The overall losses your planet suffered during it all weren’t significant either.”

Jacob remained silent as Ell’Hakan kept speaking.

”Exactly how do you envision this going for the Holy Church if the Order of the Malefic Viper is allowed to run wild? The Church wants to control the galaxy, something I’m more than fine with, but will your old coworker agree with such a thing? Or will he put up a fight till the bitter end, killing countless in service of his own pride and stubbornness?”

”The Chosen of the Malefic Viper has yet to show any outright hostility toward other planets, unlike you. In fact, quite the opposite, as per a recording you personally machinated into existence. I have no cause to believe he will not simply continue to let sleeping dogs lie,” Jacob argued back. ”And, while the Holy Church would like control of the Milky Way… it is but one of countless galaxies. Ultimately meaningless in the grand scheme of things. What I’m trying to say is that I believe your current approach is misguided… fighting Jake or trying to control his future will lead to nothing but the end of your Path.”

”Sadly, your belief does not seem to be shared by your superiors,” Ell’Hakan said, shaking his head. ”You know, I respect your loyalty to someone who was once a friend, and you may find this hard to believe, but you are genuinely the most pleasant person I believe I have ever met. I know you don’t like me personally, yet there is no animosity. No truly negative emotions outside of ones wanting me to find a better Path. It’s no wonder the Church and pretty much every other divine faction seem so keen on Augurs. It takes a very unique person to become one.”

”If you see the value an Augur brings, then you should also heed their advice,” Jacob said with a sigh. ”You walk a complicated Path. A powerful one, yes, but it also holds a certain fragility. The foundation on which it is built is unstable, leaving vulnerabilities that may one day come back to haunt you. There are fateful lies that are bound to-”

”You know what?” Ell’Hakan said as he flared his aura and stared at Jacob. ”I think I changed my mind about Augurs. You can sure be the annoying sort.”

”I don’t tell you what you want to hear, but what I feel like you need to hear. As for if you take my words to heart or not… that, I have no control over,” Jacob kept talking. ”You should also know from my emotions I truly do bear no ill will.”

”Which only makes you all the more frustrating. Either way, just do the job you came here to do and direct the strike team where they are most needed,” Ell’Hakan said as he walked off, but he stopped just before he entered the building from the balcony. ”If you truly want peace and to avoid needless conflict as you keep preaching, make the Chosen of the Malefic Viper make the right choice. Do so I no longer have to refer to him with that label at all. I will never be a friend of his, but his current Path requires one of us to die unless something significant changes.”

”Then let us hope the future brings such changes,” Jacob said with a sigh.

Ell’Hakan left with those words, and the Augur just kept staring out at the world from which they were organizing the efforts of the Prima Guardian Alliance. Jacob was using his skills to divine what planets needed help the most, but he was also there because of the partnership between Ell’Hakan and the Holy Church.

Jacob was the highest-ranked member of the Church in the Milky Way, after all. He was privy to many things, had seen many futures, possessed his own insights and theories, and had felt many Paths. Ell’Hakan wasn’t wrong. He or Jake would end up with one of them dead as things were now. Jacob also knew of the nahoom’s hopes, that Jake would end up with Valhal or at least no longer in direct conflict. He believed that would make them no longer have a need to be enemies…

Truly showing how he walked a Path of delusion if he believed that would make Jake not want to kill him.

As for what would happen if Yip of Yore managed to actually slay the Malefic Viper… such a future wasn’t even one Jacob could begin to augur.

Nor was he convinced it would be worth doing even if he was capable of trying.




***
Chapter 977: A Good Faction & Developing Situation


***






”This definitely isn’t looking good,” Jake muttered as he stared at the projected map of the galaxy. A few weeks ago, Arnold had sent over a drone capable of copying the map within the Prima Vessel to allow Jake to keep track of everything happening, so he tried to check it out once in a while. So far, keeping track hadn’t been the most uplifting of experiences.

”I do wonder what the response of the major factions shall be,” Vesperia agreed, though she didn’t look overly concerned. Likely because the few planets she cared about had already destroyed every teleportation circle they had, stopping anyone from going to or from the planet. The members of the Endless Empire living there would then simply get in contact with the faction through their divine connection after the system event was over and work from there without having to interact with the rest of the event.

Jake could only see this as a good plan considering the development on the map. It had been over two months now since Jake had his unfortunate accident, and he was still healing… but while he was getting better, the galaxy was getting worse.

Over a dozen black flags had appeared, and the number of planets Jake could only assume got consumed by desolation was now up to twenty-one. A single entity had managed to destroy that many planets within only a couple of months, and Jake definitely didn’t have a good feeling about it. Not just because someone or something capable of destroying planets wasn’t the best to have in your local galaxy, but because of what this meant.

The creature was bound to be growing stronger with every passing day. It had to be getting quite a few levels, as the Records associated with its actions were far from insignificant… and in the meanwhile, what was Jake doing?

Well, not any leveling, that was for damn sure. One of the side effects of this kind of soul damage Jake hadn’t even considered was the complete inability to gain any experience or levels at all while hurt. At least he wouldn’t be able to gain any levels before he was fully healed.

Jake still needed to remain active, though, just as Eron had said. That was another way of saying that Jake had to keep doing stuff to keep gaining Records despite not really getting anything out of it besides his healing not slowing down. Jake’s way of doing this had naturally been through his Puzzle Cube, which had served nicely, and it had led to his recovery doing pretty well, in his opinion.

Status

Mana Points (MP): 139,556/293,099 (442,484)

Jake’s mana pool was nearly up by a hundred thousand now, and according to the last time he spoke with Eron, he should be healed within a few more months. Even the healer couldn’t fully say anything with confidence, though, as this kind of recovery was far from linear, and every soul healed differently than others. Eron did comment that Jake was healing a lot more rapidly than first expected, which was a nice surprise.

The healer theorized this was potentially due to Jake’s arcane affinity and its innate concept of stability, and seeing as his affinity was born of his Bloodline, it certainly was also a cause if Eron was right. However, despite his Bloodline being awesome, it still wasn’t omnipotent and he was still on what was effectively house arrest for now.

All while the galaxy was facing a living calamity leaving desolate planets in its wake.

”None of the planets Miranda is in contact with have been hit, right?” Jake asked with furrowed brows.

”Not as far as I’ve heard,” Vesperia shook her head. ”No one is even sure how this creature travels around. Obviously, it’s making use of the teleportation network, but would anyone truly be foolish enough to accept this entity that has killed so many planets before? The only reason this could realistically happen was with planets not in active contact with any other planet who’ve killed their Prima Guardian yet… or an ally of an ally who has… which is a rapidly waning number if such even exist anymore.”

”Exactly,” Jake said, still confused. He couldn’t help but look down at his ring and wonder if it was the reason ”I” could travel around, assuming this creature also had such a ring. No other explanation seemed probable to allow it access to the teleporters. Was there a function he hadn’t unlocked? One he hadn’t appropriately explored?

Staring at the map, he saw that nearly all the blue planets part of the alliance had now turned green, with not even a hundred left. Kindroth and Miranda had been busy sending teams to help out everywhere as the system event only got easier and easier, and Jake had heard that quite a big alliance had been formed by now.

However, compared to the alliance made by Ell’Hakan, it was far smaller. In fact, they had even lost a few of the planets that had been seen as loyal to Earth, the World Leaders and population choosing to rather side with Ell’Hakan.

The reason they had done this was an annoying one because Jake couldn’t really argue against it. They had all come to learn that Ell’Hakan wasn’t just expanding to make his own personal alliance bigger but had instead found a working partner in the Holy Church, effectively handing over planets to them and allowing them to assimilate their populations.

As the single-largest faction in the entire multiverse, it wasn’t surprising they already had a lot of planets in the Milky Way under their control even before the system event began. These highly organized planets had helped become the backbone of Ell’Hakan’s campaign and fortified his position as the leader of the alliance. What’s more, they offered something no one else could, which was also the reason why the Holy Church had become the largest faction in the multiverse in the first place: safety.

A far more reassuring kind of safety than any other faction in the entire multiverse could offer.

To these planets, many of which had been filled with conflict ever since the system arrived, this was a great opportunity. Joining the Holy Church meant that not only would you get the backing of the biggest faction, but it was also pretty universally agreed that for the common person, the Church was the best faction to be a part of. What other faction could offer a life after death? For people who had risked their lives every day to suddenly be presented with a faction that promised such a thing… yeah, the appeal was understandable.

Not to say they even necessarily had to all die. The Holy Church ran on faith and still preferred living believers. They had a very solid track record of evacuating people from planets facing danger, Earth being a good example, as they invested a lot of resources to bring members of the Church away once they deemed it unwise to stay. All in all, it wasn’t hard to see why many planets chose to side with the Church.

If you encounter this story on Amazon, note that it's taken without permission from the author. Report it.

Ell’Hakan had made a good choice to ally with them. Chances are they had a deal that was also very beneficial to Ell’Hakan, allowing him to grow his own power in tandem with the Church. Jake already knew from all the Nevermore stuff he had a deal of some kind… he just really hoped the Holy Church would know when a rabid dog had to be put down.

As for a war with the Holy Church… Jake would want to avoid it if possible, as he really didn’t see any value in having one, something he highly suspected Ell’Hakan already knew. All it would do was force him to kill a lot of people he had no interest in killing in the first place from a faction that had many bad elements for sure but ultimately wasn’t even worse than all the others. Many would even argue it was the faction doing the most good in the multiverse.

This was another good reason for World Leaders to join the Church. Not many dared outright attack them, as they were, again, the largest in the multiverse, and they had a reputation for retaliating quite harshly.

Jake could admit that something like the Holy Church or Holyland – which really was their big selling point - didn’t appeal to him personally, but if Villy came to Jake and offered that his parents could get the same deal members of the Holy Church got, he wouldn’t say no. What son would say no to his parents being offered a life after death? It was selfish and hypocritical that he wanted them to be safe despite risking himself so much, but he’d never claimed he wasn’t a bit hypocritical.

Vesperia also had her own opinion on the topic of why so many of the enlightened joined the Holy Church with such enthusiasm:

”Humans and those like you are inherently selfish creatures. Your kind cares about their own survival more than anything else, with individualism and egoism trumping what’s best for the collective. Only when survival is no longer something that is actively thought about do you become able to look at the bigger picture,” Vesperia said with a sigh before quickly clarifying further. ”Of course, I do not mean that individualism is always bad; I just believe it shouldn’t be a universal concept. The average human I see swarming your planet has no value and adds nothing, so what right do they have to display such egoism? The multiverse is not equal, and some entities are inherently more valuable than others. They should accept this fact and they should prioritize raising up those of value rather than be selfish, even if doing so meant giving away their own lives.”

”You know, that is kind of how the Holy Church works,” Jake pointed out with a smile. ”Are the Endless Empire and Church really that much different in that aspect? Both like to throw armies of weaklings at others rather than send out their elites.”

Vesperia scoffed and shook her head. ”I find the comparison ridiculous. Drones die for the hive. All are willing to die for the hive if that’s what’s required to ensure its survival. That is their purpose. Members of the Holy Church do not die because it’s their duty. They only give their lives in the first place because they know that is not their true end, making it not a true sacrifice either. It’s ridiculous that they need it, but without the Holyland, the entire Holy Church would not be able to function as it is. Also, there is a good reason those who give their lives are hailed as martyrs and heroes after their deaths, despite how meaningless their sacrifices ultimately are. It all comes back to ego… an innate desire to be praised and recognized despite insignificant contributions. They see others hailed and believe that dying such a “noble” death would be worth it, with the only real consequence relaxation for the rest of their soul’s lifespan.”

Jake saw no reason to argue, he did find her words a bit funny, though. ”Does that mean you don’t want praise or recognition as often?”

”… I didn’t say that. I said it needs to be earned,” Vesperia said, looking away. ”And I contribute a lot…”

Shaking his head, Jake couldn’t help but smile. ”To me, you being you is more than enough to earn a bit of praise.”

Vesperia smiled at his words as the two of them kept looking at the star map a bit longer side by side. Jake hated being unable to affect it, but he truly didn’t have a choice. All he could do was trust Miranda, the Sword Saint, and all the others.

Speaking of the Sword Saint, he had been very busy with Arnold’s teleporter. He was incredibly efficient, visiting world after world and some-fucking-how ending up without much conflict. Nearly every time he returned, he even brought back diplomats who were definitely far more loyal than those part of the Prima Guardian Alliance from the get-go.

The one time Jake spoke to the old man, he had complained about the teleporter made by Arnold, something Jake could only empathize with. From the sounds of it, Arnold hadn’t prioritized making the experience smoother either but had focused on other aspects he believed were more important to improve.

Sylphie and the Fallen King had also started using Arnold’s teleporter together to help other planets, though their success rate for peaceful negotiation was quite a bit lower than the Sword Saint’s. As in, nearly every single time they went to a planet to help it, they ended up having to kill a lot of people before finally getting to fight the Prima Guardian and leaving. For some reason, people were super distrusting of two monsters offering help in the middle of a system event all about deciding if monsters or enlightened would ultimately claim dominion over a planet.

There was even one instance Miranda reported about where they ended up siding with the monsters. After killing the Prima Guardian, the beasts on the planet all kept attacking the native enlightened race. It turns out they had been royal assholes, and when they, in their crazy delusion, demanded the Fallen King and Sylphie to enslave themselves to the superior natives, it didn’t end well for them.

Man… Jake was looking forward to when he could be the one creating chaos again. Speaking of someone capable of also ravaging a bit themselves:

“By the way, how is the recovery of your Queen’s Guards going? You said it was pretty much done last time?” Jake asked the True Royal.

“Indeed, they are all fully reborn but are still growing in power. Shouldn’t be long before-“

Her words were interrupted as the landline phone down in the lab started ringing, catching their attention. Jake frowned, as usually he was the one reaching out, or they had planned meetings, so for them to call him…

Jake hurried over and picked it up, Vesperia also listening in intently as Miranda spoke on the other end.

“I hope I didn’t catch you at a bad time, but we just received two pieces of news that I believed pertinent to share with you immediately,” Miranda said in a serious tone.

“Shoot, and Vesperia is also here,” Jake answered quickly.

“Alright… first of all, it has been confirmed that Ell’Hakan and the Holy Church have also created a method to teleport people to other planets in the galaxy, akin to Arnold’s creation. We are not yet clear on all the details of if this device is capable of also teleporting here to Earth, but a safe assumption is that it can,” Miranda said, making Jake frown.

They knew this had to happen at some point. In fact, it was proof of just how damn smart Arnold was that he beat an entire faction by several months nearly entirely on his own. Still, this wasn’t good news and certainly complicated things.

“Well, that sure sucks. What’s the second piece of news?” Jake asked, not beating around the bush.

“Reports that Ell’Hakan seems to be aware you haven’t been on the move recently, and we believe he may soon try something… as for what that something entails, we have no idea as of now, but it sounded ominous,” Miranda said. “I don’t think he will directly attack Earth again, but… anyone currently fighting out there are potential targets.”

Jake sighed, wondering if the Chosen would really try and go after any of Jake’s allies… and the answer was that he definitely did seem like the kind who would. Jake just wasn’t sure how that would fit into his story… and if he did do something, what could Jake really do in his current state that wasn’t stupidly risky? The more time passed, and the more updates Jake got, the more annoying his situation just kept getting, as he really picked a bad time to be a moron.

Man… fuck this soul damage.




***
Chapter 978: Unsettling Whispers


***






”Assistance is not offered; it’s provided whether you want it or not. Your thoughts on the matter and your opinions are only factors that will lead to needless complications. So stand down and retain your lives,” the Fallen King said, frankly tired of dealing with all these so-called “enlightened” that kept creating problems whenever he and the Sylphian Hawk merely wanted to provide assistance in killing the Prima Guardian.

The Fallen King was currently floating in front of a party led by the World Leader of this particular planet. Around fifty of their “elites” were scattered all around him, knocked out with weak soul attacks, having utterly failed to put up any fight worth mentioning. The hawk hadn’t even needed to do anything but had instead decided to clear out every Prima in the vicinity of the Prima Vessel ahead of time.

“Replacing one calamity with another is not assistance,” the human woman who wielded the title of World Leader answered.

“Consider your options. Join me in freeing the Prima Guardian and trust us to slay it before leaving you in peace or oppose our will and know with certainty you face two entities more dangerous than the Guardian,” the Fallen King said in a harsh and very threatening tone.

“If… if you kill me, you have no way to free the Guardian,” the World Leader said, trying to look brave. Her belief that her words were true was what gave her any kind of courage to argue and stand up to the Unique Lifeform. She believed the King needed her…

“You do not know, do you?” the Fallen King said. “When the World Leader and a sufficient percentage of the enlightened population are all slain, the Prima Guardian will automatically be released. Perhaps designed as a kind of mercy-killing by the system? I do not know. All I know is that your continued existence is an act of mercy on my part, and you are testing the boundaries of my benevolence.”

To clarify, the Fallen King had no idea if what he said was true. What he did know was that negotiating as a monster was overly tiring, as enlightened simply never trusted him, at least not those in a newly integrated universe. There were naturally some exceptions and even a planet with beastfolk where Sylphie easily convinced them as they worshipped her almost like a deity due to the power of her variant race.

For this particular planet, the Fallen King had quickly gotten the understanding that they would not volunteer any help… so he had chosen the forceful approach. From the looks of how the World Leader wavered and the signs of telepathic communication between the party, it appeared to be working, as not long after, the human woman gritted her teeth.

“Fine… but swear upon your honor as a Unique Lifeform that you are not deceiving us,” she said, quite cleverly if the Fallen King had to say so.

“I will swear that my companion and I are only here with the objective of slaying the Prima Guardian and will leave afterward without killing any of your kin,” the Fallen King answered truthfully.

Perhaps most would write off something as feeble as a promise, but this woman did seem to have a basic grasp of what a Unique Lifeform was. They were all prideful and wouldn’t do something like swearing upon their honor just to trick someone so much weaker than themselves. The Fallen King wouldn’t do so either. Such things were simply beneath him, and she knew it.

“Alright… alright, we’ll trust you,” the World Leader finally fully agreed, a bit too slowly in the opinion of the King, but quickly enough that this wouldn’t cause a needless delay.

“Then let us delay no longer,” the King said, and with the World Leader and her party of weaklings in tow, headed toward the Prima Vessel to free and kill yet another Prima Guardian.

Once they arrived, Sylphie was already done cleaning up anything close to it and just waiting for them to get there. They had to fly a good deal of the way due to how weak this planet was and how they hadn’t even managed to get any kind of teleporter within three hours of travel time to the Vessel.

Having the World Leader enter the Prima Vessel went as always. She got in, they all waited a few minutes, and then she quickly flew out, a Prima Guardian hot on her heels. It was yet another weak one, and without the Fallen King having to do much, an excited Sylphie tore it apart, the Fallen King only doing a little to speed things up.

At this point, this all just felt like busy work. They had cleared about thirty planets this way, and it had been more than four months since the hunter decided to temporarily cripple himself due to his own stupidity, causing immense soul damage to himself. Even the King had taken some residual damage he needed to heal, and the entire experience had only made it clear he needed to work on separating himself from Jake.

Anyway, the opponents they faced at this point were all too weak to really bother with. The Guardians didn’t even have the Honored tag anymore, and if the Fallen King hadn’t seen how utterly useless the native populations were, he would have questioned how any planet could lose to this system event.

With the Guardian dead, Sylphie returned to the King and the cowering World Leader as they prepared for the final part.

“Will you hold true to your promise?” the World Leader asked, looking at the Vessel. The King also noticed the woman’s party had already taken off during the fighting but didn’t really care.

“Naturally. Now come, activate the Vessel, and we shall take our leave,” the Fallen King said. With Sylphie resting on the King’s shoulder, they entered the Prima Vessel with the usual design. A long hallway with a crossroad at the end, one leading into the control room, another into the teleportation room, and the final one with the rewards once all regular Primas were slain.

All were locked and needed the World Leader to unlock them, which was why they had to keep the annoying weaklings alive and somewhat healthy.

They first went to the control room, and the World Leader unlocked the barrier to enter and touched the metal orb that activated the Vessel. With it, the map also appeared as the World Leader stared at it with wide eyes.

“This is… wow,” she muttered, staring at the map. “So many planets cleared, so many lives saved… did you two help do that?”

The Fallen King found her shift in mood a bit odd but didn’t comment further. “Some. Once the entire galaxy is clear of Prima Guardians, the event shall conclude, and that is what we are working toward.”

The story has been illicitly taken; should you find it on Amazon, report the infringement.

“I see,” the World Leader said with a nod and a smile.

“Now, let us fulfill our promise and leave. Oh, and allow me to offer some free advice. Now that you are considered part of the Prima Guardian Alliance, you can also have people teleport to or from here to help you clean up the remaining regular Primas. Of course, you will need to establish the teleportation circle that should have been provided to you when you unlocked the Prima Vessel,” the Fallen King said, deciding to be a bit helpful, as the witch back in Haven had many times told him to at least not make other World Leaders too fearful.

The woman looked at him and kept smiling. “Hm, and to use this new teleporter that just became available, you needed to have claimed the Prima Vessel first, even if you had constructed one with knowledge provided by another planet beforehand. Assuming you hadn’t joined the Alliance during the World Congress.”

One didn’t need Jake’s intuition to know something was off as the Fallen King stared at the World Leader. “You seem oddly informed for-“

“Thank you for allowing me to realize my fate.”

Without any warning, the Fallen King was pushed back by an explosion and was covered in blood as the World Leader blew herself up, the Unique Lifeform just floating there undamaged, uncertain of what had just happened.

“Ree?” Sylphie, who had not been hit by the blood or explosion at all, asked.

“Nothing good,” the Fallen King responded, quickly floating out into the hallway and seeing the barrier still blocking the entrance to the teleportation room and their way home… now with no World Leader available to unlock it. “Nothing good at all.”

Jake was not to be disturbed while recovering and had primarily been left alone with Vesperia as he spent most of his days working with the Puzzle Box of the Seeker, the nifty mana-practice toy allowing him to put his mind off things while even improving a bit and helping speed up his recovery. He truly did try to make the best of this forced downtime.

However, that day, things felt off. Something wasn’t right, and Jake had informed Miranda of it immediately, as it was so bad Jake couldn’t even properly focus on things. As the hours passed, the feeling of wrongness only grew, and Jake couldn’t place his finger on what exactly was wrong.

Miranda quickly came back and had a hard time seeing where the issue could be. Nothing was out of the ordinary. Everything was standard as it had been for the last many months. Still, Jake couldn’t shake it and had even checked in with Sylphie real quick with their Union Oath contract and gotten back a feeling of her being bored, likely waiting for the Fallen King to do King stuff and negotiating, something the hawk wasn’t very good at as most World Leaders didn’t speak Sylphie.

He kept trying – and failing – to properly distract himself, even after he had Miranda check up on everyone he knew and cared about. Jake even began to fear something was happening or was going to happen to someone he couldn’t even get in contact with. Had what Villy did for Jake hurt him more badly than he let on? Was it someone else back in the Order who was in trouble?

Sometimes, he hated the inconsistency of his intuition. There were times it was very clear, while in other instances, it just gave him super vague feelings. On this day, all it told him was that something was wrong and that someone could potentially be in danger…

As the day progressed, Jake could only wait, hoping for this feeling to fade with time. It didn’t, but it only kept growing worse and worse until finally, Jake got word from Miranda.

“William and I are coming over. I know you don’t like him, but he was our best bet for finding out what was wrong… and he did find something suspicious enough that we need to meet,” she sent, Jake practically at the edge of his seat as the message arrived.

For Miranda to bring William over, this had to be very serious. The karmic mage hadn’t been one of the people who knew Jake was still suffering from a semi-permanent soul injury, and he was pretty much bound to find out if he met Jake in person. Still, Jake didn’t have time to worry about this, as he waited the five minutes it took for them to get there.

When they arrived, they brought a third person along. One that didn’t look like he wanted to be there, based on how half his body had turned into metal, and he was even tied up with a glowing sigil left by Miranda on his forehead, seemingly suppressing his energies. He was also unconscious, but Jake saw the grave looks on Miranda and William’s faces.

“What’s going on?” Jake asked, looking at the tied-up guy. “Who’s that?”

“I halfway hoped you’d know,” Willaim said, not even commenting on Jake’s current state. “He harbored intense hatred for you.”

Miranda chose to step in to elaborate as she motioned toward him. “We fully expected some spies to slip in over the last few months and naturally kept anyone new to the planet under observation in case they did something overly suspicious. I had William check out any people who I believed may have done something over the last day or so, specifically focusing on those who had communicated with anyone off-planet… and he found this guy, along with three other diplomats who killed themselves before we had a chance to stop them.”

Jake kept quiet as William took over.

“All of them were wearing items that had to have been at least high ancient rarity or even legendary rarity, capable of hiding their own karmic bonds quite well. Only when I was right in front of them could I see what was wrong and unravel the net. I used some of my less-than-pleasant abilities to get close and try to figure out what they were doing, and all I learned is that they want to give you a fate worse than death,” William sighed.

“That isn’t anything new, is it?” Jake questioned. A lot of people wanted him dead, right? Ell’Hakan and all his goons, other minor gods he had potentially pissed off in the early days of the integration, and probably a lot he didn’t even know about, including those who held some kind of resentment toward the Viper, his abilities to manipulate Primeval Origins, or just those envious of his Nevermore placement. So many damn suspects.

“Yes… but this guy was in communication with another planet not long ago,” William said in a serious tone. “One that hadn’t even been part of the Prima Guardian Alliance... and the one I also feel the presence of the Sylphian Hawk and Fallen King on.”

“Why woul-“

Just then, Jake also got a message from Sylphie, simply letting him know that they were trapped and needed help getting home… at which point Jake became certain, and his intuition had all feelings of vagueness leave it.

“They’re in danger,” Jake said with wide eyes, and William also seemed distressed as he got a message of his own.

“Remember the karmic tracker we spoke about implementing in the teleporter?” he asked, and before even elaborating, Jake knew as he clenched his fists.

The Fallen King floated in the sky outside the Prima Vessel, Sylphie next to him. They had tried to enter the teleportation chamber and failed, with their best theory now that should they kill every Prima on the planet, there was a good chance it would unlock. If not, they would have to wait for the scientist from back on Earth to send someone capable of teleporting back with them. Or, at the very least, someone who could open the gate, which they had discovered any World Leader who had successfully completed their planet’s own Prima event could.

This should be a mere annoyance, only slowing down their hunt of Guardians by a few days. Sylphie had also already sent a message to Jake through their Union Oath contract, only communicating that they needed extraction.

However, the message she got back was one of warning, and as they floated there, it became clear this was more than a mere annoyance. The Fallen King looked at the Sylphian Hawk and back to the horizon as he spoke.

“You feel it, too?”

“Ree…” the hawk gave off a small screech.

Something unsettling was coming. The Fallen King focused on improving his ability to view into the distance, which was when he saw it. Something was happening with the energy in the horizon. It was being disturbed somehow, and as the King threw a questioning mental probe at the hawk with actual eyes and way better vision, her answer was only more unsettling.

She saw a horizon slowly being drained of color and said the wind had nearly stopped blowing from that direction entirely… what faint whispers that did reach her speaking only of desolation.




***
Chapter 979: A Perplexing Creature


***






All was quiet as the Fallen King and Sylphie watched the lone figure approach in the distance at a slow but steady speed. With it, all colors faded, and the land died, never to have anything grow on it again. As the entity grew closer, the Fallen King finally saw the creature properly as it went over a small hill.

It was only a little taller than the average human and was utterly emaciated, looking almost like a skeleton with skin attached in several places. It was impossible to know if it was male, female, or anything in between, nor if it had ever even been a true living being in the first place. Looking at it did make the Fallen King think of the undead, except there was no death energy anywhere to be seen… and even the undead would die when exposed to desolation.

“Ree?” Sylphie asked, now incredibly serious. The aura that blanketed the horizon was unsettling and powerful, yet also somehow hollow. It felt like it shouldn’t be able to exist, and yet it did. She felt it as well as he did,

“That remains yet undecided,” the Fallen King said, unable to determine how this encounter would play out. Perhaps it was because of the nature of the creature, but he didn’t feel any hostility from the creature. On the other hand, he fully expected it to be an enemy.

By now, it was pretty damn clear this was some kind of setup. As for who was behind it, the Fallen King had no way of knowing, though he had his suspects, and all he knew was that the situation was incredibly perilous. When he used Identify on the creature, it only made things worse.

[Desolate Child of Loss – lvl 306]

Its level was higher than expected and put pressure on the Fallen King, especially because he couldn’t get a full reading on just how powerful this foe was. Sylphie had also identified the approaching creature and was ready to act at a moment’s notice, showing the same level of uncertainty.

The creature known as the Desolate Child of Loss had also spotted them floating in front of the Prima Vessel. It continued to walk forward, its aura spreading with every footfall as the already torn-up plains surrounding the Vessel were drained of all light and life.

Many theories had been made about what kind of creature they were dealing with, and the Fallen King had even suspected it could be a Unique Lifeform. It was confirmed it wasn’t now, as the King would have felt it if it was, which made the second possibility far more probable: it was a living calamity. A creature without any intelligence but only an instinct to carry out its innate wall, this one seemingly striving to turn the entire world desolate.

As the creature got closer, the Fallen King was ready to strike as words would only be a waste of time… as he was proven entirely wrong, and the Desolate Child of Loss not only stopped approaching but proved itself capable of communication.

“You strong. Both of you… but no Guardian?” a voice echoed in a whispering voice as the creature opened its mouth and spoke, its very words sending out waves of desolation. It was two short sentences if you could even call them that, but enough proof it wasn’t some dumb monster. This complicated things and made the King suspect that this was perhaps not this creature being manipulated and used as a weapon. Instead, it was the perpetrator or at least willingly working with them.

“You speak as if you did not know we would be here. That you were not called here specifically to deal with us,” the Fallen King infused his telepathic message with energy, partly to reach the Desolate Child of Loss in the distance and partly to exude power.

“I called, they answered, now I’m here,” the creature simply said, proving that even if it could speak, it wasn’t in a highly complex fashion. “I only see you now.”

The theory that this Desolate Child of Loss had been the schemer behind this all and wasn’t just being used became less and less probable. Which only led to more problems, but also possibilities. Because if it wasn’t here explicitly to fight them…

“If we only see each other now, then you are being used. Exploited. We do not wish to be your enemy,” the Fallen King said. Even if they had to one day fight this creature, now wasn’t a good time.

“Enemy? No… why enemy?” the Desolate Child of Loss asked, seemingly confused. “I… am not enemy.”

A somewhat comforting answer if the Fallen King said so himself, and he kept trying to press on as this creature seemed rather willing to communicate. “I cannot confirm it, but the one who used you is likely someone named Ell’Hakan. He may have called himself other things, like the Celestial Child or Chosen of Yip of Yore, and he is your true enemy if he is indeed behind this.”

The Desolate Child of Loss tilted its head at the King’s words and responded. “No. How could? I am… I.”

It was an answer that made no sense, making the Fallen King try again. “Have you met him? Ell’Hakan?”

“No… yes… always… never…” the creature kept speaking in tongues. “I meet you now. But not same.”

Things weren’t really progressing, and as the Fallen King saw the desolation continue to spread all around the Desolate Child of Loss, he believed it was time to wrap this up. For a very brief second, the King even considered asking this creature to help them teleport home, as it clearly had a way to access and use the Vessels, but decided against that as he didn’t want to risk more than he had to. Seeing as this planet had a single small moon… yeah, hiding out there for now was better.

Communicating his thoughts to Sylphie, the bird was surprisingly receptive to the idea, and the Fallen King prepared for them to make their exit.

“We do not wish to disturb your Path. Continue on, and we shall take our leave, not getting in your way,” the Unique Lifeform said, trying to be as polite as possible to not get into a fight.

“But… why? I… am no enemy,” the Desolate Child of Loss asked, sounding… hurt? Was it sad they were leaving?

“We are not your enemies, no, and you are not ours either, so let us part now on good terms and meet again in the future,” the Fallen King said, trying to find a way to sound sympathetic while also still insisting on leaving.

 “Stay… better,” the creature said as it, for the first time since it stopped, took a step forward. “I help you.”

If you come across this story on Amazon, it's taken without permission from the author. Report it.

Sylphie instantly warned the King, and the Unique Lifeform knew but still tried to avoid a fight. “We are not enemies. We do not need to battle. Let us leave.”

“No battle… only help,” the Desolate Child of Loss said, looking up at them with its blank, entirely white pupils. “I return you home. Save you.”

The Fallen King had a solid feeling their definitions of home had minimal overlap and began to back up, speaking no matter how inevitable this situation felt. “We return home ourselves. We need no help.”

For a second, the Desolate Child of Loss seemed perplexed as it stopped, stared, and tilted its head. “I help. You be saved, go home, no choice. Better.”

Raising its foot, the creature took another step forward, and with it, a wave of desolation was pushed forward like a poisonous cloud seeking to eradicate everything. The Fallen King and Sylphie reacted in tandem as they retreated and exploded with power to create a buffer between themselves and the spreading desolation.

They hadn’t planned on fighting this Desolate Child of Loss… but that didn’t mean they weren’t willing to fight if it came down to it. Even if they were out-leveled and dealt with a powerful unknown enemy, they were still pinnacle creatures of the multiverse. No one had ever said this was a fight they couldn’t win, just that there was little to be gained from having it now while knowing nothing of what they were dealing with.

The Desolate Child of Loss kept simply walking forward, not in the mood to speak anymore as it gradually sped up. The Fallen King was confused as to how until he noticed… the very concept of space was breaking down in front of the creature. It wasn’t getting faster; what stopped it from going fast was simply disappearing.

Sylphie had already made good distance, being the faster of the two by far. Desolation washed over the Fallen King as he was floating in the air, his barrier slowly being eroded by the energies. The Desolate Child of Loss looked toward the Fallen King and stepped down one more time, disappearing entirely.

It appeared right in front of the Fallen King and merely swept its hand upwards, a torrent of desolation blasting into the Fallen King and making his barrier fade away for a moment before it was quickly re-established.

Counterattacking, the Unique Lifeform raised his ivory clawed hand and released a blast of force into the Desolate Child of Loss, the creature stumbling back as the Fallen King noted that the vast majority of his attack was turned desolate before it even had a chance to hit his opponent.

A blast of wind also descended from above, with most of it once more disappearing before it struck the creature of desolation and sent it flying down toward the ground. It stopped before fully landing and stared up at them, looking genuinely confused.

“This… okay. Just rest. Go home. Ascend.”

The Fallen King wanted to answer but didn’t get the chance as the creature shot upwards straight at him, more energy than before revolving around it. The only colors that could be seen were the faint golden energy embedded in the King’s barrier, but when it met the charging Desolate Child of Loss, it faded entirely, and the Fallen King could only try to blast his opponent away again.

A shockwave of force blasted out of the Fallen King but was entirely canceled out by the energy of desolation as the creature put a hand on the Unique Lifeform.

Instantly, the Fallen King knew the danger.

His body exploded as his boosting skill fully activated, the monochrome temporarily pushed away by a golden wave as he unleashed his power. Raising both hands, a golden beam was released, striking the Desolate Child of Loss head-on and blasting it into the distance as the King lowered his hands and assessed the damage.

A section of his chest had turned entirely gray and desolate from just a moment’s touch, and while the energy that invaded the Unique Lifeform’s body was now gone, the concept still lingered. If the Desolate Child of Loss had somehow gotten hold of the Fallen King for longer… that wouldn’t have been good.

In the distance, the creature rose from the small crater it had been pushed into, with only a few scratches on its body. Right as it rose, a green figure struck down from above, the green line of color striking the Desolate Child of Loss head-on. From the top of its head to its crotch, a cut was formed, making the creature stumble backward as its flesh opened up and its mouth opened, the jaw in two parts straight down the middle.

Yet, despite this tremendous damage, it was Sylphie who screeched out in pain. The newly opened wounds on the creature of desolation spewed out gray energy like a torrent, and Sylphie, who had struck with her wing, hit the ground hard, forming a crater as her entire right wing had turned gray and dead. Forced to act fast, Sylphie cut off her own wing before quickly flying away, not ever daring to enter her wind form while anywhere close to the Desolate Child of Loss.

“Do not touch the creature directly, ever,” the Fallen King warned the hawk as he prepared another blast to allow Sylphie her escape. She managed to get away without the Desolate Child of Loss doing anything to give chase as it just stood there, oozing out desolation from its wounds.

The blast released by the King struck the creature but barely affected it as the waves of desolation nullified the energy. Still, it stumbled back, and raising its hands, the Desolate Child of Loss forced the split flesh closed again as its thin flesh remerged once more.

“You fight. Should not.”

Raising a hand toward the sky, the Desolate Child shot a gray beam of light upwards that exploded after reaching the clouds, making said clouds disappear as a giant dome of pure desolation descended upon the King and Sylphie.

Throughout the fight, the field of monochrome had only been spreading and getting more intense, with that process now further sped up. The very presence of the creature resulted in a powerful domain that meant the longer this dragged out, the worse the situation would get.

They did have one big advantage, though.

“Hold nothing back and attack with full power; I shall do the same. Test the limits of its durability and finish this before the creature grows too strong or learns how to dodge and fight properly,” the King quickly sent to Sylphie, getting a quick mental confirmation as the bird got ready to attack again.

In the limited time they had battled this creature, one thing had become very clear: it had no idea how to fight. It didn’t even seem to have any kind of survival instinct or danger sense at all based on how it failed to react when it was struck. One could believe this was because their attacks did no damage, but the Fallen King clearly saw that what they did had an effect. Especially that powerful strike landed by Sylphie. Did it do a lot of damage? No, but it did take some, and most creatures would at least try to avoid or minimize that damage. Not the Desolate Child of Loss, though, and that was something they should exploit.

Because while it had no idea how to fight, the Fallen King and Sylphie had spent decades together in Nevermore.

Holding out an arm to each side, the Fallen King condensed two large golden hammers on chains as Sylphie flanked the Desolate Child of Loss, having activated what she called her Green Shield, which seemed to hold up remarkably well against the desolation.

Going on the offensive, the King flew toward the creature, who responded in kind. It raised a hand and released a torrent of desolation that the Fallen King quickly dodged by telekinetically moving himself out of the way before swinging the hammer into the side of his opponent.

At the same time, a condensed bullet of wind struck the Desolate Child of Loss in its side, poking a small hole and giving the King yet another opening as his second hammer smashed the creature on the side of the head, making it spin through the air.

Attacking again, the King landed two more hits before the hammers became too fragile, and he had to reform them. Sylphie also didn’t let up, most of her attacks striking from behind, tearing up the creature’s body with blow after blow.

Yet with every attack they landed, the desolation in their surroundings only intensified, and eventually, the Fallen King and Sylphie were forced to retreat away from the Desolate Child of Loss as the strain got too bad. It was as if the creature was a bag of poison gas with a bit of it released every time they struck it, but luckily, this domain didn’t seem to follow the creature as it quickly gave chase.

“This battle will not be short… let us hit and run while attempting to stay out of the epicenter of its domain as much as possible,” the King said. Sylphie agreed though the Unique Lifeform felt her uncertainty. Understandably so… because despite all they had done to the creature, it looked barely affected by anything but just kept coming at them, seemingly with no sense of self-preservation at all.




***
Chapter 980: Durability Test


***






Back on Earth at Jake’s lodge, more information came in from both William and Arnold, with Sylphie also sending a bit, which only made Jake more and more determined.

”I told you I’m going,” Jake said in a harsh tone, refusing to hear otherwise as he prepared to storm out of his lodge and straight to Arnold’s teleporter to take him to the planet where the Fallen King and Sylphie currently were in the midst of fighting.

“No, you are not,” Miranda said in an even harsher tone as she stepped in front of Jake, blocking the door.

“Yes, I fucking am,” Jake said, clenched his fists. “We have no idea what’s truly going on over there, and I’ll-“

“That’s exactly why you’re not going,” Miranda interrupted Jake, looking him straight in the eyes. “Take just one moment to actually think for once. We have no information. All we know is that there is some kind of plot that trapped the two of them on the planet, and now, apparently, this “I” creature is there… an entity we know is incredibly dangerous due to your own testimony. And you want to just head there like a headless chicken?”

Jake wanted to defend himself, but Vesperia quickly also spoke up. “I concur with the verdant witch. This is obviously a trap, and that is clear to all. Moreover, it’s difficult to believe it’s coincidental this happened while you are still injured.”

“What she said,” Miranda jumped in again. “Even if we assume they didn’t know you were injured, that just makes it all worse. They are clearly aware we can teleport to other planets, which can only mean they expected some kind of support to arrive. If you show up injured while they expect you at all power… do I need to say more?”

William, who really wasn’t part of the conversation, stood uncomfortably in the corner, though from the look on his face, he clearly also thought heading to help the Fallen King and Sylphie would be questionable.

Still…

“I don’t need to go alone,” Jake insisted. “Even if the Sword Saint isn’t here to help… if Arnold, Vesperia, Eron, and Sandy all come with me, I’m sure that we could handle anything they have to throw at us.”

“In the current moment of time, we are sure of nothing,” Vesperia sighed. “I also wish to go and assist them, but the risk is simply too high. If they are in a situation where the two of them can’t escape, all of us going there will do is put more lives at risk… more accurately, the lives of those among us who are not skilled at escape. I simply cannot take such a risk as a True Royal and the last of my line… nor can I in good conscious agree you go as my Sire.”

“To add… I don’t think you can convince Arnold to go even if you tried… but we could look into Sandy going alone, as they should be able to get away, though everything is always risky when it comes to the concept of desolation,” Miranda said, deep in thought.

Jake really didn’t like the thought of just sending someone and not going with them. Especially when they were dealing with something like desolation. No matter what, though… they needed to act fast if they wanted to offer any kind of assistance whatsoever.

“Alright,” Jake said, looking serious. “Here’s the plan. I go together with Sandy and Eron inside of Sandy’s stomach to not expose myself. Our goal is only extraction, not fighting, and if things get too dangerous, I know Sandy has a way to survive… but I doubt even a peak C-grade would be able to stop Sandy if Sandy really wanted to run. If all else fails, I still have one more hidden card to play.”

Miranda and Vesperia didn’t look happy with what Jake said, but he wasn’t the kind of person who could just sit still and do nothing while Sylphie and the Fallen King were under attack.

Seeing how determined Jake looked, the two women relented, and Miranda sent a few quick messages, with Vesperia sighing. “Come back safe and be careful, alright? Your life takes priority over everyone else’s, so if it truly comes to it, you must-“

“Stop,” Jake said, raising a hand. “I’m not gonna abandon any of my friends or family as long as I’m still breathing. No arguments. And right now, I’m pretty damn sure I’m still drawing breath.”

Vesperia looked like she wanted to comment but ended up just nodding. Miranda seemed done sending messages and looked at Jake. “Head to the teleporter now. Sandy and Arnold will be waiting there, and I also got a message Eron agreed to help and is heading there, as he also wants to observe this creature of desolation more closely. And, no matter what you say, do be careful. The Fallen King and Sylphie are both powerful in their own rights, and we’re not even sure they need anything more than a lift back to Earth.”

“Let’s hope that’s the case,” Jake said, heading out the door with Miranda having moved out of the way. William looked hesitant for a moment before coming along with Jake, speaking on the way.

“I should be able to increase the accuracy of the teleportation slightly,” he said in a careful tone, keeping up with Jake, who entered stealth while running, the karma mage doing the same thing as he switched to telepathy. “I tried hard to figure out who is behind this, and I did feel a connection to Ell’Hakan from the one we captured, not nothing definitive. The connection felt odd, warped, a bit akin to the other Chosen’s own planet… I guess what I’m trying to say is that I don’t think Ell’Hakan is directly involved with this entire thing. Some karmic remnants of his influence do still linger, though. That’s all I can really tell at this moment.”

Jake looked at the karmic mage for a moment and considered what he said. He also considered that William offered to help with the teleportation, but no matter how much William kept trying to prove himself, Jake still couldn’t bring himself to fully trust the guy. So having him potentially affect the teleportation…

“How about you come along with Sandy and me to check out this creature yourself? Then maybe you can get a better understanding of any links to Ell’Hakan or other enemies it might have,” Jake offered, in part to keep an eye on the guy and in part because he really wanted to know if Ell’Hakan was actually involved. The guy hadn’t made any outright hostile moves in a while, and with the Fangs of Man theater Jake pulled off, this timing was very odd if Ell’Hakan was the schemer who’d planned it.

“If you’re fine with that, I will… I did consider asking, but I assumed you would reject,” William said, his answer not sounding like a guy who had planned to do anything shady.

The two of them kept sprinting to the teleporter, as Jake could only hope this entire rush was entirely in vain and that Sylphie and the Fallen King already had the situation fully handled and were just happy to get a ride home… though his intuition wasn’t very comforting.

The Fallen King had battled many creatures during his life, especially while inside Nevermore. Quite a few unique ones, too, including, of course, two Unique Lifeforms in Minaga and the Ashen Devourier. Unique Lifeforms were known as very powerful but limited creatures… but this Desolate Child of Loss was by far the most limited the King had ever seen. At least, he believed it was, based on how it fought so far.

The tale has been stolen; if detected on Amazon, report the violation.

Despite the progression of the fight and the constant damage the creature took from the continuous attacks of the King and Sylphie, it had yet to use a single skill. At least there were no apparent usages of skills. Its fighting style was just to take hits head-on without reacting while shooting out waves of desolation from its limbs and body while sometimes haphazardly lashing out.

However, more frustrating than anything was one simple fact he and Sylphie reached after they had been fighting for around seven or eight minutes:

They were losing despite how everything looked.

Swinging his golden hammers, the Desolate Child of Loss was struck from below and sent flying into the air as a crescent wave of wind left a cut on the shoulder of the creature, sending it spinning. Yet it quickly stabilized and waved its hand to release a cloud of desolation toward them, forcing them to retreat.

They couldn’t back off for too long, though, as the King attacked again, shooting beams of golden force while Sylphie continued with her cutting wind. Both of them were heavily limited in what attacks they could use, Sylphie more so than the Fallen King, as she couldn’t do her usual drive-by and charging attacks. In a brief moment of testing, she also confirmed that entering her wind form was borderline akin to assisted suicide as it would kill her in minutes within the domain of desolation constantly released by the Desolate Child of Loss.

Attacks such as big whirlwinds were also out of the question, and Sylphie’s Authority was entirely useless as there was no wind for her to command. The Fallen King’s usual blasts of force were also nearly entirely useless, and many of his soul attacks just didn’t reach the creature but were made desolate before taking effect. The desolation was affecting everything. The environment, Sylphie and the Fallen King, their magic and concepts, and most certainly the Desolate Child of Loss itself. Nothing was left untouched.

And, truly, that was the crux of why, despite the Desolate Child of Loss being constantly on the back foot and not having landed a single blow aside from the one touch on the King and Sylphie’s wing, the two of them were still losing.

It was a slow loss. Subtle. Insidious. The desolation wormed its way in to affect the two of them, even without them noticing. Healing desolation also took far more energy than other wounds. Being injured with the concept of desolation did not cause permanent or even semi-permanent damage immediately, but the mere fact it had the possibility of turning permanent was what made it so dangerous.

If a wound infected with the concept of desolation was left long enough, it would also make the Soulshape desolate until it passed a certain threshold of no return, at which point the damage would be semi-permanent, only fixable by evolution or someone extremely powerful interfering. Someone capable of fully eliminating the concept of desolation and reshaping the soul of the injured.

All of this is to say that he and Sylphie had to spend exorbitant amounts of energy to keep the desolation at bay while also attacking a foe that was barely affected by their attacks from the looks of it. Again, the King could see they did damage, and it was reasonable to conclude the Desolate Child of Loss would die at some point if they just kept attacking… but he had no way to determine when that would be, and it was a gamble they were unwilling to take the creature would drop dead before them.

Alternatives were already being discussed, and soon, it appeared a good plan was found.

The Fallen King received a telepathic message from Sylphie, informing him that help was on the way in the form of Jake, the healer from the Dao Sect, and the cosmic worm. It shouldn’t come as a surprise that the King and Sylphie had already discussed running, but both had been reluctant due to their innately prideful natures. They both wanted to see if they could win and only run if it became absolutely certain they couldn’t… at least not without doing something very extreme with long-lasting consequences.

“How long till they get here? In rough estimates?” the Fallen King asked.

“Ree,” she sent back, naturally not knowing… all that was clear was that they wouldn’t make it in time if this status quo kept going. They would definitely take over an hour as they would appear outside the atmosphere, and even with Sandy’s speed, it took time to arrive on the surface.

“We will need to make a tactical retreat and meet them closer to the edge of the atmosphere,” the Fallen King said, the bird in quick agreement as she unleashed a dozen air bullets, making the Desolate Child of Loss stumble with a few more small holes in its body.

Now the question just was… were they running only to escape or to turn the situation around once assistance arrived? Jake was weakened, yes, but even in his weakened state he should still be powerful. Dependent on how much the two of them were losing, there was a good chance they could win with not only Jake to help with powerful ranged attacks but also Eron, an extremely powerful healer who could alleviate many of their endurance-related challenges.

Sylphie clearly also had these considerations and asked the Fallen King what he wanted to do, and after a moment of consideration, he reached a conclusion.

“Let us see exactly how durable this creature is… if nothing else, it should buy us time to retreat,” the Fallen King said. Sylphie didn’t take long to agree. If they dragged things out longer, it would become too risky to try anything as they wouldn’t have enough resources available if they had to retreat afterward, so now was the best time to strike.

Down on the ground, where the Fallen King and Sylphie had just launched the Desolate Child of Loss, the creature rose and began floating upwards once more, remaining entirely unbothered by the accumulating damage on its body.

If the creature truly didn’t wish to try and dodge… he and the Sylphian Hawk would show the limits of their offensive might.

The Fallen King gathered his power as the golden veins all over his body began to light up, overpowering the monochrome world. Holding out his hands to both sides, the claws turned from ivory into pure gold as he infused them with more and more power. Soul-destroying light revolved around them as the King prepared to move, just as Sylphie struck first.

Unleashing her energy and will, the Fallen King felt the wind whisk past him despite the desolation. It came from all directions as Sylphie was pulling in the wind affinity energy from outside the sphere of influence of the Desolate Child of Loss. The creature that was floating upwards just stared at her as the otherwise unseen wind began to turn green, and the attack was unleashed.

A torrent of wind, even surpassing what had slain the Twinhead Emperor, barrelled down, and despite being weakened by the desolation, it struck hard. The creature once more didn’t react as it was struck, the initial blast tearing off some of its skin and leaving small cuts all over its body as it was blasted downwards.

Soil and stone were thrown everywhere as the torrent kept going, and the King made his move. It seemed foolish, but the bird told him he could, so the Fallen King dove straight into the windstorm, only to have it all whisk harmlessly by him as the Unique Lifeform could only admire the bird’s control over her Authority.

Not that he wished to see himself outdone.

The skin and flesh were getting torn off the Desolate Child of Loss as it was unable to move while getting blasted into the ground, allowing the Fallen King to hold nothing back.

Smashing his first Golden Claw down, the soul-destroying light temporarily bathed the world golden before it faded to colorless once more. A second strike arrived a moment after, and another flash of gold lit up the area, followed by a third a moment later.

The Fallen King kept striking down, each strike tearing apart not only the body of the Desolate Child of Loss but its very soul. Fragments of bone began being torn off, as the Fallen King’s ivory claws also began to deteriorate; his body bathed in desolation as he kept striking, every hit a Golden Claw that could usually instantly kill even monsters higher level than himself.

Soon, the wind slowed down, and the Fallen King also had to retreat before the desolation could affect him too much. So much of it had been released as they kept attacking, which was only more evidence they had done significant damage.

Attending to himself, the Fallen King saw the Desolate Child of Loss lay unmoving, its body broken in several places, with many of its bones torn off and missing, with one of its arms and a leg even lying a bit away.

As a final farewell, Sylphie gathered the rest of her wind and unleashed it as a cutting crescent wind blade that hit the unresponsive creature right in the neck, severing its head, with the following explosion sending the two body parts flying in separate directions.

The Fallen King had retreated a bit away by now and was healing himself before the desolation could take hold, and a tired Sylphie also stared down at their handiwork. For a moment, the Fallen King thought that perhaps they indeed did only need a bit of help getting back to Earth… but there was one big problem.

No kill notification… and the desolation all around them seemed to only intensify in power.

Then, the King saw movement as a headless figure with half its limbs missing rose from the ground, and a voice echoed throughout.

“I… not like fight… but… you… resist… you… enemy?”




***
Chapter 981: A Perilous Escape From Desolation


***






It was an unsettling sentiment.

The mere thought that this entire time, the Desolate Child hadn’t truly considered them an enemy or been fighting back simply didn’t make any logical sense. But, on the other hand… there had never been any killing intent. Never been any true effort.

It felt like the creature was just carrying out a regular everyday task. That killing the two of them wasn’t an act of aggression but just something that had to be done.

Meanwhile, the Fallen King and Sylphie had both gone all out to try and end the Desolate Child of Loss, yet their efforts appeared to have been in vain. The creature had risen once more, and the two of them quickly exchanged telepathic messages. They shared the same opinion of what their next best step would be, as both shot toward the sky to make distance from the creature.

Below, the creature’s severed body parts, including the head, all turned to gray dust as this dust flowed toward the Desolate Child of Loss and reformed its body. Its voice echoed yet again, the King feeling his flying speed slowing down from the mounting pressure of the desolation domain.

”You… try stop I… from helping… that… makes you enemy.”

The Fallen King didn’t even bother responding as he tried to fly faster, the Sylphian Hawk already well ahead of him due to her far higher speed.

”Enemies… must not exist.”

A sense of danger washed over the Fallen King as he quickly spun around in mid-air and saw the Desolate Child of Loss hold out its newly reformed arm to one side as the desolation gathered and was made solid. A long, simple gray stick with a sharpening tip that barely qualified as a spear was formed, but the Unique Lifeform knew that appearances were very deceiving.

Raising its other hand toward the King, he wasn’t sure what to expect, as he should be too far away for anything to reach him...

Oh, how wrong he was.

In an instant, the golden glow on his body faded as everything around him and even his own body turned entirely black and white. The desolation gathered at an unprecedented speed, and the Fallen King stopped making progress as the telekinetic magic he used to move himself was utterly suppressed.

All concepts in his immediate surroundings had been made desolate. Below, the creature raised its spear as it launched upwards, faster than ever before, as now it was no longer simply sauntering around. Raising his ivory claws, the Fallen King released his energy and released a Golden Claw, dispersing the field of pure desolation that had kept him confined as he also tried to counter the charging Desolate Child of Loss.

A second Golden Claw impacted the tip of the spear, launching golden sparks everywhere as the Fallen King managed to launch himself upwards from the impact, a hole now formed in his ivory claw that rapidly began to turn gray.

Raising his hand again, he didn’t hesitate as the entire claw burned golden once more, and a third and even more powerful claw attack swept downward, creating some more space. The power of the skill had not only served as an attack but also pushed out the energy of desolation in the claw, and the King was glad his natural weapons were incredibly durable in the first place… however, minor cracks had formed all over it now, and he knew blocking a second hit directly like that wasn’t an option.

Sylphie also realized the King was in trouble and tried to help as she shot down condensed wind bullets, making the Desolate Child of Loss do another first. Two, in fact. It not only dodged some of the bullets but raised a hand as dense desolation blocked another few, all while it kept flying toward the Unique Lifeform, who was blasting himself upward with as much speed as he possibly could.

However, the Desolate Child of Loss was too fast and soon caught up to the Fallen King, who was forced to defend himself against the spear as best he could. The only lucky thing was that despite the creature now actually fighting, it still wasn’t very good at it. It only used simple stabs and had little variance to its attack pattern… but with how powerful it was and with how weakened everything else around it was, this was incredibly dangerous in its own right.

Still, it gave the King what little leeway he needed to continue retreat with Sylphie’s assistance. Not entirely unscathed, though. The desolation was naturally still seeping into him from all sides, and the attacks that struck him only made matters worse as time was rapidly running out.

After deflecting the spear yet another time while avoiding the sharpened tip, the Fallen King was forced to consume a Soul Marble – the unique item he could summon to temporarily boost his soul and even serve as a pseudo-rejuvenation potion – allowing him to launch a nasty golden blast go grant him some more distance, even if it put a strain on his soul.

He was running out of cards, and he knew it. Sylphie tried what she could, as cutting blades of wind forced the Desolate Child of Loss back a few times, but the creature hadn’t lost its tendency to simply endure attacks despite actually fighting now. The difference was that it now only took blows strategically, even if its strategy was still rudimentary at best.

As the fight continued, they got further and further up into the sky, the desolation dispersing all the clouds as the domain followed the Desolate Child of Loss, and what few beasts or monsters they met on the way that hadn’t known to escape died nearly instantly the moment desolation took hold. As they were flying fast, the domain at least still took time to form wherever they went, which allowed Sylphie to escape its influence occasionally, only diving back in to help the King.

With the creature chasing, the Unique Lifeform had no chance of also escaping the domain but simply had to endure it. However, he knew he would need to get out of it if he could, as that would allow him to travel far faster… and any shot at making it anywhere close to the upper layers of the sky required that to happen.

A massive waste, but there is no other choice.

The Fallen King did something he would very much have wanted to avoid, but unless he wanted to use his unique skill, this was the only other choice he saw. Spreading out his arms, more Soul Marbles appeared as the Unique Lifeform summoned nearly a thousand of them at once, each giving off a golden color that managed to resist the desolation.

With a mental command, the Fallen King detonated several years’ worth of work, and, for a moment, a golden sheen dominated the desolation as the world was colored yellow and the Desolate Child of Loss was blasted downwards, as the King allowed the waves of gold to wash over him as he was pushed upwards. His soul was injured when he detonated that many, but the golden waves had a healing effect on him, effectively canceling out the damage he had just done to himself. The blast hadn’t done any real damage to the Desolate Child of Loss either, as the Soul Marbles weren’t designed to do that, but they had managed to create some space between the two.

Taking advantage of the opportunity created by his wasteful action, the Fallen King shot upwards and soon was finally free of desolation as he entered a world with more colors than monochrome or gold. Sylphie was ready there, and a powerful wind swept up the Fallen King and helped him fly even faster as the two of them sped toward the starry sky above.

Below, the Desolate Child of Loss finally broke through the golden waves of pure soul energy that had suppressed it and saw that the Fallen King and Sylphie had gotten out of its domain. The two of them were hoping this would make the creature give up its chase and just return to the Prima Vessel… but once again, they were not very lucky that day.

Without any real hesitation, the creature chased. With the Fallen King out of the domain, he was a lot faster, but the Desolate Child of Loss still slightly outpaced the two of them. Sylphie was fast enough to escape on her own, but the Fallen King simply wasn’t a speed-focused entity. Neither was the Desolate Child of Loss, but it had several levels on the King and its overpowered concept that allowed it to simply ignore everything, such as air resistance or any kind of resistance from the environment, including even parts of the space affinity.

All they could do for now was buy time and try to maintain distance. They also had to consider that desolation continued to linger within their bodies, and they had to stop at some point to address it before it had time to truly take hold. It was akin to an incredibly difficult-to-cleanse poison, and merely using vital energy while fighting was not enough to fully get rid of the concept. A good period of meditation to really cleanse oneself or a very skilled healer was needed… but right now, neither of those were options, and the more time passed, the more difficult all of this would be to heal.

Minutes passed as the Fallen King and Sylphie kept flying as fast as they could, Sylphie even trying to slow down their chaser a few times, but to no avail. It was slowly closing in, though they still had some time left to go before the domain reached them. When that happened, they would be in trouble, and the Fallen King could only begin to consider their options.

Looking at the bird trying to help him, the Fallen King didn’t take long to decide. If he had to, he-

“Ree,” Sylphie sent, interrupting the King’s thoughts with a single message of hope:

Help was right around the corner, and they only had to hold on for a little longer. As for the King’s prior thoughts of trying to fight and kill the Desolate Child of Loss today… he didn’t even see that as an option worth considering anymore.

At the edge of the atmosphere of the planet, a giant worm broke through as it descended at high speed, entirely ignoring whatever natural defenses a planet usually had, as they didn’t stand a chance at impeding the path of a Genesis Cosmic Worm.

Within its stomach, it carried a few people, including the three who had come to try and help the Fallen King and Sylphie.

To call Jake impatient was an understatement. Sandy also knew this and hurried as much as they possibly could, their mood not as jovial as usual. They were incredibly serious, and Jake also understood why.

He had banked on Sandy’s overpowered revival skill, allowing them to escape even if things got too hairy by hiding inside the worm’s stomach, but things weren’t that easy. The Lord Protector had warned his Chosen about certain dangerous things that Sandy had to avoid even with the skill, as they could leave wounds even a revival would not heal… and desolation was right toward the top of that list.

Jake knew that dragging Eron and William along was pretty much risking their lives, and in truth, he was surprised Eron had even volunteered. He was also incredibly wary of desolation, which was actually likely the main reason why he chose to participate. He was always keen on making up for his shortcomings, and to see a C-grade creature capable of using desolation was a great opportunity.

William wasn’t someone Jake cared as much about, but he still didn’t like the feeling of putting someone else’s life at risk in this fashion. Sure, he hated the thought of risking the karma mage fucking up the teleportation more than that, but now that he had proven he hadn’t tried to do that, and there were no clues he was going to try anything shady, Jake did feel a little bad. Only a tiny bit, though.

He did also give credit where credit was due, and the former psychopath metal mage had been quite helpful while teleporting, ensuring they had appeared right above the Prima Vessel and no more than a minute’s flight from the outer edge of the atmosphere.

Jake had naturally confirmed this immediately post-teleport as he could feel Sylphie beneath him. She was flying up toward them while they were flying toward Sylphie and the Fallen King. As time passed, they rapidly closed in on each other, and Jake stayed in constant contact as he got vague messages from Sylphie. The Union Oath did not allow full communication, just vague emotions and images being sent alongside location tracking… but what he felt from Sylphie was enough to put him on edge, and he had to hold himself back from rushing Sandy. He knew the worm was already going as fast as they could.

Every passing second was excruciating as Jake felt them getting closer and closer, but as they got really close, the cosmic worm had some bad news.

“I will tell you already now that I can’t swallow them if they are filled with too much desolation; the absorption process will be too difficult, and it’s too dangerous to have them in here if my guess of their current state is true. They don’t need to be entirely healed, but they need to not be leaking,” Sandy said, not happy about having to deliver this message.

“I will try to cleanse them quickly. Once sufficiently healed, bring us back immediately,” Eron said in a serious tone as he looked over at Jake. “I will naturally need some time.”

Jake nodded, and William also looked at the two of them. “I can help a little… but I doubt my karmic magic will even work, and my metal manipulation doesn’t seem like it would work well when dealing with desolation.”

“Barely anything deals well with desolation,” Jake sighed as he prepared himself, an arrow already fully constructed within his quiver and ready to go.

The Fallen King struggled as Sylphie kept the Desolate Child of Loss at bay for a moment, allowing the Unique Lifeform to get a bit more distance without being attacked. He could only get so far, though. A few minutes ago, he had once again been caught by the domain of desolation, and from there, it had become an even harder struggle than before. The creature had been overly aggressive, manipulating the desolation far more actively to try and kill the Fallen King.

To help, Sylphie had fought the powerful creature off a few times, taking injuries and being forced into the desolation. The King was thankful and embarrassed he needed the help, but he had no time to think such thoughts. All he could think about was to keep moving forward as quickly as possible… until finally he saw it.

From above, a mass of energy approached, and the monochrome was pushed away as a large arrow glowing with arcane light tore into the domain, headed straight for the Desolate Child of Loss. The creature was in the midst of attacking Sylphie, making it fail to respond properly as it got struck right in the chest and launched downward.

Sylphie quickly disengaged and flew toward the Fallen King as several more arrows arrived, flying into the domain and straight for a confused Desolate Child of Loss that was forced to defend itself, giving the Fallen King enough breathing room to once more escape the domain of desolation alongside Sylphie.

At least for a moment, before the creature quickly adapted and began chasing once more, swatting away several of the weakened arrows and even tanking a few to not slow down too much.

They continued to ascend, and soon, the Fallen King and Sylphie saw the hunter raining down arrows, the healer from the Dao Sect and metal mage at his side, standing in front of a large cosmic worm, ready to lend a hand and hopefully allow their successful escape.




***
Chapter 982: Rightful Burden


***






Jake quickly nocked another arrow to release a barrage of purely stable arrows as he bombarded the creature he had Identified as something called the Desolate Child of Loss. It definitely wasn’t the kind of name of some “normal” race or anything like that; at least, Jake didn’t think so, but neither was it a Unique Lifeform.

In truth, Jake had no idea what the fuck they were dealing with. No one seemed to, but right now, it didn’t matter as he kept attacking to buy space for Sylphie and the Fallen King, with the latter especially in need of assistance.

The Protean Arrow Jake created had been one with the express intent of getting the Desolate Child of Loss away from the two of them and was made nearly entirely of stable arcane mana, and he had even tried mixing some neurotoxins. He was fully aware that the desolation would rapidly make anything he did to the creature lose all effect, but he didn’t need it to last that long in the first place.

From the looks of it, it proved to be enough and Eron, alongside William, quickly stepped forward to help. The healer flew to meet the two being chased as William activated his boosting skill to full power right away as silver armor covered his entire body, and raising his hand, a giant shield of pure metal appeared. Runes covered it all over, the young metal mage infusing it with more and more mana as he waited for his opening.

After Jake managed to land a powerful arrow that curved to surprise the Desolate Child of Loss, the mage made the nearly five-meter-wide and more than ten meters tall tower shield float down in front of him as he punched it with his palm, launching it down toward the Desolate Child of Loss.

Assisting the mage, Jake looked down at the Desolate Child of Loss as he did something potentially risky. His eyes glowed for a moment as Primal Gaze activated, and he stared at the soul of the creature as its soul also stared back at him…

What?

Jake stumbled back, but the skill had activated way more effectively than Jake expected, the Desolate Child of Loss screaming toward the sky in pain right as its entire body froze, and the metal shield slammed into it, sending it flying down toward the upper layers of the clouds at incredible speeds as William kept channeling mana into it to push it downward.

This made the remnants of the domain of desolation closest to them slowly begin to lose power, and with the Fallen King and Sylphie fully out of it, Eron quickly made his way to them. They both looked off, their bodies having lost their usual luster, as if they hadn’t been fully colored while everything else was. Sylphie’s usual vibrant green was muted and nearly gray, while the Fallen King’s gold was just glowing white lines, and both of them practically oozed out desolation into the environment.

Eron naturally knew their situation wasn’t that good, and he held nothing back as he appeared right in front of him. “We are in a rush, and I do not have the time to be gentle, so accept the unpleasantries that are to come.”

The healer held out a hand toward each of them as his body erupted in white flames, and his voice echoed as he boosted himself beyond his usual limits, even using Words of Power to further amplify what he was about to do. “May you be purged by fire.”

With those words, the two of them erupted as white flames consumed them, and Jake finally managed to gather his thoughts properly after using Gaze as he heard Sylphie screech from the pain of Eron’s arcane affinity forcefully burning away the desolation within their bodies.

He looked down toward the creature that had inflicted the desolation and saw it had managed to finally tear apart the metal shield, pushing it down, and even as he drew his bow to keep attacking, he couldn’t help but frown.

The feeling the Desolate Child of Loss gave off when he used Gaze wasn’t really one Jake could describe easily, but if he had to, he would say its entire existence felt… wrong. Jake had used Gaze on many things throughout his life, seen many forms of souls, and been confronted with many creatures, but this one was the one that made the least sense to him.

On the one hand, it reminded him of the Yalsten Shade of Eternal Resentment he had seen back in the Treasure Hunt. That creature had been a living curse spirit made from pure curse energy and the collective consciousness of all those who had powered the curse with their negative emotions. This Desolate Child of Loss definitely had aspects of that, but as mentioned, it felt wrong.

What Jake saw also reminded him of the Ashen Devourer and even the Fallen King. There was that hint of uniqueness in there, traces of something that was truly one of a kind, yet also somehow oddly familiar. As if the creature had Records didn’t truly belong to the Desolate Child of Loss, and yet they fully did, having been transformed as the creature had become what it was now.

Finally, there was what held it all together and made this walking entity of wrongness even function. Because despite everything seeming like a mess, it was all one stable creature, fully balanced and stabilized. This was not some creature that would die within a few years if left alone, though with its Path, perhaps evolutions would be difficult, but certainly not impossible. Possibly, Jake even had it entirely wrong, and it didn’t even need to struggle to evolve… the only thing he really knew was that the creature was extraordinary.

Because the final trace, the ultimate building block that made up the Desolate Child of Loss, reminded him of something he felt was impossible to see in a C-grade:

Divinity.

Not to say the creature was a god… but it had the power of faith, and not just a little. Truthfully, Jake wasn’t at all experienced in how exactly faith worked. All he knew was that the Holy Church was the foremost users of this kind of concept and intangible energy, but he had a very hard time seeing them actively having taken part in creating something like the Desolate Child of Loss. Its entire existence seemed antithetical to what they wanted.

All Jake knew for now was that whatever he had seen when he used Primal Gaze wasn’t simple, but it did have a faint sense of feebleness to it, which was why his skill had been so effective. He didn’t know if this was due to the creature’s impossible soul or because of the concept of desolation, but in either case, it meant it wasn’t infallible.

There was just one problem with using Primal Gaze right now… Jake’s own soul was also fucked up, and having used the skill only once had already put quite a strain on him. Alongside the boosting skill Jake had active on the stable 30%, he really didn’t want to push himself too much further. Having a damaged soul and lowered resources really didn’t play well with forcibly raising those resources with a boosting skill, and he knew he couldn’t keep it up for long lest he wanted to set himself back the last few months of progress.

Releasing several arrows, Jake tried to damage the Desolate Child of Loss as he began diving downward to keep the creature away from Eron and the two people currently being healed long enough for Sandy to eat them and get the hell out of there. He also told William not to interfere anymore to allow Jake to benefit from Lone Hunter, instead having the metal mage make sure Eron could work in peace.

The creature dealt with most of Jake’s attacks pretty effortlessly but did take a few minor wounds, mainly because it seemed distracted. As they got even closer to one another, Jake entered the domain of desolation, his body already covered in Scales of the Malefic Viper, allowing him to resist it for the most part. Right as he entered, the Desolate Child suddenly stopped, Jake also stopping as this development wasn’t bad, seeing as his job was to buy time.

“You… I know you…” the Desolate Child of Loss said, looking confused at Jake.

Infusing his own voice with power to answer, Jake stood ready as he felt a powerful undercurrent of killing intent in the words despite the apparent confusion. It was as if the creature didn’t know why it knew him in the first place.

“We have never met before, so I would find it highly questionable if you claim to know me,” Jake said, wondering if perhaps it was due to the core he had eaten and was still absorbing energy and Records from – even if the process was now painfully slow.

“No… I remember… you servant… Chosen…” the Desolate Child of Loss said, seemingly trying to collect its own thoughts. Then, it seemingly all clicked in place as it raised its gaze and looked straight at Jake. “I know. You pure evil. Enemy.”

The last words were said with pure hatred as the creature stared straight at Jake, its bloodlust growing. It bent its legs slightly and pointed its spear forward, ready to pounce as it spoke one last time. “Unworthy… but must still be saved.”

Jake quickly reacted courtesy of his danger sense as the creature teleported, appearing right in front of him a fraction of a second later, stabbing for his neck. Twisting his body to the side, Jake avoided the spear and countered as two katars appeared, but found himself too slow as the creature swept a hand upwards, a torrent of pure desolation washing over Jake as his scales screamed but still held on.

Gritting his teeth, Jake went on the offensive to try and claim the momentum of battle and set his own tempo. He stabbed forward, the Desolate Child of Loss dodging while trying to counter, but Jake was one step ahead and punched it in the stomach with Eternal Hunger. The blade sunk in deep and he felt the displeasure of the Sin weapon as it didn’t even try to absorb any energy from the creature of pure desolation.

Mostly unaffected by the attack, the creature tried to strike him again, but Jake circled around his opponent, making use of his higher speed to not be caught out while staying in extremely close melee range to make the usage of its spear harder. He was fully aware none of this would be possible without his scales, as they limited the effect the domain had on him, and if he lost them, he would probably not even be able to move at half his usual speed. With them, he was still weakened, but by far less. This was definitely a big reason why the Fallen King and Sylphie had struggled so much. The desolation simply weakened everything to absurd levels, and while Jake could remain somewhat unaffected in body, his offensive might was still incredibly weak.

It didn’t help that the little neurotoxin that lingered within the Desolate Child of Loss was soon fully made desolate, allowing the creature to get even faster as it became more evenly matched with Jake, though he still managed to stay on top speed-wise. He wasn’t sure for how long, though.

Jake quickly stopped trying to deal damage entirely but went purely on the defensive. At least the creature was fully focused on Jake with hatred he had no good explanation for, giving Eron time to help Sylphie and the King.

Despite his scales, Jake couldn’t simply shrug off the desolation, as it did begin to slowly seep through and enter his body, but not faster than he could rid of it himself. He wanted to keep himself in a state where Sandy could eat him at any moment. Still, the desolation did make him get a little slower and weaker the more time passed, and soon, he didn’t even have a speed advantage.

With little choice, he did something Jake had wanted to avoid as Arcane Awakening fully activated, his body exploding with arcane energy. Jake felt like he had just set his soul on fire, and the pain was excruciating, as if he had just torn a wound open and decided to pour chili sauce on it. Still, he kept a calm head as he continued facing the creature head-on, now with a small advantage once more… but he knew he only had minutes left.

As he quickly released a Pulse of Perception to check out how the others were doing, he saw that Sylphie was already gone, having likely been eaten by Sandy, with the Fallen King still encased in flames as Eron had a worried look. William stood in front of them, also looking concerned as he had some magic circle in front of himself, seemingly doing that karmic scan or whatever he had talked about on their way there.

Jake hoped they would get shit done and be ready to move out of here very soon as Jake kept fighting. By now, he already knew he had likely set his healing back slightly, but he didn’t have much of a choice in the matter.

Another minute passed, and something Jake had dearly hoped wouldn’t happen happened. His boosting skill began to waver, and it was soon no longer able to stay active unless Jake forcibly kept it going… at which point he wasn’t just looking at setting back his healing journey but adding even more on top of it.

Just then, he received a message he hoped was that they were ready to go. However, sometimes things just didn’t work out that way.

“Hey… this isn’t good. Eron is working as hard as he can, but the desolation has already gone incredibly deep inside the Fallen King. As he is a creature that is more soul than physical body, he takes far longer to heal, and Eron doesn’t think he can get it done in any quick manner… Sandy tried to absorb him anyway into a separate stomach, but the devouring skill simply didn’t work due to the leaking desolation…” William sent Jake telepathically.

Needless to say, that was a very bad message to receive, and despite his struggles, Jake instantly sent one back.

“I can’t keep this up much longer… we need some other plan,” Jake said, a trace of panic now setting in.

Should they try to run without Sandy eating the King? No… he was too slow and couldn’t keep up. Maybe Sandy could eat Jake, and maybe they could try to drag the Fallen King somehow… no that was so dumb. His mana string wouldn’t last more than a moment under the power of the creature’s domain.

The thought of using the mask to summon the Fallen King had naturally occurred to Jake but he knew he couldn’t. Ever since he took the soul damage, the summoning function had been shaky at best, and now, with the King damaged and inflicted with desolation, it was impossible.

In the end, Jake resigned himself to doing something he had no idea what would result in. He still had some Origin Energy remaining to use, and if he-“

“Your thoughts are so easy to read,” the Fallen King’s voice echoed inside Jake’s head, and he saw through a Pulse the King was now standing up, the flames gone, and Eron having backed away toward Sandy alongside William.

A wave of relief washed over Jake as he assumed the healer had made it in time, but then, he saw the Fallen King flying straight toward him as the Unique Lifeform spoke once more.

“The desolation has gone too deep. It has taken hold and refuses to let go,” the King said, his voice melancholic. “I was too slow, too weak, and not familiar enough with the concept of desolation to adequately battle it. There is none to blame but myself… so do not risk yourself needlessly anymore.”

Jake realized what the King was doing as he protested. “I can-“

“This is my choice, my failure, and you do not have the right to bear the consequences. Only I can decide who that burden falls to... and I've already rightfully chosen,” the Fallen King cut him off as the creature landed a blast of golden force that made the Desolate Child of Loss stumble back slightly.

He wanted to protest more, but Jake didn’t get the choice as the Fallen King turned toward him and lifted his ivory claw toward its mask. The claw began to glow golden as the Fallen King infused power into the mask, the Desolate Child of Loss charging the Unique Lifeform from behind, with the King not even reacting.

Golden fractures formed all over the mask as the Fallen King clenched its claw… the mask shattering entirely, sending streams of golden light into the mask Jake was wearing. This was one of the last things Jake saw as a wave of pure golden soul force struck him, sending him flying back as his consciousness wavered and began fading away.

For a brief period, the entire domain of desolation was overpowered and suppressed, and the soul of the Fallen King burned brighter than ever before in a final golden blaze of glory as the King turned toward the reeling Desolate Child of Loss, ready to show why Unique Lifeforms were so feared all across the multiverse… especially in their final moments.




***
Chapter 983: King


***






The Fallen King watched as the hunter was blasted back and gave him a small extra push so he reached all the way to where Sandy, the metal mage, and Eron were still waiting. The healer quickly dispelled whatever desolation lingered on his body before Sandy could swallow the two of them. They had naturally been briefed on the plan and were carrying out their roles as expected.

They hadn’t been given a choice, mind you, but had simply respected the King’s decision.

Turning his attention toward what mattered more right now, the Desolate Child of Loss was clearly reeling from the blast, but as with everything else, the desolation had nullified much of the attack. Not that the Fallen King was particularly bothered, as this was the expected outcome.

Unique Lifeforms and their unique skills could also grow over time. The Fallen King usually released a singular wave of soul-destroying energy whenever he used the skill and would find himself weakened afterward. However, this time, he had severely limited the explosion itself and instead channeled the same power into his current form. He had saved it as a trump card for Nevermore that he never ended up having to use. This time, he’d used that skill and even decided to go one step further, as he did not need to worry about any kind of weakness period after the skill usage.

His soul was ablaze and would burn till there was nothing left, and when the Desolate Child of Loss tried to ignore him and go straight for Jake, whom the creature seemed to harbor illogical hatred for, it offended the King. Raising his claw, it glowed golden as the creature of desolation stopped right as it tried to fly past the Unique Lifeform.

”As of this moment, you cannot afford to focus on anything but I,” the King said and clenched his clawed fist before tossing the Desolate Child of Loss away telekinetically, the creature looking confused at what had just happened.

Raising his other claw, the Fallen King released a wave of force that blasted the creature even further back before he gave chase. Behind him, Sandy had consumed both Eron and Jake, with all of them now heading down toward the Prima Vessel.

Once more, the Desolate Child of Loss tried to chase Sandy, only pissing off the Fallen King even more as he reached out with both claws and took hold of the creature, not allowing it to move. It stared at the King, utterly befuddled as it tried to dispel his hold but was unable, the King only shaking his head at the response.

It was typical, wasn’t it? For one’s final moment to be one of epiphany.

The situation was truly odd. The Fallen King had felt his telekinetic abilities be so useless during this fight due to the desolation… but at this moment, it was the opposite. His body radiated power, and his vision was filled with gold as he clearly saw the Desolate Child of Loss before him. He saw the soul of the creature, and rather than simply grasp for the physical body, he reached for the metaphysical.

He reached out and applied his telekinetic abilities directly to the soul of the Desolate Child of Loss. Rather than tossing the physical body, he tossed the Soulshape, forcing the body along with it. And as he tried more, the King felt a sense of total control as, with both claws raised, he pulled the creature toward him.

He had no fear of the domain of desolation anymore. He allowed it to infect his soul, as he knew it would not have time to consume the King’s soul before he himself burned it to oblivion. In fact, right now, the Desolate Child was the one who screamed in pain as it was forced to endure the pressure of the King’s blazing soul.

Lashing out, the Fallen King released a golden claw, tearing up the body of the Desolate Child of Loss before following up with another. Each attack tore through both the body and soul of the creature, making it scream in pain as the King gave it no time to rest.

With every attack, the Fallen King felt the intense damage he did, but his own vessel was also rapidly deteriorating. Parts of it flaked off with every passing second, turning into golden wisps that were made into gray motes of nothingness the second they touched the desolation.

He had known this would be the case from the very beginning, and it was his choice.

Despite being overwhelmed, the Desolate Child of Loss didn’t just roll over. Finally having realized Jake was out of its reach, it attacked the King relentlessly as it exploded with desolation, trying to fight back the golden soul-destroying domain of the Fallen King.

Emphasis on trying… for despite the creature’s power, it could not suppress a Unique Lifeform burning away its very life in a final blaze of glory. It did try, though, and went on the offensive, seemingly having transferred its anger to the King rather than Jake.

It stabbed forward with its spear, the Fallen King deflecting the blow with his golden claw as he fully entered melee to allow his own domain to be the most effective. Taking injuries while fighting in close combat was inevitable for the King, but he did not care in the slightest, as he dealt out more than he was given.

Even when the spear penetrated his chest and went out of the other side, the Fallen King only used it as an opportunity to entirely tear off the head of the Desolate Child. When his one leg was severed, the King used the limb as an improvised weapon to stab into the chest of the creature before making it explode with golden force.

Despite having its body blown and torn apart several times, the creature kept simply regenerating, but this time, the King saw the entire process as he clearly saw the Desolate Child of Loss’ soul. From it, he learned something quite important.

”I realize now that your body is no more than a construct. A representation of what you once were. An idea, a faint memory. You are not truly a humanoid creature, but some mutated elemental of desolation, not that much different from the Sylphian Hawk, though far more limited. Killing your physical form thus does little more than drain your energy as you are forced to reconstruct it,” the Fallen King mused out loud, regretting not having given someone a Golden Mark so he could communicate his observations… though there was a good chance it would have burned away by now.

Reaching out and grasping the soul of the Desolate Child of Loss, he twisted as the entire arm of the creature also twisted around before getting torn off.

”It makes you a difficult foe, especially with the power of desolation protecting you at all times… but all creatures, no matter how powerful, die when their soul is extinguished. You are no different.”

A massive golden claw descended as the creature stumbled, having large parts of its body torn off with every attack, with the King taking plenty of counters as his own body was destroyed at a rapid pace.

”My original intent was to buy time… to allow their escape in time, believing myself chanceless,” the Fallen King said, all this talking more to himself than the Desolate Child of Loss, who didn’t seem to have the mental faculties to properly comprehend what he was saying.

If you spot this story on Amazon, know that it has been stolen. Report the violation.

”Now, I am thinking otherwise. That perhaps rather than fall on my lonesome, I shall drag another soul down with me,” the King said with determination as he reached forward and clasped his claw around the creature’s face before clenching, crushing it entirely as the body of the Desolate Child of Loss was getting more and more feeble with every time it regenerated. It simply didn’t have the time to properly temper itself, and the extreme soul damage also made the Soulshape of the creature less stable.

Not that the Fallen King was doing well. His vision flickered as he felt his soul waver, soon out of fuel, giving the Desolate Child a chance to counter, stabbing the Unique Lifeform yet again, the desolation spreading even further.

The body of the Fallen King was a mixture of bright gold and entirely monochrome sections, fighting each other until there was nothing left. The desolation would win, no doubt about it, but the King had never once done this expecting to walk away… the only question was if there would be two creatures dying that day.

Jake felt the warm flow of healing energy running through his body. The sensation was comfortable and even made him feel like he should just fall back into unconsciousness, but he quickly remembered the circumstances of how he had been knocked out in the first place.

Jolted awake, Jake opened his eyes and saw Eron staring down at him alongside a worried Sylphie. He instantly knew he was inside Sandy’s stomach, and through his sphere, he also saw William in the stomach chamber with them… but there was someone missing.

”What happ-”

”Later,” Eron interrupted him. ”For now, we need you to get us home.”

Trying to sit up, Jake could barely move, and a headache instantly struck him, but he had to stay stable despite everything swimming. Eron helped Jake up as Sandy spat them out, and they appeared right in front of the entrance to the Prima Vessel.

Sandy shrunk themselves down quickly as Eron helped Jake walk to the barrier requiring the keys of a World Leader to unlock. Throughout this walk, Jake’s mind was a mess, as if he was really drunk or extremely tired, but he managed to focus long enough to unlock the barrier and give them access to the teleportation circle.

It was all a struggle, but eventually, Jake made his application to teleport back to Earth. After it was promptly accepted, Jake was teleported back to Earth along with the others, everything still feeling like he was in the midst of some messed up lucid dream. He knew he had overdrawn his soul significantly, and he felt like taking a nap more than anything.

When he was back in safety, his consciousness wavered even more, and Eron kept healing him as he spoke.

”Rest. Now is the most crucial time to allow your soul to naturally recover or the damage will only get worse,” the healer said, the healing energies more there to calm Jake than actually help him heal.

Jake knew the man was right and did as told, allowing his waking mind to slip, as he knew he would enter sleep with a single thought still haunting him:

What had happened with the Fallen King?

The Fallen King attacked again, his blow weaker than before but still doing some damage as the Desolate Child wavered. By now, the King really felt it. If he was capable, he would have smiled at the emotion emanating from the creature as his voice echoed within the mind of his foe.

”Is this your first time experiencing fear? Knowing that death might claim you? How hypocritical… a creature of desolation fearing to be made desolate itself.”

With his telekinetic abilities, he reached out and tore off the arms of the Desolate Child before blasting a hole in its shoulder, its body so feeble now as it struggled to heal itself continually. Its soul was significantly damaged, and the King tried to damage it even more.

Reaching out yet again, the King tried to grasp the Desolate Child but found himself unable. The creature took advantage and sent a torrent of desolation toward the King, making him stumble and weaken. He wasn’t ready when he was stabbed yet again and tried to reach out, only to fumble.

Everything flickered yet again. The pain permeating the soul of the Fallen King was all-consuming as the desolation and feeling of burning his own life and soul clashed, and for a moment, a thought appeared as he questioned himself:

Why?

Why had he done something this foolish?

Sure, the desolation had been bad, but the King had been far from a state where he couldn't recover given enough time. Yet he had chosen to step forward without any real hesitation… and deep inside, he knew why.

The King had been the one who had chosen this planet. He had been the one who made the decision to teleport there in the first place. Could he have reasonably known it was a trap? Probably not, but just because this situation wasn’t his fault, it was still his responsibility.

He was, above all, a King. What kind of King couldn’t even take basic responsibility for the decisions he had made? Well… most kings across the multiverse would likely gladly sacrifice the lives of their subjects for their own benefit, but the Fallen King believed such a Path of kingship was flawed.

And he chose to believe his Path as a King was the right one, right to his final moment. His three forms of concepts had always been the foundation of his Path, and he had named the three force, gold, and soul.

Force represented the enaction of his power as a King. The forceful hand that made his will a reality and ensured his dominion even in front of his opposition. It was also what allowed him to defend his position and those who were beneath him or stood by his side.

Gold was status. In itself, the concept was what allowed him to strike not just the physical bodies of his foes but their souls, and the concept was heavily used when he used his actual kingly abilities outside of combat. It also just helped amplify everything the Fallen King did, and in some ways, it could be viewed as the color of his soul and the symbol of his power.

The final part was by far the most important.

Soul was everything. It was his dominion. What he was the King ruling over. The only thing all living creatures in the entire multiverse had in common was the fact they had souls. Some didn’t have physical bodies, some didn’t have any of the usual resources, and some were existences so foreign the mortal mind could barely understand them… but they all had souls. From the smallest level 0 critter to the most powerful of Primordials. Even the Void Gods had souls despite how foreign they were to the rest of the multiverse.

Most kings of the multiverse ruled over their own kind. A human king would rule a faction of other humans or at least humanoids. The natural nobles of the multiverse, such as the ectognamorphs with their Hive Queens, naturally ruled other insects… but the Fallen King had no kin. He was a Unique Lifeform. He had no kin that he naturally ruled.

Another interpretation of there being none that he naturally ruled was that he was made to rule everything. That he was kin with every creature that possessed a soul and what skills he had related to his title as King did reflect this.

All these thoughts swam around the King’s head as his life faded away, and he felt the attacks of the Desolate Child rain down on him. His remaining life was in the seconds… and he was to make them count, as the wisps that represented the King’s eyes glowed golden, and he caught the spear of the Desolate Child.

”Be proud of what you have accomplished today. Few can claim to have slain a Unique Lifeform… even if it cost them their life.”

Telekinetic power erupted from the half-broken claws of the King as he pulled the Desolate Child into his own shattered body and held him there in a final embrace as he prepared for his final blow.

”I… must… live!” the creature screamed, its body exploding with desolation as the Fallen King’s vision entirely faded, and yet he could only chuckle to himself.

”Then survive if you can.”

The Fallen King overloaded whatever was left of his body as he forcefully activated his unique skill one last time and turned what remained of his vessel into one last attack. Golden cracks formed all over his body, the light beaming out of them pushing away the desolation as the Desolate Child of Loss tried to get away, but there was no way the Fallen King would relinquish his grasp. A final vain thought entered his head as he remembered something Jake had once said and spoke a final time.

”No king rules forever…”

His entire body exploded as a giant blast of pure golden soul energy consumed the screaming Desolate Child of Loss as its desolation was overwhelmed, and the creature itself began to fall apart as its soul shattered and its entire body dispersed, blown into nothing but gray dust that fell and was scattered by the wind, devoid of desolation

”… long live the King…”

His voice faded away as the consciousness of the King disappeared, and the golden light in the sky dispersed. Color reentered the world once more as the sunlight shone down from above, and a faint breeze swept through the sky where not a single trace of the Fallen King or Desolate Child of Loss remained.




***
Chapter 984: After the Fall


***






The interior of the lodge was silent as a wood-like mask lay on the table in the middle of the living room. The Sword Saint, Sylphie, Miranda, William, Eron, and Sandy were all inside the room, looking at the mask.

Jake had been knocked unconscious for nearly three days after he returned from Earth, having entered what Eron described as a coma-like state to protect himself. He had strained his soul too much during the fight, resulting in his healing journey being set back by a little, but honestly, Jake didn’t care about that right now.

They had all gathered once Jake was awake, and the Sword Saint had returned from saving another planet in their galaxy. It had only been appropriate to wait for him, as the old man had spent several decades with the Unique Lifeform, and while Jake couldn’t say they had been close, they hadn’t been unfriendly either.

All of them were silent for a while until the expected blame game began, and everyone had only a single person they believed was at fault: themselves.

”I should have been able to get back faster,” the Sword Saint said in a severe tone while frowning. ”Not until it was too late did I realize how severe the situation truly was…”

”I shouldn’t have been a fucking moron and gotten myself injured. If I only I had been a condition to properly fight, I could have been the one to buy us time,” Jake also said, feeling like he was far more responsible than the Sword Saint, who hadn’t even been there.

”Ree…” Sylphie sadly let out a small screech. She was sad and angry at herself that she hadn’t been faster or stronger. That she hadn’t heard the whispers of the wind earlier and made their escape or that she hadn’t insisted on running right away when the Desolate Child of Loss had not been overtly aggressive.

Out of everyone, she was perhaps the one who blamed herself the most, as she had been there from the beginning. They had been a team going around together, taking down Prima Guardians and saving planets, and she felt like she’d let her teammate down and left him for dead.

”And I should have had better intelligence so that all this could have been prevented,” Miranda agreed and sighed. ”But blaming ourselves won’t help anything, and while I can’t say I knew the Fallen King that well, I at least knew him well enough that he would have called us all foolish for dwelling on the past and not focusing on the future.”

Jake kind of wanted to protest but kept quiet as he could almost hear the admonishing words of the Unique Lifeform that they dared waste time sitting like this together just staring at a damn mask rather than spend their time productively.

Looking at the mask, it hadn’t changed in appearance in the slighest. Then again, it hadn’t really changed ever since Jake got it. Thinking back, wasn’t this the piece of equipment he had the longest if one didn’t count his boots and necklace that he’d upgraded several times using different items? Wasn’t the mask the only thing that had remained mostly unchanged, at least when it came to its effects?

Jake couldn’t remember anything else he still had from all the way back in the tutorial which he actively used. Maybe his cauldron and bed… but they weren’t the same as something he wore on his face all the time.

Despite its lack of changes in appearance and effect, the description of the Mask of the Fallen King had undergone some changes whenever something major happened with the Unique Lifeform he originally got it from… and this time was no different as it had once more been updated.

[Mask of the Fallen King (Unique)] – A mask containing the Records and Truesoul of the Fallen King, a mighty Unique Lifeform. The mask is made of a wood-like material unique to the lifeform it comes from and it does not obstruct vision when worn and regenerates itself from any damage taken. The Truesoul and final intent of the Unique Lifeform remains within, allowing this item to continue growing as you grow in power. Enchantments: Truesoul of the Fallen King. Passively absorbs mana in the atmosphere, increasing mana recovery rate by a large amount. Increases maximum mana by 25%.

Requirements: Soulbound

He had made it so everyone could see the description as he quite honestly didn’t care to keep it a secret, and it didn’t have much in there that he believed was worth keeping hidden in the first place, even if he knew the mask – purely as a piece of equipment – surpassed even Eternal Hunger in some areas. Anything giving percentage amplifiers was incredibly rare, after all, and he knew it was only possible because of the unique nature of the mask.

As for the actual contents of the description… Jake wasn’t exactly sure what it all truly meant. He remembered the conversation he had with the Fallen King shortly after the Unique Lifeform’s resurrection and what he’d said back then.

Not even the King knew what would happen if he died with his physical body. All they both knew was that the mask contained the Truesoul of the Unique Lifeform, and it had since the very beginning. In some ways, the mask could be viewed as the ”true” body of the Fallen King, but it wasn’t as simple as that.

The mere fact Jake had gotten experience from the Fallen King the first time around meant he truly died… and this time, he had died once more. This left some hope, as Jake saw a way to once more bring the Fallen King back to life, and he even had a healer in the room who knew more about souls and healing than any other C-grade he was aware of.

Asking him was only natural, and the healer took a while before he sighed.

”All creatures in the multiverse have souls. That’s simply a law of the world… but they tend to have more than a soul. A Soulshape. An actual physical or even metaphysical body, but no matter what, they have something that exists within reality. The Unique Lifeform known as the Fallen King had neither of these… when I healed the vessel he called his body, I noticed how foreign it was to anything else, which was a big reason why I couldn’t truly heal it. The Soulshape had been created from scratch, every part of it meticulously designed and infused with what felt like parts of the Fallen King’s Truesoul, which shouldn’t be possible according to what I know,” the healer said, speaking with a higher level of uncertainty than usual.

”What I’m saying is… the Fallen King wasn’t a creature with a soul, but a soul that made itself a creature. It’s all in reverse done through what I can only describe as methods worthy of being called unique and not anything I believe regular beings could achieve.”

”Doesn’t that mean he can be healed like he was the first time around?” Jake asked with a high level of hope as he looked at the mask, not entirely understanding what Eron had said. ”Chances are his soul is just slumbering and slowly regenerating within, and given enough time, he should be back… maybe with another item like the Soul Renewal, we could resurrect him fully.”

Unauthorized content usage: if you discover this narrative on Amazon, report the violation.

Eron sighed again and continued. ”The situation was very different. I’m unaware of what led to the circumstances of the Fallen King back then, but clearly, he had prepared for his own resurrection and planted the seed for it to happen. He had transferred all the required parts of his Truesoul into the mask before his death, either on purpose or on accident… but this time, he couldn’t. He burned away all those parts.”

”But that doesn’t mean he’s not going to be able to resurrect himself given enough time. I’m sure an arrogant ass like him wouldn’t just-”

”Jake… there’s no spark,” Eron interrupted Jake with a severe look as he kept staring at the mask.

Jake opened his mouth but stopped himself as he clenched his fists. Back in the Treasure Hunt, Eron had recognized Jake’s mask was special because he sensed the faint spark burning within it. If there was none now…

Eron sensed the mood and continued talking.

”There are a lot of things we don’t know, and Unique Lifeforms are called unique for a reason. The Truesoul of the Fallen King is still sealed in the mask. Usually, when something dies, every aspect of the soul disperses except for the Truesoul which returns to the system, but the Fallen King’s Truesoul didn’t. I have never heard of someone dying without their Truesoul being reclaimed before. That’s why when truly resurrecting someone, it’s very important to act quickly, as it needs to be done before the Truesoul is reclaimed, or the resurrection will fail. Of course, there are ways to delay the Truesoul leaving, and sometimes it does linger... but not in the form of an item that can even be Soulbound,” Eron spoke, saying a lot, yet not much they didn’t already know.

”You’re saying that right now, not knowing exactly what is going on is a good thing,” the Sword Saint chimed in.

”Essentially, yes… and while I did say there is no spark, there clearly is still something in there,” the healer agreed with a nod, silence once more overtaking the lodge as Jake just kept staring at the mask. He clenched his fists and felt the pain shoot up his arms from his still weak and overburdened body.

Another bizarre thought also struck him. Before, he had never really considered it, but he would essentially be wearing the corpse of a comrade on his face. It was already a bit weird before that he was wearing the ”body” of the King, but now it had just gotten worse. Jake didn’t want to just write the King off, though. The multiverse was full of possibilities, and he did still have the mask.

Plus… the King had done something right before he knocked Jake out. Golden whisps of light had flown from the King’s mask and into Jake’s own, and nothing really explained that. Maybe it was just some final transference of energy, maybe it was a final parting gift to allow the item to keep existing, or maybe it was the Fallen King planting a small seed of faint hope… no one knew, and as the Sword Saint and Eron said, right now not knowing was a good thing.

For now, whatever hope he could find was what Jake would hold onto until he knew for certain the King had no way to ever return. Also… he had considered using his Primeval Origin abilities to see if they could help heal the King, but he truly had no idea how that would work or if it even would work. After the Palate disaster, he wasn’t just going to randomly be testing either.

If he fucked up, he could end up dispelling what hope there was by destroying the mask and sending the Truesoul back to the system. That, or perhaps he did somehow end up resurrecting a Fallen King… but not the Fallen King. Maybe he would create an entirely new Unique Lifeform sharing the same abilities as the King but without his memories and personality, and if he did that, was it truly a resurrection?

Jake didn’t believe it would be… so for now, he wouldn’t do anything stupid. In some ways, maybe his prior stupidity was a good thing in that aspect because if he hadn’t had his ”accident,” there was a good chance he would have tested his Jake Juice without much apprehension, and that could easily have ended even more disastrously than Jake merely dealing severe soul damage to himself. He already felt shitty enough over Villy suffering backlash from using his Transcendent skill, so if he had ended up effectively killing someone’s hope for resurrection, Jake wasn’t sure how he would have dealt with it.

After they all sat in silence for a while longer, Sylphie went over and picked up the mask before bringing it to Jake and putting it in his lap before looking up at him. Jake smiled and scratched her feathers as he took the mask and donned it on his face once more where it belonged.

The description said the item would continue to grow in power as Jake got more powerful… and he would be damned if he didn’t at least keep the Truesoul of the Unique Lifeform fully saturated at all times so that if he was ever brought back he couldn’t give Jake a scolding for slacking off too much. Again.

”I know this isn’t the best time to bring it up… but there is still the matter regarding the Desolate Child of Loss,” Miranda said after Jake had put on the mask, it all serving as a moment of slight catharsis.

The mood in the room instantly had a damper put on it when the creature that had caused the death of the Fallen King was mentioned. Sylphie looked angry, and Jake wasn’t happy either. He still felt weird about the creature, though.

He was used to fighting either dumb monsters with no proper sapience or intelligent opponents who knew what they were doing. The Desolate Child of Loss fell into an uncomfortable in-between. It was clearly sapient and yet not truly intelligent enough to properly comprehend why it did everything it was doing.

Jake wasn’t sure if it was even worth thinking or talking about anymore. They didn’t truly know if it was dead or alive, though, and this wasn’t a situation where not knowing was good. There was one thing that led them to even have this conversation above any other:

No kill notification.

”We can’t know if the creature survived or not,” Jake said, shaking his head. ”My intuition isn’t really giving me anything either, but my senses are a bit out of wack right now, so I’m not sure how trustworthy they are.”

Miranda nodded and looked at the metal mage who had been standing in the corner, not really part of the conversation but in the lodge because he had been part of the team that went to help the King and Sylphie and to share his insights from the trip.

”I can’t say if it’s truly dead, but what little karma I could feel before is now undetectable… again, this doesn’t mean that it’s dead, but it does at the very least mean that the creature has gotten severely weakened to a point where it isn’t conscious,” William said with a high level of certainty.

”No matter if it’s alive or dead… why did such a creature even exist?” Jake asked the karmic mage. ”It clearly hated my guts and spoke weirdly in tongues.”

”It did hate you, and its animosity toward you was extreme to a borderline impossible level, and it was clearly born already hating you… but the karmic thread wasn’t normal. It was as if the hatred wasn’t truly the creature’s but merely something it had inherited or that it had been indoctrinated into believing you were the definition of evil itself,” the mage said, frowning.

”Is Ell’Hakan involved?” Jake asked, some of his killing intent unwillingly leaking out at the mere thought of that orange fucker being part of this shit.

”Yes and no,” William said. ”This creature was connected to Ell’Hakan for sure… but I can’t really say he had any real relation to the creature. The Desolate Child of Loss’s connection to him was similar to the one it had with you. It was unnatural, and I sincerely doubt Ell’Hakan was even aware this creature existed before it began making itself known by turning planets desolate.”

”Did it also hate him?” Jake asked.

”That I couldn’t tell for sure, but it didn’t feel that way at all, and the connection it had to him was far more powerful than the one it had to you, but also far, far weirder,” William said. ”I can’t really describe it properly. The connection is there, but more from a conceptual and records perspective rather than any actual personal bond. The best way I can describe it is the connection between someone having grown up constantly hearing about someone and knowing everything about them without ever actually meeting, with the other person just someone with an unwilling fanatical mega-fan or mega-hater in your case.”

Jake listened and remained quiet as Sylphie spoke.

”Ree, ree.”

”Yeah, for sure,” Jake nodded.

Sylphie pointed out that even if Ell’Hakan wasn’t involved… someone else clearly was. Someone intelligent who had been scheming this. The planet had been a trap and the World Leader had obviously colluded with someone to teleport the Desolate Child of Loss there with impeccable timing.

Someone had caused this… and Jake would be damned if he didn’t hunt down and kill every single individual even tangentially related.

After he had some more time to recover and not be in a complete and utter shitty state, that is.




***
Chapter 985: Intelligence Work


***






Miranda hadn’t stopped her investigation into what had happened to the Fallen King and Sylphie even after the situation had seemingly been resolved. She refused to believe there weren’t more traitors on Earth, perhaps even some high up in the system. A few more administrative staff were identified over the next few weeks who had all been incredibly suspicious. Some weren’t even immigrants from other planets but natives of Earth.

Arthur took the lead in many of these investigations, as the vast majority of these people were from his prior base of supporters. The United Cities Alliance had been formed by the people who opposed the Chosen of the Malefic Viper and, in general, people who wanted to preserve Earth as it was before the system. In other words, they didn’t want any immigrants or non-humans anywhere, and rather than live with beasts in a semi-synergistic society, they would rather see them all killed. They simply refused to see them as the sapient creatures they were now.

The push of the World Council to not only allow immigrants and freed slaves to settle on Earth but even beasts to live among humans had naturally ruffled some feathers, and the recent return of the Risen had only made things even worse. While they had done much to address these people, it was hard to do anything toward people merely harboring negative thoughts or acting in the shadows.

No one wanted a society where you could get in trouble for thinking the wrong thing either, so they’d ended up with a lot of people carrying resentment and a lot of bigotry toward anyone who wasn’t a human while naturally also hating other humans who didn’t share their beliefs.

This was a problem Miranda, Arthur, the Fallen King, and the Sky Whale had discussed extensively, with the shared sentiment that nothing but time could fix these issues. The old generation had to die off and be replaced with more progressive people who weren’t used to a world before the system but what the multiverse had now become.

Anyway, insidious actors had found plenty of people to take advantage of, and many jumped at the opportunity to seemingly do meaningful damage to Jake and his allies, who were ”actively destroying the planet.”

These insidious actors naturally included allies of Ell’Hakan. Quite a lot of them, in fact. However, when looking into them, Miranda and Arthur were perplexed at some of the things they found, and with the assistance of William, they discovered everything wasn’t as simple as they looked. Rather than finding one group… they found two.

One was the agents of Ell’Hakan, who had seemingly gone into sleeper mode for the last pretty long period, likely doing nothing more than reporting things to the other Chosen while not taking any actions. A few had even gone as far as to spread rumors about what had happened actually when Ell’Hakan invaded the planet so long ago, how it had all been a misunderstanding caused due to the Order of the Malefic Viper, and some even claimed it had been a good thing as it ”opened the eyes” of the Viper’s Chosen to what his Patron truly was.

None of them did anything overtly harmful to Earth and weren’t really threats at this moment.

This all seemed to track with Ell’Hakan’s recent official stance where he no longer ran any negative propaganda campaigns toward Jake. Instead, he didn’t seem to say much about Jake at all, and what was said was neutral at worst. Truly, it did seem like he was trying to spin a tale of Jake and Ell’Hakan being enemies due to their respective Patrons and having no personal animosity toward each other… meaning that should Jake ”break free” from the Malefic Viper, they would have no reason to oppose one another. Should he join Valhal, perhaps they would even be allies.

When it came to these people who loyally served Ell’Hakan and acted according to his will, Miranda just kept an eye on them and took notes. Taking any actions would ruin their own plans. Also, keeping an eye on them while not doing anything would instead help Jake’s cause, as she was sure the people she sent weren’t all competent enough to not be discovered, and the fact that Earth’s intelligence network knew and didn’t act against his agents would certainly get back to Ell’Hakan, only further strengthening his delusion that Jake had softened his stance toward his fellow Chosen.

As for the second group, also made up of Ell’Hakan supporters, they were quite a bit… different. These people seemingly were no longer actually in contact with the other Chosen but acted entirely on their own and had made their own small groups and plans, entirely – and purposefully – separate from the true followers of Ell’Hakan.

Of course, ironically, these people believed they were the ”true” followers. As for their exact beliefs… Miranda couldn’t figure them out, and it soon became clear it wasn’t because she was shit at her job but because they truly didn’t have any collective belief outside of thinking that Ell’Hakan was some kind of godlike being and that Jake and the Viper were evil incarnate. They had a flimsy cohesion at best, and all the true fanatics were immigrants who Miranda suspected had also been immigrants on the planets they had arrived on Earth from.

These fanatics had then found allies among the natives of Earth, making wild promises that Ell’Hakan would save them all from the evil snake cult, eradicate all the beasts and monsters, and return the planet to its rightful owners: humanity. Truly, it was all bullshit and didn’t even track with what Ell’Hakan would actually do… but it was good enough to convince the desperate morons who let anger and fear of the foreign rule them over logic.

Miranda truthfully didn’t even want to get into the complexities of the delusions at play, and there was a good reason she called them fanatics. They acted illogical and with intense emotions to the level it was irrational, making her form quite a few theories she had no proof of but would certainly keep in mind. The predominant one was that Ell’Hakan had perhaps wanted to create followers with absolute loyalty and it had gone wrong somehow, and yes, the vast majority of her theories included Ell’Hakan having done something extreme with his Bloodline that had then ended up backfiring.

She would think he knew what they were up to if not for all the evidence speaking to the contrary, and while William still wasn’t the most reliable source, he had proven himself honest in all matters so far. Her view of William was a bit odd, as she naturally didn’t know him from back in the Tutorial. She had never really interacted with him or even heard about him until he came and began to actively help around Haven, which did make it hard for her to see why she had to be so damn suspicious of him all the time. Because right now, he just seemed like a kid trying to desperately make himself useful.

Then again, she did realize he had been blessed by Eversmile, been a terror and absolute psycho during Jake’s Tutorial, and even sided with Ell’Hakan afterward, again due to Eversmile. Casper and Jacob had also confirmed pretty much everything Jake had told her, making it clear she had to be wary even if he had supposedly changed. Caution was never a bad thing in her book, but she didn’t want to be overly cautious and not make use of a valuable tool due to preconceived notions either.

The young metal mage had also come by after having proven himself useful that day, having investigated a group of fanatics. They ended up not really being that problematic or worth dealing with and had only been in contact with someone they’d already gotten rid of a week ago.

Did you know this text is from a different site? Read the official version to support the creator.

”How many more of them do you estimate there are out there?” Miranda asked with a raised eyebrow. ”Of these real fanatics, that is.”

”It’s impossible to tell, at least for me,” William shook his head. ”I can see the karmic connections people have and even glean some insight here and there, but I wouldn’t call it an exact science, and we would undoubtedly catch many innocents in the net if we wanted to cast it based on people’s karmic connections.”

”What if we just limit it to the people who have been directly influenced by Ell’Hakan? Those with a direct connection to the Chosen?”  Miranda asked, these people being the most important to address.

”Easier, but we still need individual investigations,” William said after thinking a bit. ”Many high-level diplomats or World Leaders who were part of the Prima Guardian Alliance met Ell’Hakan at one point or another, but that doesn’t mean they are loyal to him. Kindroth should be proof enough of that.”

Miranda nodded and sighed, annoyed that the karma mage was right. Kindroth – also known as the Voice of the One – was still a weird figure. By now, Miranda was pretty sure he had his own plans, but clearly, those plans didn’t include helping Ell’Hakan. Quite the opposite.

Time and time again, he’d proven himself useful and even helped the investigation significantly. The elf still held a lot of sway over many of the other World Leaders and used that to try and out any dissidents. Plus, he was really good at what he did, which, more than anything, was being a conman. He even made people who usually only liked humans like him. If he had been a political opponent, Miranda would have found him frightening and she was happy he appeared to remain an ally.

Still, she kept an eye on him, even if she did believe they would remain allies for now, as their interests did seem to allign. Even if he was useful and competent, he still wasn’t as effective as William, though, as karmic magic was simply overpowered for outing spies, and it was good to have the heretic of a Primordial specialized in karmic magic on their side.

She had also considered and knew asking if using karma to look just for those Ell’Hakan had messed up with his Bloodline wasn’t possible. At least William couldn’t do anything there, as he couldn’t use his skills to track anything Bloodline-related due to how the system worked.

The problem with karmic bonds was also that while they went two ways, one side could have a far more powerful bond based on individual perception or understanding. It was honestly all a mess.

”Would you meeting directly with Ell’Hakan help your efforts? Even if you are only observing him from afar,” Miranda asked the mage, as William instantly shook his head and shut the idea down.

”I… don’t want to find out,” William said as he looked at the floor and hesitated before elaborating at least a little. ”Meeting Ell’Hakan would simply be too risky. With his Bloodline… no, I can’t risk it.”

Miranda just kept quiet, prompting Wiliam to continue on his own. “I already don’t trust most of my emotions. They still feel foreign at times, and I’m uncertain what influence of Eversmile still lingers. I’m such a fucking mess Ell’Hakan is bound to find something to take advantage of…”

“It’s alright,” Miranda just said with a smile. “Having met him myself, I can’t fault anyone not wanting to be in his vicinity.”

The mage likely had a very good point… he wasn’t suited to confront Ell’Hakan or even be in his presence, and Miranda should have known so, given his history. He had a track record of being used and manipulated, so it was only understandable he had developed some level of trauma towards someone who had a Bloodline all about manipulating the emotions of others.

It was a dangerous Bloodline to everyone. Miranda had to be extremely careful while around him, always keeping her own emotions in check, and even so, she wasn’t certain it worked. How could she be? If she felt like she hadn’t been influenced, that could easily just be because Ell’Hakan wanted her to feel that way. No, the only people Miranda knew of who had managed to remain unaffected were the Sword Saint and Arnold.

The Sword Saint because he had a mind trained with discipline and had an “old soul,” so to say. He knew himself, he knew his emotions, and he knew how to calm them in an almost meditative state, not allowing them to affect him. His mind was like a serene pond that would instantly notice if any ripples formed from outside influence. It was something Miranda admired about the man and certainly one of the biggest reasons he had come as far as he had and even managed to become a Transcendent.

Meanwhile, Arnold was Arnold.

Anyway, William left the office soon after, and before he left, they switched the topic and discussed his next job, leaving Miranda alone with her work once more as she quickly went down to the cellar beneath her office. Well, rather than a cellar, it was more like a large cavern she had Hank help construct a long time back, also making use of the coffins from the Treasure Hunt and many other natural treasures to help enhance her abilities as a witch.

She had some targets to take a look into and a few who had to meet unfortunate ends, and quite honestly, it was easier for them to simply disappear, consumed by the swamps of the Verdant Lagoon, rather than make a big show of killing them. Plus, this meant they didn’t have corpses to clean up, saving a bit on the city budget.

Miranda sat in the center of the large magic circle as the runes lit up all around her and sunk her counciousness into the land beneath her as she became one with Haven and started her little hunt.

“It truly stopped… they must have done it,” Jacob said with a smile as he looked at the map of the Milky Way. He had been keeping a close on it over the last weeks and noticed something… the spread of dead planets had stopped entirely. He’d tried to divine why already but found himself unable to.

“It can’t really be anyone but them, can it?” Bertram, who stood with him, agreed. “I just hope they’re all still fine.”

“They should be. Jake is the Chosen of the Malefic Viper, and while desolation is incredibly dangerous, it’s one of the concepts the Malefic One is incredibly potent with,” Jacob said. “Of course, nothing is certain…”

Jacob had discovered the nature of the creature a while ago through his divinations. He’d recognized the signs of desolation within his dreams and visions and realized what kind of creature it was, though he naturally didn’t know everything. He’d kept a close eye on it, but then, suddenly, it had stopped doing anything, and he could no longer divine anything regarding the creature of desolation.

Ell’Hakan had also noticed this and questioned Jacob, who’d decided not to share anything he didn’t have to. Despite having developed the teleporter that allowed him and his allies to travel to planets not even part of the Prima Guardian Alliance, he had not once shown interest in confronting the living calamity sweeping their galaxy.

Jacob had even begun to suspect this was because Ell’Hakan had something to do with this creature, but reality proved to be far more simple… he just didn’t care. He didn’t see the creature as any kind of priority. The Chosen didn’t even believe killing some unknown menace would help his discourse, as no one really knew about it, seeing as everyone who’d been terrorized by the creature of desolation was dead.

He would rather “save” more planets and have them integrated into his alliance than actually do something good, and Jacob did find it hypocritical that the “evil” snake cult Chosen and his allies ended up being the ones doing a good deed.

Speaking of good deeds…

Valhal had been quickly making a name for themselves across the galaxy, all with the support of Ell’Hakan to help spread their name and influence. The Holy Church also helped Ell’Hakan – Jacob even being there proof of that – and the Church had even hired the Court of Shadows and some mercenaries, making their progress of killing Prima Guardians even faster as they began teleporting all around the galaxy, even to planets who hadn’t asked for help.

As they stood there, looking at the map that outlined the state of their galaxy, Bertram spoke. “I can’t even begin to imagine how this all ends…”

“Neither do I,” Jacob confessed. “I do truthfully hope for a peaceful solution… one that limits needless bloodshed. We can only pray that Jake will be open to diplomacy and peace talks or at least that Miranda will push for a mostly conflict-free resolution. Perhaps Ell’Hakan will need to leave the galaxy for good, but his followers should be fine.”

“Maybe such a thing can be achieved,” Bertram shrugged. “Jake isn’t the most caring of guys, so as long as no one really close to him is killed, it should be possible to negotiate with him.”

For some reason, when Bertram said that, Jacob felt an odd premonition and a shiver run down his spine but quickly shook it off. Yeah… that wouldn’t happen, right? Because if it did… Jacob had a hard time seeing this entire galactical event end in anything but bloodshed.




***
Chapter 986: A False God & Proactive Measures


***






While the Milky Way was certainly the most action-packed galaxy of the ninety-third universe, it was still only one of countless galaxies undergoing the Prima Guardian event. Wars were happening everywhere as innumerable planets fell to the event every day, with even more overcoming what many believed to be the final system-made test for the newly integrated planets.

To many, this event was a challenge one was simply meant to overcome and a disaster for the planet due to the large number of dead innocents dealing with the armies of regular primas. However, to others, this was nothing more than an opportunity.

Massive factions made use of this time to truly stabilize themselves, using the excuse of a common threat to unite everyone under their banner if they had failed to do so earlier. It was also a great opportunity to make contact with native factions yet to fully integrate themselves with multiversal factions and bring them into the fold.

Valhal, the Holy Church, Altmar Empire, the Primordial Church, beastfolk tribes, Risen, and a vast array of divine factions gladly exploited any and all opportunities to get a foothold in the new universe, preparing for what was to come when the universe opened up to the rest of the multiverse.

To make things even better, this type of recruitment using the event even had a built-in test of sorts. The planets facing their Prima Guardian alone would only join the alliance after achieving victory, proving that they had at least some level of competency, making them worth recruiting. As for those who failed to deal with their Prima Guardians… well, that didn’t mean these were a lost cause. They just wouldn’t be claimed by factions of the enlightened races.

Because while a planet falling to the event was a disaster in the eyes of the enlightened races… it was an opportunity for the monster races. The Prima Guardian was not a creature made to rule a planet. It was not created to be the beast king that suppressed every other monster, but just a tool from the system to turn the Planetary Pylon into a Planetary Core should the enlightened fail to beat it.

Shortly after accomplishing this task, the Prima Guardian would once more go to the surface of the planet, having fulfilled its role. From there, it would wait until the system event expired, and when that happened, the Prima Vessel would disappear, reclaimed by the Seat of the Exalted Prima, and the Prima Guardian would naturally die.

However, with its role fulfilled, the Prima Guardian wasn’t sure to survive. With the event effective over, it was no longer immune to attacks from native beasts, and even its bond with the regular Primas would be severed. A system notification would be sent to all monsters, letting them know that another “event” had begun, this one aimed at them, with their goal the same as the enlightened: kill the Prima Guardian and claim the key.

The Prima Vessel would still disappear after the event was done, and these monsters wouldn’t join the Prima Guardian Alliance or anything like that… but they could qualify to also be contenders for claiming the Seat of the Exaled Prima, the same as many World Leaders of the universe.

While it wasn’t always equal, the system did tend to act fairly and not discriminate based on whether one was a monster or an enlightened. Each had its own advantages and disadvantages, and while the enlightened certainly had more system events, it was because the monsters already had the inborn natural advantages to do well during the integration, and unlike the enlightened, they had been helped along by unique items provided by the system.

Overall, the monster population of planets did tend to surpass the enlightened, with the enlightened usually only doing well due to their cohesion. Monsters were simply far worse at working together, and the mere fact the majority of major factions in the multiverse primarily consisted of enlightened races was proof of that. Even the powerful monster factions, such as the Dragonflights, were only cohesive due to all being dragons and generally all very humanoid in how they acted… and even they had plenty of internal conflicts as different variants of dragons didn’t always get along.

Factions with beasts or monsters of multiple races all working together were remarkably rare, and it was nearly only seen with the United Tribes, and even there, the name itself communicated that it was just a large alliance of many different tribes coming together to rival the truly massive factions of the multiverse.

It also had to be pointed out that most factions were totally fine with monsters joining them, though it tended to only happen in higher grades after they achieved humanoid forms. Even the Holy Church had its fair share of monsters, as even they could undergo a baptism. So, many monsters chose to just join an established faction rather than make one with other monsters.

Anyway, the result of Prima Guardians winning on planets tended to end up with it being a victory for the monsters, with the planet then turning into somewhere nearly devoid of enlightened, with the few enlightened that did happen to survive now far from being able to claim themselves the rulers, and as the generations passed, there was a good chance they would even lose contact with the rest of the multiverse unless other factions came by their planets.

Some monsters even made very sure that the enlightened were either entirely wiped out or taken control of, though.

Hives of the Endless Empire were a good example, as most actually decided to help the Prima Guardian in slaughtering the enlightened of the planet, only to afterward kill the Prima Guardian and proceed to round up all the enlightened. Deciding if the enlightened were then killed off and used for food or enslaved was then dependent on how useful the Hive Queens judged them.

Vesperia’s approach to the entire matter was very unusual by Endless Empire standards and was done primarily because of Jake and her sensibilities toward the enlightened races and because she knew the Milky Way galaxy would never be claimed by the Endless Empire. Thus, she judged it better to set the standard for working together in synergy from the beginning.

The Endless Empire was naturally far from the only monster-focused faction claiming their planets, most of them not big factions but smaller ones with the local monster leaders guided by singular gods and their own small forces. Many didn’t really engage, though, as the enlightened winning didn’t necessarily mean the monsters would be wiped out, and many monster factions – like on Earth – even worked with the enlightened.

Thus, naturally, the vast majority of planets were claimed by the enlightened races, and as the months quickly passed, more and more Prima Guardians fell one way or another. Maps of the galaxy all across the universe were all being filled with flags of different colors, the Milky Way holding two interesting records.

The first one was for being the galaxy with the most planets marked with black flags, courtesy of the Desolate Child of Loss, and because planets being ruined in C-grade conflicts was really fucking rare.

Second was a more positive record… due to the development of teleporters, allowing the two major alliances that had formed to help even the planets that hadn’t joined the alliance, the Milky Way was in the lead for the highest amount of Prima Guardians dealt with, and as things were going, on track to be the first galaxy to finish the event, well before the time limit of the event expired.

This also meant the World Leaders of the Milky Way Galaxy had to be the first ones to consider… what would happen once the event was over and the vast cross-galaxy teleportation network facilitated by the Prima Vessels stopped working?

“A False God,” Carmen said with a serious look on her face as she sat inside Jake’s lodge. She had just recently arrived back on Earth from having gone around killing Prima Guardians with Valhal. Knowledge of what had happened to the Fallen King naturally hadn’t spread beyond a few select people, but Jake had chosen to tell the Runemaiden anyway… which proved to be a very good idea as she knew some obscure as fuck knowledge no one else seemed to.

“You’re saying this Desolate Child of Loss was an actual god?” Jake questioned, finding the notion ridiculous.

“Not at all, hence why it’s called a False God and not an actual god,” Carmen scoffed. “They’re more like spirits than gods. Their name just comes from how they are born and is honestly more of an insult than merely a way to describe them.”

“Can you tell me about them?” Jake asked with interest.

“Eh… what was it again…” Carmen said, searching her memory. “Right… so you know how shamans work, right?”

“Very loosely, but they form pacts with elementals and channel their power or something, right?” Jake said.

“Right,” Carmen nodded. “Shamans are generally known to come in two forms. The ones who create a bond with a singular elemental or other spirit-like entity they then grow alongside, and the more religious sort who form a bond with a being far more powerful than themselves, sometimes even gods.”

“I did read about that,” Jake nodded as a motion for her to keep going.

“Well, there is a third type who is a bit more heretical in nature, which is probably also why they aren’t spoken much about. These shamans don’t form a bond with a creature at all, and yet they receive power anyway… because rather than bond with an actual living entity, they bond with the idea of one. Think about before the system how a bunch of people worshipped random made-up gods without any real evidence of their existence besides just pure faith,… this is pretty much that,” Carmen explained.

“That doesn’t sound like it should work,” Jake frowned. “How in the hell do they receive power from something that doesn’t exist?”

“Ideas are powerful and can birth concepts. Think about it, with Willpower alone, you can do shit just by thinking about it. Now imagine an entire civilization believing in some divine being. Actually, you don’t even have to imagine it; just look at all the damn religious factions around who farm faith from their followers like they’re cattle. Alright, now actually imagine if this faith had nowhere to go, and yet a lot of people genuinely believe with all their hearts something does exist… that energy sometimes ends up forming what we call a False God. The belief something exists makes it actually exist,” Carmen continued explaining what Jake believed was pretty obscure knowledge based on how neither Jake nor anyone else had come across it. Then again, it wasn’t as if they were the most knowledgeable group.

“So some faction formed a False God because they believed hard enough it actually existed?” Jake questioned, highly skeptical of the notion. “That seems oddly… non-extraordinary. In that, I would expect it to happen all the time…”

“Well, it doesn’t, it’s actually pretty fucking rare, even if some do exist out there, mainly serving as totems of tribes who aren’t in contact with the rest of the multiverse or something like that,” Carmen answered. “From how the shaman I did Nevermore with explained things, it didn’t sound like anyone truly knew all the conditions for one to appear. All I know for sure is that a lot of genuine faith is required, which means most people who know actual gods exist don’t even qualify as their faith isn’t genuine. Some major event also has to happen, which leads to the formation of the False God, and finally… extremely strong emotions tend to be required. Unnaturally strong emotions.”

Jake’s face fell at the last part. “Fucking Ell’Hakan.”

“Yep, I have a hard time seeing he isn’t somehow involved based on what you said,” Carmen just agreed.

Over the last few months, they had discovered some more things about the planet the Desolate Child of Loss had originally come from, and they quickly learned that it had been part of the Prima Guardian Alliance. Originally, it was a faction of orcs who all seemed very keen on Ell’Hakan, but nothing much was known beyond that.

“Do you think it’s possible that-“

“You know, my exact thoughts based on everything I heard is that Ell’Hakan tried to make people super loyal to him, ended up mind-fucking an entire planet of orcs to view him as an actual living god, and then somehow, shit hit the fan, and they ended up forming what we know as the Desolate Child of Loss,” Carmen said, pretty much reading Jake’s mind.

“We can’t know for sure, but that does sound pretty probable,” Jake said with a sneer. “It all leads back to him and that Bloodline of his.”

“Yeah… not gonna lie, it’s scary as fuck,” Carmen said, making a show of shivering at the thought of it, even if she was genuine in her concern. “It’s bad enough that it was made expressly clear I was not to ever be even on the same planet as him, and if we were, I had to stay on the opposite side of it. Orders straight from the big guys and gals above.”

“Sounds like a policy every faction should adopt,” Jake sighed. “No, scratch that, every person should adopt it.”

“Hear, hear,” Carmen agreed with a smile as she looked at him closely, and her look turned serious. “I need to tell you… False Gods… they’re not easy to get rid of. Their lives linger in an annoying fashion, and to truly kill them, you sometimes need to destroy whatever totem binds them to existence.”

Jake mimicked her serious look and frowned. “Knowing the methods of the King… would a False God be able to survive if their soul was blown to smithereens?”

“I have no idea,” Carmen shook her head. “I’m not an expert; I just know what I was told. You know, when spending decades with someone in Nevermore, you’re bound to have plenty of conversations about random shit and get to know one another, intentionally or not.”

Jake didn’t say anything but just faintly felt for the mask he’d made invisible. He knew very well how it was unavoidable to get close to someone after spending fifty years together.

Carmen noticed Jake’s expression and turned apologetic. “Sorry… look, I’m sure you can find some way, right? It kind of seems like the thing you do, isn’t it? Stuff that shouldn’t be possible? Why is this time any different?”

“Thanks,” Jake just said, the mood getting a bit down before Carmen tried to bring it up.

“Now, for a brighter subject… you know, for being a cripple, you don’t look all that bad,” Carmen teased him, and Jake was more than happy with the change of topic.

“Barely a cripple anymore,” Jake smiled. “I actually recovered quicker than Eron expected me to.”

The healer wasn’t sure why Jake healed faster, but the prevailing theory was that his arcane affinity was involved, or maybe his Bloodline was helping somehow. Ultimately, it didn’t matter much… what mattered was that Jake could now see the end of the tunnel and was already considering what would come next.

His time for a full recovery also seemed to coincide with another major happening: the clearing of the final planet, ending the Prima Guardian event for the Milky Way Galaxy. This forced them all to consider many things… and later that day, they would have a meeting in Jake’s lodge to go over everything with most of the influential people back on Earth. They had chosen today because not only Carmen would come back, but Jake’s little brother would also finally return, along with Maria and everyone else from Earth worth having in the meeting.

Miranda had also made a schedule and list of topics for the meeting, with lots of subjects to go over before she would later have a meeting with diplomats and whatnot to actually get stuff done. However, Jake considered adding one more thing to discuss.

He’d been thinking a lot over the last many months since the King fell, and honestly… he was tired. It was not just because of his heavily injured soul but all the bullshit that had been going on over the last many years. This talk with Carmen only cemented his thoughts further, and he decided to finally bring it up.

Having collected his thoughts, he turned to Carmen and wondered about her opinion on the subject.

“Hey, Carmen… rather than waiting around for Ell’Hakan to do his shit, why don’t we take proactive measures?”

“How so?” Carmen asked, unsure what Jake was getting at.

Jake opened and closed his fists and once more felt the mask on his face. “Ell’Hakan wanted a fucking war for so damn long… why don’t we consider giving him one if he wants it so badly, but this time, it’s on our terms?”




***
Chapter 987: Discussing the Future of the Milky Way Galaxy


***






The lodge had once more become the unofficial meeting spot for when things that shouldn’t be shared widely were to be discussed. Probably because only people Jake trusted tended to be invited. This time around, things would be a bit different, though, as quite a few people who usually never would be allowed to visit were coming. In part to help build trust and in part to show that Jake had nothing to hide as his healing journey was more or less over.

Later on, he had actively chosen to exclude some individuals, though. That was for when they came to the part of the meeting regarding a certain Nahoom.

Jake didn’t want those affiliated with large factions to take part, as he feared what they were to discuss was something people would feel obligated to report back to their higher-ups. This did mean that even his own brother wasn’t allowed to take part, but this was the best decision in Jake’s eyes.

However, for now, the meeting was one not about the Chosen of Yip of Yore – at least not directly – but about the state of the Milky Way and their plans going forward. Before everyone arrived, though, he and Carmen did have a rather enlightening conversation after Jake asked her about starting a galactic war against another Chosen… and she took his question incredibly seriously as she looked in thought for a while before answering.

”I’m not sure Ell’Hakan wants a war anymore, and I’m even more unsure of how Valhal would respond… but it does feel inevitable a clash has to happen at some point,” Carmen muttered after she’d gotten over the shock of Jake’s proposal. ”We both know some shady shit is going on, with a bunch of gods making plans behind the scenes, so I’m not sure acting too hasty would be smart. Unless you’re fine with potentially ruining whatever plans the Viper is cooking up, that is.”

Jake looked at her for a moment before shaking his head. ”Give me a bit of credit here. I have at least considered that, and I wouldn’t want to do anything without the Viper being on board… and I have a feeling we will soon be able to find out if he is.”

”You mean…?”

”Yeah, I believe that communication to those outside our little universe will open up once our galaxy is done with this event and that we won’t have to wait for the entire damn universe to finish dealing with their own Prima Guardians,” Jake nodded.

Carmen frowned at Jake’s words and seemed to not be entirely sure if that was a good or a bad thing. ”Let’s discuss this again with the others when the time comes… I have a feeling it can’t be as simple as just invading his planet and beating up the guy after your god gives you a thumbs-up.”

”Or maybe it will be,” Jake smiled. Truthfully, he still wasn’t entirely certain he would be able to discuss matters with Villy once the last Prima Guardian in the Milky Way died, but he did feel and seriously hoped it would. He didn’t want to do anything without talking to Villy first, as he knew this matter with Ell’Hakan was larger than mortal matters.

On the other hand… he really did feel done dealing with Ell’Hakan’s bullshit. Even the potentially unintentional bullshit he had spawned in the form of the Desolate Child of Loss. Taking down that thing had cost way too much.

Hours passed as Jake and Carmen shelved the topic for now and just kept talking about other matters – most of them related to combat. Soon enough, it was time for the meeting to begin as everyone arrived one after another, Miranda naturally the first one to get there.

Not long after, Arnold and Eron both arrived, with Caleb and Maria not far behind. Vesperia, Casper, Lillian, the Sword Saint, and even Kindroth also made their way to the lodge as more and more people arrived to discuss the future of the Milky Way. The only notable absences were Jacob and Bertram, who hadn’t been invited for good reason. Carmen was also clearly out of place in the eyes of many due to the official stance of Valhal when it came to the conflict between the Viper and Yip, but no one was going to ask her to leave because of something silly like that.

Jake’s little lodge had never been this full before, and he was happy Hank had made it so large when he’d originally built it. People did have to bring their own chairs, though, as soon they were all gathered. Jake got quite a few looks as he hadn’t publicly been doing much recently, and many probed him subtly, with Jake gladly confirming he was pretty much back to full power and the strongest person in the room.

Miranda was the one to initiate the meeting once they were gathered and the initial greetings had gone out. She looked at the crowd of people who’d helped with this entire system event, with several new faces among them, such as Kindroth, six other World Leaders who represented bigger groups, and even William, who Jake had graciously allowed to take part courtesy of his recent contributions.

”Thank you all for coming here today. As I’m sure you’re all aware, the curtains are soon drawing to a close, and shortly, the Milky Way will be free of Prima Guardians and will, more likely than not, be the first galaxy in the universe to have overcome the system event. Many of you here have greatly contributed to this greatly accelerated timeline, especially with the construction of the cross-galaxy teleporter,” Miranda said, primarily directed at Arnold, who didn’t even seem to fully realize she was talking about him.

”I know many of you have suffered during this time, and many planets are still reeling from the event, but we sadly do not have time to address everything. We must consider what comes next. Kindroth, did you check how close we are to the final Prima Guardian falling?”

The elf propped himself up as he bowed slightly to Miranda and spoke.

”All the planets yet to be rid of their Prima Guardians are among those who didn’t join the alliance and are all being helped in a more… forceful fashion. Not that they are complaining, at least the general populace isn’t. These planets tend to not have killed their Guardians for a good reason and are more than happy to have saviors swoop in and rid them of their foes,” Kindroth said in a calm voice before sighing. ”They are even grateful enough to ally with whoever saved them in most cases, be it us or the Chosen of Yip of Yore. Which is a bit of a problem, as every single remaining planet has already been claimed by the other Chosen, even if they have yet to kill the Prima Guardian there.”

Everyone nodded as Jake also noted this recent strategy Ell’Hakan and the Holy Church had begun to deploy in the last month or so. As the number of planets remaining dwindled, Ell’Hakan and his allies began to leverage their superior forces more actively, as they began sending diplomats and scouts to planets to create an initial relationship with native worlds before the real firepower would arrive.

Unauthorized content usage: if you discover this narrative on Amazon, report the violation.

This had led to a few clashes between people from Earth’s alliance with Ell’Hakan and the Holy Church, but nothing too bad, as they were in this odd limbo of not really wanting to outright battle, seeing as no one was exactly sure of on how bad terms they really were. This meant the decision of who would help was up to the natives, and in most cases, they preferred the people sent by Ell’Hakan and the Holy Church, even if someone like the Sword Saint had arrived and could solve their problem by himself. The old man had even found himself in a situation where he ended up still killing a Prima Guardian so he could use the Vessel to teleport back home, but that hadn’t made the natives change their mind, as they’d stuck with the Holy Church and even given them partial credit for the Sword Saint’s efforts.

All in all, Ell’Hakan and the Church had definitely been the winners if one counted the number of planets claimed, with Jake’s weakened state and the loss of the Fallen King not exactly helping the matter. Even if the two of them had been actively helping kill Guardians, it was questionable Earth and their allies could have won, as the Holy Church had truly proven themselves experts at convincing neutral planets to join them. The concept of life after death was simply too tempting of a benefit that no one could compete with.

”Thank you, Kindroth, and even if they don’t seem in a rush, it’s a matter of days, not weeks, when the last Guardian falls,” Miranda said, getting the focus back on her again. ”And this leads us to the primary topic today… what now? Soon, there will be no Prima Guardians left, and we have no idea what will truly happen, but we have good reason to believe that some form of communication will open up with other universes once the last one falls.”

The good reason to believe this was gonna happen being Jake’s gut feeling in this scenario.

”That means we need to consider not just the thoughts of mortals but what the gods might be planning,” Miranda continued, looking around the room. ”This galaxy never asked for this, but we need to recognize the Milky Way has already become the battleground of the gods long ago. Records have gathered, and the sheer number of powerful individuals alone should be proof of just how much focus has been put on our small galaxy. This also means that the divine factions who have already gone to great lengths to take root will be less than inclined to leave again... quite the opposite.”

Miranda’s words were emphasized strongly by the people in the room. Everything from the Dao Sect to the Void Gods had representation, with most Primordials and several large divine factions with people on Earth alone. If one took the entire Milky Way and counted all the gods who worked with Yip of Yore and had blessed people to help Ell’Hakan… the number of gods directly involved had to be in the hundreds, if not over a thousand. Many only had their own small planet and were allied with Yip of Yore, but they still had a presence and interest to expand.

”Historically, this is the time when the gods will begin to mobilize a grand expansion,” Miranda kept going, primarily explaining things to the people with no powerful divine connections to understand their situation. ”Fighting back against these larger factions is quite frankly not an option, and no one really has any choice but to align themselves with some major faction. I’m not saying this to force anyone into anything, but simply stating how things are.”

”Excuse me… but is there really no world where complete autonomy can be retained?” one of the World Leaders present asked. A woman who Jake heard represented quite a few planets and had been one of the people from a world who’d defeated their Prima Guardian on their own before getting into contact with Kindroth.

”Usually, a galaxy will not be entirely swallowed up, with some regions left unclaimed, but as things are right now, I see no scenario where a single habitable planet of the Milky Way Galaxy is left alone,” Miranda sighed. ”But do allow me to assure you of one thing. We remain entirely uninterested in actually conquering the galaxy. We do recognize that we will have to place it under our influence, but there is no intent to actively control every planet.”

”So we would become vassals whether we like it or not?” the woman continued questioning, clearly not happy with the situation. Understandably so, which was why Jake didn’t throw her out of his lodge despite being a bit curt and rude.

”I wouldn’t use that term, but some form of official relationship where you will be under our banner will be established,” Miranda said. ”But let’s not get ahead of ourselves yet. We are far from reaching a point where such official designations are in any way relevant. For now, we shouldn’t focus on what everyone here wants, but what those we share our galaxy with wishes to accomplish.”

Miranda proceeded to explain some of what she had prepared, including some stats and some maps copied from within the Prima Vessel, showing the many planets of the Milky Way, and rather than simply having the colored flags, they now showed alignment. The situation was more complicated than just having those on the side of Jake or Ell’Hakan, though.

Factions like the Court of Shadows, Dao Sect, and many others weren’t truly part of this conflict. Even Valhal wouldn’t usually get involved in a matter like this, and no matter who won, they would more likely than not remain with a powerful presence in the Milky Way. Even if the Holy Church somehow conquered everything, they wouldn’t push out these neutral factions but allow them to keep a foothold.

This also meant that Caleb and Eron wouldn’t directly get involved in the conflict between Jake and Ell’Hakan. They truthfully couldn’t, as they represented their factions and had to remain neutral despite their personal feelings.

Valhal and the Risen were pretty damn involved, though. Valhal because of the shady stuff going on, and the Risen because of the Holy Church. They had already left Earth once, but they were still floating around in the Milky Way and really didn’t want the Holy Church to end up with too much influence, lest they be hunted down. So, even officially, they were on the side of Jake, courtesy of ”the enemy of my enemy is my friend” logic.

As for Vesperia… it truly didn’t matter much to the Endless Empire, who claimed a galaxy. More often than not, the Hive Queens would be forced to leave, but not even the Holy Church wanted to needlessly make enemies with the powerful ectognamorph empire. In many cases, they even assisted the Hive Queens in leaving before claiming their planets, only adopting violence if they saw no other choice.

Miranda had also talked to Jake earlier about her strategy for this entire meeting. At first, she had considered focusing a lot more on Ell’Hakan and his intentions, but she quickly learned that the Holy Church was a far better target.

Earlier, she’d talked about history, and if there was one faction with a historical track record of swallowing up entire galaxies and forcefully replacing any leaders who didn’t bow down to them, it was the Church. Many of the World Leaders who’d joined Earth had done so not because they wanted to ally with them but because they didn’t want to be crushed under the holy boot of the Church and believed Jake’s side had a better chance of allowing them to remain in charge of their own planets – a sentiment Miranda had gladly confirmed once more during this meeting.

The meeting continued, as Jake primarily sat back, waiting for this part to get over so he could get to the section he really cared about where they would really discuss the future of the galaxy. The more he heard, including some parts about what Ell’Hakan was up to, he only became more and more assured that no matter what, one thing couldn’t be clearer:

The Chosen of Yip of Yore had to go… and he only became more and more certain that he would have to throw some holy trash out alongside the fucker.

The wind blew through the barren land as sand was whipped up and formed small whirls. A few smaller critters had begun to inhabit the land once more over the last few weeks as the land slowly recovered courtesy of the Planetary Core fixing the planet.

A mammal about the size of a rabbit was digging through the ground, looking for anything left behind as it found what looked like a piece of bone. If Jake had been there, he would have recognized it as a piece of the Fallen King’s ivory claw, but all the small creature saw was something that could potentially be valuable to consume.

However, just as it moved to bite down on the claw, it stopped itself. The hair on its back stood up straight as it turned tail and ran away as its instincts screamed at it to escape, and just in time, as behind it, the dirt around the claw fragment began to lose its color and turn monochrome.




***
Chapter 988: The Most Important Question...


***






Jake didn’t envy Miranda and Kindroth, who both had to convince a bunch of World Leaders that they would get crushed by superior forces, forcing them to submit to someone no matter what they did, and of the options available to them, Earth was the better choice.

Many World Leaders who didn’t actively engage with divine factions still didn’t fully understand the influence gods had on the new world and the sheer power these massive factions held. Especially not those who hadn’t gone to Nevermore themselves. They simply couldn’t imagine just how powerful a creature that could crush galaxies in the palm of their hands truly was. Even Jake had a hard time imagining it, and he had seen and experienced a vision of an S-grade Valdemar and Villy battle, where the mere shockwaves from their clashes could have destroyed planets if it had happened in a space not suited for their fight.

Miranda seemed to realize that trying to sell them on beings capable of blowing up their planets with a flick wasn’t realistic, so she would go with something far easier to imagine: sheer, overwhelming numbers. In the Milky Way right now, after dealing with the event, planets had only a few billion inhabitants in most cases, with many falling below a billion and others going far beyond that. With time, most inhabited planets would balloon to hundreds of billions, if not trillions, due to increased space from them all growing in size with the integration and the longer lifespans of everyone. That is unless some kind of population control was established, as the Records of planets could be diluted if there were too many born and living there, but it rarely tended to be a problem.

Anyway, the point was that everyone could see population numbers trending upward, especially should the galaxy enter a peaceful period. So, If a single planet could have that many people… how many could an entire galaxy have?

How about a galaxy cluster?

A supercluster?

The number of inhabited planets was an unimaginable number in every universe… and there were ninety-two other universes out there, some larger and some smaller than the ninety-third. People couldn’t imagine the sheer scale of the multiverse, but they could understand the basic concept that a faction spanning ninety-two – working on the ninety-third - universes had to have quite the army.

And soon, the ninety-third universe would begin to open up. These forces would be able to enter their universe, and no matter how much a planet tried or how good they thought they were, there was just no way they stood a shadow of a chance.

As Miranda had said, perhaps things would have been different if they had been in another galaxy. There were many instances where no one necessarily claimed a planet, even if they were aware of it, but just let the natives be if they were considered too weak to bother with or too resistant to recruitment. However, due to the sheer Records of the Milky Way, nothing would be left untouched, and everyone had to pick a side at one point or another.

The entire meeting ended up taking way too many hours for Jake’s liking as they went through topic after topic. After everyone seemed to understand that a side had to be picked, discussions around mutual defense were instantly raised, alongside skepticism that the Order of the Malefic Viper that backed Jake would truly stand against the Holy Church and Ell’Hakan.

Anyway, this was the reason Jake had to be in the meeting. Miranda’s foresight of what people would say was always scary, and she had gone as far as coach Jake on a little speech should this topic be brought up, as he taught the ones lacking multiversal common knowledge another basic lesson.

”I’m not going to argue against the Holy Church having far superior numbers. Neither am I going to deny that the Holy Church and Ell’Hakan have far more planets than we do under their influence. If you compared the standing army each could represent, they would definitely outclass us three-to-one if not even worse… but so what?” Jake began as he stood up. Energy began to gather in his surroundings as an arrow of arcane mana appeared, and Jake reached out and grasped it.

”A single one of these arrows could easily kill a thousand of their so-called army.”

Nine more arrows appeared. ”Ten thousand.”

Followed by that also getting increased tenfold.

”A hundred thousand dead… do you need me to go to a million?” Jake asked as he allowed his aura to spread, as his arcane mana bathed the room. He saw the uncomfortable faces of the World Leaders, and he let his mana linger for a moment before retracting it and continuing.

”You all seem rather stuck in the past, caring so much about who has the larger army despite how utterly irrelevant it is. The fighting power of a faction is no longer determined by their numbers. Half the people in this room could wipe out all life on a planet on their lonesome, with no army able to stop them. It doesn’t matter if you throw a million weaklings at them… all you’re accomplishing is wasting lives and potentially a bit of their time.”

It was true there were methods for numbers to be an important factor, namely through means deployed by factions such as the Holy Church or Endless Empire, but even that required someone powerful to be in charge, and there were limits that simply couldn’t be overcome. Jake simply didn’t believe that any number of D-grades, no matter what they did, could ever stand a chance at killing him. Also, even if they did… Jake could just not fight them and go straight for the head of the hydra and kill every leader of influence in the faction he was aiming to take down.

”Think about it. While the Holy Church may be powerful, why do you think the Malefic Viper and the Holy Mother can both be recognized as beings standing at the pinnacle of the universe? Why do you think no one has dared make the Order of the Malefic Viper an enemy, even during the absence of the Viper, simply due to the fear he would return one day? It’s because of the sheer personal power of a Primordial,” Jake continued as he glanced across the room.

”More often than not, the true power of a faction is not determined by its size, history, or achievements but solely by who rules it. Who its strongest member is. The Order of the Malefic Viper would simply be a shadow of its former self should the Malefic Viper fall or prove too weak to cement his position as a pinnacle being,” Jake said, purposefully giving Carmen a knowing look. ”There is a reason no one has even tried to declare war on Valhal. They have proven just how powerful their leader truly is time and time again. Valdemar does not hold the title of Wargod and wide acknowledgment as the strongest fighter in the multiverse for nothing, but is someone with such overwhelming proven power that even if he had no faction at all, he would still be an unbeatable one-man army.”

This story has been unlawfully obtained without the author's consent. Report any appearances on Amazon.

Jake got a few weird looks from this statement where he praised another Primordial that much as he continued. ”Anyway, my point is, while we may have a smaller force than Ell’Hakan, we are certainly not weaker. While he has more fighters, I truly believe the quality of ours is superior. Oh, and should it come down to a direct clash between myself and the Chosen of Yip of Yore… I don’t see myself losing.”

No one in the room seemed to have any objections to this statement, as Jake had proven himself superior when it came to combat prior. He had ”won” in their only direct competition in the form of Nevermore, and the other Chosen had never fought Jake directly, despite Jake’s clear message that he was more than willing to have a bout. Of course, with recent strategies and schemes, Jake couldn’t actively ask to fight the guy all the time… but the fact that Ell’Hakan had avoided Jake when they were actively in conflict before Nevermore did add some weight.

Miranda took over for Jake after his display of power, as the more boring part continued. After a few more hours, things were finally coming to an end. A lot of discussion had been about redistribution of resources and helping the planets who needed aid after dealing with their Prima Guardians, which really didn’t interest Jake that much.

But, sometimes, boring stuff just had to be done, and they had accomplished their primary goals of this meeting. Their first objective had been to convince the other World Leaders they should back Earth and not Ell’Hakan, while another was to make them more comfortable around other races. Casper had spoken during the meeting and made the position of the Risen clear, flaunting his status as someone blessed by the Blightfather while making clear there were no plans of some massive undead takeover. Vesperia had also briefly shared the stance of the Endless Empire, but honestly, the World Leaders didn’t at all comprehend the significance of a True Royal, so it didn’t add that much. The Sky Whale also spoke a bit for the monsters and how maintaining an ecosystem of beasts on the planets was important and whatnot and how coexistence was the best choice.

Now, there was one more objective that Jake had a good feeling was also a success. As the meeting ended, Miranda dismissed everyone with a final short speech, as she stayed behind with a few others. These were the people Jake wanted to have the real meeting with. People in-the-know of the complicated situation with Ell’Hakan and all their scheming. This meant Caleb, Casper, Maria, and many others had to leave due to their relationship with major factions. It wasn’t that Jake didn’t trust them, but that he didn’t want to put them in a situation where they felt stuck between their loyalty to Jake and responsibility as a representative of their factions.

The only outlier was Carmen, who was allowed to stay. Miranda naturally also stayed alongside the Sword Saint, Sylphie, Vesperia, William, Arnold, and Sandy, who only joined now for this part of the meeting, as the giant space worm had successfully avoided taking part in the boring part of the meeting. William was there because he already knew the situation wasn’t as it seemed, and while Vesperia did come from a large faction, she held a position that didn’t require her to ever report anything.

After making sure it was only them in the lodge through his sphere and making sure the formation kept everything said confidential, Jake looked at Miranda. ”Do you think it was convincing enough? Too on-the-nose?”

”Maybe a little, but it can also help sell your genuine admiration of the Wargod,” Miranda said with a smile. ”Besides, you didn’t say anything that was untrue.”

This had been their final objective… because one of the invited World Leaders had been a spy Miranda had identified with the help of William more than two months ago. It was someone they knew for a fact reported back to Ell’Hakan and the Holy Church, and by now, they were likely already on their way back to their own planet to tell the Holy Church what had happened during this meeting. The guy had tried to hide it, but karmic magic was just too damn overpowered.

Anyway, what Jake had said could easily be interpreted as him actively saying he only respected the Malefic Viper because he held the title of someone powerful, and if that was proven wrong, he would more than gladly jump ship. At the same time, Jake had recognized that Valdemar was more than just a strong reputation, but a warrior who had undergone countless battles to prove his power.

In the eyes of someone already suspecting Jake could be convinced to switch sides, one could easily read between the lines and see this as a message that Jake was just waiting for Yip of Yore to make a move and prove the Viper indeed wasn’t as strong as he claimed. To be clear, Jake didn’t at all believe he would influence the actions of the god, but maybe this could help make Ell’Hakan not suspect Jake was planning to soon go on the offensive.

The fact Jake was making sure to have his own large faction and World Leaders under his banner could also easily be interpreted as a negotiation tactic and a way for him to increase his value should he end up joining Valhal or another faction. That, and it was only natural for a powerful leader to increase his own influence.

Jake wasn’t sure Ell’Hakan would read that far into it, but Miranda seemed pretty sure he would, so Jake just trusted her and went along with her plan. Hopefully, it all worked out, and the guy didn’t suspect that Jake and company were considering switching gears… assuming the others were on board, and he could talk to Villy soon and ensure he wouldn’t mess up anything for the god.

With everyone else gone, Jake took a deep breath as they all knew he had been planning something.

”Am I the only one who’s tired of all this?” Jake asked the room. ”All this scheming behind closed doors and deceit to hide our true thoughts and feelings.”

”What are you getting at?” the Sword Saint asked, getting straight to the point.

Jake took a moment as he looked at the floor before sighing.

”I realize have been way too fucking passive regarding Yip’s Chosen. From our very first meeting, Ell’Hakan has always been the one issuing the challenges and the one planning out our encounters. Sure, I got one over him at Nevermore, but the second we were back here, it felt like I was caught in his tempo once more,” Jake began, having had plenty of time to reflect on the conflict.

”For a good while, I wondered why I hadn’t even tried to be more proactive, but recently I realized… I just didn’t really want to deal with him. He’s not the kind of opponent I enjoy fighting. I think the reason why he sees me as an enemy is stupid in the first place, and he can’t just be normal and try to kill me like a normal person but has to spin all his stupid stories rather than just show up in front of me,” Jake continued in an annoyed tone.

”His Path is dumb, and he is a pain to deal with… but I now know I really don’t have a choice if I want to deal with him or not. He’s going to keep being an annoying asshole until I put an arrow in his forehead. Without him, this Desolate Child of Loss wouldn’t have existed. Without him, Earth wouldn’t have been invaded… and without him, I wouldn’t have to attend a bunch of fucking boring meetings discussing how to deal with his schemes. So, the reason I called this meeting is to make a proposal to stop scheming. To find an opening and exploit it to go straight for the jugular. All his tricks, all his deceit, all of it will disappear with his death.”

Miranda looked at Jake with uncertainty. ”This is quite the radical shift in approach… and with the Holy Church now openly backing him, things are even more complicated, and-”

”Then stop making them complicated,” Jake said. ”Killing an enemy isn’t a complicated concept. Killing those who seek to defend your enemy isn’t a complex concept either.”

The Verdant Witch fell silent for a bit as the Sword Saint spoke. ”I’ll be honest… I’m surprised it took you this long. I half-expected having to convince you not to instantly use the cross-galaxy teleporter to invade Ell’Hakan’s homeworld.”

”So you’re opposed to taking more proactive actions?” Jake asked the old man.

”I’m not saying that,” the swordsman smiled. ”I’m just saying that you can’t go at it too simple-mindedly. You will need some form of planning to get to Ell’Hakan, and you need to ensure his support network is dismantled or, at the very least, disrupted before you attack. Finally, have you considered perhaps the most important question…”

The Sword Saint leaned forward and looked Jake in the eyes.

”What if you’re not capable of killing him?”




***
Chapter 989: To Lock Down One's Enemy


***






The atmosphere in the lodge turned cold as Jake returned the Sword Saint’s gaze. ”Are you saying I can’t beat him?”

”That’s not what I’m saying at all,” the Sword Saint sighed and leaned back. ”But I do believe you consistently underestimate how powerful Ell’Hakan actually is. He didn’t take the second spot on the Nevermore Leaderboards because he was a good schemer. He didn’t manage to battle and earn the recognition of Valdemar’s Image in Nevermore through words and deceit. He did it as a warrior, and while he is certainly the slimy sort who loves schemes and spinning stories over direct confrontations, I don’t believe he is someone you can take lightly once cornered.”

”I’m aware he’s powerful,” Jake said. ”But that doesn’t mean I’m not confident.”

”What it does mean is that you need to go in with a good plan to ensure the battle plays out how you want it to,” the Sword Saint said as he turned to Sylphie. ”Let me ask you something, Jake. Do you believe you could defeat Sylphie in a battle?”

”Yes,” Jake answered, earning him an angry – but not disagreeing – peck.

”But do you believe you could kill her if she sought to do everything in her power to survive?” the old man followed up.

Jake frowned and thought about it only for a moment before answering. ”Well, I obviously wouldn’t want to cause her any real harm, but if I had to lean into your hypothetical scenario, then I wouldn’t be able to kill her easily without her escaping. However, I do believe I would win in endurance, so while it may take some time, I should be able to eventually catch up and claim victory.”

”What if she runs to that frost elemental Wintermaul and teams up with him? What if I, Vesperia, Sandy, and Arnold all choose to take her side and also seek to impede you? Would you then be able to kill her?”

”Yeah, yeah, I get what you’re saying,” Jake sighed.

”Good,” the old man said. ”There is no way Ell’Hakan doesn’t have a plethora of failsafes and trump cards to save his life should he ever be in deathly danger. He also has many allies. So, if you’re truly aiming for his head, you need to do it when the situation is right. You don’t just have to be powerful enough to beat him; you have to be capable of killing him without allowing his escape. And that’s a lot more complicated than just being the stronger party.”

Jake hated that the old man was right, but in his defense, Jake had considered this already. This conversation did make him think, though… Jake didn’t really have any way to properly lock people down for a long period of time. He could disrupt space with his destructive arcane mana, and he could temporarily freeze someone, but he had no way to stop someone with powerful escape skills from just running off.

”I get it,” Jake relented. ”This is part of the reason I would like to strike sooner rather than later. Once the universe opens up again, allowing him to escape to other universes, I see no good way to take Ell’Hakan down. I don’t believe he has many allies capable of protecting him in this universe, but the same isn’t true in the wider multiverse.”

”True, true,” the Sword Saint nodded. ”Now would be an opportune time to strike as long as you find some way to lock him down to at least a singular planet. Limit his pool of allies and potential escape paths.”

”We can’t do anything before communication opens up, though,” Miranda chimed in. ”You will definitely have to discuss all this with the Malefic One and get a green light to go ahead.”

”Yeah, for sure,” Jake said, Carmen also having said the same thing prior. Oh, and speaking of the Runemaiden: ”Hey, Carmen… will you have to ask Valdemar – or more likely Gudrun – their thoughts on the matter?”

”Not sure I’ll have to,” she shrugged. ”Probably even better that I don’t contact them at all. I will have to leave the planet before anything goes down for sure, though. Reasonable deniability and all that. It will have to look like I wasn’t in the know and that Valhal didn’t support this at all. Maybe we can even make it look like there was some disagreement or something.”

”I think the Viper will have more insight on what’s best to do there,” Jake said, a bit unsure. ”But, yeah, the Sword Saint had a good point; I’ll need some way to lock him down and not make it possible for him to escape easily. A way to lock down space or something.”

Arnold, who hadn’t really been part of the meeting at any point, suddenly spoke up with a suggestion. ”Have you considered using a Voidsphere?”

”I’m not sure where we would even get such a thing,” Miranda sighed, clearly knowing what the scientist was talking about.

”Can we even get any as C-grades?” Carmen also questioned.

”Ree?” even Sylphie chimed in as Jake sat there, staring at them, confused. He exchanged a glance with the Sword Saint and found himself relieved when the old man clearly also didn’t know what a Voidsphere was. Luckily, Miranda noticed the two of them and explained.

”Voidspheres are one of the best ways to not only stop someone from escaping but having a fight that others cannot intervene. Also, gods battling in the actual universe usually leads to catastrophic damage, which is why they tend to instead clash in the void. There, they can’t break anything, and no one is put at risk besides the ones fighting. From how I understand it, the Void Gods noticed this trend and began offering these Voidspheres that could be used to create a temporary void zone once used, and more than that, they would seal those inside for a period once the void zone was established,” Miranda explained.

”Last time I checked, mortals can’t exactly survive within the void,” Jake pointed out.

”You never truly make contact with the void,” Arnold picked up Miranda’s explanation to flaunt some of his knowledge of the void. ”A Voidsphere creates a boundary that seals within it a small interpreted representation of the immediate environment once used, creating what many compare to a separate space or dimension resembling the real world, but nothing more than a mirror of the real world. Once the Voidsphere runs out of energy, the boundary will naturally fade once more, and the void zone will remerge with real space once more, leaving not a single mark of its usage.”

”So, to summarize, you create a fighting cage for you and anyone else nearby when you use it,” Carmen simplified Arnold’s explanation. ”Breaking out of one is super fucking difficult. From what I was told, when using the most powerful Voidspheres, not even the strongest of gods can escape in a short period of time, and as these void zones are still separate from the actual void, they even prevent gods from fleeing to their divine realms. There really wouldn’t be anything better if you want to take down Ell’Hakan.”

If you encounter this story on Amazon, note that it's taken without permission from the author. Report it.

”Damn… where do you get these Voidspheres?” Jake asked, looking expectedly at Arnold.

The scientist returned his gaze and shook his head. ”I do not have any currently, and I’m uncertain of my abilities to create one capable of sealing in the Chosen of Yip of Yore. However, if communication with the wider multiverse does open up, I shall commune with Oras.”

Jake frowned a bit. ”I guess it’s worth a shot… but why did you bring it up as if we could easily get a Voidsphere? Aren’t they rare?”

”Extremely so,” Arnold answered. ”Creating one usually requires the corpse of a Void Dweller, with the power of the Voidsphere dependent on the power of the Void Dweller used. The version I would create would be nothing more than a weak simplified imitation that is far less capable but should still have potential.”

”… again, why did you bring them up?” Jake asked again.

”Perhaps someone had one,” Arnold answered nonchalantly.

”From where?”

”It could have had my sources,” the scientist just answered.

”Pretty sure you can’t bring items like that from other universes, so…” Jake muttered.

”I’m well aware of that,” Arnold responded.

Jake, knowing he was getting nowhere, turned his attention elsewhere. Because this topic did make him have a thought. ”The Court of Shadows must be frequent customers of these Voidspheres, or do they have some other way to stop people from running away?”

”The Court of Shadows has its own version where instead of the void, they use the shadow realm to lock away a section of reality. We can’t involve them in this matter, though, so we have to look for another solution,” Miranda shook her head.

Thinking on the matter some more, Jake believed that perhaps their best chance was a Voidsphere if Arnold could somehow make one. If not, they could always try with a classic formation. The problem with formations was that they were stationary and usually took quite a while to set up, and Jake had a hard time imagining a world where he could lure Ell’Hakan into one. As for making a formation disc or something to have one that could be rapidly deployed… yeah, Jake didn’t believe he was good enough to do that, and formations like that tended to be far weaker.

”I’ll think of something, but see if any of you can find a solution, and if you manage to make one, Arnold, I will definitely owe you big time,” Jake said, as he moved on with the conversation as he turned to William who had been silent so far. ”What do you think? About everything?”

William, clearly surprised Jake asked his opinion, took a moment to gather his thoughts before answering. ”I can’t really offer much when it comes to killing Ell’Hakan, but I do think you have to consider what surrounds him. He grows based on the bonds he’s created and has armies of faithful who would gladly give their lives should anyone go after him. Isolating him won’t be easy, and while his allies cannot measure up to the two of you, they cannot be entirely overlooked. Also… I may have an idea how to make him less likely to flee.”

”I’m listening,” Jake said as he raised an eyebrow.

”Ell’Hakan relies heavily on the Legacy of Yip of Yore to grow in power, using stories to amplify himself to get as strong as he is now. His legend is his Path, so what if you did something that could severely hurt his Path? What if you damaged his legend and the story he’s built for himself?”

Jake was listening as he was beginning to understand what William was getting at, especially with what he had been up to during the time Jake and others were in Nevermore: he wanted Jake to go after the believers on his planet.

”He has spent his entire life, way before the system, carefully curating his false legend on his homeworld. They truly believe he is a godlike being without any rival,” William continued. ”So what if you break that legend?”

”I thought you said their belief was utterly unshakeable?” Jake questioned. ”That even if I beat him, it won’t do shit as they are too deep in the sauce of delusion.”

”There are more ways to combat a story and discourse than arguing and proving it wrong…” William said, obviously not fully comfortable with what he was about to suggest. ”If there’s no one left who believes in a legend, does the legend truly exist?”

And some-fucking-how, they were back to discussing planetary sacrificial rituals. Or, in this instance, it was more accurate to call it a planet-corrupting ritual. The worst part was that Jake had already considered something similar himself. Not that he was going to admit that openly.

”Perhaps destroying an entire planet just to bait him into fighting you is going a bit too far…” the Sword Saint muttered.

”I don’t believe it is,” Vesperia decided to also join the conversation. ”From how these fanatical believers of Ell’Hakan have been described, they sound more like faithful drones of a hive rather than independent and free-thinking creatures. What do you think will happen when someone kills their king? That they will simply accept his death and move on? I find it far more likely they will strive for revenge until put down. Getting rid of them first seems like the most logical order of things. If it succeeds, it, at the very least, helps weaken the Chosen, and even if all it does is force him into a fight, that, too, can be considered a win. I see no obvious downsides to this strategy.”

The Sword Saint clearly didn’t like the suggestion but didn’t say more as he mulled on her words. Jake also sat silently for a while as no one spoke.

”I guess we can’t really do much before you discuss things with the Malefic One…” Miranda said after a while. ”Only make preparations should you get the go-ahead.”

”Right,” Jake nodded. ”Can you work on making a list of the hyper-faithful he’s gathered? It may be a good idea to also target some of those at the same time I go for Ell’Hakan. Also, if avoidable, we shouldn’t get into a direct confrontation with the Holy Church and their forces. With how much influence they already have in the galaxy, not being able to find a more peaceful way to make them fuck off or at least only get their own little corner of the Milky Way would be extremely annoying.”

The others nodded, and Jake finally also turned to Sandy. ”I may need your help when it comes to actually taking him down. If we have to chase him or something, I could definitely use a ride.”

”Sure, sure,” Sandy agreed, not really having cared about this meeting at all, but instead subtly used all this time to steal every single banana off the musa outside the lodge using space magic.

There really wasn’t more to be said after that. They stayed a bit longer to discuss some details, including other potential traitors on Earth and the people they needed to keep an eye on during this period, but honestly, Jake felt pretty certain that Ell’Hakan had no idea anything was being plotted against him from Jake’s side.

After another hour or so, the meeting was adjourned, and everyone left to return to their own matters and to prepare. Everything had to be done slowly and steadily and without raising suspicion, but they didn’t have too much time. If all things went well, they would make their move the second the Viper gave them the go-ahead. Maybe they would delay a bit if Arnold said he could get a Voidsphere ready, but if not, Jake had been working on something on his own already.

He’d been thinking for a while about the best way to take someone like Ell’Hakan down. Not just him, but anyone powerful, really. Jake knew that his Path was on the simpler side compared to someone like Ell’Hakan, so with a thought process truly in line with his Path, he had been working on a little something during this period of weakness.

Jake knew that his most powerful strike in the battle was pretty much always the first one. Protean Arrow, alongside all his other bonuses from Stealth Attack and whatnot, were all just ridiculously powerful, especially after Lone Hunter helped boost everything even further.

So, he’d thought to lean even further into that.

Down in his lab beneath the lodge, Jake went into a large room where he’d set up some extra barriers of his own to stabilize the space using his arcane energies, allowing nothing to leak. Entering it slowly so as to not disturb the energies within, Jake went toward the center of the room where a long object was floating.

It was an object resembling a Protean Arrow but still only halfway constructed. It was more complicated than anything he’d made prior, and the reason wasn’t the mana itself but what the mana surrounded. Because encased in the Protean Arrow Jake was constructing, a black spear-like weapon floated, giving off curse energy even in this stabilized space.

Jake was happy to see the structure he’d constructed still hadn’t fallen apart yet, and that Eternal Hunger continued to not prove a problem even while summoned outside his body for this long. He still had a bit to go, but he still couldn’t help but smile as an end was in sight to do something he’d hoped to make for a long time:

The Supreme Eternal Hunger Arrow of Instant Death.

… name still a work in progress.




***
Chapter 990: Arrow Crafting: Nightmare Difficulty


***






Jake carefully studied the mana structure surrounding Eternal Hunger while taking some mental notes and getting himself into the right mindset to continue his research. As mentioned, he had been actively working on this for several months, but in truth, he had been wanting to do something like this ever since the day he first made Protean Arrow. No… earlier than that. Ever since he got the Sin weapon.

Eternal Hunger still had a problem even after it became mythical rarity, though: it remained strictly a melee weapon. This likely came to be because of the weapon’s Origin and how he’d made it in the first place. He had altered a melee weapon in the form of the transforming chimera weapon from Yalsten, and these properties had clearly been kept and only further empowered.

The majority of Sim-Jake’s Records merging with the weapon also hadn’t helped, as Jake’s alter ego had been nearly solely focused on melee combat in his final days, only further cementing Eternal Hunger as a melee weapon. Jake had consulted the description many times during the last few months, and he couldn’t help but bite onto the same thing time and time again… not once did it specify Eternal Hunger could only be used as a melee weapon:

[Eternal Hunger (Mythical)] – A weapon born of eternal hunger - a living sin of consumption, forever starving, forever seeking sustenance. Given form by the [Redacted] Hunter, this new myth still holds properties of its Origin as a weapon created by vampires from the core of a Chimera, allowing it to change shape and adapt to the will of its master. Origin has been further altered by [Redacted], giving birth to the Eternal Shadow of the [Redacted] Hunter. This weapon is eternally Soulbound to its creator; their souls are one and the same, making Eternal Hunger indestructible as long as the Hunter persists. Any attack made with this weapon will absorb energy from the target. Foes slain by the owner of this weapon will have their souls absorbed. Can consume absorbed souls. Take pride as you wield hunger incarnate. Enchantments: Curse of Eternal Hunger. Souldrinker. Soul Consumption. Eternal Shadow.

Requirements: Soulbound

Looking at the description carefully, one could even argue it should be possible to make Eternal Hunger into an arrow without any problems as the weapon adapted to the will of its master. He also knew some aspects worked when not in melee. The Souldrinker enchantment of Eternal Hunger worked on anything he killed, even if he never took out the weapon during the fight. Eternal Shadow could also be used at all times, and shit, his Eternal Shadow was made up of curse energy and could shoot with a bow and arrow.

Eternal Shadow did give one clue that what Jake was trying to do wouldn’t be easy, though… because while the Eternal Shadow was made of curse energy, the arrow it shot would still be of arcane energy, and it was only when it attacked in melee it used an exact replica of Eternal Hunger.

That didn’t mean Jake had given up, even if it seemed like an arduous task to use Eternal Hunger as a ranged fighter, and ever since he got the weapon, he’d continually experimented with it.

Jake had naturally tried to make Eternal Hunger into a bow way back, but it wasn’t made for it. And not just because he couldn’t turn the black malleable metal into a string, but because none of the properties of Eternal Hunger worked if he used it to shoot something. Yes, Jake had tried to ”shoot” things using Eternal Hunger by pretty much just using it as a catapult of sorts, but that hadn’t worked at all. The system wouldn’t recognize Eternal Hunger as a bow, even when he made it into one and tied a string himself, so it was back to the drawing board.

The thing is, Jake wasn’t the type to give up and had kept trying other things, only to get instantly roadblocked at every turn.

He’d once upon a time thought that perhaps the solution to this was easy enough: just turn Eternal Hunger into an arrow and shoot that… but that obviously hadn’t worked. If not, Jake would have been doing that all along. It had several problems, with the first one pretty obvious and why, perhaps even if he could make it into an arrow, it wouldn’t be that good of an idea: Eternal Hunger took time to change shape.

Usually, it took him several minutes to transform Eternal Hunger from one weapon shape into another, and that was while he focused intently on doing so. The weapon was malleable, but it was more like shaping liquid metal than playdough, and it took focus and time to do it properly.

One could probably easily spot the problem with Jake then trying to shoot Eternal Arrow like an arrow: he wouldn’t be able to use it as a melee weapon afterward. Jake had naturally instantly recognized this as a challenge and did have some considerations to alleviate the problem, but one thing at a time. Because he had one way bigger problem with his current idea:

Eternal Hunger couldn’t be transformed into an arrow.

Not to misunderstand, Jake could transform it into the shape of an arrow. He could make it look like a perfect metal arrow, big or small, and even make an identical copy of his Arcane Arrows just with Eternal Hunger… but it still wasn’t an arrow. At least not in the eyes of the system.

Needless to say, this wasn’t a good thing. Nearly every single one of Jake’s ranged fighting skills wouldn’t work if what he shot wasn’t an arrow. The system instead recognized Jake shooting Eternal Hunger akin to if he had just thrown the weapon. While having a mythical rarity spear thrown at you could do some damage for sure, it was nothing compared to even a regular arrow shot by Jake.

This was the primary issue Jake was facing when it came to making his upgrade to Protean Arrow, but also the reason why he was trying to make a fusion of Protean Arrow and Eternal Hunger in the first place. He recognized that he couldn’t make the system recognize Eternal Hunger as an arrow, but what if he could make it recognize it as just another ingredient that made up an arrow?

He already knew he could use Eternal Hunger as a catalyst and power source when doing alchemy, meaning it wasn’t solely a weapon and that the system had some flexibility. Was it really too much to ask to have it also qualify as an ingredient in a Protean Arrow? Jake sure didn’t think it was.

Referring to his research notes – because, yes, Jake actually felt the need to take notes to help jumpstart his memory of all the shit he had tried - he saw notes on his attempt of wrapping Eternal Shadow to a Protean Arrow with mana strings before and how that hadn’t worked. He had also tried making a simple shape and put Eternal Hunger inside of it, but once more, no dice.

So, he went to something way simpler to try and prove a concept. First, he took a dagger. Definitely not an arrow, right? Then, he took a stick. Still not an arrow. From there, he tied the dagger to the stick… didn’t quite work to make an arrow. However, when he made some more modifications, such as making it more aerodynamic, reshaping the blade a little bit, and putting it all together, suddenly he had an arrow.

If you encounter this narrative on Amazon, note that it's taken without the author's consent. Report it.

What’s more, when he took it apart again, the dagger returned to being recognized as a melee weapon, showing it was possible for something to change based on what it was combined with. However, he knew it likely had something to do with the Records of an object and how the system recognized it, which was proven right when he tried his same little experiment with enchanted items.

One tended to amplify the Records one wanted when making a magical item. Why would one bother using some of the innate Records of a dagger to also make it a good arrow? No, it was better to focus the Records solely on the weapon’s identity as a melee weapon to make it stronger where it was intended to be used.

However despite his challenges, Jake did find some success. Rather than Eternal Hunger itself, he’d several times constructed an arrow filled with curse energy, but his biggest breakthrough was when he transmuted a cheap spear by filling it with the Sin curse. It had definitely been a spear, and the system recognized it as a melee weapon with Fangs of Man, and when he tried to shoot it with his bow, it hadn’t counted as an arrow, so it definitely hadn’t been considered one.

Yet he managed to integrate it into a Protean Arrow after only a few hours of work. He had carefully constructed a formation inside the shell of the arrow, borrowing from his experience in the Nevermore Challenge Dungeon heavily. It hadn’t been his best work, but in the end, he managed to somehow push it over some threshold where it recognized the cursed spear as just part of an arrow and not an arrow by itself. All it had been was a power source for the Protean Arrow. One part of a whole.

To make things even better, the spear actually amplified the power of the arrow due to its far more durable form, courtesy of not being made of pure energy. To make it clear, it didn’t actually help him create an overall more powerful Protean Arrow to use a shitty common-rarity transmuted spear with it, as he had to spend too much time and energy on making the two compatible. But, it proved the concept, and Jake was certain that should he make an arrow successfully integrating Eternal Hunger, it would be far from weak.

It wasn’t something that could be done quickly, though. Jake had tried using the same method as with the common-rarity spear, but it had instantly failed. The problem wasn’t the idea itself but the power of the formation and Protean Arrow. The skill and how he used it simply wasn’t powerful enough to integrate a mythical weapon, so after a long time of consideration and testing, he landed on what he was currently doing:

Making the shell for the arrow… one tiny step at a time.

With Eternal Hunger as its base, Jake had very slowly begun to form the Protean Arrow around it. He did so from the bottom up, which was why the structure looked only half-complete. It had been three weeks since Jake began doing this, and the work to create the arrow was indeed long and arduous.

Hunkering down, Jake slowly got back to work in earnest. The space where he made the arrow was kept incredibly stable at all times to make sure the in-progress formation was kept intact even when Jake wasn’t there, and as he began to work on it, he loosened up the surrounding area where he would keep making the formation.

With a careful touch, he began extending the stable arcane mana he used to inscribe the formation, giving him a bit more space to work. Runes were also being infused into the surface of Eternal Hunger, once more stabilized by his arcane mana to not have the weapon absorb the energy. He needed to ensure that the arrow itself could tap into the powers of Eternal Hunger, but not the other way around, as he wasn’t looking to just feed a curse that could never be sated.

For the next hour, he worked intently as arcane energy now covered nearly a centimeter more of Eternal Hunger than when he started while still remaining stable. His mana was rapidly being drained, but a mana potion kept him going as he kept making the most complex formation he’d ever made in his life. Every single inch of Eternal Hunger would be covered in arcane energy that was infused with layers of runes and tiny magic circles, interlinked using the concepts of the Protean Arrow.

This was truly the only way Jake saw to have the Protean Arrow overcome Eternal Hunger. In pure energy and power, Eternal Hunger far surpassed anything else Jake had, so if he wanted Protean Arrow to be capable of making use of the mythical weapon, he needed to boost its Records by doing something else. Complexity was the most obvious answer and, thus, the one Jake had chosen.

All he was doing was hoping to hit that mysterious and unknown threshold where the system decided his efforts were good enough. He just needed one good push for Protean Arrow to upgrade in the direction of allowing him to encompass and use Eternal Hunger.

He also knew he only really had one good shot at this. Right now, the formation was naturally still only a work in progress and entirely dormant, and he would only know if his plan actually worked the second he activated the formation.

One could compare it to Jake currently making a large circuit board… scratch that; he was making an entire modern computer, except he couldn’t run any power through it before everything was fully complete. Should he have fucked up too badly anywhere along the way, the moment power was turned on, the entire thing could be fried. Or, perhaps even worse, it wouldn’t be able to do the job he needed it for.

Staying with the computer metaphor, it was as if he needed the computer to hit a certain performance level. Should the computer be too bad, it wouldn’t be able to run the program it was created for, and even if it didn’t outright crash, it would certainly damage itself while proving Jake simply wasn’t capable of making something able to do the job properly.

The only good thing about this kind of work was that Jake had been able to do a lot of it while injured. Now that he was fully healed, he could speed up a bit, and as he got comfortable and more confident, his construction speed also got faster.

This entire project honestly reminded Jake a bit of one of the Puzzle Cube challenges, and the gift from his Chosen ceremony definitely helped Jake make this happen. His mana control had always been impeccable, and now it was better than ever as he kept focus as more and more of the Protean Arrow took shape.

Hours passed, as Jake had to take intermitting breaks to recover mentally and restore his resources, with even these breaks there to theorize and write down the next part of the formation he had to create. The shell of the Protean Arrow had a total of five layers in most places, with each layer containing its own runes and magical scripts.

The entire structure had a spiral construction of sorts, with every layer directly connected to one another somewhere or another. Countless mana strings also functioned as bridges between the different layers, despite there only being a few millimeters between them in most places, with even these mana strings filled to the brim with small runes.

In surface area alone, this formation was utterly massive, especially when you took its small size into account. Mana-wise, the Protean Arrow would contain dozens of Jake’s full mana pool once he was done, and in truth, with just how much he’d already improved Protean Arrow just doing this process, he was confident in an upgrade… but he didn’t try to push for one yet. Not before the arrow was complete. Jake knew he skipped many steps and pretty much reached for the top from the get-go.

One thought had struck Jake during the meeting earlier regarding Ell’Hakan. They talked about how to trap him and prevent his escape… but was any of that necessary if he didn’t even get the chance to run? If the very first opening arrow dealt lethal damage, even if it couldn’t outright kill him, significantly weakened him and made him unable to put up a proper fight afterward?

No matter what, how could he go wrong with making his opening strike even stronger?

He just hoped he could finish this project before communication with the rest of the multiverse opened up once more… and with every passing day, he kept working on the Protean Arrow. His feeling it was soon time only grew, especially when he got a report from Miranda that now only three red planets remained in the galaxy.

With there being two merely a day later… and only a single one remaining not even a full day after that.




***
Chapter 991: An Impetus of Possibilities


***






The closer Jake got to completion, the harder it felt and the more nervous he became as he questioned if he’d gone about this the right way. The external time pressure of the final Prima Guardian being slain and the potential of communication opening up with the wider multiverse didn’t help either, but Jake knew he couldn’t let it impact him too much. He simply resigned himself to the fact he wouldn’t be done with his project in time…

And then a day passed. No news of the final Guardian being slain or any system messages appearing.

A second day went by. Nothing.

Followed by a third, a fourth, and soon, an entire week had passed by, at which point Jake no longer felt grateful he had some extra time but pure confusion about what the hell was going on. Enough to contact Miranda directly to ask if she had somehow missed telling him there were no red planets left. However, the response she sent made it clear she also wasn’t sure what was going on.

“I know it’s odd, and I’m doing what I can to figure out what is happening. So far, all we know is that the final planet is one firmly under the control of Ell’Hakan and the Holy Church, and honestly, one we expected to have had their Guardian killed far sooner. It took some effort, but we managed to locate a family who had once been living on this planet before the Prima Guardian event and had left because the Holy Church fully took over, and from the sounds of it, the planet is far from weak. It’s really odd that they didn’t join the Prima Guardian Alliance, though, even if they were powerful enough to deal with the system event alone. While I still can’t be sure yet, putting all this together, we can only conclude that they’re purposefully delaying killing the Prima Guardian for some reason. As for what this reason is… who knows? One would think the Church was also keen on reestablishing contact with their Patrons, but apparently, they want to get something done before that can happen.”

To summarize, some kind of scheme was going on. Jake genuinely had no clue why they were delaying like this, especially considering there was a chance some kind of reward existed based on how quickly the Milky Way finished dealing with the entire event. The Church and Ell’Hakan were, in essence, griefing the entire galaxy by refusing to kill the last boss to the benefit of everyone.

Maybe they wanted Jake or someone else to travel there to finish the event, only for it to be a trap? Or were they waiting to fully stabilize their power? Some internal conflict? There were so many possibilities that Jake didn’t even want to think about it but just kept focusing solely on his arrow.

There really was no need to stress about the outside world when he already had such a big stressor right there with him.

He felt like someone who’d been building the world’s largest house of cards and was now placing the last few dozen cards. With every touch, he feared the entire thing would come falling down, even if he knew that wasn’t really a possibility before he activated when. When Jake realized he only had about a day or two left of intense work, he contacted Miranda and told her not to contact him or allow anyone else to bother him until he was done. This final part would take absolute focus throughout.

Jake even went so far as to drink some of the soul-soothing dew water he’d used while healing to calm his nerves to ensure he could do the last touches properly. By now, only the top of the large arrow tip had to be covered with the rest of the formation. From there, Jake only had to make some finishing touches, and it was go-time.

Hours passed as Jake’s careful hand continued crafting the arrow. He connected the magic circles, drew the runes perfectly, and put it all in an interconnected web that should hopefully be powerful enough to merge with Eternal Hunger without instantly being overwhelmed and consumed.

For the first time in a long time, Jake was sweating as he willed the final bit of arcane energy to cover the tip of Eternal Hunger’s form. He added the required layers on top after that, double and triple-checking everything was according to how he wanted it. With a small nod, Jake lifted his hands away from the arrow that was now complete…

… alright, one more check-over to ensure nothing was out of place was definitely in order. And a good thing he did, as Jake spotted a flaw which was quickly rectified. He ended up spending nearly five hours just staring intently at the arrow from top to bottom before he felt satisfied and stepped back, having seen nothing obvious out of place.

Jake looked at the more than two-meter tall arrows-shaped Eternal Hunger and the translucent formation that covered it. It looked kind of bad, honestly, with the formation turning the arrow too bulky to look usable. It was as if Eternal Hunger was trapped in a crystal prison one was meant to break it out from, and the thing definitely wasn’t shootable like this.

Luckily, this wasn’t the arrow’s final form… because he still had the last step left to go. Jake didn’t have enough surface area to make the intricate runes and scripts he needed, which was why he added so many layers to give him space to inscribe, but naturally, this did result in the arrow becoming a bit too bulky.

So, the final step would be to remove those layers by combining them into one single-layered shell that would encompass and cover Eternal Arrow from top to bottom and merge with the mythical weapon. By far, this was the most crucial step, and Jake already half-expected something to go wrong.

If it did end up going horrendously, he had a few backup plans and was quite frankly fully willing to even pull out a bit of his Origin Energy if he believed it would help at some point. He hoped it wouldn’t be necessary and that the innate concepts of his arcane energy and its ability to change would be enough to accomplish his goal, but this was unexplored territory… and let’s be honest, something usually went wrong when Jake did things like this, and he had to do some hail mary to miraculously save everything.

Anyway, the primary goal of the formation was to empower the concepts of the Protean Arrow and his arcane energy which was core to the skill. For something to be Protean meant it was able to easily change. That it was versatile and adaptable. If that versatility was pushed to the extreme, then maybe, just maybe, it would be enough to even adapt to Eternal Hunger.

With a final look at the arrow, Jake decided to stop stalling and get on with it. Firstly, he dismissed the barrier all around him that had been stabilizing the space. This allowed mana to rush in and fill the room, putting him on a timer before it had any way to affect the in-progress arrow. Next, he reached out with his right hand and grasped hold right at the center of the arrow, where magic circles had been drawn for him to hold.

Here goes nothing.

Jake’s body exploded with energy as he activated his boosting skill fully. With it active, he would have far less control over what was about to happen, but right now, he didn’t need control but pure power. Potent arcane energy rushed through Jake’s body as it entered the crystaline structure and spread all throughout it as the room lit up in the color of his arcane mana.

All he could do was trust he hadn’t fucked anything up as the first crack sounded out. The outermost layer of the formation collapsed in upon the layer right beneath it, merging the two together in an instant using the arcane strings Jake had placed to function as bridges.

The entire structure seemed to be shaking as they were forcefully merged, with hundreds of small reactions happening every second, and Jake did nothing but infuse his intent and energy. He didn’t try to manually control anything at all but believed that everything should fall into its right place… assuming he hadn’t fucked anything up.

Another loud crack sounded as the two merged layers collapsed once more, colliding and merging with the one beneath it. The intensity of energy grew as all the arcane mana Jake had infused into the arrow over the last weeks was released, bringing more and more parts of the formation to life.

Shortly, another layer collapsed. One by one they all cracked and merged, the formation becoming more and more complex. Jake, despite his insane resistance to his own affinity and mana, felt his hand begin to burn with the insane amount of energy at play, as most of it was completely wasted and dispersed into the air or tried to enter Jake.

He didn’t care about the utter inefficiency of his work, but only that so far, nothing had broken yet. However, he was about to reach the most crucial stage. On Eternal Hunger itself, Jake had placed several runes that were there to merge the formation and the arrow-shaped mythical weapon that the system refused to recognize as an arrow. When the final layer collapsed and fell upon these runes, it was make it or break it if all of Jake’s preparations had been good enough, or all he had accomplished was to feed Eternal Hunger a buttload of arcane mana that, in truth, wouldn’t benefit it jack-shit due to their connection anyway.

Finally, all the layers of the formation had merged, and so far, Jake was admittedly astonished nothing had gone too wrong yet. Sure, the last part was the hardest, but so far so good. He didn’t exactly have the choice of stopping what he was doing either, but he just had to believe in his own skills and let his will guide the grand finale.

With a rush of intent, Jake sped up the last collapse. The many-layered formation that made up the shell covering Eternal Hunger was crushed into the weapon itself, as all the runes Jake had inscribed upon it came to life as they switched from being made of pure, stable mana to being fully active.

In an instant, the color of the room changed. The arcane affinity turned from the usual pinkish-purple to an incredibly deep purple as curse energy was released and mixed with it. Jake felt Eternal Hunger come to life as it began to greedily absorb the vast amounts of mana actively being pushed onto its form, the formation shell duking it out with the weapon.

Gritting his teeth, Jake continued doing nothing but hoping that things would work out. Cracks sounded out constantly, and shards of crystalized arcane energy fell on the ground, as the grand formation seemed to lose some of its prior thickness as more and more of its energy was drained.

Yet the integrity of the formation held. Rather than being broken, it was absorbed as the runes on Eternal Hunger continually grew in power. At this point, even with Jake’s incredibly high Perception, he wasn’t capable of keeping track of all the reactions going on between the formation and Eternal Hunger. This was many weeks of work and months of preparation leading to barely a couple of minutes of reactions all at once, with most of them happening now.

Jake was only waiting for the shoe to drop. For something to go wrong and his instinct to scream at him. For what he’d missed to reveal itself and force him to scramble to do a last-minute fix that would hopefully save everything… but it just didn’t happen.

Seconds ticked by, and the reaction just continued. Jake stood there, tense as could be, as the arcane and cursed light began to slowly fade. The energy within the room began to rapidly disperse until, finally, the room went still. No more reactions, no more energy released.

Jake stared at Eternal Hunger and its slight change.

Nothing looked like it had changed besides a deep purple – almost black – layer of crystalline arcane mana now covering the entire form of Eternal Hunger. It was not even a millimeter thick and just looked like a thick coat of paint… but Jake, who still had a hand on the arrow, smiled as he felt it.

As of this moment, he was no longer holding a weird arrow-shaped spear in his hand… he was holding an actual arrow, even in the eyes of the system.

With a big grin, Jake finally opened his system notifications and saw it.

Skill Upgraded: [Protean Arrow of Avaricious Horizons (Ancient)] --> [Protean Arrow of Eternal Horizons (Legendary)]

He didn’t delay and instantly checked the new description, and… hot damn was it long.

[Protean Arrow of Eternal Horizons (Legendary)] – Manifest your will as you forge an arrow to encompass all possibilities. Grants the skill to design and summon two types of extremely powerful arrows to strike down a targeted foe (only one arrow can the summoned at a time). Two versions of arrows can be created: one of pure energy and the other using a medium known as Impetus Arrows. Energy Arrows may be infused with several layers of energy dependent on the Hunter’s will. Impetus Arrows requires a powerful medium to direct the nature of the summoned arrow. Creating Impetus Arrows requires a significant amount of time, focus, and manual input, while Energy Arrows can be summoned relatively quickly and with far less effort. The Hunter may envision his foe and channel his Willpower into the creation process to further empower the final creation. The arrow summoned deals significantly increased damage to the envisioned target, dependent on Willpower and your familiarity with the target. Damage increased further based on level disparity, Perception, and distance traveled. Due to the Hunter’s powerful connection to the arrow, he can influence its flight path, and all effects can be further increased dependent on the Hunter’s connection to the medium used to create an Impetus Arrow. Stat bonuses are applied depending on the nature of the summoned arrow. May the horizon of possibilities remain eternal, as no foe proves themselves too powerful to slay; you’ve simply yet to create the arrow capable.

Summarizing the changes to the skill seemed complicated, but it really wasn’t. All that had changed was that Jake could now create another type of Protean Arrow using a medium, and the system had decided to call these arrows Impetus Arrows. Perhaps because all turning a medium into a Protean Arrow really did was empower it and allow the medium to become a “perfect” arrow infused with the concept of the skill.

Of course, the details were a bit more complicated, and Jake only saw more possibilities for the skill in the future. However, for now, he was more than satisfied as he couldn’t help grinning. Not just because of the massive upgrade he’d just gotten, but the circumstances under which it had happened.

This felt like one of the first times nothing had gone terribly wrong during something like this. Shit had just worked the way Jake had wanted it to, and his preparations had proven sufficient. After the utter failure that was his attempt to forcefully upgrade Palate of the Malefic Viper, this felt like a massive win, and perhaps what had happened then had influenced his success this time around. It had made him extra careful and considerate to ensure nothing went wrong, as to not replicate what happened then… even if it couldn’t have been as bad no matter what, seeing as Jake wasn’t fucking around inside his own Soulspace.

Still feeling in a good mood, Jake kept reading over the description time and time again, as he still just stood there holding Eternal Hunger with his bloody hand that had been nearly burned away by the intense energies it had been subjected to.

However, that’s when he noticed something… he’d gotten notifications about the skill upgrade and the new skill description, but due to its sheer length, he had missed this wasn’t the only message he’d received. Due to his hyperfocus, he hadn’t even noticed it… but during the final parts of the upgrading process, another system message arrived:

The last Prima Guardian had finally been slain.




***
Chapter 992: Administrator’s Seal of the Exalted Prima


***






Jake’s feeling that communication would open up for the Milky Way Galaxy hadn’t been entirely based on his guts. Sure, it had been ninety percent just a feeling, but the reason others had entertained the idea was because it seemed probable with the other aspects of the event taken into account.

Clearly, the system differentiated between galaxies and their performances. Each galaxy did its own event, and as per the system message received before the Prima Guardians arrived on their respective planets, rewards would be given once the final Prima Guardian was slain:

“All rewards from this event shall be given once all Prima Guardians of the Milky Way Galaxy have been slain or at the event’s natural expiration in five years. Rewards are based both on the performance of every individual and the planet’s performance as a whole.”

The wording also made it sound like the event would expire when the final Prima Guardian was slain, and if the event was over, why would communication remain jammed? All-in-all, there had been good reason to believe Jake had been correct.

Anyway… Jake was happy with his newly upgraded arrow and quickly put Eternal Hunger away with its new shiny coat of Protean Arrow goodness. The entire thing was perfectly stable after his success, and Jake wasn’t in a rush to use the arrow, as the coat should remain stable for at least a few years if he put it away and didn’t expose it to environmental mana.

To be clear, it was still only one arrow. The Protean Arrow enhancement would only last for a single shot and then Eternal Hunger would be back to just being Eternal Hunger and no longer an arrow in the eyes of the system. Hopefully, that single attack would be enough to kill most things, and even if it wasn’t, it was sure to deal tremendous damage.

But all good things in time. For now, Jake had some system messages to attend to, and after that, he had to check in with Miranda, talk to Villy, and figure out what had been going on over the last day or so while Jake was busily hyper-focusing on upgrading his Protean Arrow skill.

Opening the system messages he’d received, Jake saw it was a long one and got to reading.

The final Prima Guardian of the Milky Way Galaxy has fallen, and with it, the Exalted Prima’s assessment of your galaxy is complete.

Through their combined efforts, the Milky Way Galaxy is the first galaxy to slay every Prima Guardian, laying claim to their planets or losing them to the other native beasts of their homeworlds. The Exalted Prima has recognized and rewarded this achievement by naming the Seat of the Exalted Prima within the Milky Way Galaxy the top-ranked Seat of the universe. Records of this recognition permeate the galaxy and all those who hail from there. Be proud of what you have accomplished.

With the event concluded, certain restrictions placed upon the Milky Way Galaxy have been lifted; however, for the duration of the other galaxies of the universe doing their respective events, none can leave the galaxy, and communication within the universe shall remain fully restricted.

Due to their performances in this event, certain individuals have been granted additional rewards based on their contribution to the event and the number of Primas and Prima Guardians they have slain. Additional rewards have been granted to all Administrator Candidates based on their ranking. Due to the performance of the Milky Way Galaxy during the Prima Guardian event, the top five Administrator Candidates have been promoted to Seat of the Exalted Prima Administrators, granting them certain privileges once visiting the Seat of the Exalted Prima. Based on their rankings, their respective authorities differ.

There was a lot to unpack, but it was good to see their galaxy had indeed been the first in the universe to finish their event. Moreover, it seemed that the reward for this wasn’t something tangible but instead what Jake would call a galaxy-wide “buff” of sorts to Records. It should make it easier for everyone to keep getting levels and progressing… it wasn’t all good, though, dependent on where you were coming from.

This only further increased the value of the Milky Way Galaxy. There were already many with machinations on claiming the galaxy, and now they had just been further motivated. Moreover, the Seat of the Exalted Prima in the galaxy had also been improved, meaning claiming the galaxy would likely even help you take control of a World Wonder, something every single top faction would be highly interested in.

Things really weren’t going to end peacefully… but all that was a problem for later. Probably something he would have to think and talk about later that day, but still a little later.

The message also finally confirmed that some level of communication was indeed back on the table, though it was definitely still limited. No one could help other galaxies or contact them until they were done dealing with their own events, and traveling to other universes was also still out of the question. But it did sound like one could talk with those in other universes, and just being able to contact Villy was enough for what was to come, and the continued lockdown was only good for Jake and his plans.

Finally, the message ended with the top five Administrator Candidates being promoted to full-on Administrators, putting them one step closer to claiming the Seat of the Exalted Prima within the Milky Way as their own. Clearly, it was still a competition of who would ultimately claim it, seeing as there were five who got promoted.

As for who got the promotions… well, if it had been right after Jake had slain his first Prima Guardian, it would have been him at the forefront. Back then, he had the top spot, with Ell’Hakan second and what he now knew was the Desolate Child of Loss right beneath him. However, over the last months, things had changed.

Administrator Candidates promoted to Seat of the Exalted Prima Administrators:

1: Ell’Hakan

2:  Jake Thayne

3: Servant of the Holy Church

4: King Iludar

5: Voice of the One

In addition to these five being promoted, all other rewards have been granted accordingly. Other Administrator Candidates have been rewarded and given opportunities for promotion.

Jake didn’t particularly care about the last part, but the five people promoted were definitely of note… especially seeing as Jake had dropped down to the second spot. Actually, the mere fact Jake remained in second place was a testament to the power of the Prima Guardian Earth had faced and the faction Jake had ended up creating. Especially when one also considered the Voice of the One – Kindroth – was on the list.

Did you know this text is from a different site? Read the official version to support the creator.

Miranda wasn’t on the list because she was essentially an extension of Jake and not a World Leader. Ell’Hakan was there and had the top spot because he was the leader of the biggest coalition, while the Servant of the Holy Church was obviously from the Holy Church. On that note, calling themselves a Servant was obviously just some bullshit PR strategy to appear more humble and something the Holy Church loved doing way too much, which was also why they tended to not use names but only titles, even on places like the Nevermore Leaderboards.

As for King Iludar, Jake remembered Miranda mentioning he was one of the close aides of Ell’Hakan and the leader of a coalition that had joined him and the Holy Church. It wouldn’t be wrong to say he was Ell’Hakan’s Kindroth in that he was someone not directly connected to any of the largest factions of the multiverse but had chosen to align himself with them anyway and had reached his high position due to competence.

Jake didn’t really have much else to say about this list. If he hadn’t been a moron and gotten himself injured, he would likely have been able to take the top spot, as while Ell’Hakan did lead the top alliance in the Milky Way, he did so with many helpers who were bound to also show up on the list of Adminstrator Candidates. Meanwhile, Jake had a lot of people who weren’t candidates, meaning their contributions would mostly be attributed to him. Well, he and Kindroth, based on how the Voice of the One had done pretty damn well and earned himself a promotion.

Seeing Ell’Hakan with his name ranked higher on a list than Jake’s did feel bad, but it wasn’t anything he stressed over. Maybe the other Chosen got better rewards, and he did have an advantage when it came to ultimately claiming the Seat of the Exalted Prima, but if all went well, none of that would soon matter. Besides, it wasn’t as if Jake didn’t get any rewards.

He hadn’t noticed it, primarily because he hadn’t been using the ring, seeing as it hadn’t given any stats before, but now, the Seal of the Exalted Prima Jake had been rewarded after gaining access to the Prima Vessel was no longer just a useless decoration that only allowed teleportation. No, it had been thoroughly upgraded, and it was definitely time for Jake to change out one of his rings… because this was a good one.

[Administrator’s Seal of the Exalted Prima (Mythical)] – Proof that you are an Administrator of the Seat of the Exalted Prima and on your way to laying claim to a World Wonder. This item has been touched by the Exalted Prima, granting it potent abilities of adaption. This allows you to mimic a part of the Exalted Prima Guardian’s powers, giving you adaptable stats. These stats will apply dependent on your situation and your actions. These stats can exceed the stat cap provided by equipment by up to 5% or 2880 stats, whichever is lowest. The Administrator’s Seal of the Exalted Prima grants you ownership of the Prima Vessel on your home planet (Earth) and grants you the ability to teleport to it (limitations apply, cooldown based on the difficulty of the teleport). Wearing this Seal allows you to enter the Seat of the Exalted Prima of the Milky Way Galaxy (requires B-grade). Stat amounts granted by this item scale with level. Enchantments: +14400 Adaptive Stats. Adaptive Stat Amplication. Administrator’s Privileges. Administrator’s Teleportation. As you further your qualifications as an Administrator named by the Exalted Prima, this item can be further upgraded.

Requirements: Soulbound.

Jake very vividly remembered being jealous as hell of the version of this ring granted to everyone else but him after they had slain the Prima Guardian on Earth. He also remembered thinking that surely he would get his own version once the event concluded, and it turns out he had been entirely correct.

The ring back then had granted +10000 Adaptive Stats, and you could only exceed the stat cap by 2500. Jake’s here was clearly better, and what’s more, it would only keep getting better as he kept leveling up. Sure, maybe the others also got an upgrade to their rings, but Jake was more than happy.

Really, looking at the ring, it really was overpowered. Giving effectively 14400 stats was kind of close to half of the total stat points Jake could get from items, and one had to remember Jake had stupid high stats in the first place due to all his titles and the Malefic Viper Legacy skills being cheats.

Regarding the stats that the mythical item granted, it wasn’t hard to see where the numbers came from. 2880 was clearly from the fact he was level 288 in his race level, and 14400 was just half of that times a hundred. When put in perspective, it made it feel like the ring gave Jake an extra ten stats whenever he leveled up due to the ability to go above the stat cap, with the total stats granted by the ring increasing by fifty every time he gained a level. With how high Jake’s stat gain was, that did mean the ring with proportionally grow weaker with time, but the mere fact it scaled at all was huge. Plus, it said he had a chance to upgrade it further in the future, so he could totally see its scaling get re-adjusted later on.

As for all the other things the ring did… well, that was probably a big part of why it jumped to being mythical and not legendary, though the ability to scale and upgrade was already a pretty damn impressive ability. Granting the ability to teleport using the Seal was just the icing on the cake, not the mention the final part that, to many, was perhaps the most important:

It allowed him access to the Seat of the Exalted Prima in the Milky Way Galaxy… once he reached B-grade, that is. So still a way to go in that department, but at least this did seem to confirm that the fight for the Seat would continue in B-grade. Or, of course, one could also see it as it beginning right now, as every newly promoted Administrator had just been told they had until B-grade to get rid of any competition for the World Wonder.

Anyway, Jake naturally put on the new ring and discarded an old ring he bought even before Nevermore. Losing 1000 Perception, 200 Wisdom, and 200 Intelligence for 14400 Adaptive Stats definitely wasn’t a bad trade, and Jake instantly felt the connection with the ring and even his ability to teleport to the Prima Vessel.

Before, he had been already wearing the ring, but due to equipment limitations, he hadn’t been wearing, wearing the ring in the eyes of the system. Now, he was, and it felt pretty damn good. He tried testing it a bit as the others had done back when they got their own inferior versions of the ring, and it felt odd to actively have his stats amplified based on his actions. Summoning an orb of arcane mana, Jake felt his Willpower and Wisdom be amplified by the ring, and when he tried to make the orb more destructive, Intelligence also got boosted. Focusing a bit more on control with it, Perception even got improved.

Definitely an awesome damn ring, Jake concluded, happy with it. He also dove a bit into the teleportation feature of the ring to get a feel for how good it was. He had expected it to maybe work within the entire galaxy, but when he scanned the innate ability, he was surprised.

It was good… really fucking good. Jake wasn’t entirely sure, but he got the feeling that the teleportation would likely even work as an extra escape method of sorts in certain circumstances. It was powerful and high in conceptual complexity, which should make it capable of piercing many kinds of seals and formations. He didn’t think it would allow for teleportation between universes, but if combined with some extra help, then maybe…

Not that any of that was super important right now.

With his new ring on his finger, Jake considered what to do now. He had the option of contacting Miranda and getting an update on things from her, but he could also just reach out to Villy right away. He felt his connection with the god be more open now, but there were definitely still some restrictions on it, and he was pretty damn certain that while he should be capable of contacting the god, Villy couldn’t contact Jake. Moreover, Jake couldn’t just casually reach out but had to meditate and actively work on contacting the god.

This also meant Villy couldn’t watch his livestream of Jake’s actions. Probably for the best, as Jake would definitely have noticed even while hyper-focusing if someone was suddenly peeking at him, and that minor distraction could have been disastrous.

Seeing as contacting the god wouldn’t be an instant thing, he decided to reach out to Miranda first. Jake went over to the phone installed by Arnold and used it to call Miranda in her office. Instantly, it was picked up, but not by Miranda. Instead, Jake heard Lillian’s voice, and she sounded pretty damn stressed while speaking, not even giving Jake any time to get a word out.

“You’re finally done? Good, get your ass over here now… shit has hit the fan, and we’re not the only ones who’ve been plotting.”

Jake took a moment and saw he’d been hung up on. Lillian had definitely sounded like she was in a rush, and Jake didn’t delay as he quickly made his way up to the lodge and toward Miranda’s office, muttering to himself on the way.

“Probably a good thing I called there first…”




***
Chapter 993: Momentum In All Things


***






A lot could go wrong in a very short amount of time. Especially when there were so many factors at play and different people and factions with their own agendas running around trying to get the best out of the situation they possibly could.

To further complicate things, add on top of that people who thought they were allies suddenly no longer in agreement. Oh yeah, and to really fuck things up, have not only the ninty-third universe be in quite a state of change and turmoil, but have other places in the multiverse also reaching a boiling point.

Jake, after being told by Lillian to hurry, rushed to the office in Haven as quickly as he could and found the entire place scrambling. People were flying back and forth, and through his Sphere, he saw quite a few familiar faces being hard at work doing… something.

He didn’t spot Miranda anywhere, though, so he quickly headed inside and straight for Miranda’s office, where Lillian was yelling at two guys. They left quickly, and Jake took the opportunity to sneak inside. He revealed himself from stealth, with Lillian not even showing the slightest surprise at his sudden appearance.

“Good, you’re here, let’s go,” Lillian said, immediately going past Jake. “We’re heading to the Prima Vessel.”

Jake wanted to ask what was going on but followed for now as he reached out telepathically, talking as they walked.

“What’s happening?”

“A lot,” Lillian briefly answered before elaborating. “The moment the final Prima Guardian was slain, we barely had time to take it in before the attacks arrived. The Prima Vessels remain active even now, meaning the teleporters like the one Arnold made are still fully functional. What’s more, the regular teleportation circles for the Prima Guardian Alliance also still work and likely will continue to work until the event is fully over for the entire universe. We had halfway expected this, as the system clearly wants to facilitate diplomatic relations during this period, and allowing cultural intermingling is only expected… but we didn’t expect them to be used like this.”

“Who’s attacking? Ell’Hakan?” Jake asked, the two of them already heading to the teleporter in Haven to take them to the Prima Vessel.

“He’s certainly involved, but no, not directly… we neglected to consider a lot of things, including what would happen with the planets that had fallen to the Prima Guardians. The assumption was that they would be taken over by the local beasts, which did prove correct, but we didn’t expect them to immediately launch attacks once able, partly because we didn’t think they would be able to, seeing as they didn’t join the alliance,” Lillian said, the two of them having reached the teleporter as they kept speaking telepathically.

“How did they teleport when-“

“We’re not entirely sure, but we know they were allowed in by local beasts and monsters or at least allies of them,” Lillian cut him off as she activated the teleporter, making the two of them reach the other side of the planet in a flash. “Monsters usually don’t work together due to their nature, especially not different species… but in this instance, they have a uniting force: the alliance created by Yip of Yore. Most of the random gods we didn’t know much of have sided with Yip, or perhaps they had always sided with him… the result is the same.”

Jake tried to wrap his head around everything she was saying. He knew that Yip of Yore had a lot of gods on his side, sure. However, it didn’t sound like this was in any way within expectations just going by the otherwise cool and collected Lillian being this stressed out.

“Do we have any idea of how many gods are involved?” Jake asked. They had estimated at least a few hundred had to be involved and helping Ell’Hakan. However, if it was over a thousand, it could perhaps prove troublesome, but it shouldn’t-

“Thousands… way more than anyone could have predicted. The Holy Church is also far more involved than I first believed and seemingly ordered their followers to fully go along with Ell’Hakan’s plans,” Lillian answered, flying forward with her moonlight magic, Jake following her and easily keeping pace, the Prima Vessel right in front of them.

Inside, he spotted the expected characters. The Sword Saint, Miranda, Vesperia, Caleb, Sky Whale, Carmen, Kindroth, Casper, and several others who had also been in the lodge meeting had gathered, though absent were all the random World Leaders Jake had seen before.

Arnold, William, and Sandy were also inside the vessel but in the room with the teleporter, doing something. Jake wanted to ask Lillian about what but had more pressing questions.

“What in the actual fuck happened?” Jake asked, not even bothering with telepathy anymore as they reached the entrance to the Prima Vessel. “I know I was absent, but… alright, what’s the damage? What’s the nature of these attacks?”

“A lot of them are political, with people creating riots and what can only be called attempts at civil war. However, the biggest problem is the interference of the gods… they’re recruiting everywhere. Giving Blessings left and right to anyone who will do their bidding, including those who have any authority over the teleporters. Quite a few World Leaders have also even been tempted, with others switching sides. This is just talking about the enlightened, with the beasts and monsters a far bigger problem. We knew that the Holy Church didn’t consist solely of enlightened, but we didn’t expect them to have this many monsters hidden as part of their factions, too, just lying in wait.”

She proceeded to elaborate as they walked with hurried steps through the Prima Vessel, getting him fully up to speed about what had happened. As she said, two kinds of attacks had been launched instantly, one using the teleportation network established by the event and the other from internal conflicts on the planets. The primary instigators of this were the gods who supported Ell’Hakan, including many affiliated with the Holy Church.

Many of these individuals had apparently been prepared for what was to happen when it came to internal conflicts. Others were instantly informed as divine messages were sent from the gods the second communication was back on the menu.

Adding on top of that, the gods had begun spreading their faith and granting Blessings left and right. Usually, getting a Blessing from a god wasn’t easy at all, and getting a high-level Blessing required you to be an already extraordinary figure. However, now they were being offered with no more requirements than loyalty and being useful… with the most useful those who could operate the alliance teleporters.

Two fucking days… that was how long Jake couldn’t be contacted, and shit had well truly hit the fan as Lillian had said, and he wasn’t even sure where to start. He was confused about one thing, though, and turned to Lillian as they fast approached the control room where Miranda and the others were already actively discussing.

“This all seems so damn fast,” Jake said, now within earshot of the people in the control room. “Where did they get the guts to act this brazen? Aren’t they afraid of how we’ll retaliate?”

“They don’t appear to be, and I believe It’s strongly due to what’s happening in the rest of the multiverse… more accurately, in the first universe,” Miranda answered as she turned and looked at Jake with a grave look as he and Lillian had arrived at the open doors to the control room.

“Elaborate,” Jake said, returning her serious look.

“Right as communication was reestablished, I made contact with my Patrons, and they were in a panic,” Miranda said, looking Jake in the eyes. She looked as if she really didn’t want to say the next part, but took a deep breath and did so as she knew there really wasn’t a choice.

“I don’t know how or from where, but it was leaked that the Malefic Viper had forcefully interfered in something in the ninety-third universe using a Transcendent Skill and had suffered a backlash from doing so, leaving him injured… Yip of Yore took advantage immediately. I’m still very unclear on the exact situation, but as I said, my Patrons are in a panic, and things aren’t looking good as Yip and his allies have gone on the offensive, and the Order is in shambles.”

The others in the room also had severe looks on their faces as Miranda spoke. A pit had opened in Jake’s stomach as he heard this, guilt washing over him, and he clenched his fists hard.

“Jake… I know the Malefic One has some plans, but he couldn’t have planned for what happened a few months ago, and… this doesn’t feel controlled at all. I don’t think this is something the Viper intended or is part of his schemes, and you really need to talk to him if possible.”

A single drop of blood fell from Jake’s right fist as his nails dug into his skin, but he didn’t react and just turned around quickly, not even having to say that he was on his way to contact the Viper… assuming he was able to.

Momentum.

Many factors played a role in a fight, but perhaps the most important was momentum. To have the other party move to the beat of your drum and dictate the flow of combat was essential to come out victorious and overpowering your opponent. Jake had won many battles throughout his life, not because he was stronger than his foe, but because he was able to claim momentum and never lose it, making the other party fail to fully display their power as he simply never gave them the opening to do so.

Control over momentum was one of the reasons why Valdemar was viewed as a near-unbeatable machine. He was able to forcefully break through your momentum and reclaim it with a single swipe of his axe and shift his gear in an instant if the battle required it. However, it wasn’t only in a fight momentum held so much importance.

In wars, it was arguably even more important. Having momentum meant you had high morale, motivated fighters, and belief in victory. For the longest time, there hadn’t been any true conflict between the Malefic Viper and Yip of Yore. Everything had just been a proverbial dick-measuring contest or a proxy battle using their Chosen. Things hadn’t truly escalated as Yip had continued to build himself up until he believed it was time to strike and begin their actual battle. He was waiting for a moment where striking would allow him to instantly claim momentum and set the pace of the conflict… and such an opportunity had been handed to him on a silver platter.

The Malefic Viper, a Primordial who hadn’t proven himself for a long time and was someone only surviving on his reputation, had gone and gotten himself injured. When one spoke about gods getting injured, one never really considered physical injury, as such things could easily be healed.

Such couldn’t be said about injuries to the soul. Soul injuries could take extremely long to heal for gods, and sometimes, the god couldn’t recover fully at all. In lower grades, one could recover from nearly everything simply with time and the system helping out, but that wasn’t the case for gods. Time tended to do very little, and expensive items and other such things were required for recovery.

Of course, seeing as the Malefic Viper was an alchemist, it was expected he had methods to speed up his recovery, but no one believed even he could heal instantly, especially not when he had presumably directly interfered with another universe with his Transcendent Skill during a system event. That’s why Yip of Yore hadn’t hesitated and pushed forward his plans as he made his move the moment he learned of it.

Starting a fight with your enemy already on the back foot was the best way to instantly claim momentum, especially for someone like Yip of Yore, who benefitted from concepts such as momentum far more than anyone else. The narrative escalation directly empowered him, and as he built to the grand finale, he would only grow stronger and stronger until it was finally time to face his fated enemy.

But before that, he had to keep building his legend while undermining belief in the Primordial.

Ever since the Malefic Viper had returned, his Order had begun to once more expand, but now these expansions proved to be nothing more than easy targets for Yip and his minions. Gods didn’t even have to get involved, as branches in several universes were attacked before they even stood a chance at mustering a proper response.

Territories claimed by the Order were taken and promptly returned to the factions the Order of the Malefic Viper had claimed them from when they established their branches, assuming there were any survivors yet to reclaim the land, that is. Yip of Yore swept through like a hero, purging the presence of the Malefic One wherever he went.

The Order naturally responded as battles broke out that made the conflict in the Milky Way Galaxy look like children playing in comparison. S-grades died in the thousands as none had yet to deploy gods directly, but things were heavily escalating as the multiverse looked on.

Everyone waited. Waited for the Malefic One to make himself known and crush the conflict as the Primordial he was, yet as the days passed… nothing. No response at all from the Viper himself, and when it was leaked that the Lord Protector had taken charge of dealing with the conflict, doubt only grew.

Yip of Yore happily jumped on this, proclaiming the Viper was afraid of facing him. With every passing day, his words only appeared more and more like the truth, as it was clear the Order was on the back foot. They simply didn’t have the numbers Yip of Yore had been able to muster, and many of the gods part of the newer generations were excited at the prospect of going after the old guard of the multiverse.

It wasn’t even a secret that many gods were unsatisfied with the status quo of the multiverse. The largest factions were all established in the first few eras, with no new ones ever growing to even be worthy comparisons. They saw Yip of Yore and what he was doing as an opportunity to change this, and not just because it would make them feel better, but to set a precedent.

Records worked in mysterious ways, and if Yip of Yore managed to truly prove himself a being capable of standing up to the ancient gods, he would also prove it was possible for the new gods to catch up and rival the ancients. A real chance for a new peak faction to appear in the multiverse, not ruled by a god who ascended in the first couple of eras.

Of course, many still doubted Yip of Yore, but with every passing day, belief in him grew. Especially when no other faction stepped in to interfere. Perhaps because they feared Valhal would also step in if they got involved, but the result was that all the peak factions of the multiverse were nothing but passive observers of everything going on.

At least they were passive in ninety-two of the universes… but the same couldn’t be said about the ninety-third, where they were far keener to get directly involved, especially the Holy Church and Valhal.

Not many focused on this new universe, though, as all eyes were on the two gods who were bound to face one another sooner rather than later, and all were waiting for when the Malefic Viper would finally respond… and if said response would be enough to turn the momentum in his favor, or only continue to build Yip of Yore’s.




***
Chapter 994: Exactly What He Wants


***






Viridia stepped through space as a verdant aura followed in her wake, consuming the corpse of a slain S-grade who’d come for her life. Raising her hand, a magical seal filled the empty cosmos as a gateway to the Lagoon opened, sending out tendrils to attack the two S-grades, battling her guardians and putting them under immense pressure. Her two opponents both reacted as one of them raised a sword and sent a web of crescent blades her way, severing the tendrils before they had the chance to do any harm.

However, as the cut-up tendrils fell, the pieces all transformed into female figures that shot toward the same sword-wielding warrior from before. His eyes opened wide as once more his blade flashed, all remnants of Viridia’s magic fully dispelled with his follow-up attack.

She had achieved her goal, though, and her two guardians had managed to team up on the second S-grade, injuring him heavily. The sword-wielding S-grade saw his comrade in trouble and, considering the two of them were also running low on resources after having battled for nearly a full day, made a decision.

Pointing his sword to the distant stars above, silver light erupted as his weapon seemed to grow in size. A thousand swords fanned out and bloomed from his raised blade, the aura of a man recognized as a true swordmaster spreading as space itself was cut and broken in several places. Viridia responded as she held out what looked like a doll resembling a toad. Crushing it in her palm, a mirage of a giant creature appeared behind her, opening its mouth as a wave of very much real acid was released, seeking to corrode the swordmaster.

”I will have to take my leave, Lady of the Verdant Lagoon,” the swordmaster said with a bow as his blades met her beam of acid, the two attacks nullifying one another. ”I hope you have time to realize the errors of your way before it’s too late… and if not, let our next meeting be the last.”

Her two guardians tried to attack the swordmaster, but he easily fended them off and created an opening as he and his comrade made their escape, teleporting after making some distance and getting out of the spatial seal created by one of her guardians.

Viridia frowned as she saw the Chosen of one of the Godqueens supporting Yip of Yore leave and clenched her fists in frustration at failing to take down someone so many levels below herself… but she knew it hadn’t really been an option in the first place. Even if she had been stronger, someone of his status was bound to have plenty of trump cards hidden to, at the very least, keep his life.

”Hall Master, the enemy is retreating from this and the neighboring galaxy, regrouping here,” one of her guardians promptly informed her as he summoned an elaborate map using mana, only making Viridia sigh more.

The moment they had any kind of advantage, Yip of Yore had his forces retreat, never giving the Order any chance to land a proper blow. She wanted to give the order to chase but was fully aware that wouldn’t end well for them, so she focused on what she could do.

”Any news of Aisorok?” she asked, inquiring if anything had been uncovered related to the missing newly appointed Hall Master.

”Nothing as of now. He remains missing, but things point to their ambush succeeding,” the guardian responded.

”How about the Bloodwing Duchess?”

”She got back in contact, having successfully escaped, but suffered significant injuries as she had to use a dangerous skill,” the guardian shook his head. ”She estimates full recovery should take her around a century, faster if she has access to high-quality blood.”

”Providing that shouldn’t prove too difficult,” Viridia spoke, waving her hand as a portal appeared. ”We’re heading to the next battlefield immediately. Recover on the way.”

”Yes, Hall Master,” both responded in unison as they took to the next area.

For the Hall Master herself to be this involved in the conflict may seem weird to many, but Viridia truly didn’t have a choice. There weren’t that many S-grades officially part of the Order in the first place, and as the highest-ranked mortal, Viridia felt a responsibility to step up. In part, she did this to show that the Order was fighting back with full force, and so far, she had single-handedly slain over forty S-grades of varying power.

This number barely registered in the statistics of how many had fallen on both sides thus far, which made Viridia very worried. They were outnumbered, and not by a little, even when one considered the people deployed by the Hidden Ones supporting the Order from the shadows. Their faction had never been a large one in the first place, and while each of their S-grades tended to be stronger than the enemy’s, the gap wasn’t that large.

The battle had only been raging for a couple of months, but the damage was already great, and nearly all of the newly established Halls were destroyed. A few had their leaders manage to muster a defense, beating back the enemy and evacuating, while others stupidly tried to hold their ground, but the result was clear on all fronts… they had to retreat or die, taking down as many enemies in the process as possible.

Over the last decade, the Order of the Malefic Viper had actively expanded into most other universes, and now, in only a few months, they had been pushed back out of all but three, with that number rapidly dwindling to only the first universe.

Viridia was trying to help them evacuate while strengthening their foothold in the first universe. No matter what, they couldn’t lose any ground on Primordial-4, and so far, Yip’s forces hadn’t even tried. The fact they hadn’t wasn’t a comforting thing, though, as Viridia knew this was only the beginning.

This was still nothing more than a battle of mortals. Gods moved the pieces on the chessboard, but neither player had decided to get up and punch the other party yet. No one seemed willing to make the first move either.

Yip of Yore and his side didn’t have to. They were winning ground without any direct divine interference, so why would they want to escalate? Everyone knew that the second a god acted directly, it would turn the conflict into something entirely different than what it was now. Even the gods who had been in other Halls of the Order had only been able to stand by and do nothing as the local branch was destroyed, none willing or able to be the one responsible for an escalation. In many instances, even trying to help them evacuate could be seen as gods now getting involved… it was all so truly frustrating.

During all this, countless factions were watching on, but none had gotten involved, not even Valhal. The neutral factions expectedly stayed out of everything, and while some did believe many were just waiting for a chance to pick a side, the predominant belief was that none would get involved once more due to the fear of escalation.

No one knew if the Order had allies no one knew about. If any ancient accords existed that would come into effect if any of the other big players of the multiverse got involved. There was also a fear that an enemy faction would use it as an excuse to get involved. It was very well-known that whenever the Risen got into a big conflict, the Holy Church always found some excuse to also get involved, and vice-versa. There were no indications any of these two were interested in stepping in, though.

If you spot this narrative on Amazon, know that it has been stolen. Report the violation.

An important distinction also had to be made there. While the Holy Church had allied with the Chosen of Yip and Yore, and the two factions supported one another in the ninety-third universe, there was no alliance or relationship of any kind outside of that one galaxy in the new universe.

However, even if no other factions stepped in, Viridia knew an escalation did have to happen at some point. The problem was that none at the Order of the Malefic Viper knew what their Patron wanted them to do. The Lord Protector had taken charge and directed the mortal forces of the Order, as he had done so many times before, but this time wasn’t the same as the prior conflicts. Their Patron had returned… the Malefic Viper was back… yet so far, he’d done or said nothing.

Even so, Viridia refused to doubt him. He was the Malefic One. A Primordial. The Patron of the Order she had dedicated her life to, and even in this period of conflict, she didn’t waver in her faith once. She would trust the Viper until he either proved them all wrong and dealt with the situation as he saw fit… or something happened that made it impossible to keep faith.

Viridia didn’t see that as an option. She simply couldn’t imagine a world where a Primordial fell, much less the Malefic One… and she wasn’t going to give her enemy a chance to even reach him as long as her life remained intact.

No one could get in contact with the Malefic Viper, but one mortal was certainly trying.

Jake had hurried to leave the Prima Vessel and gone to the small outpost with the teleporter nearby. There, he’d quickly found an empty room in one of the temporary buildings, sealed it using his arcane mana, and gotten to work. He had to put down a pretty basic formation to contact the Malefic Viper, doing what was essentially a religious ritual.

He was nervous as he finished everything and tried to reach out. Guilt was eating at him as he blamed himself for everything that was going on. Jake knew the Viper had a lot of plans and intricate scheming, but as Miranda said, he couldn’t have planned for Jake to fuck up. No one could. If he’d somehow messed everything up due to his own stupid experimentation with Origin Energy...

As these thoughts whirled around in his head, he felt the bridge between universes form as he made contact with the Malefic Viper. Jake also felt that the ritual was barely needed anymore, meaning that he could communicate like he had before all this went down. It could be compared to a phone line having been cut over, and Jake had now fixed it and fully reestablished the connection... at least for now.

Jake also instantly felt the Viper’s gaze back upon him, and before Jake could speak, the Viper’s voice echoed in his head.

”You look like a mess… something stressing you out?”

The tone of the Primordial felt out of place. He sounded relaxed and unbothered, making Jake confused as he answered. ”You’re stressing me out. What the hell is happening on your end? Something about a war? How are you doing?”

”Wow, instantly putting all the responsibility on me, huh? Well, alright, yeah, we got a little scuffle going on over here. It’s just the kind of thing that happens when gods compete; mortals get caught in the crossfire. You shouldn’t worry overly much about it. It’s not like any of your C-grade friends will get involved. As for how I’m doing? Could be better, could be worse, I guess,” the Viper said, the last part in an almost teasing tone.

”No, really, how are you?” Jake kept asking, concerned. ”You used your Transcendent Skill to help me during the event…”

”First, let’s just make it clear those are two separate things, both problematic. Interfering in the ninety-third universe wasn’t something the system liked, and I did indeed have to pay for having done so. Transcendent Skills also all require a price to be paid upon usage, especially when the skill is fully used, as it was in this case. Combined, using a Transcendent Skill to interfere with a system event in a restricted universe is indeed not something that can be done for free, and a significant level of backlash is only to be expected,” Villy explained.

Jake wasn’t sure why the Viper wanted to point out that those two things weren’t the same, especially in this situation where they both clearly mattered. However, he felt like the Viper didn’t want to tell him everything, so he asked the most important question:

”Will you be alright?”

”I dare anyone to claim I won’t be,” the Viper simply responded, his voice confident. ”I told you this many times before, Jake. Don’t worry about me. You’re far too young and weak to be worrying about me, and clearly, you’ve shown plenty of propensity to make yourself not alright on several occasions, so maybe you should focus on yourself first? Speaking of… how are you doing? You look a lot better than I expected you to.”

”I’m fully healed,” Jake said, and for the first time the response of the Viper seemed surprised.

”Already? Not bad, not bad at all… Palate is still fucked, though, but we can talk about that later. Hm, I also feel something else different… wait, what happened to that Unique Lifeform of yours?”

Jake didn’t question how the Viper knew something had happened as he proceeded to explain what had gone down. He gave a super brief overview of the system event at the Viper’s prompting and then explained what had happened to the Fallen King and everything related to the Desolate Child of Loss and what he’d learned, though he did get the feeling the god had guessed a lot related to the Desolate Child from when he healed Jake. Villy was quiet for a bit after Jake was done talking, as he seemed to consider everything.

”The Runemaiden is correct, and this is clearly a False God you’re dealing with. Man, your little world really does have everything for something like that to appear, especially such a rare and powerful one. The Records of your galaxy are seriously out of whack and something worth studying more closely with all the weird shit going on. Also, I’m sorry about the Unique Lifeform. I can help take a look at the mask when you can come to the Order, but let me offer some words of comfort: as long as the Truesoul remains, there is hope. Even if the entire body is destroyed and there is nothing else, everything can be rebuilt with the Truesoul as the basis, assuming the system allows it and the Unique Lifeform was as competent as I believe him to be,” Villy commented on the situation, his words offering some comfort. Jake had bitten onto one portion of what he said, though.

”You said ”dealing with” the False God. Present tense. Do you mean that…?” Jake asked, hoping the Viper wasn’t insinuating what he thought he was.

”Based on what you told me, it more than likely still lives. False Gods are very hard to kill as long as faith in them persists. They are very malleable creatures that are a pain to get rid of, as death often only means they undergo change rather than perishing.”

”Well, fuck,” Jake muttered.

”Eh, going by what you said, you clearly have the tools to handle it. If nothing else, send the Runemaiden after it; she can take care of the little False God,” the Viper said casually.

”No fucking way am I sending her alone,” Jake protested. ”Unless you mean to take her with me. If we all go together, we can definitely find a way to kill it for good.”

”Why bother? Just send her. She’s a damn Runemaiden fighting a False God that seemingly possesses only the powers of desolation. It’s not a fair fight at all,” the Viper insisted in his casual tone.

”Does she hard-counter the Desolate Child or something?” Jake asked, unsure why the Viper insisted she could handle the False God and even more unsure why he seemed kind of annoyed at the prospect despite being the one suggesting it.

”Something like that… anyway, let’s discuss more relevant matters,” the Viper said, getting things back on track after what seemed like a random side track. ”Get me fully up to speed on how things are looking in your universe because all I know from over on this side of the proverbial veil between worlds is that Yip of Yore hasn’t just launched an offensive in the old universes.”

”Yeah, shit’s also going down here…” Jake said, as he very briefly gave the Viper an overview of what he had just been told only a few minutes prior.

”Sounds like he’s going for a big takeover, huh…” the Viper said, deep in thought.

”For sure,” Jake nodded. ”Do you have any thoughts on things?”

”I do, I do. But I would like to hear where your mind is at first,” the Viper said.

Jake was silent for a moment before sighing. ”I just wanna fucking kill the guy and get this bullshit over with. I’m tired of Ell’Hakan just starting shit all the time. You know, I was already planning to launch an offensive, but the moment I am about to do something, he moves first. It’s so damn frustrating. I wanted to attack before communication even opened up, but I wanted to talk to you first to make clear I wasn’t messing anything up on your end… well, more than I already have. Anyway, that’s where my head is at.”

Villy thought for a while as he spoke in the kind of tone where Jake knew the god was grinning on the other side. ”You know… we could do something really funny and entirely unexpected.”

”What?” Jake asked, curious.

”Give the Chosen exactly what he wants… a heretic and would-be Usurper of the Malefic Viper.”




***
Chapter 995: A Grand Scheme


***






The conflict between the Viper and Yip of Yore was beginning to enter its later phases, pushed forward by recent happenings, and as any good schemer, the Viper had adapted to the situation.

In truth, Jake really didn’t want to do more schemes to get one over Ell’Hakan, but he was caught between a rock and a hard place. While he didn’t want to be a schemer, the Viper sure did, and it was a good thing Jake had talked to Villy because if he had just gone with his plan of attacking Ell’Hakan, it could have messed with Villy significantly. Especially if Jake succeeded.

Jake didn’t really want to do anything that could mess with the Viper… especially not when he felt shitty about the entire situation with Palate, and he felt like he owed the god a massive favor. So, despite not being a fan of not just taking the simplified approach of putting an arrow in Ell’Hakan’s skull, he would go along with whatever the Viper wanted. Assuming the plan didn’t suck, that is.

”I’m not sure I’ll like whatever you’re about to suggest, but sure. Shoot,” Jake said.

”Alright, this is going to be a long one, so strap in. I have been thinking how to really leverage this entire angle of you being unsatisfied with me as your Patron, and everything does really seem to be lining up well for us to tell a little story. Your display of catering to Valhal in front of Ell’Hakan’s men was a nice touch, and for a while now, many have been expecting something to happen with you. So let’s make it happen,” the Viper said before he continued.

”Let me also clarify one more thing. While it’s common knowledge by now I used my Transcendent Skill to do some form of interference in the ninety-third universe, no one truly knows what I did there. Not anyone who would rat me out anyway. If we want, we can even spin it to me having done something to you as part of my efforts of making you unable to be freed from me even if you wanted to. Honestly, me doing something like that would also fit my personality and reputation, wouldn’t you agree?”

”No, not really,” Jake shrugged. ”You don’t seem like the kind who would bother forcing someone into servitude that way. Seems inefficient, and I doubt anyone like me would ever take that lying down, making it seem childishly evil.”

”Duh, of course you wouldn’t, which is why you are really fucking angry I did it to you,” the Viper said. ”And looking evil isn’t a problem, as I am evil, right? Evil and arrogant.”

”One question,” Jake said, skipping back a bit in the conversation. ”How do people even know you used your Transcendent Skill? It happened inside my Soulspace, right? Through your Records and whatnot? No one should have seen any of that.”

”It did indeed happen in your Soulspace, but I did have to pierce the veil between worlds to get there. Not fully, but I had to do something the system didn’t like for me to assist you. Doing something like that is bound to send echoes out, and many felt I did something,” the Viper explained. ”Eversmile then confirmed it afterward, being the go-to kind of guy to notice stuff like that with his constant karmic tracking of most notable figures in the entire multiverse.”

”And he then told Yip of Yore?”

”Not sure he even had to, but yes, he did help Yip reach the conclusion that now was a great moment to strike,” Villy confirmed.

”At this point, I’m still not sure if that guy is a friend or foe…” Jake muttered.

”Sometimes the world isn’t black and white.”

”I would prefer if it was,” Jake sighed, finding all of this scheming incredibly tiring. He wanted to ask more about if the Viper would really be fine, but held himself back as he returned to the topic before. ”Anyway, you want me to come out as a heretic or what?”

”Kind of, but not really. Not fully, at least. I want you to aim higher than merely being a heretic… I want you to aim to be a Usurper of my Path,” Villy said, Jake knowing he was grinning evilly on the other side before really laying out his plan:

”Think about it… the Chosen of the Malefic Viper is wavering in his faith, something the evil Primordial, of course, notices. Therefore, he injects – or had already injected - his Chosen with a conditional poison that will activate should he move too close to the line of being a heretic. This ends up happening during the system event, forcing the Viper to activate the poison, but due to the barrier, he ends up having to use his Transcendence to break through, and even then, he only ends up injuring his Chosen. Perhaps as a warning, or perhaps because he wasn’t able to entrap him outright due to the system… it doesn’t matter. All that matters is that the Malefic Viper knows his Chosen is rebelling and isn’t happy about it.”

Jake listened, looking for any obvious plot holes as he did point one out: ”Why wouldn’t you just retract your Blessing or outright kill me?”

”Kill you? Kill Jake Thayne, the Harbinger of Primeval Origins and the one holding the top score on the Nevermore Leaderboards? That guy? Nah, killing him would be such a waste and uselessly piss off other factions who want to use him. Nah, better to make it impossible for him to escape while skirting the rules set by the Bloodline Accords. You underestimate your own value, Jake. You’re like a precious natural treasure, and would the avaricious Malefic Viper really give that up so easily?”

”Fair enough,” Jake muttered, motioning for the Viper to continue to spin his story, gladly accepting the compliment.

”Anyway, clearly, you aren’t happy with me and are looking for a way out. But you are also greedy. Ambitious. You have begun to read the currents of change and believe you finally found a way to escape my clutches without missing out on anything: becoming a Usurper of my Path. It makes a lot of sense. As my Chosen, you are in a prime position to do it, and it isn’t like there’s no precedent for Chosen ending up turning on their Patrons and trying to consume their Path. That’s also why you won’t outright denounce my Blessing, but you will show tendencies of a heretic, forcing me to either retract my Blessing and suffer another backlash or simply accept that’s happening. You usurping me would allow you to not lose anything and keep your Path as an alchemist and all my skills without any restrictions. Of course, it would be hard for you to do as a mere C-grade, but with the help of Valhal? Yeah, it could totally happen. Naturally, for you to usurp me, having me be dead first is highly preferable, making you more than happy to help Yip of Yore weaken me further while empowering him through the narrative of turning me into a Primordial that’s not even able to have his own Chosen stay loyal, while at the same time not being smart enough to cut my losses when I probably should have.”

Jake had to admit the Viper had clearly been thinking about this a lot, or maybe he was just making stuff up on the spot, but Jake found himself nodding along as he imagined what he would have done if Villy turned out to be an utter dickhead. He didn’t want to hurt his own Path, so renouncing the Viper entirely and joining Valhal didn’t seem that appealing, but making the Viper’s Path his own by usurping it? That would result in Jake losing pretty much nothing outside the powerful backing of a Primordial, something he would instantly replace with Valhal.

”Of course, being an aspiring Usurper doesn’t directly make you an ally of Yip of Yore or Ell’Hakan. Your interests just temporarily allign, so it makes sense you remain cautious of the other Chosen, especially seeing as you are still competing. You switching to wanting to be all buddy-buddy with him wouldn’t make any sense, but showing a bit of restraint until your Patron is dealt with? That you can do. Afterward, you will leave with Valhal, who also only has a temporary alliance with Yip of Yore. In other words, you’re not allying or forming any positive relations with your opponents; you’re just selfishly using them to fulfill your own goal of being free of me and usurping my Path. What’s more, none of your emotions should you encounter Ell’Hakan would be wrong. He is no mind reader, and your feeling of dislike is only to be expected. You clearly don’t like him, and this won’t change that, and you will continue to restrain yourself until the situation between Yip and I is dealt with.”

Again, Jake didn’t find any obvious flaws in what the Viper planned, though he would still be very cautious around the other Chosen. None of them truly understood Ell’Hakan’s Bloodline, and while Jake didn’t think it was some perfect sniffer of schemes that could instantly determine Jake was up to something, he didn’t see the need to risk meeting the guy if he could avoid it.

”Alright, let’s just say I’m all on board so far… why the hell would they believe this tall tale? Also, you said I would be a heretic, but it doesn’t sound like I’ll actually reveal my identity as a heretic. Thought a part of your plan was to have this entire shocking reveal where I suddenly switched to fully unleashing my inner heretic aura,” Jake pointed out.

”Oh, you’ll have your moment, don’t you worry. Just not right away. Can’t frontload everything. No, you will become a heretic when I’m truly pushed into a corner, and in my pure anger at fully discovering your betrayal and the fact you’re helping my enemies, I will reclaim my Blessing and brand you a heretic, at which point, you just go ahead and unleash that bad boy,” the Viper said, enjoying this far more than someone who was currently in a deathly conflict with another pinnacle god.

”I assume you would let me know?”

”Naturally,” Villy said in a cheerful tone, as he seemed to be enjoying how his scheme was coming together.

”Still haven’t touched on why they would believe everything if I don’t even reveal myself as a heretic,” Jake once more pointed out.

”I was getting to that, jeez, the impatience,” the Viper said, continuing to explain his dastardly plan. ”Any good lie needs at least some element of truth. The fact you aren’t a real believer and have that inner heretic is just one part that you can show off, you just need to keep the actual heretic aura hidden. You can shit-talk me all you want to sell the lie, and I’ll only be slightly offended when I hear what you said about me after all this is done.”

”Oh, I thought I could shit-talk you at all times already,” Jake joked with a smile.

”Rude… anyway, besides mixing some lies with truth, how about we do one better? Physical evidence that I poisoned you to keep you under my control,” Villy definitely smirked on the other end.

”You know, I’m about fifty-fifty on if you actually did poison me or you are referring to something else,” Jake muttered.

”Oh, but I did poison you. Don’t you remember? Before you returned to Earth from your Tutorial, I made you undertake the Trial of Myriad Poisons, upgrading your Palate and Blood skills in the process,” Villy reminded him. ”Of course, this is where the version of what happened may differ a bit. But honestly, my version is way more probably, as who would believe that some weak E-grade managed to consume a drop of my blood, managed to suppress its Innate Records, and is now storing it in their Soulshape? Preposterous!”

Jake had a wry smile as the god kept going.

”No… no, it’s far more probable this drop was planted there by the Malefic One. A bomb within your soul, ready to corrode you from the inside out at my command. Oh, the horror of living with this, with me having lied about it, saying it was there to benefit you, but as your doubt about me has grown, the truth was revealed, which was what led to all this and me using my Transcendent Skill. Only Valhal can keep you safe now, and only my death can fully ensure your safety. Oh, and the drop will surely function as an excellent jumping-off point to truly make yourself my Usurper.”

”Man, all this is actually starting to sound pretty solid,” Jake said, nodding thoughtfully. ”Maybe you’re onto something with this entire betraying you thing. Becoming a Usurper does sound kind of fun. I should ask Carmen if we can make this thing with Valhal official and unite to take down the evil snake god and his cult.”

”Not a cult, it’s an Order, big difference,” Villy said jokingly before turning a bit more serious. ”But you know what? If I do end up falling, feel free to usurp whatever you can. Take every scrap of Records you can get and put it to good use.”

”When you say shit like that, it makes it really fucking hard not to ask if you really got this handled,” Jake said with a sigh as he prompted the Viper to continue. ”What’s the big final twist, then? How are we going to reveal that we bamboozled Yip of Yore and Ell’Hakan all along before crushing them both with their power weakened from breaking their narrative?”

”Ah, you see, that’s the neatest part of all this; we won’t. At least you won’t do anything like that while Yip of Yore remains alive,” the Viper said.

”… isn’t that the point of all this?” Jake asked, now genuinely confused. ”To make Ell’Hakan and Yip of Yore believe in some false narrative that we can then show has been manufactured by us, making them look like complete and utter morons while weakening them in the process as their story falls apart?”

”Now, where would you possibly get such a misunderstanding from? Not to say you can’t do that when I have handled Yip – which honestly will probably end up happening by default as naturally the story will fall apart with his death – but you can lean further into it if you want,” Villy answered. ”But, no, the plan isn’t to ruin his narrative. It’s to empower it.”

”You want Yip to grow stronger?” Jake asked. Sure, he was all for making opponents harder to beat to get a good challenge out of it, but the Viper hadn’t struck him as that kind of person…

”That is indeed exactly what I want,” Villy confirmed. ”Also, I would like to point out that revealing the story is bullshit in some big plot twist likely wouldn’t even work that well. Yip of Yore’s Path isn’t as fragile as that, as the stories he creates become almost… sticky. It would take time for things to unravel, and chances are he would be able to counter any plot twist we tried to introduce by simply claiming he knew all along and had planned for it. While such a lie could be seen through with some scrutiny, in the final stages, there’s no time for such scrutiny.”

”But getting stronger is easy or what?” Jake questioned, feeling like that bullshitter’s abilities were really way too damn overpowered.

”Yep, it is. Especially when he already has the narrative momentum. Right now, I’m nothing but an unreliable narrator in his discourse, meaning all my words are automatically doubted, while his are believed by default. He has the prerogative to make use of anything we give him, and he does genuinely believe you are unsatisfied with me and not at all faithful. However, even if he didn’t actually believe any of the bullshit we feed him, he would still actively make use of it and do what he can to convince it’s the truth, as that will only benefit him,” the Viper continued explaining.

”That’s part of why all this scheming even works. Yip wants to believe, and benefits from believing anything that makes him look better and this little Viper look worse. Be it lies or us trying to trick him, he will still gladly take advantage, having confidence in his own Path. In the end, it all comes down to who stands victorious in the end. The truth no longer matters when a victor is decided. As the saying goes, history is written by the winner… so Yip of Yore just has to win, and even the lies he knew we manufactured will become truth if he says they are.”

”You know, I’m beginning to wonder… what exactly are you getting out of all this?” Jake asked, having wondered this for a while. ”Why do you want him to grow stronger?”

”Now that is a great question and one I’m sure Yip is even wondering… but let’s not ruin the ending of this story, alright? Spoiling isn’t nice.”




***
Chapter 996: Nothing Ever Goes Fully According To Plan


***






Jake still had a lot of questions regarding the Viper’s plan, and even if the snake god didn’t want to share the ending, there were plenty of potential problems in the middle of this act. Primarily was what would happen to everyone else around Jake.

It wasn’t hard for Jake to lean into the plan alone, but if he did, others were bound to get involved. Miranda was blessed by the Witches of the Verdant Lagoon and has shown no indications of being a heretic herself, so she obviously wouldn’t continue to back Jake if he betrayed the Viper, right?

Also, what about all the other people who were backing Jake precisely because he had the backing of the Viper? What about the galactic conflict that was going on? Was the plan to just flop over and let Ell’Hakan win? Because while he did feel like he owed the Viper a favor, he wasn’t willing to do something like that, which would end up hurting those close to him.

So, naturally, he asked the Primordial, who shared his thoughts:

”You are correct; that is a conundrum. You also need to consider all the people who came to Earth because you are my Chosen. For you to – at least in their minds – suddenly turn your back on your Patron can’t be a good look and will cause a lot of internal discord. But I have considered it, which is where I’ll have to ask you something that is a bit of a gamble, but the best solution in my mind: tell them the truth. At least a version of the truth.”

Jake was back to frowning. ”Elaborate.”

”Inform them everything you’re doing is part of the Malefic Viper’s schemes and that you are working together to deceive Ell’Hakan, Yip of Yore, and Valhal. At the same time, tell the opposite to Valhal and Ell’Hakan. However, and this is the important part, only show evidence of your claim to one side. Ell’Hakan and his people will be cautious, but the moment you turn on your aura of a heretic all such doubt should instantly vanish. From there, just stay away from your allies. Ell’Hakan will no doubt spread the word you have turned full heretic, but with information and travel still restricted for the most part, everything will be over by the time those on Earth can be convinced you turned heretic,” the Viper continued, as things were definitely getting complicated again with this plan.

”Alright… alright, I think we can do that,” Jake said after thinking a bit. ”I just want to make sure I don’t cause too much trouble or confusion during this time.”

”Believe in the people you have around you. You’ve assembled a good team of supporters, and if nothing else, the swordsman, witch, and others can handle matters for you. You also have a True Royal on your side; remember that. As long as she stays on Earth, no one dares try anything there. People are already making a lot of enemies in these times, no need to piss off the Endless Empire on top of everything else,” the Viper semi-joked.

”Speaking of huge factions… what the fuck are we doing about the Holy Church?” Jake asked, bringing up another thing he had been worried about. ”I assume all the other factions, such as the Court of Shadows, will sit on the sidelines and not get involved, but the Church is very obviously making their move. As things are, I can’t reasonable not do something to defend the allies I made to face Ell’Hakan and the Church… will me defending them be a problem?”

”Firstly, the neutral factions shall remain neutral, so don’t worry about them. As for the Holy Church, they are kind of a package deal with Ell’Hakan in this, so if you want to stop the attacks of one, you have to stop both, and at the same time, if you stop one, the other should follow suit. However, rather than fight, have you considered going the route of diplomacy?”

”Not sure they are interested in peace with Earth,” Jake muttered, taking into consideration all they had been doing over the last day or so to destabilize the Milky Way Galaxy and gain ground. What they were doing right now was the opposite of diplomacy.

”With Earth? Probably not. So don’t negotiate as Earth. Remember what the plan is, you’re about to abandon the Order of the Malefic Viper and join Valhal. It isn’t premature to leverage them a bit, now is it? With Valhal at your side, force through a truce where each party keeps their territories for now, both sides backing off until the conflict between Yip of Yore and I is resolved. Ell’Hakan certainly has faith in his Patron’s victory, so this will only benefit him as he will only grow stronger during this process. Plus, it will only make him look good that he successfully helped bring you to the side of Valhal; at least, I’m sure he will take partial credit. Meanwhile the Holy Church is certain to also want this truce. This will only put a pause on the war, sure, but if all things go well, you will get your chance to end it instantly once I’ve had my fill of Yip of Yore. At that point, you should also be able to limit losses as the enemy won’t be in a good state.”

”Minor problem there. Are you sure the people from Valhal will just be fine with all this? Sounds like I’m actually screwing them over quite a bit, using them to pressure the Holy Church when it’s all based on a lie. Could cause them some trouble, couldn’t it?” Jake questioned.

”Nah, it’s fine, don’t think too much about it. The Holy Church wants a truce and to limit fighting right now. They’ll be on board and even push for it if you propose it first, trust me. You also shouldn’t concern yourself about anything with Valhal. They won’t complain either,” the Viper said with a lot of confidence.

Jake couldn’t help but ask when he heard how sure the Viper was: ”Say… I get that Valhal is kind of in on the plan to some extent, but do you also have the Holy Church in-the-know or what? Because they sure aren’t acting like they are.”

”No, they are not. But they are led by the Holy Mother, a fellow Primordial I have known for way too long. I know how they operate. They definitely have their own reasons for taking part in this conflict, and it shouldn’t be anything that negatively interferes with this little scheme,” Villy said, remaining as confident as before.

A few more seconds passed as Jake was thinking, looking for more questions and concerns he may have. One did spring to mind:

”What do you expect me to tell the others here on Earth? Not the random World Leaders and the people in the alliance, but people like the Sword Saint, Carmen, Sylphie, Miranda, and so on. They’re going to be confused as fuck even if I do tell them the truth, especially if they know I had the aura of a heretic. I haven’t exactly shared that I’m a Heretic-Chosen with anyone,” Jake said, not a fan of that part of this entire thing. The only people he wasn’t really worried about were his parents as they quite frankly didn’t care about all this and were more considered part of the Court than Jake’s faction, so they shouldn’t be a problem. But the others could prove problematic.

”Honestly? I’ll leave that to you. All I will ask is to not make them get directly involved with anything like the negotations. Keep them on Earth. Maybe even use that as a bargaining chip during negotiations. Promise to have all your strongest assets remain on Earth until the matter is concluded. As for your concerns of them looking at you weirdly after all this is done… well, pretty sure they already look at you like the little freak you are, but I already planned on informing everyone I was behind you faking to be a heretic. It really shouldn’t be a problem if your friends don’t bring on the trouble,” Villy explained.

”I can’t make any promises that they don’t have their own intentions,” Jake muttered. ”And I’m not going to put myself in a situation where I might end up fighting friends to sell a lie.”

”If all things go well, you won’t have to fight anyone besides Ell’Hakan, and even that will be entirely your prerogative,” the Viper assured Jake. ”I’m sure that if you’ve built any rapport, they will trust you over the rumors that are spreading. Finally, many of them are blessed by Primordials, and they really should be considered neutral parties and not part of your faction in the first place. You seemingly joining hands with Valhal shouldn’t really change their relationship with you, either. They are your comrades because you are fellow Earthlings or have some other personal bond, not because you are the Chosen of the Malefic Viper. Nothing in my plan requires you to insinuate you will give up control of Earth. In fact, it can even be sold that you are forging a stronger alliance through Valhal than you had with the Order if they have their own smaller factions to convince. Either way, as I said, trust them to handle things on their end as long as you inform them of the basics of the plan. I’m not claiming everything will end perfectly, but I do believe the end result will be satisfactory.”

”Right,” Jake nodded slowly. ”Not gonna lie, all of this is still kind of vague, and there are a lot of elements I’m not clear on if will work out, so let’s try to be a bit more tangible. What exactly do you want me to do once I leave here?”

”Talk to those you fully trust and no one else. I’ll leave who you inform to your discretion. Follow their advice to carry out the plan, and have them handle most things here on Earth. But before that, spend the next day or so with the Runemaiden, preferably away from everyone else and without them knowing what you’re up to, while, of course, making sure Ell’Hakan’s spies know where you are. After that, go out alone and make the announcement you are acting like you ally with Valhal to get one over Yip of Yore to the people on Earth. Shortly after, leave the planet to the one Valhal currently controls. The Runemaiden will know which one. Once there, simply follow the plan and act like you are done with my shit and want to jump ship. The Runemaiden is the person with the highest level of authority in your galaxy, so with her, there should be no pushback in getting what you want, and it’s not like anyone would question the guy that Valdemar tried to personally recruit at Nevermore. Especially not after you showed off that you have taken inspiration from his Path as a fighter. With them, negotiate peace, and from there, the initial time pressure should be eliminated, and things calm down until they escalate on my end,” Villy said, really laying it out in an easy-to-understand fashion.

Jake leaned his head back, looking toward the ceiling of the room he had isolated himself in as he considered everything. In truth, Jake kind of wanted to just reject all this, go to Arnold, and ask him to teleport himself and anyone who wants to join him straight to Ell’Hakan’s homeworld to try and kill the Chosen.

However, he knew he couldn’t fuck up the Viper’s plans and be selfish. Also, he didn’t even know if his ambush would work. Shit, he didn’t even know if Ell’Hakan was on his homeworld in the first place. So, rather than voice these thoughts, he wondered out loud when he could finally make his own move and end all this. ”How long do you reckon this will all take?”

”Now, that is a question I cannot confidently give an answer to. Ultimately, it isn’t my decision when Yip of Yore decides it’s time to directly attack me, but I believe your actions can speed it up. Also, I have a hard time imagining he will not take advantage the second you seemingly turn into a full heretic, and it will definitely happen before your universe fully opens up once more, as when that happens, the ninety-third universe will once more attract a lot of attention that he is right now very much enjoying. But be aware it will be a while. He is still building momentum with the war against the Order, and he is slowly encircling us and building his base of allies. Gods haven’t even gotten involved yet, but when they do, you know we are truly in the endgame,” the Viper responded. ”But, if you need me to guess on a timeline… things should be over within the next few months. I can’t see it go above half a year.”

”I honestly imagined it would take away fucking longer,” Jake frowned. ”Don’t wars between huge divine factions and gods usually last a long-ass time?”

”They do, but Yip of Yore is not looking to have an actual war but a display of power. Plus, think of the audience. Won’t they get bored if things drag out too much and there isn’t enough action? You can only drag out narrative escalation for so long before people just get tired of it and just want to see the resolution already. We aren’t quite there yet, and Yip of Yore still has more attention to grap and power to gather, but his momentum is rapidly approaching the crescendo.”

”So, to summarize all this shit… I will make people on Earth think I’m going along with your plans while convincing Ell’Hakan and his goons of the opposite, travel with Carmen to the neutral Valhal planet, and use Valhal as a way to establish a temporary truce, showing me and Ell’Hakan are negotiating in good faith. Then, I will stay there for a while while shit escalates on your end until I will unleash my heretic aura, dealing you another blow and hopefully starting the final confrontation. Assuming you handle things on your end, Ell’Hakan will more likely than not find himself scrambling, his alliance crumbling, and I will take this opportunity to isolate and kill him before he has a chance to muster a proper response. I got all this right?” Jake asked, trying to catch the essence of the plan, ignoring all the minor details and adding on a bit of personal interpretation at the end, as there was no way this was gonna end without Jake taking his shot at Ell’Hakan.

“Yeah, that seems to sum it up pretty nicely,” the Viper agreed.

“You are fully aware something, no, several things in this entire scheme will go horribly wrong, and shit is bound to hit the fan, right?” Jake asked. “Too many damn factors to just expect everything to go according to plan.”

“Nothing ever goes fully according to plan, which is why the best plans are those that aren’t overly strict and can be adapted on-the-fly. Usually, that is. This one is a bit more robust, though, as we don’t truly rely on actually tricking Yip of Yore in every aspect. Even if he was fully aware of this entire conversation, he would still lean into our lie, as it would only benefit him to do so,” Villy said. “Ell’Hakan, maybe not, but I’m sure you can handle that guy while I handle divine business. They have a lot of gaps in knowledge, and the absurdity of your state as a Heretic-Chosen is something no one could have accounted for, so we do have some big advantages.”

“I guess,” Jake shrugged. “As long as you beat Yip of Yore, everything should be fine.”

“Yeah, so let’s hope I didn’t accidentally miscalculate and make him too strong.”

“… I thought you said I shouldn’t worry, and you got him handled?” Jake muttered, concerned.

“You’re the one who brought up nothing ever going according to plan first.”

“Well, yeah, but-“

“So you would have been the one to jinx me and would have to live with the knowledge you were the primary cause of the downfall of a Primordial,” Villy continued, clearly teasing him… though Jake still couldn’t help but be worried.

Yip of Yore was powerful, and now, the Viper was seemingly trying to make him as powerful as he possibly could. Jake wasn’t sure why, even if he had some theories, but no matter, there had to be a reason why Yip had the confidence to go for a Primordial in the first place, right?

Yeah… things should be fine. Jake just had to focus on his own side of things and not worry about the Viper. Not like the things Jake had to do would be easy, and he seriously hoped the others back at the Prima Vessel would be able to help him sell all the bullshit he was about to peddle.




***
Chapter 997: Something Stupid (?)


***






Jake and Villy continued speaking for a good while more, discussing some additional details of what Jake’s role would be in all this. He felt like an actor having a role way beyond his skill level put upon him, and he felt a lot of pressure to carry things out properly as the Viper wanted him to.

Acting and Jake were two things that really didn’t go well together, and the Viper at least took this into account and did so that Jake needed to do as little acting as possible. Moreover, this acting would nearly exclusively be done in front of people who didn’t really know him in the first place, making it far harder to detect any discrepancies in his actions.

They both also knew all this was for the Viper and had little to do with Jake’s own goals or Path. Jake was fine with just teleporting right now and attacking Ell’Hakan wherever he was, and the only reason he held back and would agree to any of this was because Villy was the one asking him to. Sure, Jake did excuse himself for going along with everything by arguing he owed the Viper a favor, but honestly, it was more than that.

Time and time again, Villy had helped Jake without asking for anything in return. He’d given him access to far more resources than Jake could possibly use: knowledge gathered by the Order since the very first era, personal guidance… so many things. And for that, he’d never asked Jake to do anything Jake wouldn’t have ended up wanting to do anyway.

Jake didn’t count his exploits and performances during system events as favors to Villy. All those were just Jake being Jake, and the fact it benefitted the Viper because Jake was his Chosen was just a bonus. Counting these would just feel wrong.

At the same time, Jake didn’t want to be the kind of person who counted favors between friends and made their relationship transactional… but that didn’t mean he couldn’t feel the clear disparity in how much one party helped the other. The best comparison Jake could make was with holiday gifts. Sure, gifts were not meant to be seen as transactions, and one wasn’t meant to count monetary value between what two friends gave each other… but if Jake gave someone a damn toaster and they gave him a new laptop, he would feel really awkward about it.

So, even if the Viper didn’t care – and kept saying he didn’t care – about the disparity in how much they helped each other, this was an opportunity for Jake to at least feel less awkward about things. Oh yeah, and helping out the god was also just something a friend would do, as while the sacrifices Jake had to make were annoying, they weren’t significant at all.

Finishing their conversation, Jake felt as ready as could be to carry out the plan and try to bring the others on board. It wouldn’t be easy, but he was determined to do his darndest. Before they cut the connection, Jake did have one last thing to say, though.

“Hey, Villy?”

“Got more questions?” the god asked.

“No, no, I’m good… I just want to make sure we’re on the same page here. This all ends with us both walking away whole and better than ever, right?” Jake asked.

“And what do you mean by that?”

“That you aren’t going to do something stupid,” Jake said in a rather stern tone.

“Duly noted, but truly, you have no reason to worry… still, thanks for the concern, I guess,” the Viper said, seemingly not entirely sure how to respond.

“That’s what friends are for,” Jake shrugged before smiling. “Now, let’s go pull off the scam of the era.”

“Yeah, no, that’s never gonna happen,” Carmen said, her arms crossed as she stood in front of the golden projection.

“The feelings of mortals are transient, and no one truly knows the future. Assume it does happen, and take into account that I’m not asking you to ensure it happens now but that you merely lay the groundwork for the future. Do not act as if you wouldn’t prefer if he joined,” Gudrun spoke through the projection.

“Sure, that would be pretty cool, but I’m also fine if it doesn’t. It’s not like our respective factions will have fuck-all effect on things once all this stuff is over,” Carmen said, a bit annoyed at everything going on. “Can I also finally talk about everything once it’s done?”

“No, not for a good while. You would know that if you’d read the contract properly,” Gudrun said in a scolding yet motherly tone as she smiled. “Not like you would have rejected signing it no matter what had been included. Curiosity truly will be the downfall of mankind.”

“Can’t blame me for being curious when interesting stuff is going down in my own home galaxy,” Carmen smiled, preferring the casual tone of the conversation over the usual stiffness she had to adopt when interacting with gods in a more public setting.

Like Jake, she had gone to have a personal discussion with her Patron when Jake had. Rather than get Valdemar, she had ended up talking to Gudrun – which was honestly standard by now – and had begun this discussion. Her ritual for contact was to summon a projection like this, using a rather expensive item as a catalyst, as well as making use of her Divine Blessing, as a lower one wouldn’t allow this kind of thing.

As for what Gudrun wanted… well, as most times, it was related to Jake. More accurately, Jake, the Malefic Viper, and everything else currently going on, including the entire clash happening in the rest of the multiverse. Gudrun didn’t disclose much, perhaps because she didn’t know much, but things weren’t looking good for the Order of the Malefic Viper.

Gudrun didn’t seem overly worried, though. However, she did view this as an opportunity. She proposed to Carmen to take Jake to the planet in the Milky Way under the total control of Valhal and use that neutral ground to try and find a solution with Ell’Hakan and the Holy Church.

Carmen saw no way in hell Jake would be interested in going the diplomatic route. Maybe Miranda would try and convince him to try something like that, but she was pretty damn confident not even she could talk him out of just recklessly charging at Ell’Hakan to put an arrow in his skull.

Still, Gudrun seemed convinced he would be open to diplomacy. Assuming she was correct and Jake would come to the planet ruled by Valhal, Gudrun wanted Carmen to naturally come along. Once there, Jake would know no one except Carmen, and while he could certainly entertain himself, Gudrun believed this was a great opportunity to see the good things about Valhal and use the place to train.

Stolen from its original source, this story is not meant to be on Amazon; report any sightings.

The plan was obviously to try and convince Jake that Valhal was a cool faction and totally one he should join. Even if it wasn’t now, then in the future, he should consider them. If not, then at least he should have a very favorable view of Valhal and be willing to work closely with them going forward, perhaps even becoming an honorable member or something dumb like that.

Or, perhaps Gudrun was thinking on a far longer timeframe than that… because there was a great precedent for mortals switching factions upon ascending to godhood, going elsewhere if another place fit them better than where they currently were.

The part about the contract was related to something Carmen had pretty much felt forced to sign a long time ago. It was related to all the shady bullshit going on, and to ensure she wouldn’t spill the beans, Gudrun had her sign it shortly before Nevermore. All it did was make Carmen unable to talk about certain things when around others, with a few people excluded.

Carmen didn’t like it, as she felt herself clamp up at times, the words just not coming out when she was accidentally about to say something she shouldn’t… so maybe the contract was a good idea? She wasn’t sure, honestly. At least she could get out of the contract at any point if she wanted by just taking off the ring she had been given, which was what restricted her from speaking on accident, though she had a feeling doing that wouldn’t end well for her.

Either way, the contract meant that Carmen knew a lot more than others. Walking around with secret knowledge did feel kind of cool, especially considering this knowledge was the kind not even shared with other gods. Carmen was one of the very few people who knew certain facts, such as that Valhal and the Order weren’t truly in a conflict and that Valdemar and the Malefic Viper had their own deal.

However… she also knew that it was true Valdemar and Yip of Yore had one too. One that did obligate Valdemar and Valhal to assist Yip of Yore in suppressing the Order and facilitate the clash between Yip and the Viper.

Which did kind of make Carmen wonder one thing.

“I kind of get the gist that the Malefic Viper wants to fight Yip of Yore… but what if he loses? Will Valhal step in and help the Viper?” Carmen asked after a while, as she really couldn’t imagine a world where anyone wanted that Yip guy to win. She didn’t expect an answer but surprisingly got one.

“We will not do any such thing. The result of the fight between the Malefic One and Yip of Yore is entirely on them. No one from Valhal will interfere. In fact, we will ensure no one interferes, no matter what,” Gudrun said with certainty.

“So if the Viper loses…?” Carmen asked, frowning.

“He dies, and the first Primordial falls, truly giving rise to Yip of Yore and a new being recognized as at least equal to the other surviving Primordials,” Gudrun answered, still in her matter-of-fact tone.

“And Valhal is okay with that?”

“Okay with it? Why do you think Valdemar is willing to help Yip of Yore in the first place?” Gudrun said with a smile. “He recognized Yip of Yore has the potential to reach the peak. Valdemar wants nothing more than to have someone willing to battle and worth fighting, and if this conflict gives him that, why wouldn’t he be okay with it?”

Carmen wanted to comment more but kept quiet. She had to admit she never really understood what kind of relationship Valhal and the Order had, nor what exactly was going on between the Viper and her own Patron. She didn’t know if they were friends, enemies, rivals, or just two really old creatures who didn’t have some set description for their odd and complicated relationship.

“Anyway, all you want me to do is bring Jake away from Earth and to our planet?” Carmen asked, clarifyingly, changing the topic.

“Precisely. I’m sure he can handle everything else from there. Just play along with him and back up whatever he does, but don’t personally get involved in any battle should the animosity between the two Chosen proves too much,” Gudrun said. “Oh, and do not under any circumstances make direct contact with the Chosen of Yip of Yore.”

“I know, I know,” Carmen waved her off. “I wouldn’t want to anyway. Imagining someone fucking with my emotions just feels so damn icky.”

“It does appear rather unsettling, but some would be more than happy to have the power granted by such a Bloodline in their arsenal,” Gudrun said in her usual cryptic tone as the summoned projection flickered a few times. “It appears our time is up. May you complete your mission well, Runemaiden; we have confidence in you.”

The image faded away, the catalyst she’d used to summon it, having run out of energy. The act of projecting a god in this fashion definitely wasn’t an easy matter or something one simply did. Sometimes, she was envious of Jake, who seemingly had the ability to talk to his Patron at all times without having to do any prep work or set up any rituals, but then again, she was totally fine with not having the kind of pressure on her that would bring.

Sighing loudly, Carmen rolled her shoulders, feeling the stiffness come out as it only now was clear how tense she had been. Just Gudrun’s projection was unsettling to deal with on some deep instinctual level, and the only reason Carmen could even act normal was because of the resistance she’d built up from being close to Jake. Mortals simply weren’t built to interact with gods, especially not for prolonged periods of time, and most certainly not while still only in C-grade.

Should get back to the Prima Vessel… I still can’t see Jake agreeing to go the diplomacy route and negotiating with that manipulate emotion-fucking shitbag.

The land that had slowly begun to recover after the battle between powerful beings was rapidly meeting its end once more. Color had faded as the vast plains had its newly-grown grass, weeds, and any form of life wilt away whenever the desolation spread further, a mass of odd energy in its center. This odd mass came from a small fragment that appeared to house the remnants of the False God that had once been… and was soon to be once more.

No one had come to this planet in a long time, at least not before that day. Earth did have talks of sending someone to see if they could find proof the Desolate Child of Loss had survived or was truly dead, but had been reluctant in case the False God was there and still lived, making such a mission incredibly risky.

Yet now, a lone figure walked through the plains toward the land of desolation. Even as he reached the border where the world turned monochrome, and desolation ruled, he did not stop but kept walking dauntless forward.

Instantly, the desolation attacked, yet the man appeared utterly unaffected. He was like a beacon of light and color in a dead world as each step took him closer to the epicenter and cause of the desolation. Even as he got closer and the desolation grew in power and intensity, he remained untouched and unfaltering, and soon enough, he stood before the fragment on the ground.

For several seconds, he merely stood there, staring down at it. He made no motions or moves but simply existed within the desolation as he seemingly evaluated the fragment. Minutes passed, and faint echoes of mana could be felt from the man as he was clearly doing something, clearly not in any kind of rush.

After nearly half an hour, he seemed done. Nodding, he muttered to himself as he’d reached a conclusion.

Kneeling down, he scooped up the fragment in his hand, carefully cradling it with his palms. The desolation instantly invaded his body but once more found itself struggling against the man. He muttered once more as he kept kneeling there, just holding the fragment of desolation. Faint energies entered the fragment originating from his body as he kept speaking in a soft tone, the minutes passing by slowly within this world where the only color was the man.

Then, something surprising happened. The energy of desolation began to slowly weaken. It stopped attacking the man holding it and at the edges of the land being made desolate, stopped expanding entirely. Then, it, too, began to retract, the man continuing to speak.

Hours passed as the desolation became lesser and lesser until, finally, nearly all of it had merged back into the fragment. The fragment had also changed, now resembling a heart that looked a lot like that of a human’s but clearly wasn’t.

Satisfied, the man took out a small box, and as he continued to speak softly, he put the heart within the box. With a final smile, he closed the lid, the desolation all around fading entirely. Standing up, the man turned toward the Prima Vessel far in the distance and began walking again, holding the chest closely, cradled like the lost child it was.




***
Chapter 998: Great Minds Think Alike


***






“So, the plan is to go the diplomacy route and negotiate with the fucker before putting an arrow through his skull,” Jake finished his explanation to the room of people he trusted the most. They all stared back at him for a few moments before Miranda spoke.

“This is all… a lot. So far, all our plans have been to find a way to use Ell’Hakan to weaken Yip of Yore, but the Viper wants us to do the opposite? I’ve heard nothing of this from the Verdant Witches,” Miranda said with much concern.

“Are you confident you can carry out the tasks your Patron gave you?” the Sword Saint asked, having also thought over everything. “You will need something to convince Ell’Hakan you are being genuine and not trying to trick him. A good story is but the bare minimum, and you need to have swift replies to all imaginable questions, as you will no doubt end up talking to him directly.”

While Jake had shared the Viper’s plan with those in the room but left out some parts, specifically those related to his own secrets. He didn’t mention anything about him being a Heretic-Chosen, nor did he bring up the fact he’d absorbed a drop of blood from the Viper. All of those things weren’t something he should be sharing, but they were also vital aspects of the plan. All of this is to say that Jake understood the old man’s concern, but he nodded confidently in affirmation to assure the man a little things would be fine.

“I believe I got this handled, and you are right. I will need a very good story and to have thought everything through. Trust me, the Viper already grilled me on this.”

“If you say so,” the Sword Saint said, not showing a lot of trust in Jake’s social skills.

The others in the room, namely Sylphie, Vesperia, Arnold, and Carmen, weren’t saying much but just listened in. Carmen hadn’t been someone Jake had initially planned on including in this meeting due to her relations with Valhal, but he’d met her on the way back to the Vessel after she’d also spoken to Gudrun. She already knew a lot of the plot going on, and since Jake would have to leave with her later anyway, he saw no reason not to include her.

William had been a potential participant, but Jake still didn’t trust him enough. He also didn’t know enough about Eversmile to know if the god could use his former connection with William to spy on them, so he decided to just play it safe and not include the guy. As for other notable absentees, nearly all of them were excluded on purpose due to the factions they belonged to or because they had been busy doing other stuff. Sandy had left to eat some stuff, Lillian was busy, and he hadn’t even tried to talk to Kindroth as the elf had left to handle other matters a while ago.

“To make it clear, you want us to function as your propaganda machine here on Earth, advertising that you are tricking Ell’Hakan into an alliance while actually just taking advantage of him, yet at the same time purposefully make undercurrents of doubt within the upper echelon of Earth’s leadership if you truly are just performing a scheme. This undercurrent will naturally be leaked to Ell’Hakan, creating plenty of ambiguity about where your loyalties truly lie, and with some evidence you and the Viper planned for, hopefully, convince him to bite and actually believe you are intending to leave the Malefic Viper and permanently join hands with Valhal?” Miranda tried to sum up everything Jake had asked of them, hitting the nail on the head as expected and making Jake nod enthusiastically.

“Yep, pretty much,” Jake said with a smile.

“That’s not gonna be easy,” the Sword Saint frowned. “A lot of local actors will try to take advantage of the confusion to cause discord. I’m also not sure our allies will be on board. Even if we tell them it’s all part of the Viper’s plan, they are in contact with the rest of the multiverse and are aware of what’s happening. They know the Order of the Malefic Viper is being crushed and has been for months now. Trying to convince them all of this is the Viper’s plan is a ridiculous ask.”

“You don’t need to convince them for a long time… just long enough for a truce to be established and both sides back down,” Jake tried to argue. “Also, you don’t have a relationship with the Order of the Malefic Viper, so what if you act like you know I’m actually planning on switching sides and also deceiving Miranda to-“

“Won’t work,” the old man shut him down instantly. “We need to keep presenting a strong united front. If we begin to display any fractures in our core power base, many will jump ship and join the Holy Church and Ell’Hakan. The only reason many remain loyal is because of the power we wield. While the Church and Ell’Hakan have made moves on many planets, they have clearly acted with restraint, and restraint often comes from caution. It’s believed that they are wary of Earth and our elites, and the fact many believe we would win a direct confrontation in an all-out war is the sole reason our alliance can even remain.”

Jake frowned a bit as he thought of something else, but before he had a chance to, the Sword Saint continued.

“You are also incorrect when you say the Noboru Clan has no relations with the Order of the Malefic Viper. While it’s true that there’s nothing official, my clan has embraced the Path of vampirism. That will automatically make us be viewed as enemies by the Holy Church and many other factions, meaning should we stand alone, we are nothing but a target to be exterminated. However, if we are allies with the Order of the Malefic Viper, which is the only large multiversal organization publicly allowing vampires in it, we are under heavy protection simply by association. Oh yes, it’s also no secret several members of the clan have gone to the Order either, meaning most assume we are pretty much already a minor branch of the Order.”

“Suddenly showing internal strife will also raise a lot of suspicion as we all seemed so united before,” Miranda said. “We also don’t know the kind of information Ell’Hakan has, so complicating things further by adding more misdirection or schemes will only make us look like we’re acting out of character. No, better to just fully lean into us actually believing in what you are saying. To frame ourselves as not even able to consider the possibility that you are willing to betray the Malefic Viper, or, perhaps we are just hoping so dearly it isn’t the case that we are willing to look past many suspicious actions as the alternative would be something we simply couldn’t handle.”

Jake slowly nodded as Carmen asked:

“How about Vesperia, Sylphie, and Arnold?” she questioned. “What will they do?”

“Nothing,” Miranda said, looking at Arnold who seemed interested enough in the conversation to take part, as he shrugged.

The author's tale has been misappropriated; report any instances of this story on Amazon.

“This entire matter has little consequence to me. Should the ruler of Earth be part of the Order of the Malefic Viper or Valhal will not impact me in any meaningful way,” he explained.

“I echo the sentiment,” Vesperia said. “The Endless Empire would be neutral in either case, thus, I would see no cause to even comment on it, outside of saying that I follow my Sire’s decisions.”

“Ree,” Sylphie said, making it absolutely clear she had little understanding and interest in everything that was going on and was only participating in this meeting because everyone else was there, and she would have felt left out if she hadn’t also taken part.

It was good she was there as Jake had been thinking: “How about we bring Sylphie with us to Valhal? Won’t that communicate my trust in Valhal by bringing her along?”

“I can’t see it negatively impact anything,” Miranda had no complaints. “May even be good as she can’t leak anything accidentally here on Earth. Ah, but it would be best if Vesperia stays on Earth. As a True Royal, her presence will-

“- help defend the planet and make others hesitate to take any actions here directly lest they piss off the Endless Empire. Yeah, I know,” Jake cut her off and smiled.

“I do find that acceptable,” Vesperia agreed to stay. “I will not involve myself in anything, though. I do not wish to take part in this conflict in any way if it can be avoided, and will only defend myself and what is mine if forced to.”

“We expect nothing more,” Miranda nodded, as she looked to have a lot of thoughts swimming around in her head. “I think the biggest challenge will be to convince those you already know… people like Kindroth won’t be easily fooled and may even end up seeing through the scheme with his close proximity to everything.”

“But we aren’t really fooling him, now are we?” the Sword Saint smiled. “We are simply following the Malefic Viper’s plan. If he believes he sees through the disguised truth and arrives at a lie, that isn’t our fault but only shows a lack of trust in our and Jake’s word. In fact, this entire thing can serve as a nice method to weed out those who are only opportunistic and have no real loyalty to Earth.”

“True, but can we really afford to lose more allies?” Miranda asked, unsure.

“My question would be if they can afford having lost us as allies after Ell’Hakan falls. It doesn’t matter how big the Church or Ell’Hakan gets. As long as the other Chosen falls, they lose their ability to defend the galaxy. I refuse to believe the Church will oppose us without his involvement. No, they would rather just evacuate or negotiate to avoid fighting as losing believers is only detrimental to them,” the Sword Saint said.

Jake could see the gears spin in the old man’s head as he looked ready to take advantage of the situation. There was something assuring about that, and Jake felt that the Viper had been right… he should trust the people around him to handle this situation and focus on his own role.

He had noticed how none of them had questioned if they should do the plan at all. They had all instantly just agreed and pointed out potential issues with the goal of looking for solutions. Never once had it even been seen as an option to not go along with what Jake and the Viper had proposed. He had nothing but gratefulness for their support and knew that the best way to pay them back was to ensure that this entire mess had a satisfactory solution.

From this point onwards in the meeting, Jake just had to sit back and let the smart people talk, and surprisingly, they agreed on nearly everything. Great minds think alike and all that. He only occasionally had to answer some clarifying questions before the two of them dove straight back into their discussion. As Miranda and the Sword Saint had quickly taken charge and began discussing everything they would do, Jake threw Carmen a knowing glance, getting one in return. It was a tough life being the kind of person who solved everything with a punch or arrow to the face, but Jake definitely didn’t envy the two.

Soon enough, there really wasn’t more to say, and it wasn’t as if Miranda couldn’t get in touch with Jake after he left that day. The Sword Saint seemed almost excited by everything that was about to happen, especially when it was made clear he would be allowed to exert some pressure using his power should the negotiations prove in any way problematic. Jake being able to control the old man wouldn’t be realistic, after all, should anyone cross the line or not honor a truce.

Miranda only had some encouraging words to Jake as Carmen and Jake prepared to head to Jake’s lodge just the two of them. As the Viper had said, they should be seen together going there and leaving again in a day or so. Considering the number of spies keeping an eye on the lodge at all times, especially now with everything going on in the Milky Way and the multiverse, this was bound to raise some questions, especially when it was later discussed among the top brass that Jake had left Earth with Carmen.

“Jake, remember, keep everything as simple as you can. Don’t try to overcomplicate and overthink things. Don’t act as you wouldn’t normally act, and channel some of what you’re feeling right now. You hate stupid schemes, and you hate shit that’s made complex just for the sake of it,” Miranda said. “You’re not trying to trick anyone, and you are just selfishly looking out for yourself. Nothing more, nothing less. Remember to always put your personal interests first and foremost, and try not to include any of us in your considerations, alright?”

“Pretty sure that’s shitty advice to give someone you want to be a decent person… but sure,” Jake smiled at her. Miranda gave him a smile and a nod in return and looked at Carmen.

“I would ask you to make sure he doesn’t mess stuff up or get into more trouble when with you… but I have the feeling you wouldn’t even try to stop him but instead go along with his antics if it seemed fun.”

“Guilty as charged,” Carmen shrugged with a grin.

“Ree!”

“I know we can always count on you,” the Sword Saint shook his head with a smile at Sylphie’s confident screech that she would make sure Jake and Carmen were on their best behavior.

They spoke a bit longer before Carmen and Jake left, leaving the rest behind in the Prima Vessel. The two of them teleported back to Haven, where he instantly felt some gazes upon him and Carmen. This was why he usually preferred to use stealth when out and about, but this time around, he wanted to be seen, and he had the excuse he was with Carmen for why he wasn’t sneaking about.

It didn’t take them long to arrive back at the lodge, and once there, all the observers were gone, courtesy of the barriers placed over the valley to keep prying eyes out. Sure, some people could – and had tried in the past – to still sneak in and have a gander, but let’s just say things tended not to end well for them once caught. Because they always got caught.

Once inside the lodge, Jake sighed loudly as he practically threw himself down on a chair. “This is going to be fucking exhausting… already is.”

“You’re the one who agreed to it,” Carmen shrugged. “Can’t say I complain that much. It’s not like my job is hard, and I’m making my Patron and Valhal very happy just hanging out with you for a bit. Honestly easy as fuck, and I don’t need to consider how I’m acting. It’s not a secret I don’t like Ell’Hakan, and this entire thing doesn’t give me a reason to suddenly act like I do.”

“True,” Jake nodded slowly. “Not that I have to suddenly be all buddy-buddy.”

“But you will have to talk to the guy which is more than I would be willing to do without a lot of convincing,” Carmen said. “Well, at least you won’t talk to him in person.”

“No one should talk to him in person, ever. He’s a walking public mental health hazard,” Jake said as a matter of fact.

“He does feel like he’s contagious with some mindfuck virus, doesn’t he?” Carmen joked around as she sighed. “Anyway, let’s stop talking about that fucker… we’re meant to stay here, just the two of us, for an entire day without going out or doing anything suspicious.”

“We sure are,” Jake nodded.

Carmen looked at him with a wry smile. “Well… seeing as that’s the case, are you thinking what I’m thinking?”

“You know, I just might be,” Jake returned her smile.




***
Chapter 999: A Day at the Lodge


***






Carmen forcefully pressed Jake against the wall and pushed her own body onto his with all her weight. Jake responded by elbowing her in the shoulder only because she dodged getting hit in the head, the movement allowing him some leeway before she could headbutt him in the face as he struggled to get free. His blow managed to gain him some space as he quickly jumped away and stabilized, trying to regain momentum.

She pounced on him instantly, Jake escaping her grappling hands that tried to restrain him. He dodged her blows one after another as they swapped who was pushing the other one back constantly, the soft sand beneath them making it difficult to move fast but also allowing them to really get some proper force behind their attacks.

Dodging another swift blow, Jake quickly landed a low kick, making Carmen stumble. However, rather than fall backward, she dove straight into Jake’s incoming fist, taking it on the forehead as Jake’s knuckle and fingers hurt from the impact. He tried to retract his hand, but she managed to grab his wrist, and in a move Jake felt was out of a movie, she lifted her entire body off the ground and twisted, making Jake fall down alongside her, held in an armbar.

Pain shot through Jake’s body as his eyes opened wide because rather than use the move to pressure Jake into giving up, she straight up broke his arm. Probably a good choice as Jake had already determined himself to give it up as he used his legs to get leverage, and despite bending his now broken arm in a painful fashion, he tried to get on top of Carmen.

Sadly for him, she managed to roll away and quickly stand, Jake doing the same as he was forced to. Carmen looked at Jake as he stood there with his arm looking like just a useless slab of flesh. Smiling, she asked triumphantly:

“Wanna keep going?”

“I can still stand,” Jake said with a smile, refusing to surrender just yet while he still had the ability to fight ba-

Five minutes later, he had a broken leg and was pretty some at least one internal organ had entirely given up, and standing wasn’t really an option anymore. Carmen stood over him with her arms crossed and a big grin as Jake sighed painfully. “Alright, alright… let’s get out of here.”

The Colosseum around them faded away as the two of them had their consciousness transported back to their real bodies still within Jake’s lodge. They had both been sitting on the floor with legs crossed and opened their eyes at the same time as the emblem Jake held in his hand stopped glowing and powered down.

“That thing is really good stuff… a lot better than the one I got,” Carmen commented, not trying to hide her envy.

“Yeah, I probably should have been using it more before,” Jake nodded as he looked at the item he’d been rewarded for his performance during the Colosseum of Mortals Challenge Dungeon.

[Emblem of the Grand Champion (Mythical)] – An emblem infused with the powers and concepts of the Colosseum of Mortals, given only to those deemed worthy. This Emblem can create a replica of the Colosseum of Mortals arena within a virtual space for individuals to duel one another. Allows the user to choose two targets who must consent to take part in a duel within the virtual space. Those entering will leave their true bodies defenseless during the duel period. All levels and stats of those entering will be normalized. Most skills and abilities will also be restricted. Dying within the virtual space will have no negative consequences. As the owner, you can always observe the inside of the Emblem of the Grand Champion. Cooldown period: 1 hour.

Requirements: Soulbound

As he said, Jake hadn’t really been using the thing, and in truth, he’d only been reminded of it because Carmen brought it up. She’d also gotten her own emblem, but it was a lot worse than Jake’s in several ways. First of all it had a cooldown of a full day, which was kind of annoying, but the biggest thing was that Jake had way more options for customization within the Colosseum itself and the rules and restrictions the two people would be fighting under.

He’d been able to make it so that they both had the exact same stats for their many duels. He could also limit equipment and weapons effortlessly, making it a great sparring ground. At least for spars without skills, as most things wouldn’t be replicated as the item description said. To many, this could be seen as a negative, but in truth, it was a massive bonus.

It allowed one to train skills without as much system assistance. It was weird, but the system clearly still recognized you had the skill even when in the Colosseum made by the Emblem, yet the assistance was significantly reduced. This meant one could do a lot of new experimenting, and it allowed one to get more familiar with one’s skills than during regular practice while offering a new perspective and way to train. Especially if one had to pull off skills with far smaller resource pools and lower stats.

Jake and Carmen had just gone for a few rounds of sparring with close-to-mortal stats, very much akin to how the Colosseum of Mortals had been in Nevermore, but a little more restricted than even that. The two of them had fought with weapons twice, with Jake winning both times handily. However, when they went purely unarmed, he got his ass handed to him every single time, which to Jake was awesome as that proved he had plenty of space to improve. In the same vein, Carmen was also happy she lost to Jake, resulting in the two of them wanting to do the fighting where they were at a disadvantage… while naturally still enjoying their victories.

Of course, after the fights, with Jake and Carmen both fired up from just having fought, everyone knows what would happen next...

Post-match analysis.

“You still get too easily baited into favoring one side over the other, and while you really don’t have many openings, if your attacks aren’t able to do proper damage and create enough space in their own right for you to retreat, you tend to find yourself in trouble,” Carmen criticized him, pointing to a magic whiteboard she had been carrying around all this time and had been great during her stay in the lodge. “Sometimes your attack pattern can also get predictable. You pretty much always aim for vitals spots, which I get feels natural, but it’s also the most obvious. With a weapon, that isn’t as much of a problem, but when unarmed, the amount of damage a single blow can deal tends to be limited even if you land a good hit on weak soft tissue.”

She made some basic drawings on the board as Jake nodded along. He’d been the one doing presentations after some of the prior fights, pointing out how Carmen tended to rely too much on her tough body after becoming a fully-fledged Runemaiden, which was a problem when fighting in the Colosseum as she obviously wasn’t a Runemaiden in there, meaning getting stabbed would actually result in her being stabbed.

Unlearning bad habits of overreliance on her own toughness was something she seriously needed, as while she was incredibly durable, and Jake struggled to cause any real damage to her in a real fight, she was far from invincible. She’d learned that the hard way after asking Arnold to test a weapon on her, only to quickly learn that he apparently had bullets able to shoot straight through her using the powers of void magic. The Sword Saint could also pierce her defenses with several attacks, especially when he worked in the concept of erosion, targeting singular areas repeatedly to weaken them before striking.

After discussing the fight, the two of them talked some more, got updates on the situation in the rest of the Milky Way, ate some food, and waited a bit before the cooldown was up, and they could dive into the simulated Colosseum of Mortals again to have another duel, this one with weapons.

Jake was still a bit surprised at seeing Carmen use a shortsword and a shield for these fights, but she explained it felt oddly similar to how she regularly fought, and it was better than going unarmed against Jake with katars. That didn’t mean she didn’t lose, with Jake not really ever having a hard time, but she insisted it was good practice, especially the last parts of the battle where she’d fought unarmed until blood loss made her fall over and end the simulation.

This was how they ended up spending the next day or so. Every hour, they would have a fight while filling the time in between just doing whatever they felt would be entertaining – after getting done analyzing the fight they just had, of course.

Their longest time spent in the simulation ended up being nearly two hours. Not because they were fighting all that time, but because they were experimenting with what was possible in there, and yes, a different kind of sparring was possible in the Colosseum, but that particular kind was definitely better in the real world, but that was neither here nor there.

In the end, they ended up spending a bit over a day staying at the lodge, as honestly, leaving at nearly exactly the twenty-four-hour mark would definitely have just been weird and looked pre-planned. Carmen and Jake went straight to fetch Sylphie, who had been chilling with Vesperia in a small home the True Royal had made for herself deeper inside the forest.

Throughout everything, they were being tracked. Jake considered for a while how to handle this, but on their way back to Haven proper, Sylphie now in tow, one of their stalkers honestly got too close, and Jake couldn’t hold himself back anymore.

While looking as if he casually took a step forward, Jake instead used One Step and disappeared, appearing in the sky above. A second step brought him down to appear in front of a thin human male wearing a casual outfit while standing behind a tree. The man’s eyes opened wide when he saw Jake, and he was about to speak when Jake made him freeze up with a quick Gaze.

“You should really get better at stealth or consider if this is really the career for you,” Jake said in a dry tone as he glanced about, purposefully looking directly in the direction of a few more observers as he spoke up loudly. “Not like the four others are any better.”

For the records, there were five others, but the last guy was pretty far away, and Jake only knew he was there due to his Bloodline, so he saw no reason to advertise how good he truly was at detecting unwanted observers.

“Now, I would normally just kill you or have you imprisoned, but I happen to be in a rush today, so I’ll let you off with a warning to not be so damn obvious it gets annoying,” Jake smiled as he turned to walk away before stopping after a few steps and speaking loudly again. “Oh, and do pass this on when you make your report to at least make yourselves useful: I will soon reach out, so be ready.”

With those words, Jake took another two steps, teleporting with both as he went back to Carmen, who was walking with Sylphie on her shoulder.

“Got rid of the stalkers?” she asked him nonchalantly.

“Yeah, that should be all of them… now let’s go,” Jake answered, the two of them picking up speed as Sylphie gladly was just along for the ride.

The spies keeping an eye on them definitely backed off, with all the people Jake let know he’d seen backing off entirely, likely doing exactly what he’d told them to. He was certain their bosses would be very interested in what Jake had just said. Now, he didn’t actually know which factions these people were from, but he assumed at least the majority were related to Ell’Hakan and the Holy Church, which he would soon make contact with, so he’d kept his words purposefully ambiguous.

Also, while this hadn’t been part of the plan, Jake had been told to act like himself, and he sure as fuck wouldn’t usually allow a bunch of horrible stalkers to follow him unnoticed without at least giving them a good scolding for their offensive lack of skills.

With them handled and having picked up speed, Jake, Carmen, and Sylphie quickly arrived at the teleporter hub in Haven. From there, they went to the outpost close to the Prima Vessel, where more spies – who at least were a lot more subtle – waited and observed what Jake and Carmen would do.

No one really followed them as they went to the now nearly empty Prima Vessel. Only Arnold was inside with that assistant of his, seemingly analyzing the thing while trying to take samples of the metal the Vessel was made of. Arnold also tested some odd magic while scribbling down notes, making Jake and Carmen decide to not bother him.

The guards Miranda had posted at the Vessel naturally let Jake and Carmen through, and they went straight for the teleporter. Carmen already knew what planet they would be going to, and people from Valhal would be waiting on the other side. Once there, the true trickery would begin, and everything would go according to plan…

… alright, maybe that was a bit too much to ask for, but hopefully, everything would at least go acceptably according to plan. Had to be a little realistic sometimes…

Kindroth sat in a chamber, a vast ritual circle in front of him, as his surroundings were filled with the radiance of the Great Bright One. He bathed in this light as he felt the presence of his Patron channel into him as they communed with one another.

They spoke for a long time, Kindroth feeling the burden on his body, but this was far from the first time he’d done this. In fact, this was the third time in only a few days he’d made contact with his god, with this time concerning the latest news surrounding the Chosen of the Malefic Viper and his actions. More accurately, the actions of him and the Runemaiden of Valdemar.

Some of the spies who kept an eye on Jake weren’t deployed by enemies but by people who were considered allies of Earth. Trust was still weak, resulting in several world leaders taking the approach of “trust but verify” when it came to the claims coming out of Earth.

During the last day, the top leadership of Earth had been hinting at something. Some big reveal or plan that many believed would fix the current challenges faced by the alliance Earth had established. Many were calling for a military response, but Kindroth had been one of the people firmly opposed to such an approach due to the fear of escalation. It did help that his own world was untouched, though that naturally didn’t come as a surprise.

Kindroth and his god discussed recent happenings, the decisions the elf had made during this time, and the plan going forward. They both reached the same conclusion from the newest updates and as the ritual circle faded away, Kindroth couldn’t help but let out a sigh.

“So that’s the kind of approach they’ve decided on… such level of foresight to have seen this coming is truly frightening…” he muttered before suddenly smiling. “Well then, better help make it happen as smoothly as possible while we sit back and wait for the grand confrontations between gods and their Chosen…”

As we reap the profits and claim our spoils of war, he thought, not saying that final part out loud, as he truly couldn’t suppress his smile.

One just has to love it when a plan comes together.




***
Chapter 1000: Celebration


***






Jake was fully on board with the Malefic Viper’s plan to trick Yip of Yore by using Valhal and the fact they wanted him to join their faction. He had proceeded with the intention of exploiting Valhal without forming any genuine relations with the people from the Milky Way. However… it turns out they made that really fucking hard.

The moment Jake, Carmen, and Sylphie arrived at Valhal’s planet, Jake had expected a huge welcome party as they knew he and Carmen were coming. Instead, he was met with only three people, one of them being Sven, the former leader besides Carmen of Valhal on Earth. The two others were a woman who was effectively the foreign minister or something like that, with the final man the World Leader of the planet.

“Welcome to you all, Runemaiden, Lord Thayne, and Lady of the Winds,” the World Leader greeted them, speaking far more eloquently than his muscular form and large tower shield he wore on his back would indicate. This was also Jake’s first time hearing the term Lady of the Winds, but it was apparently some name a few people had started calling Sylphie after Nevermore.

“Good to see you again, Bobby,” Carmen greeted him with a smile, and Jake distinctly saw the man’s eye twitch as he turned to Jake.

“Allow me to introduce myself. I’m Boolbaraspmyson Yalajunkarious, World Leader of this quaint little planet and servant of Valhal, and it’s a pleasure to welcome you here despite the strenuous circumstances of your visit,” he said with a smile.

“A pleasure to meet you,” Jake nodded, trying to hold back commenting on the overly long name as he saw Carmen snicker beside him.

The World Leader just kept smiling as he introduced the woman with him, who looked like the only non-warrior of the group. “This here is Elliandrailsapro-“

“-pretty sure it was meant to be sopro,” the woman commented with a raised eyebrow as she interrupted the guy.

“Hey, don’t blame me! How the hell can you expect me to remember something so stupidly long?” the man shot back as he grinned, shaking his head before looking at Jake. “I’m surprised; you’re a lot more polite than I thought you would be.”

At this point, Jake realized they were just fucking with him, and based on Carmen’s reaction, she had clearly been part of setting this up dumb joke. Sven also cracked a smile, unable to hold himself back, as Jake also smiled and shook his head.

“Believe it or not, I’ve heard worse,” Jake said jokingly.

“Oh yeah, wasn’t there such a character in the Colosseum of Mortals?” Carmen commented. “Pol-something. A really long name.”

“Pollaystrasirial,” Jake corrected her, naturally remembering the mage he’d hung out with alongside Owen while in the Challenge Dungeon.

“You remember that, huh?” Carmen asked with genuine surprise.

“Why wouldn’t I?” Jake shrugged. “Pretty sure the system makes remembering stuff like that easy when prompted.”

“Unless you didn’t really try or want to remember something in the first place,” the World Leader added. “Anyway, let me introduce myself again. I’m Bob Bobbyson, but most people just call me Bobby, probably as a way to purposefully annoy me, as Bob is both shorter and easier to say and remember. Hm, maybe also because my old man was called Bobby, and they just like to make things needlessly confusing...”

“Well, I guess it’s still nice to meet you, Bobby,” Jake smiled, more than happy to continue the tradition of not calling the guy by his actual name.

“Likewise, likewise,” the man said, waving him off. “Carmen here did tell us you were, in her words, “pretty chill,” but I will admit I had my doubts, but I’m definitely not complaining.”

“No reason to be uptight for no reason,” Jake agreed.

“True that. Now, let’s not hold you up at the teleporter and get on with it,” the World Leader said as he motioned for them to follow. “Would be impolite to not show you the place a little.”

“We need to remember the reason why I’m here,” Jake said, turning a bit serious.

“Why the rush getting to the important stuff? I’ve gotten the general gist of things, and don’t worry, the Malefic One’s touch cannot reach this planet,” he said with a high level of confidence. “This world is hallowed ground. The presence of no other gods is allowed, and if they try to forcibly enter, we and the rest of Valhal’s Pantheon will know.”

Jake raised an eyebrow and subtly reached out to the Viper… only to feel as if the connection had been severely weakened. It was still there, but it was akin to going from a gigabit internet connection to a dial-up, and it would take some effort to even make initial contact. Plus, whoever was behind the formation would definitely know.

As for who was behind it? Well, it reminded him of Gudrun’s work, which made sense considering the Blessing of the World Leader in front of him.

[Human – lvl 282 – Greater Blessing of Gudrun]

“I guess rushing isn’t that necessary,” Jake agreed, making it obvious he had confirmed what the man had said.

“Great, because I have an awesome bar to show you. They make some really original stuff, and I’m sure the visit will be a memorable experience,” Bobby smiled as they all followed him.

Sylphie had remained quiet throughout it all, just chilling with Carmen, who happily carried her around. The hawk was just there because it had seemed fun to come along, and it also communicated trust Jake was fine with bringing her in the first place. It was no secret Jake valued her highly, as they had plenty of public displays of affection, proving they were essentially family.

Their little group quickly went out of the teleportation hub placed in the middle of what Jake soon learned was the capital city of the planet. Before the system, this had been a planet inhabited by humans in the later stages of the Middle Ages by Earth standards, though they had some areas where they had been oddly modern technology-wise and with how progressive they were.

The capital city was pretty big and housed around twenty million people, with around half a billion living on the planet before the system, with that number now up to over a billion, fueled by the many humans who had traveled there from elsewhere in the Milky Way.

Looking around the city with his Sphere, Jake noted the relatively spartan design of most buildings, as there definitely was a focus on efficiency over aesthetics when it came to architecture. History-wise, Jake also learned that this planet had been one with two major factions for most of their recorded history, both constantly at war with one another until around fifty years ago where – in a real Romeo and Juliet story – the prince and princess of the two kingdoms fell in love and got married, uniting the two kingdoms and creating the empire.

If you encounter this story on Amazon, note that it's taken without permission from the author. Report it.

What followed was the establishment of a new leadership structure, which ended up focusing on placating the many nobles from both kingdoms, who were all still pissed at each other and fought over all the land that had changed hands dozens of times throughout the centuries, resulting in them gaining a whole lot of power. The citizens suffered with the nobles just raking it in, as the new emperor and empress just sat back, happy that the nobles were happy…

Anyway, a big revolution, lots of rolling heads, and a very messy reform primarily led by military leaders later, they ended up with an odd leadership structure that was pretty much just a military dictatorship but with actual upwards mobility. They had odd laws like settling disputes with combat and whatnot, and Jake did think it sounded pretty damn dysfunctional, but they, it had made them into a society that happily embraced the doctrines of Valhal, so it had kind of worked out, right?

Reaching the bar, Jake would also soon learn this odd culture meant something else.

Speaking of the bar… Jake didn’t know if it should be considered normal, but the biggest building in that entire part of the city was the massive bar that reminded Jake more of a warehouse than any kind of bar he’d ever seen. The place was also absolutely packed from top to bottom, with people running about and yelling loudly.

A few people threw glances at Jake and the others, but no one really seemed to care outside of those doing a second take at Sylphie, probably wondering why the hell someone had brought a hawk to the bar. Not that it stood out too much, considering there were several beasts already present, including a large bear that currently seemed to have their head stuck in a barrel.

Bobby saw Jake glance about and began to explain: “It may sound odd, but many view a bar like this as our place of worship. Valhal does not do churches or really any kind of religious buildings, but places like this one do come close. It’s somewhere you go before and after a battle, a place to celebrate a victory and raise a final glass to those who have fallen. It may not be official doctrine, but it’s pretty normal across the multiverse for members of Valhal to use places such as this for important events and everyday worship.”

“Also helps that Valdemar is a brewer himself,” Carmen pointed out with a smile as she took in the atmosphere in strides.

“Definitely doesn’t hurt,” Bobby nodded as he led them inside. A lot of the patrons greeted Bobby, and a few also said hi to Carmen, who had visited the planet before during this entire system event.

Jake admittedly wasn’t a big fan of bars like these but still chose to come along and experience a bit of Valhal’s culture. It did certainly have its charms, and when they found a table near the bar itself and got some drinks, Jake also had to admit they had some good stuff there.

Bobby told Jake more stories about their planet and just discussed Valhal in general. It was self-evident he was trying to make Jake’s view of Valhal even better than before and show that he truly did belong with them and not the Order of the Malefic Viper. Or, considering he seemed to have some gist of why Jake was there on the planet in the first place, he wanted to assure Jake he was more than welcome to become one of them.

Jake genuinely appreciated it, even if it did make things harder, considering he felt like he was lying and screwing them over by acting as if he would join when he never planned to. Still, he chose to enjoy his time, as even if he didn’t join, that didn’t mean he wasn’t their ally and could share a beer, right?

About an hour passed, and after Jake was introduced to a few brands of beer that were a bit too experimental for his taste, something he probably should have expected to happen happened. A particularly brawny guy who definitely had a drink too many walked up to Jake and rudely poked him in the back.

“Hey… hey, you’re that Chosen fella, right? I heard you’re-“

Before he could finish, a fist collided with his face as the otherwise polite and well-spoken World Leader threw a haymaker, putting the guy on the floor. Instantly, the mood of the entire bar changed as a lot of people sobered up quickly and turned their way.

Jake was confused, thinking Bobby’s reaction was a bit over the top, but Carmen just grinned. “Now comes the best part of a bar visit and my favorite memory from my first visit.”

Quickly leaning back, Jake dodged a glass thrown at him as another patron had gotten themselves involved. The guy who threw it had an almost bestial look of excitement as he stared at Jake, many of the others doing the same. Jake was confused for a moment… until he understood.

Valhal. Fighting fanatics. A bar full of warriors… and a newcomer hotshot who everyone praised as powerful. Could they really call themselves warriors of Valhal if they didn’t at least test his claim?

Another glass was thrown Jake’s way, but he quickly caught it and sent it back where it came from before motioning to the guy, now covered in beer, to throw another. Others took the invitation, and Carmen put a hand on Bobby’s shoulder and dragged him back and down into his chair.

“Enjoy the show, Bobby. Oh, and try not to kill anyone, Jake,” Carmen said, leaning back, Bobby doing the same, so easily convinced Jake was certain this entire thing wasn’t actually a surprise to him.

“Ree?” Sylphie asked if he wanted her to make a big tornado.

“Nah, I’m good,” Jake said, enjoying the welcome prepared for him by Valhal as three people charged him at once.

Jake emptied the wooden mug before tossing it on the ground. His chair moaned from the movements, but Jake didn’t particularly notice as it was drowned out by all the other pained voices.

The bar was an utter mess, with chairs and tables broken and thrown everywhere, one of the walls was halfway missing, and the floor was covered in blood in most places. In the center of everything was what could only be described as a small mound of people who were beaten up pretty damn badly to the level they could barely move.

On top of this mound sat a shirtless and unharmed Jake, having taken off his cloak and armor as he felt it unfair that so many of his attackers weren’t wearing anything either. Plus, people kept grasping onto his clothes, and they had turned all wet and red from the fighting that it was honestly easier to go without.

Only a single table in the entire bar was untouched as Carmen still sat there with Sylphie, enjoying themselves with the foreign minister lady who hadn’t joined the fight. Sven was now somewhere beneath Jake in the mound of people, with Bobby embedded in the wall not too far away.

“I told you it would be fun,” Carmen spoke loudly as she looked up at Jake with an almost envious look. “I would have joined too, but I get the feeling there wouldn’t have been a building left if I had.”

“Hey, if nothing else, I now understand why they go with simple building designs,” Jake answered with a grin.

Why would one bother making pretty decorations and intricate designs when chances were the building would get broken from a fight within a week or two? Better to make things practical and easier to quickly reconstruct while aiming to make everything as durable as possible. The fact one of the walls had survived Jake throwing Bobby into it with enough force to kill a weaker C-grade was proof of quality construction for sure.

Speaking of Bobby, the guy soon enough got himself off the wall as he fell on the floor. He quickly stood up, one of his legs not able to carry his weight, but he still walked forward as he raised his head and looked at Jake. “How did ya like your welcome party? Quite the celebration, eh?”

As Bobby said, this was Valhal’s way of welcoming him as a warrior. Jake had been impressed by the average quality of fighters in the bar but now knew they had been the cream of the crop Valhal in the Milky Way Galaxy had to offer. They were pretty strong, stronger than most of the elite teams of Earth. It was respectable, but when held up against Jake, there naturally was no comparison, and they all knew it. Yet they allowed him to display his power and feel it on their bodies directly. They allowed him to prove himself a warrior and one of them.

It was all truly a celebration of power and comradery, and Jake felt no animosity from any of the people he’d just beaten to a pulp. Instead, some even seemed as if it was an honor to have been punched in the face by who they believed would soon be a fellow comrade of theirs. Jake felt welcomed for sure… which only made the real reason he was there harder to swallow.

“A celebration indeed,” Jake smiled as he leaped off the mound of warriors and landed in front of Bobby. “I would love to keep enjoying myself… but things can only be delayed for so long.”

Bobby nodded in response as he pulled out a healing potion to quickly get himself back in better shape.

“You’re right,” Bobby said, cracking his neck after the healing energies of the potion allowed him to recover somewhat. “It’s not like we won’t have plenty of time to celebrate victories in the future.”

“Let’s hope we will,” Jake just smiled as the celebration was over, and it was time to get back to work.




***
Chapter 1001: The Magical Conference Call Begins


***






Meetings were unavoidable no matter what faction, even if it was one made up of beer-loving warriors who preferred a good battle to fix most problems. However, they did recognize there were situations where fighting would benefit no one, and everything happening in the Milky Way was one such situation.

At least it wasn’t the time for a full-on war quite yet.

The entire reason behind the current conflict was to get rid of the Order of the Malefic Viper’s influence over the Milky Way. At least, that was the excuse Ell’Hakan used. The real reason was, of course, for Ell’Hakan to help his Patron defeat the Malefic Viper by helping build momentum for the god through his efforts in the new universe.

So what if they offered Ell’Hakan something better than him having some minor victories and claiming a few planets? As Bobby put it:

“It’ll look better for Ell’Hakan that he managed to make you surrender – or at least look like you surrendered - and switch sides rather than just outmaneuver you on the battlefield,” he said, having quite good insight into these sorts of things. “Of course, that wouldn’t mean the situation in the Milky Way would be resolved, but it would put a pause on things. Putting a pause on things would definitely be to his benefit, as once his Patron wins, Ell’Hakan will only grow in power and influence. While a truce is in effect, he’ll also look like the winner and obviously communicate himself the winner, which should help weaken the Malefic One… especially with your announcement.”

Jake nodded as he nurtured his beer, everything Bobby said tracking with his discussion with Villy and the others back on Earth. He felt like he’d had this exact meeting two times already, with the only difference being the setting.

But, hey, at least this time, they had an open bar with every kind of alcoholic drink the heart desired because even when Valhal held meetings, they still made sure to enjoy themselves.

“I just want to make sure, though, before we start doing anything… are you sure about this?” Bobby asked Jake with concern. “You will be taking an extreme risk by directly opposing your current Patron, and while I understand from Carmen you may have some plans of your own, wouldn’t simply renouncing the Blessing you’ve been granted by the Malefic Viper be a safer option? If you cut him off, it may hurt you in the short term, but I’m certain Valhal will more than happily help you make up for any losses.”

“Things are a lot more complicated than they appear,” Jake sighed. “I’m not a huge fan of repeating myself, so you can hear why I’m doing things the way I am at the same time as Ell’Hakan does. I feel like that’s safer, too, and I hope you will understand why when the time comes.”

In truth, Jake didn’t want to tell the story multiple times out of fear he would mess up or stupidly add some detail he would forget later on. No, better to tell the story once and once only. The excuse it could be dangerous to explain in the first place also wasn’t something anyone could write off, as no one knew what exactly was going on between Jake and the Viper, and it was entirely possible they had some contract or that some conditional magic was in place.

“Alright,” Bobby just relented, not pressing the issue further.

“If it’s worth anything, I have a good idea what’s going on, and I agree with him. Without the barrier in the communication room, he shouldn’t be saying anything,” Carmen added, crossing her arms. “Gudrun advised us to be cautious… we are dealing with a Primordial here, after all. A washed-up loser only coasting by due to his over-inflated ego and exaggerated reputation, but a Primordial still.”

While Carmen flamed Villy quite harshly, Jake didn’t fail to notice that nearly everyone was looking at him for his reaction. Usually, someone blessed by a god wouldn’t like it when you talk shit about that god, especially not a Chosen. The thing about Jake was that even if he wasn’t a fan of people insulting his buddy… he didn’t really care that much.

“I guess that’s what happens when you coop up in your Divine Realm for who-fucking-knows how long without doing anything,” Jake shrugged, clearly showing he was unbothered by Carmen’s insults. “But I have been close enough to know I shouldn’t underestimate the Viper no matter how much he’s fallen behind all the other Primordials.”

Jake could feel the relief wash over several of the high-ranking officials from Valhal. Perhaps they had all been wondering if Jake had truly determined himself to turn his back on the Viper, and this seemed to have served as an acceptable confirmation.

“True, so we shouldn’t delay too much either,” Bobby said as he adopted a serious look. “We already made some preparations to set up a meeting with Ell’Hakan, and we have a room prepared from our prior communications. Before you ask, no, we actively avoid meeting him in person as per the guidiance of my Patron. His Bloodline simply poses too high of a risk to meet him in person, especially in any kind of negotiation. When you can’t even trust your own emotions, how the hell are you supposed to know when you’re getting a good deal?”

It was obvious that while the plan was to oppose the Malefic Viper, the people from Valhal certainly didn’t like Ell’Hakan either. It was naturally totally understandable, and it boded well for what would come after the Viper’s plan had hopefully been a success and Jake made his move to take down the would-soon-be former Chosen.

“Yeah, I’ve met him in person a few times, and he’s an unsettling guy. I also reckon it’s only gotten worse the more powerful he becomes,” Jake sighed. “Not meeting him face-to-face would definitely be our best approach… No, the only non-moronic approach.”

Nods from all around the room confirmed they were all on the same page as they discussed some minor matters of what was to come before heading off to the special communication room established by Valhal. As they had talked with Ell’Hakan before, alongside the Holy Church and most other factions, the place was already prepared, and they had already made some additional modifications before Jake got there.

This special room was constructed not deep underground, as Jake tended to prefer placing things like this, but instead high up on a mountain outside of the capital city. It wasn’t even anywhere closed-off, but just a large wooden pergola on top of the flattened and tiled mountaintop. Anyone could easily see the place from all around, making it the least secretive communication room for secret communication Jake had ever seen.

At least, it appeared like that at first. Jake felt some powerful magic in place as they approached the pergola and an odd aura that didn’t feel like it belonged there. He didn’t feel much mana, though, but some other form of energy was placed upon the place. It was powerful, almost semi-divine in nature, and only once he got really close did he understand why they had called the mountain sacred on their way there. The top of it had been made into hallowed ground, effectively giving the place itself a powerful Blessing.

Valhal were known for these kinds of places, and they had a lot of rituals and customs related to shamanism and mysticism. Their abilities to channel the heroic spirits of the dead and their Records were widespread knowledge, but Jake was still surprised when he felt as if thousands of people were nearby when he stepped foot on the tiled platform near the pergola.

Using his Sphere and Pulse of Perception, he quickly realized why. He also knew why this place was considered sacred in the first place, likely even before it became officially hallowed. At first, he had believed this a natural mountain, but now he saw it was an utterly massive burial mound purposefully made to look like a natural mountain. Within it, he saw countless bones of tens of thousands of warriors, remnants of their presence seeping into the very land he stood upon.

Taking in the atmosphere, he looked at the two other people who actually went to the pergola, as three was the agreed-upon amount that was allowed to take part in this meeting. The participants were naturally Jake, Carmen, and Bobby also joining them as the World Leader. Sylphie had gladly left as she was also allowed to kip out on the boring pre-meeting meetings to explore the planet a bit and have fun.

“Runemaiden, if you will,” Bobby said politely once they were all on the platform, Carmen nodding in response as she knelt down and closed her eyes, pressing her fists to the tiled floor.

“Mother of Valkyries, Matron of War, bless this hallowed ground and grant us safety and respite,” Carmen said as her energy drained into the ground, making the magic circles come to life. Golden light enveloped the entire mountain, and Jake felt a distinctively divine presence everywhere. It was as if a blanket of divinity covered the mountaintop, and Jake felt his connection with Villy completely cut off. In fact, everything outside of this now golden space was entirely cut off from them, as all he saw were golden walls in all directions.

“Damn impressive,” Jake muttered, as he truly had no idea how those magic circles worked.

“Just a small glimpse,” Bobby smiled before quickly putting on his serious face again. “Be ready, alright? Ell’Hakan and those with him will be projected here, while our projections will appear on his end using a similar magic circle. We cannot interact with them outside of talking, and elements such as karma are entirely filtered out. Only our appearances, actions, and words will communicate our intent here today, and the same is true for their side, so look out for anything you possibly can.”

Jake could feel just how nervous Bobby was. Once more, it was evident just how much the World Leader hated interacting with Ell’Hakan, but it was also clear he even feared it a little. As a World Leader, he could easily do and say the wrong thing that would land his faction and many people in trouble, and Ell’Hakan was no easy opponent on the political scene, Bloodline or not.

“I’ll be observant, but truthfully, I have very little to hide here today,” Jake said with a sigh. “Anyway, I’m ready when you are.”

“Alright… then here goes nothing,” Bobby said as he activated a token, making a smaller circle using clearly different magic methodology begin to shine as it connected to an identical magic circle across the galaxy.

The pergola didn’t have any chairs or anything like that, and the meeting would be done just standing up. Jake wore his usual outfit, mask and everything else that tended to make him comfortable as he didn’t want to give away anything unless absolutely forced to. He knew he wasn’t the best liar and would need all the help he could get to make his half-truths seem fully believable and his outright lies not easily seen through.

A few minutes passed, and Bobby explained the formation would only fully activate once all six people who would participate were there. No one else would be able to take part but the six of them, and no one could watch was was happening either. They had activated their magic circle fifteen minutes early to be ready, and ten minutes before time, it appeared the other side also joined the magical conference call, both parties politely early.

Three fully lifelike projections appeared five or so meters in front of Jake and the others, looking exactly like the real thing to the level Jake would have doubted if they weren’t really there if not for his Bloodline. At the front of the three newcomers was naturally the recognizable nahoom, Ell’Hakan, and to his left was a man Miranda had shown him a picture of before: King Iludar. A fellow newly promoted Administrator of the Seat of the Exalted Prima and representative of many of the factions who’d join Ell’Hakan and the Holy Church during the system event.

Jake had expected to see these two, but the third one wasn’t someone he’d thought to be there. He’d known it would be a representative of the Holy Church to uphold their interests, but despite knowing that, he was still surprised when he saw Jacob standing there, radiating his usual calm demeanor despite being only a projection.

“We meet again, Chosen of Yip of Yore, albeit under quite different circumstances than usual,” Bobby said in a confident voice rather quickly after they appeared as if he wanted to get the first word in.

“Different circumstances indeed,” Ell’Hakan smiled as he looked at Jake, not paying Bobby much mind. “This entire thing is quite peculiar. We haven’t met since Nevermore City, have we? A shame, though I know we’ve both been busy. This is quite a tumultuous time for our small galaxy, after all.”

“Certain people have indeed been causing quite the ruckus,” Jake shot back as he glared at Ell’Hakan, not even having the time to marvel at how even Ell’Hakan speaking made it seem as if he was actually there right in front of Jake.

“Sometimes, chaos is needed before harmony can be achieved,” Ell’Hakan continued before he finally stopped scurrying around the subject. “But I hear you want to stop this chaos sooner rather than later. You and Valhal, hand in hand, seeking to, at the very least, put a pause on the conflict for now.”

“Right,” Jake nodded, knowing the guy had already been informed of the basics. The guy also clearly wasn’t looking to beat around the bush, as this meeting had gone straight for the crux of why they were there.

Ell’Hakan smiled at Jake’s curt response. ”Now, that does make me wonder… why? Why take such a passive approach? That doesn’t seem like you at all. Let’s be honest here: if you leveraged the elites of your planet alongside the warriors of Valhal, you could have escalated the situation and turned it around to be in your favor on several fronts. Yet you want to negotiate instead… do you see my confusion?”

“Is my desire to avoid needless deaths not a good enough reason?” Jake asked with his arms crossed.

“If the Augur had asked me that, I would have nodded in agreement, but let’s not act like you actually care,” the other Chosen said in a matter-of-fact tone. “So, let me ask again… why?”

Jake was silent for a moment as he remembered the plan. After a bit he finally sighed and looked Ell’Hakan directly in the eyes. “I don’t like you. I will never like you. If you were standing in front of me in person right now, we wouldn’t be talking at all.”

Ell’Hakan was quiet as Jake spoke and clearly not surprised at anything he said.

“But there’s someone I want to get rid of a lot more than you right now, and fighting will only jeopardize that,” Jake said In a serious tone.

“And who might the target of such great enmity be?”

“The Malefic Viper,” Jake said without missing a beat.

For the first time, Jake saw a flicker of surprise cross Ell’hakan’s face at the sudden direct declaration.

“Why would one possibly wish to get rid of their own Patron? There are other avenues in the case of inconsolable differences,” he asked, clearly suspicious. And for good reason. As Bobby had already brought up, it seemed to make a lot more sense for Jake just to renounce the Blessing of the Malefic Viper and accept one from Valhal. It would be far safer, as every moment Jake kept his connection to the Viper was a massive risk.

“I could list a few reasons why one would want that… but before all that, let me do just one thing,” Jake said as he took a deep breath, and he even infused his voice with Willpower. “I, Jake Thayne, hereby renounce my True Blessing of the Malefic Viper. Oh, and I officially tell the guy to go fuck himself.”

The entire platform got silent as everyone stared at him, Bobby and Carmen included. They definitely hadn’t known he was going to do this, which really helped sell what was happening. Jacob was also surprised, and Jake noticed Ell’Hakan subtly checking in with the Augur for his reaction.

Before any of them could say anything, Jake spoke once more.

“As you may or may not be able to see, that clearly didn’t fucking work,” Jake said in a clearly annoyed voice. “So you asked me why I didn’t look for alternatives outside of having the Malefic Viper slain? Well, because his death is my only way to get rid of him and his damn Blessing... and perhaps even turn this situation advantageous.”

Ell’Hakan stared at Jake for a few seconds before he smiled. “Before, I was merely curious, but now I dare call myself interested.”




***
Chapter 1002: A Tale of Half-Truths


***






Carmen just stared at Jake as he made his grand declaration of renouncing the Malefic Viper, even infusing his words with Willpower. She knew he and the Malefic Viper had been planning something, but this was… wait, was it even possible to make that kind of announcement without some kind of backlash? At least it had to trigger some kind of system prompt, right?

When he then explained how he couldn’t get rid of the Blessing, Carmen couldn’t help but feel weird about it. Jake wasn’t a good liar. He had never been. But when he said that he couldn’t get rid of the Blessing unless the Malefic Viper died, he seemed genuine. The other Chosen clearly also recognized this as he smiled and affirmed his interest in the discussion to come.

“Oh, lovely that you find my shitty situation interesting, real flattering,” Jake said in an obviously sarcastic tone before sighing. “But, fine, allow me to continue piquing your curiosity. I may not always do it, but I can admit when I’m wrong, and in retrospect, perhaps it was a mistake to jump into bed with a snake god who quite literally had Malefic in his name without properly understanding what exactly I was signing myself up to. But in my defense, I didn’t have a lot of information to go on back then, and it wasn’t like the Viper gave me a lot of time to think things over before instantly making me his Chosen. Say, do you know when I even became his Chosen?”

Ell’Hakan’s face didn’t change as he motioned for Jake to continue. “Do tell.”

“While still stuck in his damn Challenge Dungeon while infected with a poison that would kill me if I didn’t manage to cure myself in time. This was a Challenge Dungeon that had been made all the way back when the Malefic Viper was still active and had been purposefully made as part of an experiment to see if he could actually kill the challengers doing the Challenge Dungeon, and it had successfully killed every single other person who’d attempted it for dozens of eras until I came along,” Jake said in a matter-of-fact tone, and Carmen couldn’t help but keep staring at him as she hadn’t really known any of this.

“So do excuse me for wanting to take any advantage I could get, and everything indicated that being blessed by the god who’d also poisoned you would be a good way to survive. Back then, I had no idea about the implications of a True Blessing either, and the Viper didn’t even give me some smaller Blessing first but went straight for the True Blessing,” Jake continued.

“Now, that is admittedly odd. Why would he do that? You couldn’t have proven yourself much at that point, much less made yourself worthy of being his Chosen. He may be a washed-up Primordial, but he is still a Primordial and should have some modicum of pride,” Ell’Hakan said, seeming genuinely interested in Jake’s history.

“I would hope the answer is pretty fucking obvious,” Jake said in a half-mocking tone. “Same reason I reckon Yip of Yore made you his Chosen. It’s all in the goddamn Bloodline. Perhaps he knew about this entire Primeval Origins business back then and wanted to lock me down nice and early.”

Ell’Hakan looked in thought for a moment before he turned to the Augur of Hope sitting behind him. “Your thoughts on this tale?”

“While I cannot comment on the thoughts of those involved, I can confirm the sequence of events,” the Augur responded. “Jake walked out of the Challenge Dungeon with a True Blessing, meaning he must have obtained it very early on. I have also heard of the Challenge Dungeon in question from the Holy Mother, as well as others like it that were cleared throughout the eras. Many have fallen to them.”

“You say you won’t comment on the thoughts of those involved but do enlighten me nevertheless. Do you truly believe Jake here could have been tricked by the Malefic Viper?” Ell’Hakan asked the Augur, making Carmen genuinely afraid. If the Augur began to shoot holes in the story, things could easily get ruined faster than-

“Very possibly,” the Augur answered after only a moment of thought. “Jake had very little information to go on and was in a perilous situation. The Malefic Viper never truly gave him a choice and colored his view from the early days with the system. What’s more, and this is perhaps a bit speculative, Jake would gladly accept the True Blessing if it gave him power. His Path is a simple one, focused solely on the pursuit of furthering his own personal skills and abilities. It wouldn’t be difficult for the Malefic Viper to take advantage of his fact.”

“Which begs the question,” Ell’Hakan said, still speaking as if Jake wasn’t even there. “Why would he be willing to denounce his own Blessing, knowing the loss of power such a thing would incur?”

Carmen once again had to hold herself back from sweating. Yeah, he wouldn’t do that, right, and-

“Because there is no power without freedom,” the Augur answered without hesitation. “Should the True Blessing end up becoming a shackle, Jake would gladly cut off his own foot to escape, as long as doing so means he would be able to live on his own terms.”

“Not entirely accurate,” Jake pointed out before smiling. “Before cutting off my own foot, I would at least try to take down my captor whenever next he was dumb enough to give me the chance to. Also, pretty rude of you to discuss me when I’m standing right here.”

“I apologize,” the Augur said with a small nod, not trying to give any further excuses.

Ell’Hakan looked at Jake once more as he seemed serious. “Am I to understand this correctly: you claim that the Malefic Viper effectively tricked you into becoming his Chosen because he wanted your Bloodline, relied on your innate nature and lack of knowledge to keep luring you in, and now you are effectively shackled to him and looking for a way to escape?”

“Tried to escape already,” Jake said in a cold tone. “You know why Yip of Yore chose to attack now, right?”

“The Malefic Viper used his Transcendent Skill in this universe and suffered the backlash for doing so,” Ell’Hakan answered.

“Well, what do you think he used it on? Who he used it on?” Jake asked with a raised eyebrow. “Because I know, and the aftermath of him fucking around in my Soulspace using his Transcendent skill left me with severe soul damage for months, and without the Chosen of the Lifesoul Daolord, recovery would have taken even longer.”

Carmen could only stare into empty space as Jake spoke. Everything he said seemed like the truth, and while the magical conference call didn’t allow one to use lie-detecting skills or anything like that, the people present tended to be really good at sussing out lies… and they also viewed Jake’s words as truthful.

Assuming everything so far, and the stories of how the Malefic Viper and met and their interactions, even Carmen couldn’t help but question… maybe the Malefic Viper really was the baddie?

This is going way fucking better than expected, Jake thought as he kept trying to stick to the script as best as possible. He’d missed a few things and included some extra stuff here and there to not seem like he was actually following a script, but the discourse had flowed in the right direction.

Jacob coming in with the assist was not expected at all. The Augur was on the other side of the conference call, and yet he’d helped Jake immensely by pretty much corroborating everything Jake had said while giving him a great segue to continue the conversation.

Ell’Hakan also seemed oddly receptive. Sure, he was skeptical, but he clearly allowed Jake to control the flow of conversation for the most part. He wasn’t fighting Jake and his attempt to get out of his narrative, which made Jake both confident and a little afraid. Confident because it made it seem like the other Chosen believed Jake, and afraid because he wasn’t sure if he should be believed this easily.

Then again, as the Viper had said, this was the kind of story Ell’Hakan and Yip of Yore would both only benefit from. They had the motivation to believe what Jake was saying, and besides, why would the Viper want his own Chosen to openly shit-talk him? The only reason would be if they wanted Yip to grow stronger in the first place, which shouldn’t make any sense.

Ell’Hakan, who had been getting progressively more willing to just listen, kept looking at Jake before continuing.

“What exactly did the Malefic One do with his Transcendent Skill?”

“I don’t know,” Jake said truthfully, shaking his head. “The system blocked out any knowledge about the details. What I am certain of is that he altered parts of his Legacy within me, leaving some things broken still. Things I’m not sure can be fixed without his assistance, and he knows that. Even told me I’ll need his help.”

Again, more truths. Jake didn’t know how to fix Palate and would need help from Villy. The framing was a bit off, sure, but it was still the truth.

“I see,” Ell’Hakan muttered. “What triggered him to use it in the first place?”

“Because he detected I was trying to do something that he would prefer I didn’t,” Jake said, rightfully assuming Villy wouldn’t be a fan of Jake accidentally killing himself. “As for how he did it… this is where I’ll need to mention something else by the name of the Trial of Myriad Poisons.”

Ell’Hakan frowned, seemingly unsure what that was as he glanced at Jacob, who explained:

“It’s a trial certain alchemists part of the Order of the Malefic Viper undergoes, but it’s relatively rare due to its… problems. It essentially involves soaking the alchemist in a grand mixture of poisons to stimulate their Palate of the Malefic Viper by absorbing all the poison. It has a rather high mortality rate dependent on the potency of the mixture used, and seeing as it only brings any real benefits when the potency reaches a level where it’s potentially lethal, many tend to avoid it and instead go with absorbing poisons over a longer period for more gradual growth,” Jacob explained, admittedly knowing more about the Trial than even Jake himself.

“You forgot the part where sometimes the one organizing the trial decides to add a drop of their own blood containing their Records,” Jake added in a serious tone. “A drop the trial taker then ends up consuming and having inside their Soulspace ever since.”

The mood in the room turned a lot more serious when Jake said this. Ell’Hakan stared at Jake with a level of disbelief that Jake believed was genuine, and even Jacob looked at him with concern. Jake also saw Carmen and Bobby look at him oddly.

“Do you seriously mean to tell me that the Malefic Viper implanted a drop of his blood infused with Records inside of you?” Ell’Hakan asked with a frown.

“I’m just telling you what happened,” Jake said with a shrug. “This drop of blood helped the Malefic Viper manifest himself within my Soulspace and do what he did in there. I will not deny this drop has been a boon at times, but I also realize it’s a ticking time bomb. As long as it remains within me, the Malefic Viper has a method to kill me at any time if he so desires. Shit, when I first had the blood implanted into me, I was overwhelmed with the Viper’s Records and risked getting forcefully transformed into a Malefic Dragonkin, but luckily managed to avoid such a fate. That’s something I don’t ever wanna repeat.”

“I see, I see… now, how does this drop of blood relate to your inability to denounce your Blessing?” Ell’Hakan continued questioning.

“It does, and it doesn’t,” Jake said cryptically. “I can’t say it’s one thing that’s happened that led to the current state of things, but fact is, I cannot renounce my Blessing even if I wanted to. All I know for sure is that my only way to get rid of my Blessing is either through my own death or the death of the Malefic Viper.”

“You did say that,” Ell’Hakan nodded as he considered Jake’s words. His entire demeanor had turned much less antagonistic and far more curious, interested, and trusting the longer the conversation had been going on. “Seeing as I doubt you aren’t looking to see the end of your own Path, I assume you wish to see the Malefic One be the one to fall?”

“If one of us has to go, better him than me,” Jake said in a curt tone. “Truthfully, I’ve never really held any faith toward the Viper in the first place, something I’m pretty damn sure he knew all along. My entire relationship with the Malefic Viper was one born out of mutual benefit. However, gods don’t tend to like that. They prefer worship and loyalty over anything else, and they cannot fathom a mortal seeing past their divinity for what they truly are: just another person. To me, they truly are nothing more than people with a headstart. Was then, still is now.”

“Your words sound, I almost wanna say, blasphemous,” Ell’Hakan said with a light smile.

“Funny you should say that considering even the system has tried to brand me a heretic, but due to my unique circumstances in large part brought on by the Malefic Viper, the tag never fully stuck, and I remained a Chosen,” Jake said without missing a beat.

Ell’Hakan didn’t seem the slightest bit surprised at Jake’s words, making it clear he already suspected Jake was pretty much a heretic. He took a few moments to consider before he asked. “Would you mind if I asked what role Valhal plays in all this? I am beginning to understand you wish to be freed from under the thumb of a tyrannical Patron, but why do you need them?”

“Allow me to answer that,” Bobby said as he stepped forward and bowed. “Even discussing this is incredibly dangerous, so we rely on the protection afforded by Valhal to somewhat ensure the safety of Lord Thayne. Additionally, he will need our help for what is to come. Should the Malefic Viper fall, Lord Thayne will have many enemies as he will have helped lead to his former Patron’s downfall, something we at Valhal will gladly help alleviate. As per the will of the War God, Lord Thayne also has a standing invitation, and I personally approve of him as a warrior, so we naturally wish to see him be one of us. Finally, in the event of the Malefic Viper’s death, we have made preparations to assist him in the next step.”

Ell’Hakan directed his gaze back at Jake as he flashed a big, genuine smile. “You wish to usurp the Path of the Malefic Viper.”

“Wouldn’t it be wasteful if no one claimed it?” Jake shot back, smiling on his own. “Besides, it’s the best of both worlds should the Viper die. I get my freedom and no longer have a Patron and a faction I am forced to be part of, and I can reap all the benefits of the Malefic Viper’s Legacy without the Malefic Viper being part of it.”

“That way, you won’t lose out on anything, and with sufficient preparation, there won’t even be any backlash the moment the Malefic Viper dies. Only an influx of power and Records,” Ell’Hakan nodded. “Of course, all of that requires the Malefic Viper to actually die, and should he survive, the consequences will be dire.”

“Well, isn’t it your Patron’s job to make sure history is made?” Jake asked and tilted his head.

“It is,” the Chosen nodded. “And I doubt he would say no to an assist, though it sounds like you already helped plenty so far.”

“Oh, and I plan to keep helping,” Jake simply said. “So let’s-“

“Let’s take five,” Ell’Hakan interrupted Jake. “No, make that fifteen. A moment for us all to consider what has been said before we gather once more.”

Jake was thrown off-course by Ell’Hakan’s sudden declaration as he felt all the momentum he had been building in the conversation halt. He wasn’t sure what the other Chosen could want or why he did this, but arguing against it would only look weird, so Jake just grumbled, annoyed.

“Seems like a complete waste of time for everyone involved, but sure, we can all delay needlessly for another fifteen minutes,” Jake said, not hiding how little of a fan he was of taking this break.

“Great,” Ell’Hakan smiled. “Let’s reconverge then.”

With that, the three projections disappeared, leaving Jake just standing there. He wanted to look back at Carmen and Bobby to get a feel for how things were going, but wasn’t sure if it was safe to… all he could hope was that things were doing well so far and that Ell’Hakan still bought Jake and the Viper’s schemes.

Ell’Hakan kept smiling as the three projections faded away, the perfect replication of the Chosen of the Malefic Viper fading from view. Naturally, the Chosen of Yip of Yore had thoughts on what had just happened, as he nearly shook his head by instinct but held himself back.

While there are certainly some interesting factoids in there, it’s truly a tale of half-truths, reeking of deceit from top to bottom.

Nevertheless.

Turning around to King Iludar and the Augur of Hope, Ell’Hakan adopted a serious look as he regarded the two of them. “It may seem far-fetched… but I believe he’s telling the truth.”




***
Chapter 1003: A Suspiciously Productive Meeting


***






Jake waited impatiently for the conference call to restart. While Ell’Hakan and company likely had a lot to talk about, Jake and the others really didn’t. Nothing said or discussed so far warranted any real conversation, so all Jake did was check in with Carmen and Bobby to hear their thoughts on how things were going so far – after Bobby assured Jake no one could hear or see them, that is.

“He seems pretty on board,” Carmen shrugged. “But it’s hard to say with slimy bastards like him. Either way, even if he doesn’t believe us, he probably wants to just go along with the story anyway, right? At least until his Patron battles the Malefic Viper.”

“I’m in agreement,” Bobby nodded. “You just need the story to be somewhat believable. I’m sure Ell’Hakan will do the rest of the selling necessary to the rest of the galaxy and multiverse to help power up Yip of Yore from there, and when you do your official public denouncement of the Malefic Viper, nothing prior will have mattered. That in itself will be more impactful and benefit Yip of Yore more than all the current ongoing schemes. From there, all we can do is sit back and wait for the gods to finish their battle while being ready for what comes next.”

Jake nodded at their input, fully aware. Right now, the only important thing was just to get Ell’Hakan on board and pause the conflict in the Milky Way Galaxy. Surely, he would spread information about what they had agreed on from there, laying the groundwork for Jake’s future renouncement of his True Blessing. Something that was bound to be a grand affair.

He was still worried about how everyone would deal with things back on Earth, but he didn’t really have the mental leeway to do that right now. The fifteen-minute intermission felt so damn long before it was finally time to restart things, but at last, it was go-time once more. Bobby reactivated the magic circle, only for them to see Ell’Hakan and the two others had already activated theirs and were ready and waiting.

“Right on time. I do apologize for requesting this short break, but I believed it wise to give us all time to digest all we had discussed thus far,” Ell’Hakan said in a calm tone, restarting the meeting.

“It was fine,” Jake shrugged. “Assuming the break led to anything productive and wasn’t just a waste of time.”

“I believe it wasn’t,” Ell’Hakan smiled as he turned to King Iludar and Jacob. “We discussed and agreed that assisting you in your quest to free yourself from the shackles of your tyrannical Patron would be mutually beneficial. We also agree to a temporary truce within the galaxy as long as the details regarding that are satisfactory, with full recognition that it’s only a temporary truce until the battle between Yip of Yore and the Malefic Viper has concluded.”

Jake nearly asked him to repeat all that, as he wasn’t sure if he’d heard right… because it sounded like Ell’Hakan had just agreed to everything they had been asking for thus far. Both a temporary alliance and truce were accepted just like that, and it felt way too fucking easy. It was so easy that Jake got suspicious, but he couldn’t exactly question why Ell’Hakan hadn’t tried to get more out of them without looking weird. No… there was still time for Ell’Hakan to make demands.

“Oh, but I do have one burning question before we get to the details,” Ell’Hakan said, tilting his head. “How will your fellow natives respond to all this? What will the Verdant Witch who serves the Order of the Malefic Viper say? The countless allies only there due to your title as the Chosen of the Malefic Viper? Because I have a hard time seeing them just going on with business as usual after you declare the Malefic Viper enemy number one.”

This was one of those times where preparation really came in handy, as Jake had a quick response ready.

“I told them a story,” Jake said curtly. “I informed them that everything is part of the Malefic Viper’s complicated scheme, and for them to simply trust me. That everything I’m doing here, and everything that will happen, is all part of the Malefic Viper’s plan. If all goes well, that story should stick until the bitter end or at least convince enough people long enough for them not to cause trouble.”

“And if it doesn’t convince them?” Ell’Hakan raised an eyebrow.

“One thing at a time,” Jake waved him off. “I never said this was a perfect plan, and it doesn’t have to be. As long as it’s good enough, things will be fine. With the help of Valhal, I’m confident in handling the aftermath.”

“Don’t you mean confident we’ll handle the aftermath for you?” Carmen said in a jokingly mocking tone, Jake giving her a mental thumbs-up for the natural assist.

“We have made preparations,” Bobby added. “Lord Thayne’s homeworld is one occupied overwhelmingly by humans and without the influence of the Malefic Viper, it would have been a prime target for recruitment. Will there be challenges should there be a switch of backers? Yes, but I would reckon many of those who put their trust in the Malefic Viper will also find themselves scrambling in the event of his death and would gladly accept the helping hand of Valhal during all that turmoil. As for those who still oppose us… well, any excuse to pick up arms would be more than welcome.”

“I see, I see…” Ell’Hakan slowly nodded as he looked back at Jacob. “To convince them all that this is all part of the Malefic Viper’s plan sounds incredibly far-fetched, wouldn’t you agree?”

“The Malefic Viper is a notorious schemer,” Jacob simply said. “However, I would agree that it seems illogical to have a plan that includes increasing the power of your mortal enemy, who currently has you on the back foot and is pushing back your faction on all fronts.”

“Right?” Ell’Hakan smiled as he turned back and looked Jake directly in the eyes. “That does sound unbelievable.”

Jake knew this was one of the more dangerous subjects, but this had been part of their considerations of what Ell’Hakan would question, and he quickly responded with one of his many pre-prepared semi-scripted sentences.

“It also sounds unbelievable that I would be unable to renounce my True Blessing, have a drop of the Viper’s blood implanted into my Soulspace, have the Viper use his Transcendence in that very same Soulspace, and all of that originating from me being made Chosen without knowing fuck-all about the system or how anything worked while still stuck in a fucked up Challenge Dungeon made to test the limits of the system… yet here we are, with all those things being truths I swear upon my Bloodline are true,” Jake said, perhaps coming on a bit too hard, but he felt like he needed to drop something like this to not lose momentum.

“You know, it almost sounds to me like you’re arguing all this truly is part of the Viper’s plan despite how ludicrous that seems,” Ell’Hakan said in a joking tone, shaking his head.

Fuck, Jake screamed internally as he kept a stoic look. Fuck me, why the-

Enjoying this book? Seek out the original to ensure the author gets credit.

“But I understand what you’re getting at. Reality and fiction, especially when dealing with figures as powerful as Primordials, can be hard to distinguish for everyone, with no one truly knowing what they’re capable of doing or planning. If those on Earth have no reason to believe you were lying about it all being part of the Viper’s plan, they’re more prone to believe it than anything I or anyone else subsequently say,” Ell’Hakan continued in a calm tone. “You are the Chosen of the Malefic One, after all, and who is more trustworthy in matters regarding the Viper than that?”

… saved? Jake thought, honestly not sure how to take Ell’Hakan’s words. It sounded almost like he was trying to help Jake’s story make sense. Or maybe he’d overthought things… Jake didn’t and couldn’t know, so all he could do was keep things up.

“Not exactly what I was getting at, but close enough. They also wouldn’t want to believe I would betray the Malefic Viper, as that would be a very inconvenient truth to many,” Jake said, trying to sound convincing, though he decided to add: “I will admit this is perhaps the riskiest part of all this, but as I said earlier, even if many don’t believe I’m just following the Viper’s plan, I’ll deal with that after everything is over.”

“Fair enough,” Ell’Hakan allowed Jake to move on. “I’ll let you handle things on your end, and I’ll handle things on mine. I do take it you have thoughts as to what this truce and temporary alliance will include?”

“Do enlighten me what you have in mind,” Jake said, throwing the ball in Ell’Hakan’s court.

“Well, needless to say, the most important thing will be a joint declaration,” Ell’Hakan said, and Jake was about to protest about meeting up in person as the Chosen continued. “Meeting physically shall naturally not be part of this. I believe it best we stay away from one another for now and keep our communication strictly long-distance.”

“Probably safest for everyone involved,” Jake agreed, once more not hiding his dislike of Ell’Hakan. In all honesty, it made Jake a bit happy that Ell’Hakan didn’t want to meet Jake either. Ell’Hakan had to know that if anything could ruin a good plan, it was a punch to the face, and everyone knew Jake found the nahoom bastard very punchable. It hadn’t been part of the plan, but Jake’s dislike meant that he wouldn’t even need to argue against meeting Ell’Hakan and risking being exposed to his Bloodline, which was a great boon.

“Safety above all,” the other Chosen said in a lighthearted tone, shaking his head. “Besides a joint declaration, we shall also decide on how everything will be communicated. Also, what roles do Valhal and the Holy Church wish to actively play during all this?”

The question was directed at both Jacob and Bobby, with Jacob speaking first.

“The Holy Church will follow whatever declaration of peace is made and shall cease all activities that aren’t solely to retain our existing territory. For this, we do demand that the Risen and other formal enemies of the Church will also remain confined to their current locations and not make any moves,” the Augur said, proposing what Jake assumed was the bare minimum.

“Valhal shall not take any actions either during this period, not unless others break the truce first,” Bobby said in a strong tone. “Our goal in all this is purely to assist Lord Thayne in his matters, nothing more, nothing less. His interests fully align with ours, and when the time is right, Valhal shall be the voice of authority to bring his denouncement of the Malefic Viper to the multiverse.”

“At which point, my Patron shall launch his final assault on the Malefic Viper, “ Ell’Hakan finished. “All seems simple enough on paper. Of course, there are some details to hammer out, but I believe we can find a solution everyone’s happy with.”

Jake slightly nodded, as he still felt some uncertainty from how easy this had all been so far, and how suspiciously productive this meeting had been. It didn’t feel as if Jake was trying to trick Ell’Hakan into an alliance and truce, but more like they both wanted the same thing, but for slightly different reasons. He almost felt that if he’d come to Ell’Hakan without any of his pre-planned stories and scheming and just asked him for a truce until Yip of Yore and the Viper settled their feud, the guy would have agreed.

He wasn’t sure if he should be complaining, though. This had been what they wanted, right? Yet Jake still had a nagging feel, no doubt coming in part from actually working with a guy he really wanted to just kill and be done with it. Alas, he would have to be patient and wait for the Viper to have his fun first.

Also, it was pretty damn clear Ell’Hakan had his own plans behind the scenes to be fine with this truce. Jake already knew he had dealing with the Holy Church that seemed mostly independent of Yip of Yore, and while the many allies he’d gathered were definitely strongly in part due to their Patron’s following Yip of Yore in his mad quest to slay the Malefic Viper, many also supported Ell’Hakan directly.

Without having any actual proof, King Iludar struck Jake as one of these people. During all their conversations, he seemed to never really react when gods were mentioned, making it appear he was quite neutral toward them. He also had a surprisingly clear gaze for someone Jake assumed to have been mind-fucked by Ell’Hakan over a long period of time. As for how strong he was… Jake had no idea. All he knew was that the guy was pretty good at politics despite not having talked much during this conference call.

What followed after they all agreed to a truth and temporary alliance was perhaps the hardest part of this all: discussing the details. Jake really missed having Miranda on his side here, and while Bobby was a good leader, he wasn’t Miranda-level. Oh yeah, Carmen was also there, but she was in even deeper water than Jake.

Seeing as Ell’Hakan also directly asked Jake several things during this planning, he had to stay engaged and on his feet constantly to not let anything slip. He was lucky that Jacob was also there, and his suggestions tended to be very neutral and seeking compromise, at least in any matters not directly involving the Church. Because he did get Jake to agree to a few things that the Church wanted, mostly as an act of goodwill.

It helped that Ell’Hakan agreed to all these as it was part of a larger plan to protect innocent citizens and preserve as many lives as possible. What Jacob wanted was an assurance from everyone that those part of the Church could evacuate freely from any planet involved in this and later conflict, and anyone part of other factions could also return to their own homeworlds.

Considering the fact there apparently already were tens of thousands of prisoners of war – primarily in the form of spies and planted political dissidents – quite a few would be able to go free with this proposal.

Jake called this part the hardest in all of this as he genuinely had no idea if what happened was good or bad. Sure, he’d sat in on his fair share of contract negotiations and whatnot, but this was on a whole other scale. Trying to portray himself as confident and competent in things like this was extremely difficult, and after some time, he realized that having Carmen there actually was a great boon… because she was bold enough to ask the questions Jake felt like he would look too dumb to ask.

He also couldn’t have prepared anything for this discussion but had to improvise everything, meaning there was a far higher chance he fucked something up. However, by mainly staying on topic and not discussing his story anymore, he believed it went pretty well overall.

As things seemed to be winding down, and everything looked right – at least Bobby seemed fine with things, and Jake didn’t find anything outrageous, they reached the final part they had to get done… recording a joint statement.

Four people would take part in this. Jake and Bobby on one side, with Ell’Hakan and Jacob on the other, representing that Valhal and the Holy Church both endorsed and had helped broker this deal. They wouldn’t go into many details about Jake denouncing his Patron quite yet, but keep everything vague and allow rumors to spread about why Jake would be with Valhal in the first place. It was better for people to reach their own conclusions than tell them outright Jake was looking to switch sides.

When the time was then right, Jake would use Valhal and Ell’Hakan to officially denounce the Malefic Viper and voice his support of Yip of Yore. With the seed of doubt already planted, this announcement would prove even more impactful.

However, before they got to the final announcement, Ell’Hakan once more had to take a moment.

“We need to make sure what we communicate outwardly is perfect, and before fully committing, allow me a moment to commune with my Patron,” the other Chosen said. “So, let’s meet back in… let’s say an hour? By then, we should all be ready, and we will all have some time to consider if we missed anything.”

And just like that, shit was delayed a little again… but at least Jake had a bit more to talk with Bobby and Carmen about now.




***
Chapter 1004: A Real Royal Mess


***






Jake, Carmen, and Bobby stood alone once more, now having an hour’s break before it was time to continue, and they all had some thoughts.

”It does feel a bit too easy, doesn’t it?” Carmen muttered, clearly also unsure of how things were flowing. “He definitely wants your story to be true, but he almost wants it too much. Pretty sure you could tell him that everything you’re doing is with the express intent to fuck him over, but just add on a little giggle and a “hypothetically” at the end, and he would instantly ignore it, if not help you explain it away…”

“I do find myself surprised,” Bobby also agreed. “But, and I must reiterate, does it matter? He seems to be going along with everything we’re planning so far, and while he may be scheming and making his own plans in the background, we just need to be ready for those when the time comes. Who knows, perhaps our interests may even genuinely align. It’s possible he views Yip of Yore’s victory as a done deal even if the Malefic Viper is trying to put a struggle by using us, and he is thinking the same things we are right now, that despite our schemes, it doesn’t matter to him in the end. Ultimately, it all comes down to who is more powerful in the end: the Malefic Viper or Yip of Yore.”

“Out of curiosity, who are you betting on?” Jake asked with a raised eyebrow as he playfully smirked. “To sell our story, we will need to make the preparations for me to usurp the Malefic Viper, so if he does end up falling, who knows what will happen…”

Bobby took his words a lot more seriously than Jake expected him to and slowly nodded as he looked Jake in the eyes. “If the Malefic Viper does fall, everything we said today simply becomes truth. At that point, you will have no reason not to usurp the Path of the Malefic Viper and take whatever Records you can. As Ell’Hakan mentioned, there is a good chance it will instantly make you significantly stronger. We are talking about immediate upgrades to Legacy Skills and likely even an instant influx of a lot of levels. After that, without the god whose Legacy you are usurping being alive, progress will prove a bit more difficult, but in terms of immediate gains, it would be a huge boon.”

Jake didn’t really comment on what Bobby said, but he had read up a bit on usurping during the day he spent with Carmen, and Villy had also given him some details for him to help sell that he actually intended to usurp the snake god’s Path. If Jake had a bad relationship with the Viper, he could totally have seen himself try to genuinely become a Usurper, but seeing as they were best buds, it all remained purely theoretical. Hopefully.

There was going to be some nagging feeling within Jake until Yip of Yore was dead that things wouldn’t go as planned. The rising star coming out of the ninety-second universe was incredibly powerful; no two ways about it, and he was still rapidly growing even more powerful by the day. Even the Path he walked was one recognized as impressive by all the top figures of the multiverse and one that could take him to the top… Jake just hoped that as he got toward the top, he would encounter a Viper in the bush, ending him for good before he had to change to truly reach the peak.

“Say, I just had a weird thought,” Carmen muttered as she looked at Jake and Bobby. “Here we are talking about Jake becoming a Usurper when Yip of Yore kills the Malefic Viper… but what if Ell’Hakan wants to become one when the Malefic Viper kills Yip of Yore?”

Bobby and Jake both looked at Carmen for a bit, both silent. She stood there, scratching the side of her head for several seconds, looking a bit embarrassed before trying to excuse her words. “It’s just a weird thought, and-“

“Fuck,” Jake blurted out as the cogs began to turn in his head. “Fuck me.”

“No, fuck us,” Bobby also said as he seemed to be going through the same thoughts and emotions Jake was right now.

It really was proof Jake had been all up in his own ass about the story he’d been cooking up that he’d completely neglected to consider that Ell’Hakan could also have some sneaky plot not aimed at Jake or the Viper in the oven. He’d also gone with the impression that Ell’Hakan was a loyal Chosen who wished to see the victory of his Patron, and while it was possible that was still his ideal outcome…

“He’s totally the kind of guy who would, at minimum, have a backup plan in place should Yip of Yore lose, right?” Jake asked with concern.

“He totally is,” Bobby wholeheartedly agreed. “Though it is unsure if Yip of Yore would be okay with this, as he’s bound to know if Ell’Hakan has a backup plan.”

“Maybe he doesn’t care?” Jake asked, asking himself as much as Bobby. “Maybe he’s so self-assured he truly doesn’t believe it matters… shit, questioning himself by questioning Ell’Hakan may even be bad for him due to his story-teller bullshit…”

“Fuck…” the Valhal World Leader blurted out again, punching an imaginary table as he paced around. “It’s obvious if you really think about it… and it makes everything fit so damn well. Ell’Hakan doesn’t need to care who wins. He just needs Yip of Yore to be as powerful as possible at the end, no matter the outcome. If he wins? Great, Ell’Hakan will be the Chosen of the first Primordial Slayer and a figure of immense renown. Yip of Yore loses? He can become a Usurper, and seeing how cozy he is with the Holy Church, join them and use their faction the same way you would use ours should the Viper fall.”

“Also explains why that King Iludar guy isn’t some Yip of Yore loyalist. He’s sure that the people closest to him would follow him no matter who wins,” Jake continued as he sighed. “Fucking hell… this shit is so goddamn messy. We don’t even know if this is right, but just on the off chance that it is…”

Carmen stood a bit awkwardly as she muttered. “Now I almost feel sorry for bringing it up.”

“Don’t be,” Bobby comforted her. “It’s good to keep in mind as an option.”

“Do we even need to do anything different?” Jake asked, unsure. It really was still a gamble if Ell’Hakan was even planning something like that or if it was just their own imaginations going wild. Shit, maybe they were the ones overthinking everything…

“I don’t think so?” Bobby said, not entirely certain either. “Just focusing on our side is probably for the best.”

“Yeah,” Jake nodded, as he was in thought for a while, considering things. “Say, how long yet till the meeting restarts?”

“Thirty-three minutes,” Bobby answered. “Why do you ask?”

“Thinking of making a phone call,” Jake said, still thinking.

“Contacting the Malefic Viper directly may be trackable if you do it here due to-“

“I’m not,” Jake shook his head, cutting him off. “I’m gonna quickly talk to Miranda. That shouldn’t be suspicious and easily explained away with me doing so to keep selling a lie.”

“Should be fine, then,” Bobby said. “Just walk out of the barrier before doing so as no skills to contact her will work within. Carmen should be able to let you out.”

“Sure,” Carmen agreed as she allowed Jake through. He went outside and placed down the simple ritual to reach out to Miranda. It wasn’t actually her he wanted to talk to, though. Instead, he wanted to be put in touch with a certain mad scientist as he had some questions and a few matters to discuss considering recent potential outcomes of the conflict, as well as perhaps a few solutions.

Just short of half an hour later, Jake was back inside the barrier, and just in time for things to get started again. His conversation with Arnold had gone well and would hopefully lead to something good in the future, but as always with things like this, only time would tell.

On the dot, the magical conference call resumed, and this time, Jake spoke first when he saw the three fully lifelike projections appear:

“Good to see we’re at least all punctual people. How did your talk with your Patron go? Is he interested in our mortal plots?”

“He’s skeptical but optimistically so,” Ell’Hakan smiled. “He’s chosen to defer to my judgment in this matter, and I believe moving forward with our discussed plan is the best course of action. We shall make a joint declaration to establish this truce and plant the seed of doubt in the hearts of those who follow the Malefic Viper. Then, when the time is right, and I contact you once more, you make the true denouncement of your Patron, at which point my Patron will launch the final attack.”

“So we’re doing exactly what we agreed to an hour ago?” Jake asked in a curt tone, acting like he truly saw the break as a complete waste of time. “Guess this intermission was entirely meaningless, but I guess it makes you feel better to have gotten permission from your honored Patron. Can’t say I’ll miss being a suck-up myself.”

Ell’Hakan just threw Jake a glance and shook his head as his mood turned serious. “Let’s just get on with it, shall we? If all goes well, we will not have to speak much once all this is after and can go our separate ways. You make it no secret you are not a fan of mine, and I have no particularly positive or negative emotions towards you either. The only reason we are forced to oppose one another is due to our Patrons, so once that’s settled, let’s cut all ties there. Good or bad.”

Jake looked back at Ell’hakan, meeting his gaze. “Can’t say I’ll miss being rid of you either.”

By now, Jake had begun to realize one problem, though… one quite massive one. All these talks had made Jake think. Especially the part about Ell’Hakan potentially being a Usurper. If he truly was, the Holy Church was likely helping him set up everything. That means they had significant investment in him, and likely even a recruitment plan in place.

In other words, after Yip of Yore was dead, Ell’Hakan would likely end up being part of the Holy Church. Becoming a Usurper would also be him proving he never had any true loyalty to Yip of Yore in the first place, and any actions he did could easily be excused by the Holy Church as something he had been forced to do. They could spin a story of a hero who’d been manipulated to act the villain, all to protect their newest asset and remove anyone’s excuse to go after Ell’Hakan.

All connection Jake would have left between himself and Ell’Hakan would be whatever personal enmity remained. It would be him one-sidedly attacking a member of the Holy Church due to personal hatred that they would no doubt believe had a very thin reasoning behind it. Shit was bound to turn into a real royal mess if Jake’s theory was right and he really decided to go after Ell’Hakan, and many would likely expect him to back off. However… Jake wasn’t sure he would be able to do that.

I’ll cross that bridge when I get there, he thought, trying to focus on what mattered most right now: the joint declaration.

“It hurts my feelings to hear you say that,” Ell’Hakan smiled. “Perhaps we could have been friends if we’d met under different circumstances. Alas. I just hope we can all let the past stay in the past after this and look to the future together, perhaps not as friends, but simply uninvolved parties.”

Jake kept eye contact and saw the relaxed and confident gaze of Ell’Hakan, almost saying that everything was going as he wanted it to. It was the same look he’d had in his eyes the day Jake first saw him back on Earth… right before he threw Chris’ head at Jake’s feet.

Yeah, fuck crossing bridges; I’d rather burn them all down if that’s what it takes to get his head on a pike.

Hours later on that same day, a grand announcement echoed throughout the Milky Way Galaxy. On one side, Ell’Hakan and the Holy Church, and on the other, Jake Thayne and Valhal, both agreeing to a truce through a recorded message with the two Chosen.

Instantly, the different factions made their moves to abide by the terms of the truce, clearly having been prepared. The Holy Church began to retract many of its spies and had their members who were causing local dissidence take a chill pill. Everyone knew this would only be a temporary truce, and conflict was still boiling below the surface, ready to erupt at any point, but for now, things would calm down, much to the relief of the average citizen who quite frankly just wanted people to stop fighting.

Still, even they knew the truce was clearly not one meant to last forever. Just long enough for a resolution to be reached between the Malefic Viper and Yip of Yore. It wasn’t an equal truce, though, as the mere fact that the Chosen of the Malefic Viper had agreed to a truce was quite telling to many.

One had to remember that the only reason a truce had been needed in the first place was because Ell’Hakan made his move. From the outside, it looked as if the Chosen of the Malefic Viper had seen everything going on in the multiverse and the galaxy before quickly concluding he wasn’t willing to put up a fight. Perhaps he was even looking for a way to use what he still had to negotiate, putting many of those who’d sided with him in quite a state of panic.

What only made it worse was the lack of answers. Miranda, the person many viewed as the de facto leader of the Chosen’s alliance, simply told them to trust the Chosen and the Malefic One while refusing to say more publicly. Behind closed doors, things weren’t much better either, as that could also just be boiled down to just needing to show trust and faith in them.

Despite there being a truce, that didn’t mean everything was paused, though… because no one said anything about entirely peaceful decisions made by individual World Leaders to change alliances. The alliance led by the Chosen of the Malefic Viper bled a few members even on that first day, with little effort to keep them around.

Within the first few days, it also became obvious this entire truce was far more beneficial to Ell’Hakan and the Holy Church than Valhal and the Chosen of the Malefic Viper. It allowed them to continue cementing their own power in the larger territory they controlled while slowly enticing others to switch sides, all in a perfectly peaceful manner that adhered to the truce.

The state of things in the Milky Way Galaxy was obviously quickly leaked to the rest of the multiverse. While it didn’t have as much impact in the ninety-third universe that the Chosen of the Malefic Viper had allied with Valhal to make this declaration, it sent echoes throughout the rest of the multiverse.

For the Chosen of a god to ally with an enemy faction to get a truce like this was… unprecedented. It created so many questions, all of which the Order of the Malefic Viper had no good answers. Valhal, on the other hand, gladly told everyone that the Malefic Viper’s Chosen had approached them to make this truce and that they “were in talks about the future.”

All in all, things were getting messier and messier, something Yip of Yore thrived on, as the Order of the Malefic Viper continued crumbling by the day, rumors now circulating that even their Chosen – who’d almost become the symbol of the Order’s revival and the Viper’s second coming – had now turned his back on them.

About a week after the announcement of the truce within the Milky Way Galaxy, the war in the rest of the multiverse took a turn. A base belonging to the Order of the Malefic Viper was attacked, and in what many came to view as a move of desperation, a low-tier god who’d been the one in charge there personally got involved. In one swoop, he killed over a thousand A-grades and several S-grades, and in response, a dozen gods descended from Yip of Yore’s side, with the Order finding themselves forced to respond in kind.

The war had now officially entered its late stages, as the war between mortals had ended, and the duels between gods began.




***
Chapter 1005: Countless Considerations


***






Waiting always sucked, but sadly, Jake couldn’t really do anything but wait at this point. He had no agency to decide when the next arc of this conflict would begin but simply had to sit back and wait for a message from Ell’Hakan before he and Valhal would make their grand denouncement of the Malefic Viper.

At least he had a few things to keep himself occupied, and the first he did after the truce announcement went out was to follow Bobby to inspect the ritual they had been preparing for Jake. It was a ritual Jake hoped he would never have to use but had been made anyway to sell their story. Professionally speaking, Jake did have to admit he was curious to see a circle capable of helping him become a Usurper.

From the vibes he got from Bobby, Jake also suspected that the guy low-key wanted the Viper to die. Jake wasn’t entirely sure how much Bobby and likely a few other top people from Valhal knew about what he and Villy planned, but they did have some idea that the Viper had a plan of some sort, and they also kind of knew Jake was working with the Viper… but he also sensed some suspicion from Bobby that Jake was more than willing to become a Usurper should it come down to it.

Jake was a heretic no two ways about it. If he didn’t at least have heretical intent, how could he even consider a ritual to help him become a Usurper? No, this was something they knew for sure, and it had been confirmed several times. Yet he also seemed fine with working with the Viper, making it all very confusing in their eyes. All his heretic antics could always be excused away later by the Viper and Jake as some kind of trickery, maybe even using the Transcendence of Villy as the cause of Jake being able to leak the aura of a heretic.

From Jake’s point of view, he saw no reason to elaborate on matters to anyone quite yet. He liked the ambiguity spawned from them having no real details and would hopefully coast on that until everything was resolved. It wasn’t as if he planned on talking a lot with other people while staying at Valhal for the foreseeable future but would instead spend most of his time just doing alchemy with the excuse of preparing himself for the Usurper ritual.

While at Valhal, Carmen would be his primary contact person, and she luckily didn’t ask that many questions, in part because she genuinely didn’t seem to care much about what Jake was planning, though she had voiced that Jake joining Valhal for real would be neat. Her lack of interest was refreshing, though, and her disconnected approach to all the scheming was likely also why she saw the frankly quite obvious signs that Ell’Hakan could also be planning to walk the Usurper route, making her valuable to discuss matters with.

Anyway, seeing the huge ritual prepared by Valhal for Jake to become a Usurper was quite something. It was once more constructed atop a mountain, with it clearly being no secret they had made it, meaning its existence had definitely leaked. The ritual circle itself was over a hundred meters wide, with complex runes and scripts everywhere, making Jake wonder how long they had been working on it. Bobby seemed vague on the topic, while Carmen legitimately didn’t know, and it was definitely a bit suspicious.

The magic circle wasn’t done, though, and they needed some help from Jake to finish it, something he gladly helped do. He had been worried that he wouldn’t be able to focus for the first few days while at Valhal, considering he knew a lot of shit had to be going on in the rest of the Milky Way Galaxy and the multiverse as a whole, but spending his time analyzing the ritual helped put his mind off things.

Over the next couple of days, Jake studied the circle, talked to some people who’d helped make it, and read some books about this particular brand of magic. It wasn’t based on the same methodologies as rituals by the Order of the Malefic Viper, but honestly, even if it had been, it wouldn’t have helped Jake much.

Because one of the first things he learned was that no one truly understood what they had made. Hundreds of people had helped make the magic circle, each in charge of their own small areas. Everything was based on divine guidance and could be compared to them just tracing the lines and copying stuff down. Rather than solve some advanced math equation, they just copied from the blackboard, not knowing what the hell all the weird symbols meant.

Jake tried to understand the circle, but after those few days, he learned it was simply impossible for someone of his level to comprehend it. It was one designed by gods, with theories far beyond mortal understanding. Sure, mortals could still copy down the written formula, but that didn’t mean they had the slightest idea how to solve it by themselves. Probably made sense that a god was behind the circle, as it was made to usurp the Path of a deity.

In the same vein, Jake wouldn’t be able to operate this magic circle by himself. If it did come down to using it, the one actually activating the magic circle would be a god from Valhal – likely Gudrun, based on what Jake had been told. This did require a certain level of trust, as she could probably fuck over Jake if she so desired, but he wasn’t worried. Firstly because he never planned on using the circle in the first place, and secondly, because what would she possibly gain from fucking over someone her husband actively wanted to recruit?

Either way, the thing Jake had to do to put the finishing touches on the ritual was more or less just to infuse his DNA into it. To make it into one attuned to himself and his Path, as well as the Path that he planned on usurping. This did end up taking a few more days, and just before a full week had passed since Jake arrived on the planet, the entire magic circle was completed and ready to go should it ever be necessary. Jake walked down the mountain, knowing he would be up there the day the final confrontation between Villy and Yip took place, with the hopes that the next time he was there, it would remain inactive and that the work he’d done on it would be a waste of time.

Heading back into the city, Jake soon met up with Carmen and Bobby. After getting the two of them into a private room, he asked with quite a bit of nervousness:

“So… what’s been happening?”

“Torben finished a new brew using these weird purple berries, which have a spicy taste that really compliments most fatty foods,” Carmen answered with a smile.

“Really? Great to hear that’s the only noteworthy news,” Jake commented in a dry tone.

“Is to me,” Carmen shrugged, and while Jake knew she did care somewhat, she definitely cared less about this entire conflict than most others.

Turning to Bobby for answers instead, the man sighed. “Where do you want me to begin? I’m sometimes amazed how much can happen in a week… either way, a quick overview is that the Order is getting openly fucked in the rest of the multiverse while your alliance is getting subtly fucked in the Milky Way Galaxy, though things have improved recently. In other words, everything is kind of going as expected, perhaps even a bit better than we thought. From what I do know, our core is holding strong, and that Kindroth pal of yours has been doing some solid work spreading a new narrative alongside the one echoed by the Verdant Witch.”

The tale has been stolen; if detected on Amazon, report the violation.

“Oh?” Jake asked, not having expected Miranda to bring the elf into the scheming this early, but it sounded like she had. “Elaborate?”

“Well, a lot of people were worried about what would happen if the Malefic Viper did end up falling to Yip of Yore, expecting your alliance to fall apart entirely. You see, to the average World Leader, they truly have no insight into who is superior, so to them, this is a fifty-fifty kind of conflict. However, seeing as Yip of Yore also has the Holy Church with him, he seems like a far safer bet because if Yip falls, he’s still gonna have them. In other words, they believe there are more potential outcomes where you come out looking weaker. This Kindroth – or Voice of the One, as many also call him – is the source of another narrative. He’s been really leaning into the fact you are now working with Valhal and he’s actively leveraging our power and history. And while Yip of Yore, the Holy Church, and many other factions have great reputations, none of them can measure up to Valhal’s,” Bobby said with a high sense of pride.

Jake knew he exaggerated, being a member of Valhal and all, and it was only natural to talk up your own faction and to have bought into the propaganda that your faction was the best faction. However, that didn’t mean there wasn’t some element of truth to what he was saying.

Valhal was a rather unique faction in the multiverse in the sense that they didn’t really have any enemies. Even other factions who claimed to be neutral tended to have some who called them enemies, or they had allies who made others view them unfavorably. Even a faction like the Patheon of Life, led by Yggdrasil, had its fair share of enemies, including a less-than-stellar relationship with the Risen due to the opposition of life and death. Meanwhile, the Altmar Empire had always worked closely with the Risen, making a few side-eye them.

No one dared side-eye Valhal. You didn’t want to call them an enemy, as they were more likely than not going to see that as a challenge and take you up on having a fight – something no faction in the multiverse had confidence in winning. In the same vein, Valhal didn’t recognize any faction as their allies either. They were far too focused on individuals to designate entire factions as allies but would instead have “friends of Valhal” amongst all kinds of factions spread throughout the multiverse. They didn’t care what faction these people came from, just that they were recognized as warriors worthy of being friends.

So, if Valhal declared they would fight by Jake’s side – emphasis on fight – it changed the entire dynamic of what would happen should the Viper fall. No longer would Jake be in a weak position, but potentially one even stronger than the one he had as the Chosen of the Malefic Viper. The Holy Church would be apprehensive about the Milky Way Galaxy, and even the daring Yip of Yore would take a step back. While the up-and-coming god believed he could slay the Malefic Viper, he didn’t seem to be under any illusion he had a chance against Valdemar, and getting into a fight with Jake, who was someone Valdemar personally valued and would be a member of Valhal at that point would be a massive risk.

Even if Valhal right now had a very weak presence in the Milky Way Galaxy, the moment the universe opened up properly, they would gladly send in armies to retake it in case other factions had claimed it, all using the excuse of reclaiming Jake’s homeworld – at least that’s what Kindroth kept saying. Seeing as how Valdemar had cared a lot about reclaiming the planet he hailed from himself… yeah, many believed it.

From how Bobby described it, Kindroth was really leaning into the massive unknown that was Valhal and the role they would play, proposing several probable scenarios, making many of those who were wavering calm down. Bobby wouldn’t go as far as to say that the elf had stabilized the internal turmoil in Jake’s alliance, but at least he made many take a wait-and-see approach when they began to believe that siding with Jake wasn’t as risky as it initially seemed.

Of course, no matter who you asked, shit looked bad for the Malefic Viper and his faction as a whole. Especially when Bobby described how gods had now gotten involved in the conflict. For gods to die in conflicts was relatively rare, but it certainly did happen. As for a war of gods, that had only happened very scarcely throughout the history of the multiverse. More often than not, when gods got involved in a huge conflict, they fought through duels, ambushes, plots to isolate certain gods, and pretty much any other approach that didn’t include just throwing gods at one another on a huge battlefield. Gods were immortal existences and extremely valuable assets, so no matter the faction, they wanted to minimize losses.

Even when gods did fight, it more often than not ended with the losing party escaping to their Divine Realm, and once there, chasing them wasn’t really an option unless their opponent was overwhelmingly stronger. And if they were overwhelmingly stronger, why would they even allow them to escape in the first place?

Knowing this already, it came as a shock when Bobby said there had already been casualties among gods in the conflict so far. It was only three, with two dying on the side of the Order of the Malefic Viper, and one from Yip of Yore’s faction, but the simple fact any god had died was proof of just how much this conflict had escalated.

“Do you have any idea how much longer the Order has before they are fully pushed into a corner?” Jake asked.

“Hard to tell,” Bobby shook his head. “Yip of Yore is acting fast but ensuring he’s not recklessly rushing. He’s slowly building his achievements by proving himself completely dominant, even as a leader. I communed with Gudrun yesterday, and it appears he is using this opportunity to build himself a loyal faction of his own. A new Pantheon of younger gods, with the promise of creating a faction capable of standing up to the old guard.”

Jake slowly nodded as he remembered Villy mentioning something about that a while ago. On a side note, it seriously sucked Jake couldn’t contact his friend before all this was over due to the barriers covering Valhal’s planet, making it immediately trackable if he did. Being able to confirm Jake hadn’t fucked anything up while stumbling around trying to be schemer would be great… but oh well.

“Gudrun also believes Yip of Yore is taking his time to give the members and allies of the Order a chance,” Bobby said. “As you know, the Academy of the Malefic Viper is an institution that has members from far more factions than merely the Order itself, and it was one of the things that never lost its prestige or reputation even during all the eras the Malefic Viper was gone. Yip of Yore likely doesn’t wish to see it destroyed, much less target the ones within this Academy, so he is giving them a chance to evacuate their members or perhaps choose sides entirely.”

This was another thing Jake had kind of forgotten to even consider. In the Academy, Jake had met people from the Dragonflights, Risen, Altmar Empire, Endless Empire, and so many other peak factions of the multiverse. Attacking such an institution directly would create a lot of trouble for Yip of Yore for sure. Meanwhile, if he managed to take it over while not damaging it too much, it would earn him a lot of prestige. Of course, for him to take it over, he would effectively need the people in charge to betray the Viper, which Jake had a hard time seeing. However, he wouldn’t count out any possibilities.

“Do you think Yip will succeed in taking it over?” Jake asked, concerned.

“I don’t think he’ll try, at least not directly. He more than likely just hopes that with the death of the Viper, the leadership shall either defect or flee, leaving it ripe for the taking,” Bobby sighed. “And that I can see happening. If memory serves me right, many of the administrative staff of both the Order and the Academy are demons who primarily work for them due to contracts, and if these contracts are broken – and I’m sure they have a clause in there saying if the Viper dies all contracts are void – they will certainly be amenable to signing a new deal with whatever faction takes over.”

Jake took his words in as he considered how many factors he still hadn’t thought about during this massive conflict… which was also when another question popped up in his head. One he should probably have asked himself far earlier.

How are Meira, Scarlett, Irin, and all the others back in the Academy and Order dealing with all this?




***
Chapter 1006: Importance of Trust


***






It shouldn’t have to be said, but Jake’s friends and allies back in the Order of the Malefic Viper were having quite the… experience. Meira, Irin, and Scarlett were all known for having a close relationship with the Chosen of the Malefic Viper, so with recent happenings, they were put in an awkward spot. People like Draskil, who had interacted with Jake quite a bit, were also being looked at weirdly. Even Helenstromoz and other members of her Dragonflight had people temporarily distance themselves from the Order due to the scrutiny they suffered.

No one dared to say anything directly about the Chosen of the Malefic Viper… but rumors were spreading like wildfire.

Either way, after Jake’s announcement he’d made together with Valhal, Meira, Scarlett, and Irin were all brought to Jake’s private residence by one of the enforcers of the Order. The place had special barriers placed by the Malefic Viper himself, making it one of the safest locations in the entire Order, and needless to say, none of them had any complaints about being put somewhere safe.

The mere fact they were brought there was cause for concern, though, even if it did seem like part of the reason was to hide them away without making it clear the Order was still officially protecting them. Fortunately, Meira’s master was also there helping calm their hearts… by teaching them fringe alchemical theory he thought they could all benefit from.

It didn’t really help.

“Teacher… can you tell us a bit more about what’s going on?” Meira interrupted the lesson on what kind of frog poisons were best to synthesize to create ointments to put on trees you didn’t want to be corroded when watered with or even grown in a bath of powerful acids.

Duskleaf seemed to understand that while the lesson was important, perhaps putting the minds of his students at peace would also be important as he spoke. “Yip of Yore is rapidly destroying the expansion and progress the Order has made over the last few years, and as of a little while ago, the conflict escalated to gods fighting with a few dying so far on both sides. Ah, but more on the side of the Order, so we’re definitely losing on that front.”

“That sounds… bad?” Scarlett asked in a slightly worried tone. Meira looked at her in agreement while nodding. She was happy Scarlett was there as the snake was far more honest and straightforward than herself, and she was especially more honest than Irin. Moreover, Scarlett didn’t seem that suppressed by her teacher despite him being a god, perhaps because she had been blessed by the Viper and had interacted with Lord Thayne a few times. It was definitely also a factor that her overwhelming faith and loyalty to the Malefic Viper made her view all other gods as lesser – even if that god was the Viper’s disciple.

“It does indeed sound bad,” Duskleaf agreed wholeheartedly before pausing for a moment. “Anyway, the best way to safely collect the poison excreting from the skin of the-“

“Can the Grand Elder share with us some of the contingency plans of the Order?” Irin asked respectfully. “Seeing as we will remain confined here till the end of the conflict without the ability to communicate with others without your permission, it would bring us comfort to be aware, and we wouldn’t be able to leak any secrets even if shared with us.”

Duskleaf looked at them for a brief moment. “Thinking about such things will not benefit you in any way whatsoever. What’s going on is far beyond the scope of what a few mortals like you should get involved in. It’s far better for you to focus on improving yourselves rather than worry about a reality you have no impact on.”

“But… just knowing if-“ Irin tried as Duskleaf cut her off by raising his hand.

“Fine. Was it contingency plans you asked about? Contingency plans for what exactly?” Duskleaf asked with a sigh.

“If… should the unthinkable happen… should the Malefic One fall… what will the Order do?”

Duskleaf stared at her for several seconds before turning around and summoning a projection of an odd-looking tree, acting as if he hadn’t just been asked something. “As I said before, certain trees grow better in very acidic environments that don’t seem capable of producing any life in the first place, and while the roots can handle the exposure, the bark will often weaken, so you will need to-“

Meira looked at her teacher as he kept talking about alchemy after completely ignoring Irin’s questioning gaze. He didn’t give any answer, yes, but that in itself felt like an answer. She’d known her teacher for a good while and noticed one of his tendencies when he didn’t know the answer to something – and couldn’t find the answer through study - was to simply ignore the question and change the subject. He would then come back triumphantly if he did discover the answer, but Meira had the feeling this wouldn’t be one of those times.

For him to only talk about alchemy, especially with two of those there not overly interested in what he was talking about… Meira saw it as him just trying to avoid talking about the massive Yip of Yore problem in the room. All to avoid stating the obvious:

Duskleaf didn’t know what was going on, and he didn’t like not knowing.

The Lord Protector floated within the empty space, just over four hundred other figures behind him appearing as dark figures, nearly blending into the void. Every single one of them gave off the auras of gods, and every one of them were waiting with bated breath for the Boundless Hydra to speak after they’d said their own piece.

Once more, they had come seeking answers… and once more, the Lord Protector had none.

“Keep up with current tasks and continue to focus on the retreat while trying to limit skirmishes,” he spoke, his voice echoing through the void. “Bring everyone back to Primordial-4 and prepare.”

The many Hidden Ones – old allies of the Malefic Viper – were silent as they heard the order, many of them showing clear doubt. The last time they met, only a few days ago, there had been nine more gods than today. Two had died, yes, but the other seven had left. The Lord Protector noted which ones as he continued by offering some words of encouragement, as he truly had nothing else to offer.

“Do not waver. Do what you’ve done for so many eras already: trust the Malefic One.”

“My lord,” one of the gods spoke. A high-tier god who stood amongst the more powerful present. “May I know if the Boundless Hydra will take any direct actions? With your support, we should be able to-“

The story has been taken without consent; if you see it on Amazon, report the incident.

“I am the Lord Protector,” the Lord Protector simply answered, waving off the idea. “My task is to protect the heart of the Order. As long as it remains, we shall remain. Your job right now is to protect the members of the Order as best you can as they retreat while not losing ground too quickly. Avoid needless fights, yes, but do not be cowards. We are still the Order of the Malefic Viper.”

Most of the figures simply nodded, while a few were clearly wavering. They’d already reported everything, and the Lord Protector waved his hand as there was nothing more to say that day. “I repeat, just continue as you are, and stop worrying about the losses of the day, as they are naught but building blocks for the future. You may bleed, yes, but that blood shall become the nutrients of the Order’s growth once we’ve overcome adversity, and your sacrifices and loyalty shall be rewarded. Now go, carry out the will of the Malefic One, and leave your useless doubt behind in the void.”

The gods present acknowledged his words and began disappearing one by one. He knew that the next time they met, there would be fewer than today as doubt overpowered their loyalty to the Malefic Viper. The gods kept fading away until only one more remained. The dark figure eventually floated over as Duskleaf – in his real body, not the plant avatar with the friends of the Viper’s Chosen – went to stand next to the Lord Protector.

“You heard anything from Master?” Duskleaf asked with a sigh, already knowing the answer.

“Nothing,” the Lord Protector shook his head. “Not since he went into isolation, and his divine realm remains closed off.”

“Do you think Master might choose to remain in there again for a prolonged period?” Duskleaf asked with concern. He’d spent several eras just hiding away once and had only been back for a few years… so many had questioned if he had perhaps simply returned to what many had come to see as the status quo.

“No,” the Boundless Hydra shook his head. “He is simply acting according to his true nature, in wait for the right moment to strike at his foe’s neck. However, only when the time is right, so we need to have patience.”

There was simply no world the Lord Protector could see where the Malefic Viper would not show himself when Yip of Yore came knocking. Even if it was risky, it was clear that the Order would fall entirely if the Malefic One didn’t show up to defend it even when directly challenged, as while the Lord Protector was confident in his own power, he knew a figure like Yip of Yore was not someone he had confidence in beating. This was not even mentioning the possibility of other powerful allies Yip of Yore could bring along, as he’d been working with both Valhal and Eversmile. If another Primordial came, only a Primordial could stand up to them.

The Malefic Viper would show and take on the challenge. He didn’t doubt it.

Yet he did understand why Duskleaf could harbor doubt in his heart. Duskleaf was no fighter and would always take the safest approach, and it was by far the safest for their master to simply remain in his Divine Realm while ignoring Yip of Yore entirely. While Yip perhaps had confidence in challenging the Malefic Viper, he also knew he wouldn’t stand a chance if the fight took place within the Viper’s Divine Realm. If it was Duskleaf being challenged like this, he would likely just take everyone he cared about and all the experiments he could bring and stash them in his Divine Realm while just waiting out any problems. The Malefic One wasn’t like that, though.

He had a plan, and the Lord Protector had faith in him. The Boundless Hydra wasn’t fully confident, though, because there was a factor in this thing he wasn’t sure about at all. An unknown element that he’d always been skeptical of.

The two were silent for a moment before the Lord Protector spoke again. “I trust in Master, more than anyone… but I do not have the same feelings toward his Chosen. If he has truly betrayed Master-“

“He hasn’t,” Duskleaf shook his head. “Of that, I’m sure. He’s simply not the person to do something like that.”

“I know his kind, and I watched the recording of when he defeated my image within the trial dungeon. I saw how he did it and felt the Records of Humanity and Valdemar, and I saw how he reveled in battle more than in any other situation. If he had not met Master, he would, without a doubt, be part of Valhal now, and they know it. He knows it. You also know that he is not like us. From the very beginning, he has never shown true faith toward our Master, so if Valhal and Valdemar himself give him an offer too good to refuse… he may just join his own kind to fight alongside those who share his race and spirit,” the Lord Protector said in a severe tone.

Duskleaf was quiet for a few moments before speaking as he looked to where all the Hidden Ones had disappeared from. “You told us all to have trust and believe in the Malefic One. To leave our doubt behind. Like it or not, but Master believes in his Chosen. We should do the same and continue moving forward according to the final orders he gave before sealing off his divine realm. Even if you do not trust the Chosen, trust in the Malefic Viper’s judgment.”

The Lord Protector wanted to argue but truly couldn’t. He just clenched his fists. “I hope you are right.”

Perhaps their master had placed his faith correctly, and his Chosen was right now working hard to ensure their eventual victory. Who knows, maybe he was the one working the hardest of them all, being forced to act like an ally of Valhal despite his true feelings… if that was the truth, the Lord Protector would only have to apologize and recognize the efforts and sacrifice of his master’s Chosen as he struggled on his lonesome, surrounded by potential enemies on all sides.

“Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug!” the crowd yelled as the two men were each emptying an entire barrel nearly the size of their own bodies, swallowing enough liquids to kill several people before the system, with adequate alcohol to get half a college dorm drunk.

One of them fell over backward before his barrel was empty, spilling mead all over himself. He tried to stand up but stumbled, unable to move properly, though he seemed in a more than cheery mood nonetheless. Meanwhile, the other one finished and slammed the entire barrel into the ground, cracking it in the process.

The entire crowd roared as Jake lifted his hands in victory while staring down at the unfortunate warrior of Valhal who had dared challenge him. Was he kind of cheating with Palate of the Malefic Viper? Fuck yeah, but it was their own fault for having such weak alcohol they couldn’t even get past the legendary skill.

“Should’ve known better,” Jake said with a smile as he offered the fallen warrior a hand.

The man took it and stumbled to his feet as he said something that sounded a bit like “I nearly totally had you,” but his words were so slurred they were intelligible. Jake just shook his head and smiled.

“Sure ya did, pal, sure ya did,” he said, patting the way on the shoulder as he reveled in the spirit of the bar he’d made a mess not that long ago. He’d been told the place had been fully repaired not even a day after he broke quite a bit of it last time and that during his time analyzing the magic circle, at least three more exterior walls had been broken during fights. Maybe four, people weren’t sure as they were all too drunk to remember.

Jake’s original plan of just hiding away and sticking to alchemy during his stay at Valhal hadn’t lasted very long as Carmen came and dragged him to a bar after only a few days for him to “better sell the idea he was fully becoming a member of Valhal.”

In truth, she just wanted to try and get him drunk, but could Jake really argue with her logic? Well, he could have, but that would mean less alcohol. Sadly for Carmen, the alcohol the brewers of Valhal were able to create simply wasn’t capable of getting Jake properly drunk, but that didn’t mean he couldn’t enjoy the taste and experience. It could also get him a bit tipsy, which helped a lot with the awkwardness of hanging out with a bunch of obviously drunk people.

To clarify, while Jake did have some fun experiencing the culture of Valhal, he was also working. After he went back from the bar that day, he walked to the residence he’d been given, including the giant glass bubble set up for him to do alchemy. He quickly cleansed himself of the remaining alcohol affecting his mind as he entered the bubble and prepared to get to work.

Even if just waiting around sucked, that didn’t mean he couldn’t get some alchemy done in the meantime and perhaps even get a level or two under his belt. Besides, wouldn’t it be rude not to make use of all the potent ingredients Valhal had so graciously made available to him?




***
Chapter 1007: Valhal Alchemy Intermission


***






Sometimes, it was good to take a little break to take your mind off things and just chill. And Jake’s ultimate method of taking his mind off things was to really dive into doing some alchemy… so that was precisely what he did. Plus, being at Valhal, this was a great opportunity.

Different factions all had varying methodologies for their Professions and crafting in general. Their Legacies were based on prior heroes of the faction and what they passed down to the next generation through knowledge in the form of books, recipes, and still-living teachers, but also – and perhaps far more importantly – Records and skills.

The Order of the Malefic Viper was a good example of this. The Order was filled with alchemists because the Malefic Viper had been hailed as the greatest alchemist in the multiverse when it came to making poisons and certain branches of transmutation. The Records of the Viper was naturally passed down to the next generation, who often relied on skills granted by the Legacy, such as Palate of the Malefic Viper, and any research they conducted ended up with certain assumptions and lack of exploration in certain areas. The easiest example of this was how the Order didn’t really have any methods to lessen the expulsion of toxic fumes during crafting, but instead even had ways to amplify it, as to them, these fumes just helped better understand what one was crafting. There were countless more examples, but it all boiled down to the same thing: how Legacies colored one’s thought process and approach to something.

Valhal was the same. They had a lot of brewers because of Valdemar and his love of alcohol, and culturally, it was viewed as one of the “cool” professions to have. Valhal also had a lot more cooks than organizations like the Order or nearly any other faction, as they naturally needed good food with the booze. With how much they broke stuff, those focused on construction were also a must, and none of this mentioned their many special professions, such as the one Carmen had that revolved around making effigies and offerings to the warriors of old.

However, in the same vein that the Order also had builders, cooks, smiths, and all other professions, Valhal also had their fair share of alchemists. Alchemists who had built knowledge over dozens of eras and developed their own approaches to the profession. They didn’t have Palate; thus no natural poison resistance, and Valhal also didn’t really do poisons in the first place.

Neither did they do much transmutation, acids, classical formations, or much of what Jake had learned a lot about. Instead, they focused on the far more classical alchemical creations: potions, flasks, and elixirs. To Valhal, potions were perhaps the most important as they were supportive tools to help you last longer in a fight or to boost yourself before it. Elixirs were pretty much mandatory for one to fill up those extra potential stat points one could get, though there were many other ways to get those permanent bonuses than alchemy. Shit, on Valhal’s planet in the Milky Way Galaxy, they had what Jake could only describe as a large gym filled with odd formations and training machines with the ability to permanently increase stats the same way as elixirs.

Anyway, the point was, while Valhal was far worse at alchemy in general than a place such as the Order of the Malefic Viper, they did have a different perspective and methodology on how to best use the profession. Having been told several times to broaden his horizons more to get new inspiration, Jake decided to take his time in Valhal to truly experience their alchemy.

With the help of Bobby, Jake got access to a lot of otherwise confidential material and, with a bit of pressure from Carmen, the ingredients he would need to do his experimentation. Jake had considered how to spend his time at Valhal the best and only really boiled it down to two options of what to focus on:

Potions or flasks.

Flasks were… tempting, if for no other reason than to try something new. Jake had never really learned how to make them, primarily because he didn’t really feel a need to. Flasks had the ability to grant temporary buffs, but the problem with them was that these buffs pretty much always replaced or were overwritten by boosting skills. Jake could, in theory, make a flask that increased all his stats by 20%, but what the hell would that help when Arcane Awakening did it better?

Not to say they were useless, far from it.

Firstly, they were supremely useful for people who didn’t have a proper boosting skill. While Jake kind of took it for granted as every one of his pals had one, they were far from universal. Boosting skills also came with a high risk as they effectively put you on a timer when used in nearly all cases, and overstraining the body for too long could be very unhealthy. Flasks did tend to be more gentle and perhaps more importantly, did not always make you consume more resources for the temporary power increase.

Secondly, they could be far more specialized. Jake had a boosting skill that increased all his stats, in part because he used all of them while fighting due to his style. However, others had more specialized ones. Carmen’s boosting skill increased her melee combat power by boosting her physical stats, but it naturally didn’t give her more Wisdom or Intelligence. While it probably wasn’t relevant to her, having a flask in a situation where boosting one of the skills her normal boosting skill didn’t affect could be incredibly useful.

Their third major use was in a form Jake hadn’t ever encountered, though he had read about it. Valhal had some books that spoke about it, though. It was a form of flask Valhal called “Berserker’s Boon,” and while It definitely had another name in other places, they tended to have the same effect:

Allowing you to overdraft on your own potential without the same massive risk of blowing yourself up afterward… something that did tend to be quite the negative for people who weren’t like Jake and had insane energy control.

Anyway, Berserker’s Boons were liquid versions of Jake bringing his boosting skill above the safe limit, where it would begin to actively destroy his own body. These flasks that Valhal made were a bit different, though. They leaned into the concept of equivalent exchange, where one could trade one thing for another in order to gain more power with less cost. As the name Berserker’s Boon indicated, it was a potion that also used the concept of Berserkers and effectively allowed any warrior who consumed it to turn into one… at the cost of also having the mind of a Berserker.

Jake had read about this kind of flask and after asking Bobby, gone to an alchemy lab where people from Valhal worked. There, he met the best alchemist Valhal had in the entire Milky Way Galaxy, who gladly showed off her magnum opus to Jake:

[Berserker’s Boon (Ancient)] – A flask created by an extremely talented alchemist from Valhal. Allows the user to temporarily enter a Berserker’s Rage, increasing all physical stats while lowering mental ones. +50% Strength, Agility, Toughness, Endurance, and Vitality. The effectiveness of Intelligence, Wisdom, and Perception is significantly decreased. All mental faculties are additionally reduced. During Berserker’s Rage, natural regeneration is significantly improved the lower the user’s health is, all pain is ignored, and the user can keep moving for a short period of time even if Health Points reach 0. This flask lasts for a maximum duration of thirty (30) minutes. Duration is reduced based on the actions of the consumer. After expiration, the user may suffer significant backlash that could prove fatal, dependent on the user’s health points.

Jake inspected the flask with interest as he scratched his chin. “Pretty good… but not sure how useful it is and if the tradeoff is worth the extra stats provided. Not being in your right mind can easily prove fatal to a warrior, and with the bonus being what it is…”

Stolen from its original source, this story is not meant to be on Amazon; report any sightings.

The alchemist who’d made it clearly took offense as she crossed her arms. “You say a 50% increase in stats isn’t worth it? It makes any warrior who consumes it become a powerhouse instantly, and sure, they might not act the smartest during it, but with the pain immunity and increased regeneration, taking one down won’t be easy at all.”

“Don’t get me wrong, I’m not saying it’s bad, just not sure about the actual use case,” Jake tried to clarify. “Seeing as it’s ancient rarity, I doubt they are cheap or easy to make, so it’s not like you can give these to every warrior and turn them all into powerhouses, right?”

“Naturally not,” the alchemist answered, motioning Jake to proceed and get to his point.

“So the ones who would usually use something like this are already pretty damn strong in the first place to be worth the investment… which means they likely already have a boosting skill able to compete with it. One I doubt has the same drawbacks,” Jake laid out his argument.

The alchemist stared at Jake for a moment, genuinely confused. “What in the nine hells are you talking about? This is a 50% increase. 5 and 0.”

That’s when Jake was once more reminded he had an overpowered boosting skill, and that he could take a far higher level of stat increase than the regular person. As he used his own arcane affinity for his boosting skill, he naturally had a high level of resistance to it. His arcane affinity also just seemed fit for boosting him in the first place. Finally, Arcane Supremacy had only made the boosting skill even better.

Still, even with all that, Jake could only boost all his stats by 60% for a pretty limited amount of time, and even then, he would be taking damage throughout. He could boost his offensive or defensive skills by 50% without any real backlash, so his boosting skill was definitely better than this flask, but it wasn’t actually that far off.

This was what ultimately led Jake to not use his time trying to study flasks more deeply, though he did find it useful to learn more about them. Alas, he wouldn’t be able to make anything that could actually help him compared to his boosting skills, and he was a selfish bastard who didn’t want to spend a long time learning how to craft something he would never personally be able to benefit from. And, again, all his friends already had banger boosting skills, so they didn’t need it either. Oh, and if they didn’t have a great boosting skill… well, that was literally just a skill issue and something for them to fix themselves.

After apologizing to the alchemist and encouraging her to keep working hard on her berserk flasks, Jake went to visit some other alchemist to study something that would definitely help him as he chugged those down more often than an overworked salary worker consumed coffee: potions.

To be clear, Jake was already really fucking good at making potions. He could make better ones than any of the alchemists at Valhal, though that was in part due to his far superior stats compared to everyone else. Higher stats just made crafting easier, thus allowing one to faster improve one’s technique, and stats also just helped add to the final product, making Jake overpowered just from that alone. Coupled with his skills in crafting potions… yeah, he was pretty damn good, and one would be hard-pressed to find other alchemists at his level capable of crafting equally as good potions. They could still be more skilled than him, though it was hard to determine.

That didn’t mean he didn’t have room for improvement. And while flasks only ended up being a novelty, Jake definitely had something to learn when it came to making potions. While Jake wouldn’t say Valhal had a better Legacy when it came to making potions compared to the Order of the Malefic Viper, they weren’t that far off. Only when it came to potions restoring stamina and health, though. Their methodology for making mana potions was the most basic of basic, with their primary approach to “just buy some if you really need it.”

Either way, during Nevermore, Jake had continually improved his Brew Potion skill and gotten it to uncommon rarity when he crafted his first potion capable of restoring over 100,000 mana. However, even now, he still wasn’t able to make a health potion capable of restoring the same amount… which probably shouldn’t be that surprising, considering he still only had a bit over 200,000 health points total. Meanwhile, he had around 220,000 stamina and nearly 450,000 mana.

Jake being able to craft a potion capable of restoring 100,000 of any resource was already damn impressive, and many viewed it as a goal of C-grade to upgrade the Brew Potion skill – a goal many didn’t meet. Jake wasn’t satisfied with just making the easiest mana potion but also wanted to make uncommon health potions, and he wasn’t super far off.

One had to remember Jake was helped along by making Arcane Mana Potions and Malefic Health Potions, both specifically suited to him and him alone. These potions did have the massive drawback of not being usable by other people, but again, Jake was a selfish bastard. It wasn’t like he couldn’t make the regular kind for others either – something his entire Nevermore party who he’d been consistently providing potions for during their decades there, would gladly attest to.

Meeting the alchemists who specialized in potions, Jake expected to see their methods of crafting health and stamina potions, but instead, he saw something else… because they weren’t making a lot of those. Instead, they made what Jake first suspected to be rejuvenation potions, which confused him as they didn’t need mana, so why would they make a potion capable of restoring all resources?

However, after seeing the final product, Jake understood. They were making a potion assumed would be possible but had never really come across. One that did restore multiple resources at once but focused only on the physical side of things.

[Body Potion (Common)] – Restores 21,222 health and 16,051 stamina when consumed.

The potion itself looked brownish-yellow, being a mix between the green from stamina and red from health potions. Being able to make mixed potions like this in the first place really wasn’t that surprising, but what did surprise Jake was the efficiency. Rejuvenation potions were known for restoring more resources in total than if you consumed individual potions, but it wasn’t that much more. However, when Jake spoke to the alchemists who mass-produced potions for Valhal, he learned that these Body Potions tended to restore between seventy to eighty percent in a resource of what regular potions would have restored to it. In other words, if one just counted the total resources restored, these potions tended to restore fifty or so percent more.

Instantly, Jake’s interest was piqued. Due to Jake’s insanely high mana pool, he often ended up having to pick between stamina and health potions while out hunting, so being able to consume one that did both things at once would be awesome. Moreover, with how much they restored, Jake instantly saw potential in making an uncommon rarity version. As long as the combined restored resources were above a hundred thousand, the final product should be uncommon.

Overcoming that barrier and making more uncommon potions was big, not just because it was useful, but it was also damn good for levels. Potions had always been a bit weird with how they upgraded, so every time one managed to do a jump in rarity, it came with a lot of Records and experience for the first crafts.

Of course, with only a few different kinds of potions available, Jake wasn’t going to have a lot of experience to farm… that’s until he was introduced to another product.

Jake had known about regeneration potions for a long time but never bothered with them. They were mostly made for people to recover after fights and not during a fight and tended to just give a percentage increase, which synergized well with meditation skills and whatnot that also sped up recovery.

What Valhal showed to him wasn’t that, but something he instantly saw massive potential in… something called a Restoration Potion.

[Body Restoration Potion (Common] – Restores 17,315 health and 14,972 stamina. Increases health and stamina regeneration significantly for the next sixty (60) minutes, or until an additional 17,315 health and 14,972 stamina has been restored.

Less immediate regeneration than the regular version but more restored over an hour. Considering the cooldown of potions was also an hour… these were just pure efficiency. Now, the extra regeneration only counted for half toward the uncommon rarity upgrade requirement – meaning it had to restore 150,000 total at a minimum – but that didn’t seem impossible at all… especially not if he found a way to combine these new kinds of potions with his unique modifiers. Turning them Malefic should be possible as that mainly relied on his blood, right?

It definitely should be… and if it was, it meant he had a lot of new kinds of potions to craft at uncommon rarity, which meant a lot of potential experience to earn while he had to wait for Yip of Yore to stop stalling and finally get his shit together and fight Villy. Alas, no matter what, Jake being at a higher level when that time came would only be better, so for now, it was time for a slight Valhal alchemy intermission.




***
Chapter 1008: Extreme Progress...


***






Man, it felt like so long ago since Jake really dove into a field of alchemy that had nothing to do with poisons or curses. It was almost foreign that none of the energies he handled contained any harmful elements but that everything was just… nice.

Sure, the ingredients didn’t always agree with him, but the entire crafting process wasn’t one that could result in a large explosion capable of spreading a toxic cloud capable of killing a few nearby towns. Valhal had clearly expected Jake to be doing poison crafting, though, based on the lab they had assigned to him. It was within the classic large glass bubble that was effectively just a big bottle.

Actually, thinking about it, this was perhaps the most used clever use of system mechanics in the multiverse. It made use of the fact that the system allowed one to quite easily create bottles capable of storing pretty much any liquid or gas created using alchemy. One could make a poison so powerful that a single drop could turn a planet into a wasteland, and yet a simple bottle made by a common E-grade would be able to contain it without any problems. Of course, any normal person would put it in more secure storage than just its glass bottle, but the mere fact that the bottle could handle it was ridiculous.

The fact that the bottles were a borderline cheat when it came to containing poisons was then used to just make bigger bottles. House-sized potions and poison bottles with entire laboratories within. Jake had one in the Order, one on Earth, and now one here. Making these special laboratories was such basic knowledge that even Hank back on Earth knew about it – or one of the people he worked with had known – way back when the lab was made.

As Jake worked within the laboratory, he thought about other common exploits that had just become normal and were used daily. It was possible some had become so darn common that people didn’t even know it made use of what was effectively an exploit in the system.

Then again… was it really an exploit? If it was, couldn’t the system just shut it down any time it wanted? Based on everything Villy had said, the system was effectively omnipotent. It actively chose not to interfere in some matters, not because it couldn’t, but because it had decided to designate that thing as “outside the system.” It was that or something just being the way it was due to system-fuckery.

So maybe the big bubble laboratories had always been an intended system feature? Or was it just like those bugs in games before the system that the playerbase ended up finding fun to use, only to then see them turn into official features?

It would be funny if that were the case… but just before Jake’s mind wandered to the glorious history of bunny-hopping, his current brew was finished, drawing him fully back to the present. With a smile, he looked at the yellow-brownish liquid in the cauldron and, after bottling it up, used Identify.

[Body Potion (Common)] – Restores 41,222 health and 25,051 stamina when consumed.

Okay, the result was kind of shit, and he could get more resources from just creating a regular Malefic Health Potion, but he still wasn’t that sad about the outcome. It was better than the last batch by a fair margin, and he was still using pretty low-quality ingredients to make the crafting process easier.

Better ingredients naturally meant one could make a better product, but the reason the ingredients were better in the first place was because they contained more energy and energy of higher purity and potency. This made them harder to deal with without fucking up, and while Jake would gladly be selfishly reckless with the Order’s ingredient storage back in the first universe, that wasn’t really an option here.

Even if Valhal wanted Jake to take the best they had, they didn’t have that big of stock in the first place, as they couldn’t get stuff from other universes but only had what they could gather themselves. So, Jake decided to save some of the better stuff for when he got better at making these potions to go for that uncommon rarity push.

He also needed to add one more important aspect: making the potion truly his own. He considered if he could modify using either his arcane affinity or by attuning it to his own blood and adding the Malefic tag, and after very little consideration, he settled on the latter. The potion already restored health, so it was the most obvious choice in the first place. It didn’t really synergize with the stamina portion of the potion, though, but Jake saw that as a sacrifice he was willing to make, even if it would throw the balance off a little. He often needed more health points than stamina anyway, primarily because he had so much mana and that many of his skills used both mana and stamina at the same time, giving him a lot more longevity in fights compared to someone using purely one of the resources.

Anyhow, Jake crafted a few more mixtures of the regular Body Potion after that before he switched gears and tried experimenting by mixing in his blood and attuning the potions to his own body. From there, he tried many different things, with the mixture failing every time as he couldn’t quite get the balance right. He’d only learned about Body Potions ten days earlier, so it was natural he still wasn’t that good at making them. Alas, it wasn’t like they were ultimately that hard, and after only three days, he found the right equilibrium and got a successful craft.

You have successfully crafted [Malefic Body Potion (Common)] – A new kind of creation has been made. Bonus experience earned

’DING!’ Profession: [Heretic-Chosen Alchemist of the Malefic Viper] has reached level 281 - Stat points allocated, +35 Free Points

Jake smiled at his success as well as the gained level. It was frankly a bit overdue, and it had been way too long since he’d made some real progress due to all the damn soul damage and whatnot. Now that he was picking up steam again, though, he had a feeling he would begin to see a lot more progress.

The mixture itself had turned from its yellowish brown to a very deep red with a tinge of green in there, with the entire thing looking very toxic to consume. Nevertheless, Jake happily bottled it up and looked at his creation with a satisfied nod.

[Malefic Body Potion (Common)] – Restores 59,920 health and 27,711 stamina when consumed. Will cause damage to anyone besides the creator if consumed.

It was pretty damn good for a first try. His best Malefic Health Potions right now could restore just about 80,000 health,  which meant this potion was technically better purely numbers-wise. Sure, it gave quite a lot less health in exchange for the stamina, but overall, it was an improvement for sure. More than that, it proved the potential for Jake to soon get his very first uncommon potion that didn’t just restore mana.

Checking if he had any messages, Jake saw nothing important had happened in the wider multiverse yet, making him return to his alchemy as he began to mass-produce Malefic Body Potions with a focus on improving the process. He ended up failing about a third of all crafts, primarily because he tried something new that didn’t work. When it did work, he saw quick leaps in progress, though, and as the hours turned to days, the progress was slow and steady.

What else was slow and steady was the depletion of high-value ingredients offered to him, and if he had more shame, Jake would probably have felt guilty for robbing them, but he was too busy crafting to worry about stuff like that. Plus, it wasn’t as if Valhal didn’t benefit as he, at times, had other alchemists come and talk to Jake as they were also curious about the different methodologies of alchemy within the Order of the Malefic Viper.

This tale has been unlawfully lifted without the author's consent. Report any appearances on Amazon.

As the days passed, Jake also really began to feel the benefits of his improvement in mana control from practicing so much with the Puzzle Box of the Seeker, as it allowed him to pick up on any flaws far more quickly than usual, something that astounded the other alchemists at Valhal.

Jake also had his massive Perception making him even better at learning new stuff, as he could detect the flaws in what he was doing and adjust on the fly far more effectively than pretty much anyone his level. Perception was an important stat for pretty much all crafting professions, after all, and Jake had a lot of Perception.

The overall difficulty of making these potions also still wasn’t that hard, perhaps because they had been designed to be made by Valhal alchemists, who didn’t really have any Legacy classes or professions that focused a lot on Perception or alchemy in the first place. This was at least why Jake guessed it didn’t even take him a week to have another major breakthrough.

You have successfully crafted [Malefic Body Potion (Uncommon)] – A new kind of creation has been made. Bonus experience earned

’DING!’ Profession: [Heretic-Chosen Alchemist of the Malefic Viper] has reached level 282 - Stat points allocated, +35 Free Points

’DING!’ Race: [Human (C)] has reached level 289 - Stat points allocated, +45 Free Points

Jake reveled in the feelings of even more levels as he checked out his newest creation.

[Malefic Body Potion (Uncommon)] – Restores 71,015 health and 29,631 stamina when consumed. Will cause damage to anyone besides the creator if consumed.

100,646. A number that the keen eye would observe was above 100,000, and thus in the realm of uncommon potions. Due to promises he’d made, he went to the other alchemists – who were also the ones who restocked him with ingredients – and showed off his newest creation. This was the first uncommon potion any of them had ever seen crafted by a native of the universe, and besides the Malefic tag excusing why it was so much better than what they could make, it was just like theirs, just better.

What the other alchemists cared about more than anything wasn’t Jake’s unique crafting methods or even that he made something better than them. That was only to be expected, as even if he was on his way to being a Usurper, he was still the Chosen of the Malefic Viper, and the fact he wanted to usurp the Path of the Malefic Viper was proof he genuinely cared about alchemy. No, what surprised them more than anything was his rate of improvement.

They had seen his first Malefic Body Potion and could now see how much better Jake had gotten in less than a week. One of them couldn’t help but question this as he looked at the uncommon potion like it was a mythical piece of equipment:

“What’s your secret to achieving such rapid improvement? How do you eliminate flaws in the crafting process and increase the efficiency so much in such a short amount of time?” the alchemist questioned.

“The key is high Perception,” Jake said teasingly. With his level-ups, he’d also gotten some extra potential stats to get from elixirs, which made him take out his Void Marble and give it a good lick while making sure five other alchemists saw him. “And, of course, a proper diet.”

After fucking with the poor alchemists, Jake went back to work immediately. Only occasionally did he get interrupted with updates on everything happening with the Yip of Yore conflict or what was going on back on Earth, but it appeared that their strategy for the Milky Way Galaxy had worked out well, as nothing much was really happening everywhere. Stuff had stabilized as everyone watched the first universe with bated breath as Yip of Yore and his alliance were closing in on Primordial-4 by the day and things only continued escalating.

Jake, like everyone else, could only continue waiting as he kept doing his alchemy, now working toward making Body Restoration Potions and, of course, Malefic Body Restoration Potions after that. This would net him not only new kinds of creations but it would also be his first time properly making any kind of regeneration-style potion at all. If he even managed to make an uncommon Malefic Restoration Potions, that would just make things even better.

Days turned to weeks as Jake was making far more progress than expected, and not just when it came to making potions. His experience gain was honestly extreme, and Jake was astonished at the effects of not having crafted for a while and making new stuff… at least, he assumed that was the reason why he gained so many levels.

Soon enough, over a month had passed and Jake had long succeeded in most of his goals. On the forty-eighth day since he made his first uncommon Malefic Body Potion, Jake succeeded in making a second kind of uncommon potion.

You have successfully crafted [Malefic Body Restoration Potion (Uncommon)] – A new kind of creation has been made. Bonus experience earned

It also happened to be Jake’s very first successful craft after he infused the regular Body Restoration potion with his blood, with the end result being far better than first expected.

[Malefic Body Restoration Potion (Uncommon] – Restores 61,099 health and 24,703 stamina. Increases health and stamina regeneration significantly for the next sixty (60) minutes, or until an additional 61,099 health and 24,702 stamina has been restored. Will cause damage to anyone besides the creator if consumed.

Jake hadn’t managed to make a regular Body Restoration Potion at uncommon rarity yet, though he was close. So, in that sense, it wasn’t surprising to see the Malefic version of the potion get over the threshold, but just how much better it ended up being did shock him.

It restored 171,604 resources in total. With how the formula worked, that meant the extra regeneration over the hour only counted half, this one landed at  128,603 resources restored according to the uncommon rarity upgrade requirement formula.

Seeing how good it was, Jake decided then and there that he would keep improving on these Malefic Body Restoration Potions. He was the kind of fighter who was okay with drawn-out combat if he failed to take his target down in the initial opening attack, especially with his Hunting Momentum and high Perception, allowing him to identify flaws in his opponent the longer the fight went on.

So, having a bit of delayed regeneration wouldn’t affect him much, and because of how potions worked, the extra health restored went straight to healing him quicker during the entire hour. Also, the wording was a bit ambiguous, but it didn’t actually take a full hour to restore the additional amount; it was just an upper ceiling for how much could be restored.

After testing the potions by drinking one, he also discovered something else very neat. The Malefic tag didn’t only make the potions better for Jake but also helped make them activate quicker to speed up healing after consuming one… and this turned out to also work with the delayed effect. The health portion of it, anyway.

Within not even ten minutes, he could consume the entire secondary health restoration effect if he was badly injured, nearly doubling the actual effect of the potion he was making. It was a result that surpassed all expectations… but it was nothing compared to the amount of levels he’d gotten. In one and a half months, Jake had earned so much experience it quite frankly felt unbelievable.

’DING!’ Profession: [Heretic-Chosen Alchemist of the Malefic Viper] has reached level 283 - Stat points allocated, +35 Free Points

…

’DING!’ Profession: [Heretic-Chosen Alchemist of the Malefic Viper] has reached level 288 - Stat points allocated, +35 Free Points

’DING!’ Race: [Human (C)] has reached level 290 - Stat points allocated, +45 Free Points

…

’DING!’ Race: [Human (C)] has reached level 292 - Stat points allocated, +45 Free Points

Jake had gained six whole levels in his profession. That was about a level a week, which was so extreme Jake considered if he should cripple his soul more often if this was the kind of progress one could make following it. Or maybe this was just the effect of learning a new crafting methodology? Either way, it was great.

With the uncommon Malefic Restoration Body Potion made, he naturally went to meet all the alchemists again to show off his creation. After showing it to them all and feeling quite good about himself, he walked back to his lab to continue crafting, hoping for some more levels.

However, before he could even begin to craft anything… he got a notification.

’DING!’ Profession: [Heretic-Chosen Alchemist of the Malefic Viper] has reached level 289 - Stat points allocated, +35 Free Points

Jake stared at it in confusion. He… hadn’t crafted anything? Why did he get a random level without crafting anything?

That’s when realization struck. Jake hadn’t been getting levels this fast because of all the new alchemy he’d been doing. Sure, it had helped… but the true reason was something entirely different, and as he stood there, contemplating if this could really all be because of the war between Yip and the Viper, a loud banging was heard from behind as Carmen rushed into his laboratory, and with a single sentence, Jake under understood…

“Yip has reached Primordial-4.”

… they were in the endgame now.




***
Chapter 1009: Dark Clouds Over Primordial-4


***






Jake ran through the city toward the same formation circle they’d used to communicate with Ell’Hakan. He knew the message would soon arrive, and on the way there, he got word that the other Chosen had been in contact while Carmen was on her way to fetch Jake.

It really was time… and Jake would be lying if he said he wasn’t nervous as fuck. Not just for if he did a good job, but if everything would work out.

Primordial-4 was the final stronghold of the Order of the Malefic Viper, and it was time for Jake to help land the final blow to the Viper’s reputation and fully exalt Yip of Yore as the hero and living legend he was… at least, that’s what it was supposed to look like. Yip of Yore would for sure roll with Jake’s words even if he performed terribly, welcoming the power boost.

Arriving at the mountain with the magic circle, Bobby was waiting there already, pacing back and forth making it evident he was as nervous as Jake. Jake saw that a few shamans were busy doing modifications to the circle for what was to come, giving Bobby some time to go over their plan once more the moment Jake and Carmen got to him.

“Alright, you’re here, good,” Bobby said with relief. “I have been in contact with Ell’Hakan and my Patron, and everything is ready on their end. You’ve probably noticed my fellow Valhal members at work, but don’t worry, they’ll be done shortly. The current modifications to the magic circle are to properly project you to the first universe using it but also to add a little something else. Before, it would entirely hide your aura and anything to do with it, but now, your aura should be on full display and even amplified on the other end of things. Identify should also work on you once you are projected. Naturally, other aspects, such as the volume of your voice, are also amplified so all can hear your words. I wouldn’t say I have stage fright… but admittedly, I would be pretty nervous if I had to stand on the stage you’re about to enter.”

Jake nodded, not really needing that last part to make him even more nervous. Alas, everything sounded like it was as it should be. “When do you think it’s go-time?”

“Once Gudrun initiates things on her end,” Bobby answered. “And that will be based on Yip of Yore and his actions. If nothing else, I’ll assume it will be at the most dramatic moment to get the greatest impact. A time where the highest number of influential figures are observing.”

Nodding once more, Jake took a deep breath. Spinning a story in front of Ell’Hakan had been hard enough, and now he had to do something similar in front of what was effectively the entire multiverse. At least for this one, he wouldn’t have to sell a lot of lies… in fact, the plan was to be nearly entirely truthful throughout, spreading the words of all the terrible things Villy had done to him while making it absolutely clear he held no faith toward the Viper.

It did feel a bit frightening to come out as a heretic in front of everyone, but he assumed the Viper had plans to handle the backlash once everything was over… of course, that also relied on the assumption that everything went according to plan.

“Just step in the circle once it’s done and simply wait to be called on,” Bobby said, taking a deep breath. “And prepare to launch a shockwave of an announcement across the multiverse with but a few words.”

Primordial-4. A planet that was simply given that name because it was a Great Planet in the first universe, the number holding no real meaning, as all Great Planets had been around from the very beginning of the system. The numbers were just there to distinguish them, with the name partly a homage to the Primordials and partly because Primordials tended to be in charge of the Great Planets in the first universe. At least they tended to control the majority of these individual planets, but with their sheer size, it was hard for a single faction to keep track of and rule everything.

Great Planets were simply so big it made no logical sense. Oceans the size of galaxies, deserts spanning tens if not hundreds of thousands of lightyears, mountains with more mass than the entire Milky Way Galaxy, trees taller than a dozen of Earth’s suns stacked atop one another… it was a scale not meant to be comprehended by mortal minds.

Because it was not a world made for mortals. It was a world made to be ruled by the gods. Somewhere where they could walk within the real universe, and with the appearance of god-level monsters – mostly mindless entities confined to certain areas and naturally spawned by the Great Planet – they were somewhere one could even see gods fight at times.

To really sell how impactful Great Planets were, barely any of their Planetary Cores had ever been turned into Planetary Pylons and claimed across the entire multiverse. It had happened, yes, but it was so rare only the real pinnacle factions had a chance to even attempt to claim one.

Primordial-4 was one such Great Planet that had an unclaimed Planetary Core. No one had been able to take it for all these eras, and for the longest time, it looked like no one ever would. The only ones who even had a chance to was the Order of the Malefic Viper, but they never made any moves, as quite frankly, they weren’t strong enough without their Primordial Leader to rule the entire Great Planet. Plus, the actual gains of claiming the Planetary Core weren’t that huge, and the investment required to do it would be utterly massive, enough to bankrupt all but a handful of factions.

However, there were some reasons to claim a Planetary Core and turn it into a Pylon, with the biggest being for protection. The Order had powerful barriers to defend its areas, yes, but compared to what a Planetary Pylon of a Great Planet would have offered, it was nothing. Plus, not truly owning the planet also made keeping track of everything more difficult, especially in a time of crisis where an attacking faction would run interference and disrupt communication.

The day Yip of Yore arrived with his forces on Primordial-4, many of the Order’s allies were attacked. Several were wiped out instantly as enemy gods descended. Others surrendered if given the chance; some were left alone as they were viewed as too risky to attack, and others were left alone because they simply weren’t worth attacking. It was viewed to be in bad taste to slaughter those significantly weaker, so the attackers didn’t bother with factions who didn’t even have gods among them, and even when they did attack, it wasn’t with the intention of wiping out everyone.

They just destroyed the buildings, symbolizing the faction’s power, as well as the leaders who ruled it, while instilling fear in every person who saw their actions. Meira’s clan was lucky that it didn’t have any powerful people in it and was placed rather isolated, resulting in no one laying a hand on them… but even if they had been a target, chances were they would have been left alone to try and keep Jake happy.

Did you know this text is from a different site? Read the official version to support the creator.

This was not the first time the Order of the Malefic Viper had come under attack during the dozens of eras the Malefic Viper had been MIA. Far from it. Yet there was no doubt this was the largest and most powerful threat they had ever faced.

Branches could fall – and had fallen in the past. Allies could be wiped out. Gods could die. The entire Order could be under siege from all directions… yet the core had never fallen. The main base of the Order of the Malefic Viper had never let a single enemy lay a hand on the main structures. The vast underground cities were defended by barriers few gods had a chance to penetrate.

For ninety-two full eras, the Order of the Malefic Viper had their main base on Primordial-4, but today, Yip of Yore had arrived to challenge that. He had come for the Malefic Viper to kill a Primordial, but before that, he had to get through the final defenses of the Order and the powers that dwelled within… and the Lord Protector, who had been the end of all invaders who had dared to attempt to make history before.

Dark clouds gathered over the Great Planet as over a thousand figures exited the void in unison. The vast Great Planet spread out beneath them as far as the eye could see, even with the Perception of gods. Below them lay a grand city that also marked the entrance to the underground complex, which was the true core of the Order of the Malefic Viper.

It was a city with a longer history than any of the gods there had been alive… well, any of them besides one.

Yip of Yore was naturally among this army of gods as he looked down at the Order. He had not come with the intention of destroying mortal’s homes or even getting rid of the city at all. Yip of Yore was a great fan of history, and he knew the Records such a city possessed. To destroy it would simply be a waste while claiming it as his own would be a boon.

“This seems like a good place to set roots once everything is over, doesn’t it?” Yip of Yore asked the inconspicuous god to his right.

“A good a place as any, if you’re fine with living somewhere with such messy karma,” the god responded, getting a few glares from the others around at his uncaring and seemingly disrespectful words, but Yip didn’t care.

“Not that long since we were here last either,” Yip continued, the other god shrugging as his form began to morph. The only thing that stayed unchanged was the eternal smile on his lips as he took the shape of an older man, all the other gods staring at the transformation now backing, many even bowing or cupping their hands in respect, with a few looking scared after having scowled earlier.

“It was not,” Eversmile responded. “But I want you to remember, I am merely here as an observer this time around. A scribe to record all that happens and make sure the multiverse knows what happened here today.”

“That’s all I ask of you,” Yip responded, having mellowed down a lot before he spoke loudly. “No matter what happens, this will be the birth of a legendary tale for the multiversal history books. Aren’t we all lucky to be part of it?”

Cheers echoed throughout the sky, more than loud enough for those below to hear. It was all very much on purpose. A show for the audience that Yip of Yore felt observing them from all around. All eyes were on them – him – and he was more than willing to give them the performance of a lifetime… but it was yet to be his turn on stage quite yet.

Below, protected by the barrier, a few hundred gods stood. The so-called Hidden Ones who were no longer very hidden. Most of them were outcasts or those who didn’t fit in anywhere. Many of them were even individuals deemed enemies of too many major factions and used the Order as a form of refuge. The fact these were the gods who stood at the Malefic Viper’s side only made Yip of Yore’s job easier. No one else was stupid enough to protect vampires like that, knowing the enemies such an action would create.

Staring down at these gods no one would miss once gone, Yip smiled. “Then, my friends, let us not wait any longer. Let today mark the beginning of what shall define this new era. Let our actions become the founding legend of a future no longer solely ruled by the powers of old but one where the next generation can stand by their side as equals. Prove yourselves. Prove you have power that does not falter before the ancient ones.”

Energy surged all around him as the gods released it into the atmosphere. Their auras melded together and put pressure on the barrier below, making it shimmer. No one directly attacked yet, as the first blow would be the spark that started a slaughter, and Yip had yet to give that signal. Moreover, as mentioned, no one wanted to ruin the city. It was spoils of war, after all.

The fighting would come, but Yip knew most of the gods with him had already done their fair share. So had the gods below. Both sides had lost many, and now, their battle would be useless. It didn’t matter if they fought because the victor would be decided between Yip of Yore and the Malefic Viper no matter what happened.

Sure, there were Godqueens and Godkings aplenty among the Hidden Ones, but none of them were any threat to Yip of Yore. He had long surpassed the Circles of Divinity and gone beyond… and after this, he would reach an even higher level.

“Even now, your Primordial hides away. Cowering within his Divine Realm,” Yip spoke in a disappointed tone after a few minutes passed with nothing of substance happening as he was still waiting for all those who observed to have proper time to tune in. He was also waiting for another surprise for the Order that he would love to only show off at the right time.

“It’s a shame… but if you do not come out, we shall come in,” Yip said as he raised a hand. He still didn’t want to destroy the city… but breaking the barrier?

Power gathered within his palm as he pointed it downward. Reality itself compressed as a wave of massive force slammed into the barrier, making cracks form all over it.

“The next one is stronger,” he spoke again, as power gathered and-

Finally.

Half a dozen attacks arrived, sending nearly a hundred gods flying back, as below, what looked like a flower of flesh bloomed. Yip of Yore looked on as over a hundred hydra heads erupted toward the many gods in the air,  seeking not to kill but push them back as the most powerful person in the Order – at least the most powerful for a good while – had shown himself.

The aura of the many gods was instantly washed out as Yip of Yore felt the power of another entity that had surpassed the Circles of Divinity. The Boundless Hydra, Lord Protector of the Order of the Malefic Viper, and the reason they had managed to survive for this long despite the absence of their true Patron.

As Yip watched, the protective barrier that defended the city was replaced with a wall of flesh as the Boundless Hydra wrapped around the entire city. He couldn’t see where the heads of the hydra originated from; all he knew was that there had to be hundreds of them in total and that they offered far better protection than some magical barrier.

“Aren’t you going to release that?” Eversmile asked, looking at Yip of Yore’s still glowing palm.

Yip of Yore simply returned the smile of the god as the light faded. “No, it would do much anyway.”

He had confidence in defeating the Lord Protector – naturally, he had – but he knew it wouldn’t be anything fast. He was not the target of Yip’s conquest and was incredibly powerful in his own right. Yip of Yore would win, yes, but he would waste a lot of energy in the process, and without using his preparations for the Viper, he wouldn’t be able to ensure the Boundless Hydra wouldn’t simply escape. The name Boundless also wasn’t for nothing… because Yip was genuinely unsure how one would end the life of a creature with seemingly infinite heads. Alas, it wasn’t something he needed to bother with.

“Then what will you do?” Eversmile asked.

“Nothing,” Yip of Yore smiled. “Because I’m not the one who’s gonna remove the Boundless Hydra as a factor.”

As if on cue… everyone stopped. The many heads of the hydra that attacked the gods in the sky and even the gods flying froze as the sound of a horn could be heard throughout this entire section of the Great Planet. With it, a wave of golden light exploded in the sky as a massive, equally golden gate appeared.

The gate slowly began to open as one would expect an entire army to walk through… but only a single man exited, a simple axe hoisted over his shoulder. No one could move as his utterly overwhelming aura washed over the Great Planet, announcing to all the arrival of Valdemar, the God of War.




***
Chapter 1010: A Proper Greeting


***






The Lord Protector observed the sky as the aura of the human recognized as the War God bore down on him. The pressure was intense, but he did not submit despite the evident power difference. He was the final vanguard of the Order of the Malefic Viper, and as long as his master had yet to make his appearance, the Boundless Hydra was responsible for ensuring none would cause their members harm.

Dealing with Yip of Yore was already a matter the Lord Protector wasn’t confident in, but now, even as it looked even more hopeless, he decided to go on the offensive. Hundreds of heads emerged from the living barrier and flew toward the many gods and Valdemar himself. Yip of Yore simply looked down as Valdemar smiled as he lifted his axe.

“This is not your fight, Guardian,” his words echoed as he lowered his weapon slowly. The hundreds of heads were instantly crushed as the Lord Protector felt the shockwave from the impact permeating through his entire body. It hadn’t done any real damage, as losing a few hundred heads meant nothing… however…

I shall-

“You’ve done enough, Snappy,” a voice suddenly echoed in the Lord Protector’s mind. The comforting words of his master. As these words were spoken, a lone figure appeared in the air between the Boundless Hydra and the attackers, emanating an aura surpassing that of the Lord Protector by a fair margin.

“Quite rude to come knocking without a proper invitation,” the Malefic VIper spoke in a confident tone as Valdemar retracted his own aura. The Viper’s words were addressed at not just Yip of Yore, but Valdemar and everyone else present.

The Lord Protector observed his master as he sighed internally, trying to squash the insecurities in his heart. For so many eras, he had trusted the Malefic Viper to handle things… what was one more time?

The Malefic Viper basked in the auras of the many gods who looked down upon him. He saw Eversmile stand next to Yip of Yore, aware the god would not interfere personally. He was the kind to prefer indirect involvement, after all.

Finding the right time to appear was always a tricky matter, but he believed things had worked out fine. He couldn’t wait too long as that risked Snappy deciding to go all-out, which could risk everything, including Snappy potentially taking severe damage.

No, as the Viper said, the Lord Protector had done enough, and from here on out, it was all on the Malefic Viper.

“To think you’d come out on your own… I’ll admit, I’d assumed we’d have to drag you out of your little hole by causing a bit of damage first,” Yip of Yore spoke as the Viper felt himself be measured up. “Almost admirable for you to come out and save your pet hydra.”

“Or perhaps I’m just tired of dealing with this annoying rat that’s been gnawing at my ankles for a few years now,” the Viper shot back as he shook his head. “You’re far from the first who’s come here, trying to make themselves a Primordial Slayer, and I wonder where you got this much confidence from… but I guess arrogance is a trait of the young.”

Truthfully, the Viper saw little meaning in all this grandstanding and bantering, but he knew it was important for the story being told. What good villain wouldn’t act a bit like an asshole when confronted? And it was for certain that Villy was the villain of this story, a role he embraced wholeheartedly as it quite frankly fit him far better than that of the hero.

“It’s also a common trait for them to be daring,” Yip of Yore responded as he launched into yet another annoying speech. “For them to be willing to do what none has truly dared to do before. To go where none have gone before. Look beyond the status quo and what the older generation believes is impossible. For too long has it been an assumption that the Primordials are infallible beings, unreachable by all. The Truth? All you have is age. For the Primordials who’ve continued to struggle and continued to reach for more power, I understand why they maintain respect… but you? You’re just a relic of old, coasting on the reputation of those who were once your peers.”

There was nothing new in his words, yet they still bore repeating due to the expanded audience this time around. The Viper could vividly see the conceptual energy gathering all around Yip of Yore. The many skills were working in concert, empowering him to act his role as the hero.

Even now, he had reached a level few gods ever could… and he was only growing stronger as his momentum would soon peak.

“Don’t get me wrong, if you had been a force for good and used your reputation to make the multiverse a better place, things would be different. But what did you do? What have you done since your return? The moment you stopped hiding away, you became a tyrant. You killed weaker gods and had your faction expand, crushing anyone indiscriminately who dared stand in your way. For so many eras, the Order of the Malefic Viper had been a mostly peaceful organization that kept to itself, and only with your return did they return to being the force for evil they were back then and have become once. To me, it seems like the Order of the Malefic Viper was better without the Malefic Viper.”

“I am the Order of the Malefic Viper,” Vilastromoz shot back. “Yet you are coming here, spouting nonsense to justify making a move on me just to prove that you are a strong boy in front of all your little pals. Pals that will only end up dying alongside you once you realize how big of a mistake you’ve made.”

“Mistake, huh? Let me ask you, what is the meaning of having power in the first place? Why have a faction?” Yip of Yore asked, clearly not looking for an answer as he answered it himself. “For the longest time, I saw no meaning in having a faction. I didn’t need one because I didn’t have a good reason to have one… but you inspired me. I knew you were a negative influence in the multiverse from the very beginning, a being of death and destruction that should be put in the same camp as Plague Spirits and cursed creatures. When such a fundamentally evil creature controls a faction, the faction becomes a force for evil, so I asked myself why I couldn’t make a faction that was the exact opposite. A force for good in the multiverse.”

The Viper kept quiet, allowing the guy to keep ranting with his long masturbatory speech.

“I asked you what the meaning of getting more power was. For you, it seems to be able to continue getting away with evil. I found my answer, too. It’s to make sure beings like you cannot roam free and keep destroying everything in their Path. You’ve done so many horrible things I cannot even begin to cover them all. Today, that will all end. If no one else is willing, I’ll become the force for good that counteracts your evil, and if need be, show the Order that there is another way than following someone like you.”

“Such confidence for someone hiding behind two other Primordials while claiming he is here to prove he’s equal to a Primordial,” Vilastromoz scoffed, playing into his role. “Or is this your definition of good? To have others do your dirty work while you take all the credit?”

“I’m not here to fight you,” Valdemar spoke, his words almost having a physical weight to them. “I’m here to ensure the duel between you two happens and that no one else interferes. That’s the term of my promises.”

These words were clearly directed at Snappy, telling him not to get involved. Vilastromoz did feel a bit bad about leaving Snappy in the dark, but it was truly for the best. The Viper knew his Lord Protector would act accordingly even if he weren’t told what to do.

“And Eversmile?” the Viper continued.

“Just here to observe and document,” the Primordial of Karma said in a calm tone. “This is not my battle. Instead, view it as a chance to prove you are still worthy of the title of Primordial… or if twelve shall become eleven.”

“A chance indeed,” Yip of Yore followed up to reclaim the flow of conversation. Or maybe because he really liked to hear himself talk? Either way, it didn’t matter much. “How does it feel? Knowing that even your fellow Primordials are doubtful if you’re truly one of them?”

“Funny, I don’t remember the title of Primordial being dependent on others recognizing you as one,” Vilastromoz scowled. “It does sadden me that they are willing to side with a new upstart, and it makes me question their judgment… but alas, that’s something we can settle later. Once I’ve dealt with you, we have an eternity for them to make up for their failure in properly assessing the situation, after all.”

“What I find funny is that you believe anyone is willing to put up with you anymore. Nearly as funny as you thinking you are walking away from this. Actually, tell me, how many of your so-called loyal Hidden Ones have abandoned you the moment things got tough? How many allies have turned their back? From what I see, the only ones who remain are those with no choice or other evil entities who share your wicked worldview,” Yip of Yore continued as he paced back and forth.

“Face it, everyone is abandoning you. They can feel the winds of change blowing through the multiverse. They can see that you are a withered husk of what you once were. Your isolation has only made you more bitter and cruel… you are so pathetic you can’t even keep your own Chosen loyal.”

This was it. The thing the Viper and so many others had been waiting for. The trump card Yip of Yore had prepared to truly show how far the Malefic Viper had fallen. Rumors had always made their rounds in the multiverse that the Chosen of the Malefic Viper and Valhal had entered some kind of agreement in the mostly closed-off ninety-third universe. No one knew the exact details of this deal, but the fact that Valhal clearly opposed the Malefic Viper as his Chosen made a deal made the situation very confusing and ripe for speculation about what exactly was going on behind the scenes.

Now, the time had come for the truth to be revealed. Never once had there been a scenario where a Chosen of a Primordial had renounced their Blessing, much less turned into a heretic, so the mere thought it could happen still didn’t seem believable to many. Yet… the Chosen of the Malefic Viper was a rather unique case for a Chosen.

He had been given the Blessing at a very low grade, and he’d displayed a level of talent that was near-unprecedented. This wasn’t just about his Nevermore performance, but his title of Harbinger of Primeval Origins. The C-grade human held genuine power and influence, and his existence had helped the Malefic Viper greatly when staging his comeback.

It was all a great story. The Malefic Viper returning to the multiverse with a one-of-a-kind Chosen able to stand atop his generation as the Malefic Viper – a god who once stood at the top as one of the first gods – would reclaim his position. The Chosen Ceremony was still fresh in people’s minds and had been a major boost to the Viper’s reputation among the many gods who had only ever read about the Primordial in history books. That ceremony had shown a Chosen and Patron united as the Order was on track to become a true pinnacle faction once more.

This was the story most people had come to believe. This was what the majority of all those who looked on at this confrontation believed. Innumerable people were watching this entire thing unfold, from all factions spread across the multiverse, all the way from low-ranking mortals to gods who ruled the peak factions.

To some, it was merely entertainment. To others, it was research, a third group, an event that would define their futures. They all had their reasons for watching, and all had their own theories and thoughts, but all of them knew that no matter what, they were witnessing history in the making.

The first clue that something unexpected was about to happen was the frown the Malefic Viper showed the moment his Chosen was mentioned. Usually, one would expect a god to show some pride or even to gloat when their outstanding Chosen was mentioned… yet he frowned. He was unhappy at his mention.

Then, as if on cue, the golden gate behind Valdemar began to glow once more. Five figures walked out, all five of them releasing auras that had surpassed the Circles of Divinity. Yet, it was the one who seemed the weakest who led them as she walked in front and took her place beside Valdemar, the other top-level fighters of Valhal staying behind the two of them.

It was Gudrun, the First Valkyrie and if Valdemar was the emperor that ruled Valhal, she would be the empress actually handling all the day-to-day politics.

“You brought your wife? Seriously?” Vilastromoz asked with a scoff as he ignored Yip of Yore and looked at Valdemar. “I thought you said you weren’t getting involved?”

“I’m not getting involved,” the bearded man shrugged with a smile. “Never said the missus wouldn’t.”

“Don’t mind his words; none of us will take part in any fighting today unless we are forced into it,” Gudrun said, clearly leaving an opening for Valhal to take a more offensive position based on what happened next. “No, we are merely here to deliver a message. One that I believe is long overdue yet has found its perfect time to be delivered. A message not just to you but to the rest of the multiverse. I would ask everyone to be quiet and just listen.”

Gudrun lifted her hand as a giant formation appeared. The runes on it lit up as it connected to something far away, through the void between the universes, and unto the newest one integrated. An image slowly took form as a familiar figure appeared, projected as a lifelike illusion into the sky.

It was a familiar figure. It was someone most had seen pictures or even recordings of prior. It was naturally the all-time top scorer of the Nevermore Leaderboards, Harbinger of Primeval Origins, and last but not least, the Chosen of the Malefic Viper… which was why many were shocked that Gudrun would be the one bringing his message.

Confusion would be an understatement as the projection slowly fully took form. Once it did, the aura of the Chosen also began to slowly be released… which only caused more confusion as it seemed off. However, not as off as his first words.

The projection clearly looked down at the Malefic Viper, the god frowning as his Chosen spoke.

“Didn’t expect to see me here, now did you? Why not? Did you think I would just lie down and submit despite everything, you manipulative, insane piece of shit excuse of a god?”

So, yeah, not the way most would expect a Chosen to greet their Patron.




***
Chapter 1011: Worst Chosen in History


***






Tapping her fingers on the makeshift table within the cave beneath her office, surrounded by altars and catalysts filled with power, Miranda was waiting as she double-checked everything was ready. She’d spent a good deal of time and energy on ensuring things would work out well for their planet and with the help of her Patrons, prepared the greatest ritual she’d ever made down in the chamber with the Planetary Pylon.

Miranda found herself in quite a unique position as she realized she knew more of the Malefic Viper’s plans than even her own Patrons. The Witches of the Verdant Lagoon had been very involved in the conflict and had questioned Miranda many times about what was going on with Jake after it was announced he now worked with Valhal. Lying to them wasn’t an option, so all Miranda could do was tell them to trust her, as she was acting according to the will of the Malefic One.

Luckily that had been enough to convince them to help her prepare. They’d also agreed to inform her of the moment Yip of Yore arrived at Primordial-4 and keep her updated live about everything going on.

She heard about how Yip appeared, the oral spat between the two pinnacle gods, and finally, about the arrival of Valhal, which shocked her Patrons. The second Miranda heard they appeared; she sent out her first command to all the people she’d stationed all around the planet. It was all people she trusted to do this without asking any questions but simply follow through, with Neil playing backup as an expert in space magic.

Not long after, Miranda was informed of Gudrun making her apperance. And then…

“A magical formation made for long-distance communication, able to project an individual from… Why is the Chosen of the-  what? Child, what is going on? Why would-“ one of the witch sisters asked, as Miranda did something that she seriously hoped didn’t come across as blasphemous down the line as she interrupted the god.

“I apologize; I cannot answer anything more as that would be breaking my oath toward not only Lord Thayne but the Order of the Malefic Viper. Trust them. Trust the Malefic One. I will have to cut the connection here for the ritual… may all go well on your end, and once more, I apologize,” Miranda said, really hoping she wouldn’t get in trouble for all this later once everything was resolved.

Miranda cut the connection as she said she would and flexed her magic while she sent out the message to begin Operation Lockdown. All across the planet, teleporters were disabled, the Prima Alliance teleporters were all closed down temporarily, and finally, the most important part.

Activating all the altars and catalysts around her, she unleashed her ritual and connected with the Planetary Pylon through the ritual circle down there. Straining herself, she raised her hands before putting her palms together, creating a seal.

At the same time, a faint green sheen appeared throughout the upper layers of Earth’s atmosphere. Like a blanket falling over the planet, they were enveloped in her ritual. No, perhaps rather than a blanket, she should call this a Faraday Cage, as the ritual had one purpose, and one purpose only:

Isolate them entirely from all outside communication.

Miranda breathed a sigh of relief as she kept holding her palms together, not bothering to wipe it away as she felt a drop of blood come out her nose. She knew this would strain her far more than anything before, but if all went well, she wouldn’t have to keep this up forever… just long enough for the Viper and Jake to be done with everything.

She could do without the pain running through her body and her hands that felt like she was pressing them against a hot stove. Miranda wasn’t certain how long she could keep the ritual up, but hopefully, it would be enough time because if not, there would be a riot once everyone was informed of what Jake had been doing, no matter the spin she put on things. Damn, even if things worked out brilliantly, she would have an absolute shitshow to deal with afterward, requiring so much explanation and… fuck.

Forget it, just focus… think about all the levels you’ll gain from this, Miranda… just think about the damn levels…

Jake had stood in the middle of the large formation, breathing calmly as he tried to keep his bearings fully while preparing himself mentally for his time to take the stage. He would be lying if he said he wasn’t stressing the fuck out internally as the thoughts of how much could go wrong swam through his head. Shit, he even began to question the entire plan and if maybe they should try and pull the plug, despite fully knowing it was way too late to be thinking that way.

What Bobby had told him about everything happening in the first universe had only made Jake even more doubtful as he worried about his friends there. He trusted Miranda to have things relatively under control, though he suspected there would be a lot of work once things were finished.

Minutes passed as Jake just waited, as throughout, Bobby, who stood outside the formation, sent him telepathic updates. Things were certainly heating up, and for a moment, he got worried about Snappy but quickly calmed down once Valdemar said he wasn’t there to fight. When he was told Gudrun had made her appearance, Jake knew it would soon be his time.

As predicted, the formation soon activated. Jake felt its energy envelop him as his consciousness merged with it, and he found himself floating within the air above Primordial-4 soon after. He could see and hear everything, but his Bloodline hadn’t followed him at all, not allowing him to use Sphere, as it wasn’t like he had truly been transported there. All the formation could do was copy the aura Jake released, which should be good enough, as it was even capable of copying his Bloodline aura.

Jake quickly oriented himself once summoned, and instantly, he lay eyes on the Viper and Yip of Yore.

Bobby had naturally relayed everything Yip and the Viper had said to one another and told him the words Gudrun said before summoning him, which was maybe why Jake opened a bit too strongly, having gotten caught up in the mood.

“Didn’t expect to see me here, now did you? Why not? Did you think I would just lie down and submit despite everything, you manipulative, insane piece of shit excuse of a god?”

Despite all his preparations, Jake spoke without thinking overly much about what he said, even fumbling the words a little. Hopefully, that would make him appear more genuine… the problem was that Jake couldn’t really tell if it had worked, as people were just staring at him in shock for the most part. The only ones who looked different were the Viper, who glared in anger, and Yip of Yore, who failed to suppress a grin.

Oh, and Eversmile, who was looking creepy, but that was just Eversmile being Eversmile.

Tension was high, and just as it looked like the Malefic Viper was about to speak, Valdemar began to laugh loudly, suppressing all other sounds as he shook his head and looked at Jake. “Damn, he must really have been a bastard, huh?”

Jake wasn’t sure how much Valdemar actually knew about this plan, but he was clearly helping Jake to move the conversation forward. Something both the Viper and Yip of Yore were happy about, though only one could outwardly show it.

“I greet the War God and the First Valkyrie,” Jake said as he cupped his hands and bowed toward the two top gods of Valhal. With this small action, one thing was instantly made clear to all those present… the Chosen of the Malefic Viper cared about and respected those two way more than the Malefic Viper himself. It also showed Jake could respect gods in the first place and wasn’t just a True Heretic who despised all forms of divinity, which meant his hatred was targeted toward his current Patron alone. Something he gladly explained the reason for.

If you encounter this narrative on Amazon, note that it's taken without the author's consent. Report it.

“And I believe bastard is quite the understatement to describe my so-called Patron,” Jake continued, all eyes and interest on him as he looked down at the Viper. “Do you want me to show and tell, or will you have the honors?”

The Viper frowned. “I would advise you to be silent and not say anything you may not be able to take back, my dear Chosen. Words spoken carelessly can have quite the consequences.”

“You know what, I’ll just take that as a solid no,” Jake sneered, keeping up his snarky tone. “So allow me to start, and where is better than the very beginning? It’s funny when I think back that I thought I was lucky to stumble on a Challenge Dungeon in my Tutorial, even if it was an incredibly dangerous one that had killed so many others who’d come before me. I thought It was one of those fortuitous encounters everyone talks about when I had my profession forced upon me and became involved with you… even more so when I was brought before you and given your True Blessing, despite not even having any understanding of what a god was back then.”

“What are you hoping to gain by telling our history like this? I already told you once, but back down while you still-“ the Viper tried again, but Jake didn’t give him a chance as he once more interrupted… again, also showing his lack of respect.

“Who would have that that encounter would lead to all this shit,” Jake sighed. “Let’s skip a bit forward to after the Tutorial when you used the Trial of Myriad Poisons to infect me with a drop of your blood… again, how in the fuck did I think that was a good thing for me? To be implanted with a ticking time bomb?”

Villy was quiet, just standing there, but his facial expression was not good.

“Oh, and the time you forced a slave upon me because you thought it would be interesting… or one of the many times you fed me toxins just because you thought it was fun. Man, I have so many fucking things to talk about, but let’s just go to the final thing. The one that well and truly pushed me over the edge,” Jake said – the toxins in Jake’s example being pretty good beer, so not technically a lie - as he turned to Yip of Yore. “Yip… you know I don’t particularly like you. I especially don’t like your Chosen either.”

“Fair enough,” Yip shrugged with a sly smile.

“But compared to my dislike for you two, that scaled bastard is on a whole other level. I fucking despise him. I also realized something recently. A realization that landed me in quite the trouble once he found out. After much reflection on current matters, I realized I don’t need him. I realized that of the two of us, he’s the one benefitting from my existence, and I get nothing but manipulation and threats in return. I’ve already received everything he had to offer, and now we’re at a stage where he’s only taking from me and trying to control me,” Jake explained. “Me realizing this is what led to today. What led to me being forced into being here today. It was that, or accept being his slave forever… and I would rather die than become a slave.”

“Quiet down now, or I shall-” the Malefic Viper sneered but was once more cut off.

“You’re fucking done doing anything to me,” Jake yelled back, as he focused on the mental image he’d created for himself where he imagined Villy was actually Ell’Hakan, an actual target of his hatred. “You’re why I’m forced into being here today. You’re the one who was so damn insecure that you had to collar me to you. You’re the one who used a fucking Transcendence to fuck around in my soul, leaving me crippled for months!”

Jake’s words echoed throughout the skies as his rage came through the projection, amplified as he didn’t hold back his Bloodline at all. Jake channeled the emotions of how annoyed and angry he was at all this scheming. At having to deal with Ell’Hakan at all. At Yip of Yore’s bullshit. Jake was well and truly done with all of it, and despite the words he uttered not matching the actual reasons for his anger, the venting of emotions was very much real and came through strongly.

His words about the Viper messing with his soul also confirmed the rumors Yip had been spreading about the Viper being weakened from using it. The act of even using his Transcendence on his Chosen was also something extremely messed up in the first place. Everything was taut, as only Yip of Yore was genuinely elated due to everything happening, though outwardly, he had a sympathetic look as if he truly understood Jake’s blight.

After a few seconds of silence, Jake sighed and spoke in a calmer tone. “I’m just done, okay? I’m done with you manipulating me. I’m done being used to compensate for your own inadequacies. Everything is done… we’re done. But I can’t even do that, can I? Because I’ve even had that choice taken away.”

Jake’s words were melancholic as his aura began to slowly shift. “I know I was never faithful, not truly. But I at least respected you. Respected the Legacy you had created. Now, there’s nothing left of you worthy of even an iota of my respect. Nothing left to believe in at all.”

The aura that before had not possessed any particular trait besides being Jake’s was rapidly transforming as it took on a whole other feeling. A whole other meaning. Gone was the aura of the one recognized as the Prophet of a god. Gone was the Chosen of the Malefic Viper… as all that existed was the unmistakable aura of a heretic – despite Jake still identifying with a True Blessing.

“I denounce you. I renounce your Blessing, and I would already have been fucking rid of it if I was able to. But that choice was taken away, and now I have only one way to be free of you once and for all,” Jake said before everyone even had the time to truly comprehend the overwhelming heretical aura filling the skies. He let others assume it was due to the Transcendence he couldn’t get rid of the Blessing. Yip had already shared that rumor, after all…

“Just remember, you’re the one who caused all this, not me. You forced me into a corner and should have known something like this would happen,” Jake said in a harsh tone as he stared down at the Primordial. “Once, I genuinely believed I would walk the Path to godhood as your Chosen… now I see my only true Path forward requires your death.”

“Shut up… once I’m done here, I will come for you and make you realize just how foolish you’ve been,” the Viper said, his own aura pushing back and suppressing Jake’s. “I’ve been nothing if not benevolent despite your antics. If I were you, I would know when to stop acting the fool and when to pray.”

“The only thing I’ll pray for is your death,” Jake answered coldly. “You’re a manipulative piece of shit. A fucking stain on the history of the multiverse. You know, before the system, snakes were mainly known as pests on my planet... turns out not much changed even after the integration.”

“I told you to shut up…” the Malefic Viper sneered as Jake just continued.

“But don’t worry, even snakes can have their uses. I swear before everyone that in the event of your death, I shall not let your Legacy go to waste. You’ve taken so much from me already. Used me so much. It’s only fair I take a little back… no, I think it’s more accurate to say I’ll usurp a little back,” Jake spoke loudly and clearly, leaving little room for interpretation about what he was trying to do.

“Shut. Up. Now.”

“So please, Yip of Yore… continue. Make history. I shall watch expectedly at Valhal’s side, hoping your quest will succeed,” Jake said in a mocking tone, still looking at the Viper. “I do find it a shame I cannot witness it in person, but hopefully, you’ll have a good story to tell after the fact. One I’ll be sure to enjoy and-“

“SILENCE!” the Malefic Viper roared, finally having been pushed beyond his limit as a shockwave of energy was released, and before Gudrun could react, the entire formation that projected Jake was torn apart, Jake himself getting sent back to his own universe, unable to see what happened next.

“What pathetic farce is this!?” the Viper yelled, looking all around him before his eyes settled on Yip of Yore, and he spoke some proper villain dialogue. “You bring an army to my home. Try to use my own Chosen against me. But fine. You want to die by my hands? Then come! Lay down your pathetic life!”

Yip of Yore smiled, the conceptual energy gathering around him like never before, as his power reached a level not even he had expected, the Chosen of the Malefic Viper having gone above and beyond expectations.

Holding out his hand, an object appeared that would be crucial for what came next. A hard-earned item from a Void God, capable of ensuring this would be a proper duel. A top-grade Void Sphere, capable of sealing only the two of them in their own little world, with only one of them leaving. Yip of Yore held this as he looked at the Viper, with the full knowledge that he had the majority of the multiverse at this back, believing in – wishing for – his victory. They wanted to see history be made and a new legend formed, as the hero would slay the villain...

It was only right to give it to them, as Yip answered:

“For the sake of the multiverse… for your former Chosen… let’s end this once and for all.”




***
Chapter 1012: Three Theories


***






Jake couldn’t help but stumble back as the projection was broken, and he was forcibly returned to his own body fully. After taking a few steps back, he stabilized himself, breathing heavily. In part because of the shock from getting his consciousness flung back into his real body and in part because he was still mentally processing everything that had just gone down while he was projected.

He had no idea how well things had gone, and he wasn’t good enough at reading people to understand if he had properly tricked Yip of Yore. Nor was he entirely sure if Villy was satisfied with his performance.

Things hadn’t gone entirely to plan, and Jake had veered from the script more than he probably should have. Sure, he had covered the most important parts, but he felt like he’d definitely said a bit too much at times, and he also had the nagging feeling that he’d forgotten some important things he had to say.

After breathing heavily for a bit, Jake took a final deep breath and sighed. None of it mattered anymore. He’d done what he’d done, and things couldn’t be changed anymore. All he could do now was trust in the Malefic Viper to handle everything on his end.

Having calmed himself down, Jake finally addressed the flood of notifications he’d gained. He’d expected to get levels, but not that many, considering he’d already gotten a steady influx of experience over the last many weeks while the rumors of Jake’s betrayal of the Viper had been spreading. That made him assume the reward would be lesser… and maybe it was, but Jake was still pretty darn satisfied seeing six whole levels gained.

’DING!’ Profession: [Heretic-Chosen Alchemist of the Malefic Viper] has reached level 290 - Stat points allocated, +35 Free Points

…

’DING!’ Profession: [Heretic-Chosen Alchemist of the Malefic Viper] has reached level 295 - Stat points allocated, +35 Free Points

’DING!’ Race: [Human (C)] has reached level 293 - Stat points allocated, +45 Free Points

’DING!’ Race: [Human (C)] has reached level 295 - Stat points allocated, +45 Free Points

This leveling pace felt like he was back in D-grade again, but he knew it was only because so much was happening. He also suspected Ell’Hakan was experiencing a similar level of growth in the meantime, but that would only make him more worth it to kill once all this was over. And hopefully, a little something that could help make that kill even easier had also arrived…

Because he’d also gotten another message after reaching level 290 in his profession:

Heretic-Chosen Alchemist of the Malefic Viper profession skills available

He already knew what skill he would pick as-

“Lord Thayne, we need to move!” Bobby yelled from outside of the now-broken magic circle after whatever Villy had done proved powerful enough to actually destroy the formation on their end through his will alone.

Jake was thrown out of his thoughts as he heard what the man said, and for a moment, he looked confused at the World Leader. Then, he realized what Bobby was getting at.

Right… the Usurper ritual…

Admittedly, Jake had kind of forgotten about that thing. Or maybe he’d just not wanted to remember its existence due to what using it would imply, but nevertheless, he knew he had to go there even if he never planned on using it.

“Coming,” Jake said as he ran out of the broken magic circle and followed Bobby as they flew to the other circle. He noticed Carmen was nowhere to be seen, and he couldn’t help but ask while flying:

“Where’s Carmen at?”

“I apologize for not telling you before, but I didn’t wish to distract you in any way. However, shortly before you were summoned, a man from your planet arrived, and Carmen went to greet him,” Bobby answered apologetically.

“A man? Who?” Jake asked, unsure who it could be.

“The Void Machinist… I believe his name is Arnold?” Bobby answered, Jake pleasantly surprised. Both at Arnold having a cool title assigned to him by Valhal and partly because he knew what his arrival had to mean.

Jake didn’t say much more while flying over to the ritual site he could use to usurp the Legacy of the Malefic Viper should the Primordial fall. When he got closer, he saw there were already hundreds of shamans gathered around, ready to do their part in the massive ritual should the need arrive.

Valhal had massively invested in making it, of that there was no doubt. Jake already knew that when he inspected it the first time around, but now it looked even more impressive. It was odd seeing the circle and all the people there who seemed quite certain they would have to use it. Even Bobby looked like he was looking forward to seeing it activate.

Meanwhile, Jake hoped that all of this investment would turn out to be a total waste of time and resources for Valhal.

Ultimately, all of that would be down to the Malefic Viper, and as Jake went to the middle of the circle and sat down with his legs crossed, he passed whatever small prayer a Heretic-Chosen was able to give unto his Patron.

Back in the first universe at Primordial-4, all looked on as Yip of Yore activated the pinnacle-grade Void Sphere as he flew toward the Malefic Viper. A pulse of pure void energy echoed out, and in an instant, the two gods disappeared to their own private dimension.

There was no doubt in anyone’s mind that only one of them would exit it… the only question was who. Would it be the Malefic Viper proving that he was still worthy of being called a Primordial? Or would it be Yip of Yore making history by being the first one to slay a Primordial, upending the multiverse’s entire power structure?

Either way, in the meantime, with the two main characters of this event gone, things didn’t calm down at all. Left behind was still the army of gods who followed Yip of Yore alongside the many gods of the Order, including the Lord Protector.

Then, there were the top warriors of Valhal alongside their leader, Valdemar. With the Malefic Viper and Yip of Yore gone, the only being capable of standing up to him was Eversmile, who already made it clear he wouldn’t get involved, and maybe the Lord Protector, though all the Lord Protector would possibly be able to do was stall the War God.

The tale has been illicitly lifted; should you spot it on Amazon, report the violation.

Many expected something to happen as Valdemar’s words echoed at the first sign of someone considering if they should make a move: “Sit down and wait. None are to draw arms.”

The god from Yip’s faction, who looked like he was about to propose something, instantly shut up as no one spoke or did anything. The world was silent as Valdemar stood there with his arms crossed, one of the other warriors holding his axe for him, the message of his actions being clear: if someone were stupid enough to pull out a weapon, he would respond in kind by taking his axe back.

His sheer presence ensured that while Yip of Yore and the Malefic Viper fought, no one else would do anything but wait to see who the ultimate victor would be. At the same time, Eversmile gladly waited around, his eternal smile filled with expectation for the conclusion of this entire arc.

Void Spheres were truly ingenious creations that the system had gladly helped in the creation of to limit the destruction of the true universe. Whenever one was used, it effectively created a separate dimension mirroring the real world, but only with a limited number of creatures within… in this case,  with only two beings entering.

From the perspectives of the Malefic Viper and Yip of Yore, the world was merely colored black and white for a brief moment before all returned to normal, except every other person was gone. Now, only two Truesouls existed with the entire Great Planet and much further laid bare to be their battleground.

Even the large Order of the Malefic Viper compound beneath them was now entirely empty, though much of it appeared murky, as if censored somehow. A feature of the many enchantments placed on the city to make it so using a Void Sphere didn’t mean one could go in and explore the empty city. Not that many would even dare consider wasting a Void Sphere of this caliber on something like that, and if a weaker one was used, it was possible that those outside could detect disturbances in overlapping dimensions. With this level of Void Sphere used, though, there was no risk of that happening. The only ones breaking in and out of this dimension were the Viper and Yip were entirely isolated. Only their Truesouls had been attuned to it, after all.

Within this world, they were free to fight without worrying about their allies. Free to fight without worrying about destroying anything in their vicinity… and free to act with the knowledge that none were able to observe or hear them.

The Malefic Viper stared across empty space as Yip stood there, looking far more relaxed than before. He glanced at the Viper before smiling.

“Reminds me of our first meeting within the void. Just the two of us with no curious gazes,” the god spoke in a nostalgic tone. “Though much has changed since then.”

“Are you sure it changed for the better, though? Because last time I checked, you ran away after a single exchange, and now you cut off that possibility for yourself,” the Viper responded in a snarky tone.

“True, true, but let’s be honest, we both know my intent back then wasn’t actually to fight you,” Yip smiled while shaking his head. “Also, you can stop with the acting already; it’s just the two of us now. The setting has been established, and the build-up is complete. What happens from here on out will be naught but a tale told by the victor.”

“Me? Acting? Aren’t you the one acting weird, not being in a rush despite working so hard to build up momentum?” Vilastromoz responded, tilting his head.

“You know, it’s weird; you don’t seem as angry now as you did less than a minute ago,” Yip shot back, still smiling. “I must admit, you are a better performer than I first expected. Then again, you are a notorious schemer. Everyone’s been telling me that anyway. The thing is, I can’t figure out what the goal of your scheme is this time around.”

“What’s so hard to understand?” the Viper asked in a relaxed tone.

“You. What you want,” Yip said with genuine puzzlement. “I dare call myself an expert in the art of spinning tales and telling stories, and what I witnessed today was quite the drama. Brilliantly performed by everyone involved, your Chosen and yourself included. I have a lot of questions about how you pulled it all off, especially the heretic aura… though perhaps that part was genuine. The best lies need a foundation of truth, after all, and I know it is true that Valdemar has an interest in your Chosen and that his faith isn’t exactly strong. Alas, I don’t believe any of the words he uttered today.”

The Malefic Viper wasn’t surprised at what Yip of Yore said. Honestly, he’d never expected to fool the god with all his schemes. He walked a Path that revolved around false legends and lies, and could read the flow of such things at a deep conceptual level. It was pretty obvious he would realize something was up at some point… not that it mattered. Why would it?

Everything that happened was to Yip of Yore’s benefit. Even if he realized that the Viper and Jake were actively helping him get stronger, why would he say no to that? Why would he point out that the Chosen and Patreon were actually super tight buddies and that there was no conflict between them? What good would that have possibly done him? It wasn’t even as if he could prove the two of them were lying to make himself look smart, and his objections to them having a falling out would just seem odd and out of place.

No, he pretty much only had the choice of leaning into their lies, even if he realized they were lies. From the beginning, the objective had never been to fool Yip of Yore, just the average uncritical observer.

“As you said, this is our own little world, cut off from the speculation of outsiders… so you tell me. Why do you think I did as I did, assuming you are correct?” the Viper asked with raised eyebrows.

“Now that’s the big question,” Yip spoke, wagging his finger in the air. “I’ve been trying to figure that one out for a while and come up with a few theories. Three, to be exact. Theory number one, you believe you can beat me no matter how much stronger I get and that killing me at my apex will reap you the most benefits. Needless to say, I find myself forced to write this option off as if this was the case, I was doomed from the start, so there’s no need to even consider it.”

“Fair,” the Viper smirked.

“Number two, you’re just a moron. You’re truly arrogant and overconfident to the point of being an idiot, believing yourself infallible. This one is quite similar to the first one, except with the built-in assumption you are far more idiotic than I have come to believe. Still, not entirely one to write off, as you are indeed quite the arrogant god, and I do believe you fail to fully grasp my abilities,” Yip of Yore continued. “Though, of course, this theory being proved true is partly my own fault for keeping certain things hidden.”

“Got any more fun theories?” the Viper asked in a mocking tone.

“There is the third one, but before that, I want to talk a bit more about a certain someone… your dear Chosen and fellow schemer in this entire matter. I will not lie; I’ve found myself a bit jealous at times when hearing about your Chosen. Jealousy many other gods, including Valdemar seem to share. You got incredibly lucky with that one, catching him in a Tutorial like that. I can only suspect you saw the latent powers of his Bloodline, including his abilities to affect Primeval Origins, and jumped to quickly bring him under your banner,” Yip of Yore spoke as he began to pace back and forth in mid-air.

“Truly something that happens only once in a lifetime. Don’t get me wrong, my own Chosen isn’t bad at all either and quite a lucky find, but as I said, I find myself filled with envy at times. I’m also not blind to the odd relationship you seem to share with your Chosen. One far more equal than one would expect any god would allow their faithful to have with him. Yet you are clearly fine with it and even invite it. You set your Chosen up to be independent right from the day you revealed him as your Chosen, not trying to take even partial credit for his powers… which made me wonder… why would the selfish Malefic Viper do something like that?”

Vilastromoz frowned as he wasn’t entirely certain where Yip of Yore was going with all this.

“However, then it struck me one day. See, I also wondered what made you leave your divine realm in the first place. What was the impetus for your return? Many speculated it was because of your Chosen, while others said he was merely one element… but I do believe it was due to him appearing before you,” Yip said with a high level of confidence, not incorrect with his assessment so far.

“I think you were waiting all that time. Waiting for someone like him to come along… someone you deemed worthy,” Yip spoke as he sighed. “So this is my third theory: you willingly helped set all this up, not because you were fattening me up for the slaughter, but because you were setting the scene for something even grander: the birth of the first Primordial Usurper. A grand exit for a god who’s not felt alive for so many eras and an opportunity to once more reunite with those you’ve lost.”

The Viper’s demeanor changed as he looked at Yip with cold eyes.

“Valhal already made the circle for him, I heard. Everything is ready on their end. In fact, I’m sure everyone is ready all across the multiverse to see the conclusion of this tale,” Yip of Yore said, his words calm as he spoke. “So tell me, oh Malefic One… which theory do you subscribe to?”

The Viper’s aura flared as his cold eyes didn’t leave Yip of Yore for a single moment. “I guess you’ll have to find out.”




***
Chapter 1013: The Malefic Viper vs Yip of Yore (1)


***






One likely had many expectations of how a battle between gods looked. Perhaps it would be a fight where the very cosmos shook with every clash or one where solar systems easily collapsed, and while that certainly could happen, it was never the objective of the two fighters.

The Viper had spoken a lot to Jake about the importance of intensity in energy over scale. Quality over quantity. For the Malefic Viper and Yip of Yore, destroying things was easy. Blowing up a few galaxies was effortless... but also supremely wasteful.

Why launch an attack causing an explosion the size of a planet when you could instead condense that very same explosion down to the size of a large house, increasing the intensity several times over while reducing the cost? If your goal was only to strike one small target in the first place, a huge explosion would ultimately just waste a lot of energy hitting thin air.

The only instances where launching attacks of a larger scale made sense was when fighting a massive opponent or to ensure the attack would hit a speedy and very evasive enemy, or when one launched an attack above one’s ability to fully control. Oftentimes, it made sense to abandon some level of control for sheer power, with the end result often being better.

It was all about finding a balance between scale and intensity, and finding that perfect balance was something even gods could perpetually work on. Either way, the goal tended to be to make one’s attacks have just enough scale to still hit while optimizing the power put into it, and a good switch-up between larger and smaller attacks could often allow one to hit a good strike.

This all resulted in the battles of gods not looking that much different from even C-grades fighting, as long as one didn’t consider the sheer speed of their battles. At least it looked like C-grades for a few moments from the outside... until one took into account the shockwaves and inadvertent uncontrolled explosions resulting from the battle.

When blocking a strike, there was no need to lessen the resulting shockwave. In fact, quite the opposite, as the shockwave was often a result of dispersed energy, and many skills even focused on redirecting damage onto the world. This is why a regular punch from a god could easily result in a shockwave, turning countless nearby planets into dust once blocked.

Uncontrolled explosions also tended to happen when either party didn’t particularly focus on reducing the scale or when energy-based attacks clashed, mixed, and exploded. Two simple mana bolts, both condensed to only house-sized explosions by their respective casters, could often result in explosions innumerably times larger than either party intended if they clashed.

All of this is to say that it wasn’t out of the ordinary that the battle between the Malefic Viper, a Primordial god from the very first era, and Yip of Yore, an individual recognized as the most talented person to ever rise to godhood, started out with a simple probing exchange of fists versus claws, as both still restrained their power heavily.

The Viper had instantly drawn on his heritage as a being that evolved to godhood from a dragon as his hands transformed into claws, while Yip of Yore struck with his fists, his longer-than-average arms giving him more reach.

Yip dodged the first strike as he countered, only for the Primordial to also dodge as the two exchanged dozens of blows immediately, none landing as both were just testing the other party.

“Seems like you remain intent on fighting... I certainly welcome it,” Yip smiled as he increased the tempo. His fists were no longer mere punches but instead left after-images that lingered, with some strikes appearing before he even made them. The Viper dodged most, but soon, a blow landed on his shoulder. Only a fraction of a second later did the fist actually strike where he’d been hit, the concept of reality bent around it, courtesy of Yip’s reality-warping powers.

Yet right as the Viper stumbled back, a small cut also appeared on top of Yip’s fist, the wound instantly turning dark green and festering. The god looked down at the wound for a second as the poison soon lost its effect, and less than a second later, the wound had healed.

“Did that also remind you of the first time we met?” the Viper asked in a cold tone, knowing he had the upper hand in that minor exchange.

“It sure did,” Yip smiled, unconcerned with everything thus far. “But no running away for either of us this time around...”

The other god charged again, launching another assault before the Viper struck back with an even higher level of power. In the beginning, they had fought with power that even a Fourth Circle God could keep up with, slowly progressing toward the peak of the Circles of Divinity.

It was an unspoken agreement of sorts... a gradual increase in power from both sides as they were still testing one another.

Every attack was more powerful than the next, and every shockwave that rocked the Great Planet below grew ever the more destructive. The Void Sphere hadn’t copied the defensive formation protecting the Order of the Malefic Viper beneath them, resulting in their clashes reducing the entire city to dust nearly instantly.

Soon, they reached the level of high-tier godhood, as the two of them began to pull out more and more skills. The Viper unleashed his wings to block several attacks as poison mist was dispersed, corrupting the sky and land. His claws began to glow with more power than before, and his very presence became a beacon of corruption that infected everything. Even the blows Yip did land failed to do much due to the empowered scales covering his entire body, offering better defenses than nearly any armor, with his presence and scales poisoning Yip every time he landed a punch.

Meanwhile, Yip began to increase the conceptual level of his attacks while also unleashing the occasional skill. Yip was rare in that he didn’t have any particular affinity he stuck to but instead used many different kinds of attacks. He was incredibly skilled in most of the high-concept ones, such as space and time, as both had axillary connections to his primary concept of bending reality according to stories and his will, resulting in many of his attacks taking on a silvery light.

Continuing to fight in the realms of high-tier gods, they progressed through the Seventh Circle, the Eighth, Ninth, and soon, they reached the Tenth Circle of Divinity- also known as the Supreme Circle of Divinity of Godkings and Godqueens.

Every clash at this point lit up the sky and sundered the earth beneath them. They had barely moved from where the fight initially began, as both refused to give any ground and whenever one of them did have to temporarily retreat, they made sure to swiftly retaliate, evening the score.

If you encounter this narrative on Amazon, note that it's taken without the author's consent. Report it.

At this level of power, both would already be considered beings near the pinnacle of the multiverse.

The realm of Godqueen and Godking had, for many years, been viewed as the limits of godhood. It was known as the limit because that was the realm that the Primordials managed to reach by the time other gods also rose – at least, this is what was estimated. No one truly knew.

All they did know was that it would take several eras for someone to break through the ceiling that was the Tenth Circle. Once more, history was very unclear as to who was first. All that was clear was that several of the top figures did it at roughly the same time, reaching a level beyond regular godhood.

Even reaching the Tenth Circle was something most gods would never be able to do, even if they were immortal. Well, perhaps one should never say never, but for some, it was an insurmountable task they didn’t even try to attempt.

Perhaps they didn’t have the foundation, or maybe they lacked the work ethic. Many gods also became far more averse to risk upon attaining immortality. Time no longer being a threat made many treat time as the infinite resources it was and would never be in a rush to do anything, especially not when rushing and taking risks was the one thing that could actually kill them.

All of this was part of why Yip of Yore was such a legendary figure in the multiverse... because within a single era, he had not only managed to become a Godking, he’d managed to go beyond that realm, and not just by a single step.

After clashing another few times, Yip flew back a little. No real harm had been done to him thus far, though he did have a few signs of damage taken here and there. Opposite him flew the Malefic Viper, his simple robe now mostly broken but his scaled body unmarked.

Yip looked at the Viper for a few moments before smiling and looking toward the sky.

“You know, I find it a bit funny... when I ascended to godhood, I would only hear whispers of those legendary figures who’d managed to go beyond the Circles of Divinity. They were spoken of like truly mythical individuals that one couldn’t ever reach,” Yip said, looking almost nostalgic.

“Back then, I was skeptical, but having no better way of knowing, I believed all those who said these things. Why wouldn’t I? The few gods I interacted with then were in awe whenever they were even in the presence of a high-tier god, much less a Godking or Godqueen. They were only telling the truth from their perspective... which is why it was so odd,” Yip continued talking as he looked at the Viper.

“If it was described as so hard by everyone... why was it so effortless for me?” Yip asked rhetorically with a smile. “I reached the so-called wall quickly. I saw the wall. Felt it. And then I made it crumble before me and stepped into the next realm. Was it harder than forming another Circle? Perhaps, but only slightly.”

Vilastromoz let him brag as he spoke, knowing he was telling the truth. Again, Yip was the most talented individual to ever reach godhood for a good reason. He also held the record as the one to progress through the Circles of Divinity the fastest. Now the only question was... how far had he actually gone past the realm of Godking?

Yip of Yore’s power began to grow as his aura spiked. The world around him began to slowly twist as he released more and more energy, the Viper finding himself forced to respond in kind as he, too, surpassed the realm of Godking to match his foe.

Their auras clashed in the sky, and for the very first time, neither held back from infusing said aura with energy as they didn’t have to consider killing any mortals or weaker gods. The green aura matched the silvery one of Yip of Yore, tearing holes in space as both were roughly equally matched, having both taken a single step beyond the Circles of Divinity.

“Am I correct to assume you weren’t that far off this level of power when you went into your isolation all those eras ago?” Yip of Yore asked with a smirk.

“Not quite there,” the Viper responded coldly.

“Ah, but we’re not far off, I feel,” Yip said confidently. “Either way, I look forward to seeing how strong you truly are. I know you’ve grown even during your isolation and that we are still far from your limit. Then again, neither am I. Let’s not disappoint one another by failing to keep up too soon, alright?”

“You talk way too much,” Vilastromoz scoffed.

“Ah, but you allow me to, don’t pretend you aren’t,” Yip just grinned. “I personally find it more pleasant for the final moments of one of us not being filled with meaningless silence but a bit of banter. It gives them more meaning and adds more to the legend. I also know you obviously care about this fight as we try to figure out who has the highest ceiling in power. I almost feel like I’m being evaluated here for you to see if I’m worthy. Of course, the question still remains if I’m being evaluated to see if I’m worthy of being the one to kill you or worthy of being killed by you.”

Remaining silent, the Viper simply raised his hand and pointed a finger toward Yip of Yore as his hand began to glow green.

Yip’s eyes opened wide as he dodged to the side, only for where he had just been to implode as space shattered, and for a brief moment, one could glimpse the void on the other side. Seeing this, Yip grinned and responded in kind as he charged the Viper with energy revolving around him.

The concept of probability gathered as he punched. Vilastromoz tried to raise his hand to block but was unable to as if his actions were delayed by some unseen force. He was struck head-on, sending him flying back, Yip of Yore giving chase.

He teleported to appear right above the Viper, only to be met by a beam of malefic light, shooting him upwards as he blocked the blow... at least it looked like that for a moment, before reality warped. Yip of Yore avoided the beam as his teleport now no longer had him appear above but at the Viper’s side, allowing him to launch another shockwave of force, blowing back the Primordial yet again.

Yip of Yore prepared to follow up, but a curtain of dark green energy stopped him in his tracks as he nearly flew through it. The remnant energy entering it when he abruptly stopped was instantly turned to nothingness, and even if Yip dodged, he was still slightly affected and had to back away.

The Viper stopped himself as he raised a hand, a magic circle appearing behind him as magic manifested. Countless streams of energy were summoned that shot toward the other god, making him block or dodge all of them. Yip tried to counter, but the Viper went fully on the offensive as he deployed his magic to pressure his opponent. One had to remember that the Malefic Viper wasn’t a close-range melee fighter but was more of a mage than anything else. A master of magic, if you will.

For a moment, the Viper had the advantage once more as the two of them kept growing in power despite having already surpassed the Circles of Divinity. It was more gradual now, but with how impactful every Step was at this stage, the actual increase was substantial as they were closing in on the second Step.

The second they passed it, both had another massive increase in power as the scope of their battle increased. Now, things began to actually deal a bit of damage to the two of them.

Who had the advantage was constantly shifting, but throughout, the Viper was the one who mostly set the tempo. He was the one increasing his own level of power displayed with Yip simply matching him at all times. At some point, either the Viper would become unable to keep pulling out more hidden power or Yip would become unable to keep up, but both were not yet there.

Even as they entered the Third Step, both were able to continue fighting with roughly equal power. However, after another few clashes were both traded injuries, Yip once more took a step back and spoke.

“Things are finally getting a bit more serious, eh?” he asked casually. “With that in mind, let’s change things up a little...”

With those words, a sword appeared in his hand as the aura of the weapon filled the cosmos, actually forcing the Viper to take a step back, and not just because of the power inherent to the weapon, but the nature of that power.

In the same vein that some concepts opposed one another – such as how light countered dark – this sword held innate power that directly opposed the Malefic Viper’s. It was tailored to counter him and would, in simpler terms, be considered super effective against the Malefic Viper.

To counter, the Malefic Viper also pulled out a weapon of his own. He brought out an ancient-looking wooden staff with metal bindings covering its body, and at its head was a dark green orb with a faint glow that managed to push back the sword’s aura in the Viper’s immediate surroundings.

So far, the battle had been one where probing was the sole intent, neither able to do any meaningful damage to the other party... a dynamic that was now about to change.




***
Chapter 1014: The Malefic Viper vs Yip of Yore (2)


***






Weapons were useful tools for not only mortals but gods alike. One also had to remember that upon becoming a god, one went through a fundamental change. No matter if one was a monster, enlightened, or anything else before achieving godhood, all gods shared certain circumstances after evolving.

One of those was the ability to use weapons and many forms of equipment or tools. A mortal dragon wouldn’t be able to wield a staff the same way a human would, but an ascended human and dragon god would both be able to wield a staff on equal terms.

This resulted in weapons being incredibly important in the realm of godhood. Artifacts of legend were born based on the weapons gods used, with some of the most famous being the hammer of the Starseizing Titan and the axe of Valdemar. Of course, the use of weapons did assume the god fought using a humanoid form in the first place.

Another common trait among divine weapons was their tie to the god using them. Gods nearly always took an active role in the crafting process of their weapon, used a powerful Soulbound weapon they’d ascended alongside with, or even crafted the weapon entirely on their own. The reasons for this were multitude but could be boiled down to making a weapon that truly fit one as a god, and the more a god wielded a weapon, the more powerful they tended to be as the Records and bond improved.

The weapons pulled out by the Malefic Viper and Yip of Yore were both fully-fledged godly weapons worthy of being called weapons of myth. The staff wielded by Vilastromoz was made from roots gifted by Yggdrasil, metals taken from forbidden realms, and an orb from a Godking-level elemental god he’d corrupted using his malefic affinity before slaying many eras ago, the item only having been refined in the eras since.

Opposite, Yip of Yore wielded a weapon he simply named the Hero Sword. It was a weapon he’d recrafted several times and been in his possession ever since he was still a mortal, with the latest recraft coming shortly before his battle with the Viper. Each recraft specialized the sword, with the latest major one coming when he briefly battled the Starseizing Titan, managing to land a cut on the most durable of all Primordials.

At least, everyone assumed that was the latest recraft. However, it appeared that it had undergone yet another one, empowering the weapon further with the sole goal of making it more powerful against the Malefic Viper. It had been fed the Records of Yip of Yore’s legend. The conceptual energy he’d gathered throughout his conquest to face the Malefic Viper, and as he lifted the blade toward the Viper, there was no doubt who was holding the superior weapon between them.

“Nice staff,” Yip said, an undertone of sarcasm. “Looks old. I’m almost surprised it hasn’t turned rotten yet.”

“Your weapon certainly is impressive, I can admit that,” the Viper shot back as he smirked on his own. “I do find the name of your weapon laughable, though. Hero Sword? You? A hero? Do people even know its true origin?”

“Do you?” Yip of Yore asked with some level of surprise, though he clearly expected Vilastromoz not to. While much of Yip’s history was known, there were also many unknowns, primarily because the god whose Blessing he held while a mortal had been part of the Pantheon Yip of Yore had later annihilated, in the process also erasing much knowledge of his earlier years. All that now remained was the knowledge of his multiversal accomplishments that happened on larger stages.

“What is the story you tell about the sword? Oh yes, that it was handed to you by your long-term friend and rival. A gift from him just before he died. Truly a tearjerker that one, though I prefer the story of what actually happened between you two,” the Viper smiled. “Altius the Blade... a talent that many compared you to in your mortal days. Your competitor in Nevermore and many other system events. You two were really close back then, I hear. It’s truly a shame that happened.”

Now, it was Yip’s turn to be quiet as he looked at the Malefic Viper with a cold gaze. In some ways, Altius could be called the Jake to Yip of Yore’s Ell’Hakan, except they didn’t have the same kind of antagonistic relationship primarily created by their gods being in conflict. If the Viper and Yip didn’t have this entire conflict, Vilastromoz couldn’t help but wonder what kind of relationship Jake and Ell’Hakan would have... though he still didn’t believe it would be a positive one.

“From what I remember, Altius was always more of a fighter than you. A better fighter. He was a prodigy with any bladed weapon, and if a system event revolved around combat, he would come out on top nearly every time. However, in the realm of politics and scheming, he was an absolute novice. Luckily, he had you,” Vilastromoz continued, ignoring Yip’s glare.

“You followed him. Helped him. In turn, he helped you, which is why I find it so damn weird...” the Viper smiled, tilting his head. “Why did you kill him, take his sword, and act the hero afterward? Did you view him as too big of a threat? Or was it perhaps jealousy?”

“Such confident words despite knowing nothing,” Yip said, his joking demeanor gone.

“Ah, but I do know,” the Viper smiled. “I also know that the only reason you beat Altius in Nevermore was because you fucked him over. I know you only killed him because he trusted you. You’re not a damn hero; you’re just an actor who would gladly kill the real heroes of the world to make yourself look better.”

“I guess you’re not called the Keeper of Forbidden Knowledge for nothing... or was it Keeper of Forgotten Knowledge? Doesn’t matter either way,” Yip shook his head. “What are you trying to accomplish by showing off your knowledge? Destabilize my legend? Ruin my story? You should know as well as anyone it’s way too late for that.”

“I’m aware,” the Viper nodded. “I just wanted to make sure you didn’t actually begin to think yourself a hero. You, whose entire legend is built on lies and deceit and the shoulders of your betters.”

“Lies, truths, deceit, honesty, does any of those words truly mean anything? Reality is what we perceive. It’s what we believe. Records are nothing but the memories of the system, and all living beings are part of the system... so who is to say what we remember to be true isn’t the actual truth?” Yip said with confidence.

“Who’s to say? Well, maybe someone with a transcendent memory. Someone who knows objective truths, even if every other being in the multiverse forgets,” the Viper shook his head and smiled.

“Someone like that would truly be annoying and worth getting rid of as they wouldn’t be good for anything besides ruining good stories,” Yip returned with his own sininster smile, and without any warning, he swung his blade.

The Viper wasn’t ready and failed to completely dodge the sneak attack as a crescent line was cut through the sky. His shoulder was injured, the energy blade cutting straight through his scales like nothing.

Twisting his body to avoid any potential follow-ups, the Viper unleashed a barrage of magic upon his foe from his staff, the sky instantly being filled with a green sheen as thousands of streaming lines of malefic light. Before these attacks even had a chance to land, the Viper infused the staff once more as he pointed it toward the ground of the Great Planet below.

A case of literary theft: this tale is not rightfully on Amazon; if you see it, report the violation.

Yip of Yore’s blade vibrated for a moment as every streamer in the sky was cut apart by silver light. However, the attack from the Viper did its job as Yip was slightly too slow at reacting when a microscopic needle-like stone shot up from far below, piercing his foot. Several hundred more of these small needles also flew toward him, but he was swift enough to dodge every other one as he charged toward the Viper to get in melee.

Teleporting back, the Viper tried to keep his distance as he unleashed several more attacks. Yip, in turn, continued attacking, the Primordial simply unable to keep up with every blow as he found himself unmatched in pure offensive might... which was totally fine for the Viper. He never planned on winning through regular attacks, after all.

Throughout the battle, the malefic presence of the Viper bathed the world and any being in it. He was poison incarnate, and through willpower and presence alone, anything and everything in his vicinity would be infected and slowly corrupted.

That is to say, Yip of Yore was constantly infected simply by being there. The poison was subtle and slow, seeping into the other god with every passing moment, laying dormant within him. Any interaction he had with the Viper also only served to poison him further. Striking the VIper with the sword resulted in malefic energy invading the body of Yip, and the Viper had taken quite a bit of damage. There was simply no escape, and the longer the fight continued, the bigger an advantage the Viper would have.

Even as they continued to increase their power level, the effect would linger. Despite having pulled out weapons, that didn’t mean either was at their apex yet, just that the time for doing actual damage had come. The poison inflicted now mattered, and the blows Yip landed on the Viper would slowly dwindle away the Primordial’s resource pools.

From the very beginning, the Viper had only focused on infecting Yip of Yore with poison, and every attack was laced with the most powerful venoms the Malefic Viper could produce at his current level of power at the time.

Everything Vilastromoz was doing built up to one crucial moment that would come when he finally approached the peak of his power. One moment where he would unleash all the toxic energy that infected Yip of Yore at once.

This was effectively how he’d killed the Brimstone Hedgemon back then. The poisonous energy from the Viper’s presence had been enough to poison the Divine Realm of the god quickly and sufficiently enough for Touch to have something to amplify and bite unto.

Yip of Yore was far, far stronger than the Brimstone Hedgemon, so the Viper needed to build up enough toxins in the god’s body before he would activate it. If not, he risked wasting all his preparations.

The fight continued with the Viper on the defensive as he tried to minimize damage as much as possible, but for every attack he landed, he took three in return. To make matters worse, every strike from Yip dealt significant damage, far more than any other regular blow of a weapon would.

A god’s body was just a vessel of pure energy. Destroying it would not mean the instant death of a god, but it would consume their energy to regenerate. Usually, the Viper taking damage wouldn’t bother him much, but that sword left injuries not so easily healed. Its conceptual power simply countered the Malefic Viper too much, the Hero Sword a weapon made to smite evil, and currently, the Viper was the greatest evil in existence.

However, as long as he could keep up with the escalating power level, things would be fine. By now, they’d already surpassed the realm of the Boundless Hydra and most of the figures who weren’t truly at the peak of their major factions in the multiverse. The Viper felt that it wouldn’t be long before he had no more reserves to pull on, and when that time came, it would be time to strike.

Time passed as this moment grew ever-close, and Yip of Yore closed in once more, aiming to land a solid blow. Reality warped as his blade seemed like it was coming from every direction simultaneously, and the Viper chose to use this opening where Yip was focused on offense to strike.

Without any warning, he unleashed all his latent energy as the crystal ball at the end of his staff exploded, sending out a wave of pure toxic energy that had been festering for several eras. The wave destroyed all the sword auras and struck the unprepared Yip of Yore, washing over him, making the entire front of his body begin to rot and turn gray and dead instantly as the powerful malefic affinity permeated his body. Even the sky and a massive swat of land below were left desolate and colorless wherever the wave had passed, and had this been the real world, energy would more than likely never return.

At the same time, the Viper didn’t let up as he raised his hand toward Yip, with his entire body burning with power and the hand glowing a familiar dark green.

“Touch of the Malefic Viper,” Vilastromoz spoke, infusing the skill with Words of Power to further amplify it.

He took hold of all the poison he’d infected Yip of Yore with during their entire battle and brought it all to life while amplifying it. A dark light lit up the sky and enveloped Yip of Yore’s body, corrupting and corroding everything. Even as he tried to use his skills and concepts to nullify the Viper’s attack, those concepts ended up simply adding fuel to the fire as they, too, were corrupted and eliminated.

Channeling even more power into the skill, the Malefic Viper pushed himself to his limits as everything all around them began to break down. Space shattered as the concept was destroyed by the malefic light; time felt as if it slowed down, and for a brief moment, the world was still.

Then, the Viper felt something... a hint of poison hidden deep within Yip of Yore. Poison the Viper recognized but could no longer control. Poison that had once been his but had been claimed, and just as that realization struck, a loud crack sounded out.

A vertical cut split the malefic light apart as it struck the surprised Malefic Viper. Blood splurted out as he was cut across the chest, and the outstretched hand channeling Touch was severed at the wrist. Scales shattered in the process as the Malefic Viper stumbled back, his hand falling toward the ground below, but he didn’t have time to focus on any of that.

He looked up with wide eyes and saw the light slowly fade as Yip of Yore walked forward, his entire body rotting and corrupted from the overwhelming amount of poison, with all but one limb gone, only half a head left, and likely less than a fifth of his total body mass remaining. However, within seconds, he began to rapidly heal as the Viper felt the poison lose its effect at a far too rapid pace.

“Are you surprised?” Yip asked despite his jaw not even having fully regenerated yet. “You shouldn’t be... you helped me accomplish this.”

The body of Yip healed more as his bare chest was shown, and on his body, a clear dark green handprint appeared, glowing dark green.

“You remember the little parting gift you gave me last we met, right? Well, to me, it truly was a gift. An unforgettable and invaluable opportunity,” Yip smiled, his body now nearly entirely fully healed as the poison in his body was eliminated.

“I relived that moment of infection... re-experienced it over and over again. Whenever it faded in power, I revived the story to be infused again and again as I slowly began to understand. Understand and make countermeasures as my body and soul adapted. For years now, I have lived infected with your poison, having built a tolerance that makes me near-immune. Seriously, did you really think your poison was anywhere near enough to stop me, let alone kill me?” Yip of Yore said in a mocking tone.

“I wanted you to infect me back then, and you played right into my hands. Perhaps you thought you were the one that had gotten one over me, as the poison allowed you to always keep track of where I was, no matter where I went in the multiverse. Oh yes, I understood that aspect of the poison, too. Now, I will give credit where credit is due; that was quite the attack, and without my preparations, I would not be doing that good right now... but I did prepare,” he continued as whatever remnants of the poison in his body dispersed for good.

The Malefic Viper assessed his own situation, knowing things weren’t good, far from it. It wasn’t that he was weaker than the current Yip of Yore... it was that Yip of Yore walked a Path that directly countered whatever the Viper did. The Primordial was like a fire mage facing a flame elemental that had trained against his particular brand of flames beforehand while wielding being able to use powerful water magic. Meanwhile, the Viper had nothing besides more fire spells – or poisons, in this instance. As things were looking, he had nothing.

At least he didn’t have anything else in his current form...

“If that failed...” the Viper sighed. “I guess we’ll have to change things up.”

With those words, he took a step forward as his body began to morph. The small humanoid body changed from that of a mage to the creature known as the apex of magic, and he assumed a form he hadn’t in a long time as wings sprung from his back, his hands turned into claws, and a tale grew, his aura growing alongside his physical bulk.

Yip of Yore looked on with a serious gaze as he prepared himself, a sly smile forming on his lips, as the “hero” prepared to face off against the evil dragon god.




***
Chapter 1015: The Malefic Viper vs Yip of Yore (3)


***






The aura of the Malefic Viper grew to new heights as he assumed his full dragon form. Yip took a few steps back, assessing the situation as the Viper finished his transformation from a small regular-sized humanoid into a nearly hundred-meter-long dragon. The injuries he’d suffered during the fight prior were mostly healed upon transformation as Vilastromoz’s vibe changed entirely.

Spreading his wings, space shook, and Yip raised his blade, ready to defend. Just in time, too, as magic gathered, filling the sky with orbs of malefic energy, which were promptly sent flying toward Yip of Yore.

He dodged and blocked most, using his concept to nullify whatever damage he did take. With his seeming immunity to poisons, the Viper changed things up and focused solely on doing damage using more regular means... regular means in his book, that is.

The malefic affinity wasn’t solely one of poison. It was one of corruption. While Yip could certainly raise his resistance to poison, he couldn’t resist corruption, for corruption didn’t have one unifying concept.

To the Malefic Viper, corruption was merely another word for transmutation, albeit an a bit more extreme variant. To corrupt something was to change it somehow, often for the worse, at least from the perspective of the changed entity. It was change without care about stability, forced upon the entity it was used on.

The most common form of corruption the Viper used was in the form of poisons. Poisons were energy that systematically wanted to cause harm, as that was what it was programmed to do. In many ways, corruption and poison were one and the same in many instances, but corruption had a far wider scope.

Another form of common corruption was desolation. Perhaps, to some, this was the ultimate expression of something being corrupted. To be emptied entirely of energy, making it hollow and unable to house anything ever again if made desolate for too long.

The malefic affinity was a fusion of all these concepts and more. It was a pinnacle-tier affinity primarily due to its extreme level of complexity, but that complexity also gave it many use cases. It could be applied in more places and more situations... and Yip was far from fully comprehending its true scope.

Something that was brilliantly displayed when he dodged two blows and tried to nullify the impact of the third by relying on the precedence that he was able to dodge the attacks through his concept.

However, rather than nullify the third blow, he was struck head-on, his eyes opening wide in genuine surprise. Even more so when a massive fang of pure magic descended from above, slamming into him and pinning him to the Great Planet below as a crater on an astronomical scale formed.

Not letting up, the Viper attacked again, but Yip managed to dodge as he teleported away, still leaving him with a giant hole straight through his chest that was quickly healing. It didn’t heal as fast as the god probably expected, though.

He glanced at the Viper with confusion, but all he got as an answer was another barrage of attacks that didn’t act how Yip expected them to, putting him on the back foot. Not losing his momentum at all, the Viper upped the pressure, truly unleashing every shred of power available to him.

By now, they’d well and truly surpassed a level even the Boundless Hydra could keep up with. It was a battle where Godkings would find themselves instantly killed, and the damage to their surroundings reached a new high.

If they hadn’t been battling on a Great Planet, there wouldn’t be anything left anywhere around them in a vast radius. Galaxies would have crumbled, planets would be nothing but invisible cosmic dust, and all the stars would have been blown out like candles in a hurricane.

What’s more, due to the Viper being part of the fight, this damage would have left the entire area dead and barren for eras to come, if not permanently. If Yip of Yore hadn’t used a Void Sphere at the pinnacle tier, it wouldn’t have been able to hold up either, and the temporary dimension would have shattered, sending them both back to the real world.

Luckily, none of that happened, even as the Viper launched attack after attack toward the struggling Yip of Yore, who was trying to constantly adapt in vain. His confusion soon began to turn to realization after he’d taken significant damage.

“You’re... poisoning my energy? No... concept? More than that...?” he said, perplexed as his skill failed to activate once more, leading to his arm being sent flying. He tried to heal it, but the arm didn’t reappear instantly like it normally would.

“Laws... you’re corrupting laws?” Yip continued speaking out loud, doing so very purposefully. He wasn’t asking the Viper, but the world itself and his own abilities. He was searching for confirmation through speaking theories into the world, looking for signs of truth from the theories he spouted.

Vilastromoz saw no need to confirm or deny anything as he pushed Yip into a corner while working his magic to unleash even larger attacks. Throughout, he’d also been charging a special little something Yip was sure to appreciate.

As their battle continued, they had long moved from where they originally fought, no longer caring about losing ground to the other party. They passed over deserts spanning the width of several galaxies, and a single claw swipe infused with energy tore up a jungle capable of housing even god-tier creatures.

Yip retaliated where he could, his sword blows creating now long fissures whenever they hit the ground below, redirecting rivers that moved more water every second than Earth even had several thousand times over, or creating canyons so deep a human before the system could fall into one and die of old age before reaching the bottom.

Pushing toward the northern end of the planet, Yip finally seemed to reach an adequate level of understanding of what the Malefic Viper was doing, once more proving he truly was worthy of the title of supreme genius.

“You corrupt the very laws that govern logic,” Yip said in a genuinely astonished voice. “You realized you couldn’t poison me directly, so you poisoned the world around me. Damaged the laws my concepts relied on, making my skills unstable. Even simple laws, such as how fast one can regenerate, were subtly affected... I didn’t even know that was possible without entering the realm of Transcendent Skills.”

Yip had indeed hit the nail on the head, and as he spoke this truth into reality, his entire presence seemed to solidify all around him. He smiled gleefully at his realization, his power growing slightly in the process.

“Amazing... truly amazing,” he said with praise. “However, the energy consumption must be immense. Far more than if you only had to target my body.”

Once more, he’d hit the nail on the head, and the Viper wasn’t just going this hard on the offensive because he had the momentum but because he had to. He would run out of energy faster than Yip unless he could continually do substantial damage, and while he had certainly done a lot... it wasn’t enough.

Upon realizing what the Viper did, Yip began to counter it. He only had to accomplish a feat once, and passively, he would be able to do it far more easily in the future due to his innate abilities, and he made liberal use of his fact as the tables turned once more.

Despite having been injured significantly, Yip attacked with newfound fervor, the Viper being pushed back once again. With both of them having seemingly reached their limits of power, neither held anything back as each unleashed dozens of skills upon one another, as they continued to travel around the utterly massive Great Planet.

Through the Forest of Titans, leaving trees the size of solar systems piled like timber, down into the ground where entire sections of the Great Planet’s mantle collapsed as earthquakes began to rock the continents and even into space where there was nothing but wayward asteroids which were swiftly reduced to dust before they even had a chance to get close.

The Viper was constantly on the back foot, yes, but he refused to give up as he kept up the fight, leaving plenty of wounds on his opponent. At this point in the fight, Yip had several black spots all over his body where his newfound poison “immunity” proved to not quite make him immune anyway, and while he did avoid taking any soul injuries, his body remained a mess as the Viper continued to hamper the universal law of regeneration all around Yip.

Admittedly, the Viper was far worse off. Both of his wings had been severed at this point, alongside his tail and one hind leg that simply wasn’t worth wasting the energy to regenerate. Both of them had spent untold amounts of energy, and the Great Planet was left a mess worth recording in the history books of the multiverse. The damage was great enough to destabilize huge sections of it as the Planetary Core tried to address the pandemonium that unfolded, failing at every turn as even the atmosphere was shattered at times.

Both gods knew the fight was approaching its zenith, and Yip was fully aware the Viper was the one who had to make a large move if he wanted to try and grasp victory from the jaws of defeat. As they clashed several more times, the Viper was looking for this opening, with Yip trying not to give any, but in a move that showed the Viper’s superior experience in combat, he managed to finally get this chance.

More than two hours earlier, when they passed by the exact same section of the Great Planet, the Viper had left a trap, and as they flew past, Yip was taken by surprise as half a dozen complex magic circles activated in the sky, creating a seal all around him.

Below him, the Viper was ready, knowing he had less than a second to make his move. For hours, he had been charging and preparing an attack that was known to surpass grades. One that used a concept Yip of Yore had not made prior preperations against facing whatsoever.

Opening his maw, the Viper breathed in and, without further warning, unleashed all the saved-up energy in an instant. The Dragon’s Breath of a god erupted from his maw, sending out a shockwave that sundered half a content on the Great Planet simply by being near the Malefic Viper.

Yip saw the Breath as he roared, a glimpse of genuine fear marring his face. His entire body erupted with power as he broke free of the seal by releasing whatever power he still kept hidden and swung his sword to meet the Breath that took the form of a massive dark green beam.

Energy washed over him as the Viper kept going, the Breath continuing for nearly ten full seconds while fully enveloping Yip of Yore. As the beam slowly faded, all that was left where it had passed was pure nothingness. It wasn’t even void energy anymore... it was a far more fundamental extinction of existence.

The universe struggled to repair itself as a line of nothingness had been drawn across the cosmos, sucking in energy from all around as the natural laws tried – and failed – to fill the gap and make the world whole once more.

Vilastromoz stared up at the sky, slowly closing his maw as his body felt empty of energy. He had overextended himself significantly with an attack that would usually be able to kill a being several tiers above himself, one that even Valdemar had failed to block once upon a time, resulting in one of the times the Viper had won a duel against the Primordial.

Several moments passed, and there was no sign of Yip of Yore anywhere. Yet there was no notification either. Glancing about and sending out a wave of energy to feel for his opponent, the Viper searched for the other god for several seconds until, finally, he saw it.

A small blip appeared far away, walking toward him through space. His stride was slow but measured, and as the Viper saw the gleam from the sword, he knew... his final attack had failed.

Yip came closer, and as he did, the Viper also felt the aura he gave off, and he couldn’t help but sigh.

“You still had another Step before you reached your peak...” the Primordial said.

“If I didn’t, that one would have killed me,” Yip said, his body finally coming into sight, revealing that the entire left side was gray and black, devoid of energy, and his limbs hung uselessly down as his face slumped. Half of his Soulshape had even been destroyed, and the damage would likely never heal unless he got some outside help... and even so, it would take thousands of years at a minimum using any semi-regular means. “Nearly still did... but a hero doesn’t fall that easily, now does he?”

Trying to buy some time, the Viper spoke again. “That won’t heal quickly, that’s for sure.”

“Oh, I don’t really know about that,” Yip smiled as he raised his sword again and began flying toward the Viper despite only being able to move half of his body. “I might just-“

Without giving Yip any chance, the Viper opened his mouth once more and unleashed a second Dragon’s Breath immediately, drawing on the very last fumes of energy he had left. It was far weaker than before, but Yip was still taken by surprise. Yet he responded far better as he yelled and pointed his sword forward as a maelstrom of energy formed and rather than retreat, he accelerated.

The maelstrom and the Breath met one another as the sky erupted, and for a moment, they looked evenly matched until Yip’s superior level of power won out. The Breath was split in half as Yip descended upon the Viper, and before the Primordial could react, he was stabbed through the chest as the two of them crashed down onto the Great Planet.

A massive crater formed, the impact powerful enough to make the entire planet move slightly downward and for hundreds of massive caves throughout the mantle to collapse as an indent formed on the sphere.

As the dust settled, the scene at the center of the crater was revealed, showing the Viper now back in his humanoid form, the sword stabbing him through the center of his chest, and Yip standing over him, still slumping and looking tired.

Yet, at this moment, they both knew that a victor had been decided.

“Before... you talked about why I killed Altius... but it seems like you didn’t know the full truth,” Yip said with a struggle as he smiled painfully while standing over the Viper, his sword pinning the Primordial down, emanating energy that made it impossible for Vilastromoz to move.

“So let me enlighten you... trust me, it’ll be relevant shortly. Our first real conflict started in Nevermore and only got worse after that... because he did better than me there,” Yip smiled, the Viper’s eyes opening in confusion.

“You were right. I was jealous. He topped the damn Leaderboards, and with every other event, he only got further and further ahead... he always took the best titles, the best rewards, the best items, the best everything! I was forever in second, never in first,” Yip said, the look in his eyes now almost fanatical.

“You... that isn’t what-“ the Viper tried to say as Yip pushed the sword down even harder.

“Seems even you have your flaws. Then again, you can only remember something you learned about in the first place,” Yip said with a sinister smile. “Envy is a powerful emotion, you know? So powerful it can make one do crazy things... and have crazy enlightenment.”

Yip made sure that the Viper saw him as he let go of his sword and raised his hand. On it, a ring was revealed. “Another little secret I don’t think you knew about. This ring is quite special. I got it during a system event I did together with Altius. The one he died in. The one I killed him in... and at the end, one could ask the system for a custom reward, and I asked for this, genuinely surprised when it was granted. The thing is, my method of killing Altius wasn’t simple, but indeed one born out of pure envy when I realized he would be number one in yet another event, and in that moment, I snapped... and my envy became power.”

The ring on his finger slowly slid off, and then it did; a new kind of aura flooded the area. One that made the Viper’s eyes open wide. “You...”

“Truly generous of the system to grant a ring hiding one’s identity as a Transcendent,” Yip said triumphantly. “Oh, but don’t think I hid it because I’m embarrassed by it; quite the opposite. It does have quite an annoying cost, but that won’t be any issue of yours, and compared to the gains, it’s more than worth it.”

Yip raised his hand as it began to glow with a Transcendent Light. “Considering my theory three, it has quite the poetic name... Usurper of Legends. It allows me to not merely mimic your Records but steal them entirely and take a part of your legend. You see, never once did I plan on only becoming the first Primordial Slayer... why do that when I can steal your title of Primordial for myself and be both!?”

With those words, Yip formed a clawed hand before he slammed it down into the Viper’s chest, shattering all the scales in the way as he grasped the heart of the Primordial. Transcendent power flooded the Viper’s body in an instant as Yip greedily began absorbing everything he could.

Struggling, the Malefic Viper tried to fight back, but it was in vain. He had nothing left, and as Yip gave a final push, everything came to an end. The Primordial’s struggle stopped, and a flood of Records began streaming into Yip of Yore as the notification came

*You have slain [The Malefic Viper…

An untold rush of power made Yip only briefly confirm the notification as he reveled in the feeling, and as he continued to grow, the levels coming in like a tide, Yip’s body also began to recover.

The injuries left by the Viper healed, his soul was restored, and as the Transcendent Skill was coming to an end, Yip felt himself nearly progress yet another level… take another Step as he ascended even further. He would be able to shortly, especially with the new title he was waiting to get.

However… to Yip’s bemusement, the title never came. He felt the flood of Records he’d absorbed, and he tried to condense them and form the title he desired from them, but no matter what he did, something was missing.

“Are you saying I can’t take that title?” Yip muttered as he looked down at the Viper’s corpse… finding it looking weird. His body had sagged in an odd fashion, and through the hole in his chest, there was no flesh or blood visible anywhere. In fact, he now just looked like an empty husk... no, worse than that, a Viper-shaped bag of skin and scales.

Almost like…

That… isn’t…

Yip froze, unable to move, and as the color of the world faded into a sheen of dark green, he fearfully glanced at the full kill notification.

[The Malefic Viper (Dragon Molt)]




***
Chapter 1016: The Wall


***






Minaga was working on some ideas for the labyrinth in the next era, trying to find a balance between familiar challenges and adding just enough of a difference that it wouldn’t be too similar. He definitely had a few new great inventions to test and a lot of additional safety measures he had to work on implementing after a certain someone had dominated the floors and Challenge Dungeon both.

However, recently, even someone like him who had quite a heads available to take his mind off things found himself distracted. Seeing as wasting a few months wasn’t a big deal. He’d paused most things as he watched with interest the happenings in the first universe, spending a lot of time with the Wyrmgod, who, while interested, clearly wasn’t as into it as Minaga.

Which, let’s be honest, was really weird as the Viper was his fellow Primordial, and they were clearly on friendly terms based on what happened when Jake did Nevermore. Alas, perhaps the Wyrmgod was just trying to play it cool... at least Minaga thought this until the Wyrmgod barely blinked when Yip of Yore unleashed the Void Sphere and sealed the two within their own separate Void Dimension for the final showdown.

Before that, all the other stuff with Jake that had gone down seemed to have interested the Wyrmgod far more, but now that the finale was there, he began to turn his gaze to other matters... at which point Minaga couldn’t help but question his long-term colleague and friend.

“Hey... shouldn’t you, you know, care a little?” Minaga asked. “Your old pal is fighting the top rising star to ever reach godhood, and stuff really isn’t looking good for the Malefic Viper right now... he’s strong, yes, but...”

The Wyrmgod seemed almost surprised at the question as he thought for a moment. “How well do you know Vilas?”

“Admittedly, not very well,” Minaga shrugged. “Tended to stay out of his way most of the time. Still, neither of us really knows Yip of Yore either. In fact, what we do know makes him a lot more dangerous than others believe he is. We saw Altius beat him back then until one day, they switched places on the Leaderboards with no one finding it weird or questioning it at all... that level of reality and perception manipulation is of a Transcendent nature, yet he doesn’t have the aura of a Transcendent. He has a lot of hidden cards is what I’m saying.”

“I acknowledge Yip of Yore’s powers and prowess,” the Wyrmgod nodded. “But I also know Vilas.”

Minaga remained skeptical as he sighed. “I’m just saying that things don’t always go according to plan, not even for the Viper.”

The Wyrmgod seemed in thought for a moment before he asked. “Do you believe you could beat Yip of Yore?”

“Me as in me, or me as in many mes?” Minaga asked.

“You, as in all of you,” the Wyrmgod clarified.

“Probably? It wouldn’t be easy to kill him, and if he is the one coming after me, it will definitely be annoying, but I also don’t see any realistic scenario where he is capable of defeating me. Well, alright, he can defeat me a lot of times, but not enough times for it to matter if you get my drift,” Minaga shrugged with a cheeky smile.

“Vilas is the same,” the Wyrmgod said in a tone of certainty. “I also see no realistic scenario where Yip of Yore defeats him, for no matter how long passes, he is still the Malefic Viper.”

Sylphie looked at Jake sitting within his big magic circle, clearly super nervous. Sylphie knew why he was nervous, as Big Snake Man was fighting a bad guy, and because Uncle was nervous, she felt nervous.

Suddenly, Sylphie got a super smart idea, as she closed her eyes on focused mega hard. Valhal – the Brawny Warrior Club – had done so they knew if anyone contacted gods in other places, but they didn’t outright block it, so Sylphie thought it was fine to reach out to Big Bird and ask stuff.

It was a little bit harder than usual, but soon enough, Big Bird responded. Sylphie was only really good enough at talking to Big Bird to ask a few small things, so with that in mind, she asked the most important part first:

“Ree?” she asked ifBig Snake Man would be okay or if Uncle would be sad

“Why you asking?” her Patron and Primordial – so she knew Big Snake Man – Stormild answered in a confused tone.

“Ree...”  Sylphie said, still really bad at talking to Stormild without doing a super big ritual thing to meet beak to beak.

“Oh! That! Let me check... yep, they’re inside the Void Sphere now, so no need to be all secretive, I guess,” Stormild answered, unconcerned. “Anyway, yeah, I’m sure he’s having fun.”

“Ree?” Sylphie asked, still a bit concerned as she pointed out that Yip was supposed to be strong.

“A little, I guess? But he’s fighting Vilas, and against him... yeah, nah, being strong just isn’t enough there. You need to be super strong! Because Vilas is definitely super strong.”

Sylphie heard this and calmed down instantly as she chirped a bit happily to herself. If Big Snake Man was super strong, there was no need to be nervous. Though, looking at Uncle inside his ritual thing, she did feel bad for all the poor people from the Brawny Warrior Club who would end up wasting such a big magic circle...

A similar scene played out all throughout the multiverse, much to the befuddlement of many followers of the Primordials. While the top brass of the factions were carefully observing the happenings on Primordial-4, their leaders seemed far less interested than one would expect.

Their interest seemed purely professional, and there were never any signs of nervousness after Yip of Yore sealed himself with the Malefic Viper using the Void Sphere. One would expect that the Primordials would watch carefully as, potentially, the precedent that the Primordials could fall was about to be set with the Viper’s death... yet they appeared casual about the entire thing.

Few dared ask them about their laissez-faire attitude about the entire thing, but once asked, their answers as to why they seemed so assured things would go according to their expectations tended to boil down to the same sentiment:

He’s the Malefic Viper.

Yip of Yore felt a cold shiver run up his back as the aura of the Malefic Viper bore down on him, and before he had time to react or properly comprehend what was happening, the empty husk below him began to change. He still had his hand inside it as it wrapped around his arm, the rest of the empty skin and scales tearing itself into ribbons, flying up and wrapping itself around much of Yip’s body.

Love what you're reading? Discover and support the author on the platform they originally published on.

He tried to struggle free, but the aura of the Primordial intensified and pressed him down as he fell to his knees, his eyes opening wide in disbelief as he stared toward the sky and saw what looked like a green sun dawn... at least it looked like that until he saw the slit pupil run down its middle.

“I understand it, you know,” the voice of the Malefic One echoed, every word vibrating Yip’s body as the skin from the molt began to tear into and merge with his own.

“The Path is hard. Endless. Yet you are a genius. You walk forward with steady steps, always progressing, always growing stronger, leaving your peers in the dust. As for those who do manage to stand up to you? They are crushed, and a hundred years later, they become nothing more than forgotten memories or nostalgic moments of how weak you once were and how far you’ve come.”

The green eye in the sky only seemed to grow larger, and Yip knew he wasn’t truly looking at the Malefic Viper... merely a phenomenon born of his presence.

“However, all geniuses have one thing in common. All who walk the Path share one fate, one reality... the wall. To a genius, it comes later, but no matter who you are, it’s inevitable,” the Malefic Viper continued, as energy gathered, and from nothingness behind Yip, out walked the Primordial, wearing an untouched robe and unmarked body.

“The later you encounter this wall, the harder you hit it... and you, Yip of Yore, hit it hard,” the Viper continued. “You flew through the grades of mortality like none before you, especially after crushing Altius, the one person who could rival you. You reached S-grade, where many thought you would meet the same fate as other geniuses, falling short of godhood... but in no time, you ascended, breaking more and more records in the process.”

Yip wanted to turn his body and look at the Viper directly, but his body was paralyzed as the molt of the Viper slowly wrapped around his entire body, leaving only his head free. In his heart, he knew struggling was meaningless, and all he could do was listen.

“Through the Circles of Divinity, you went, reaching the realm of Godking and cementing yourself as an apex god. Yet once more, you proved why you were a genius, as not even that proved a true wall, as you condensed your Circles and placed your foot upon the first Empyrean Step.”

The energy from the molt wormed its way into Yip’s entire body as it mixed with whatever he had absorbed using his own Transcendent skill earlier, making a frightening thought enter his mind.

“Step after Step, you ascended further, growing more and more powerful, leaving more and more gods who once looked down on you in the dust. Perhaps you even thought this would go on forever. That you could endlessly ascend and constantly progress. But then... the wall.”

The Malefic Viper teleported and appeared in front of Yip as he looked down at the god.

“It’s horrible. It makes you question where you went wrong and if perhaps your Path was flawed from the very beginning. Many gods resign themselves to their fates when this happens; others accept it and move on with the hope that they can progress once more again in the future. But you... you grew desperate. You couldn’t meet a wall. You’re Yip of Yore! The greatest genius that has ever and will ever be seen! How could you, the apex of existence, encounter a wall!?” the Malefic Viper said in a semi-mocking voice.

“No... no, you had to keep progressing. Had to keep taking risks and prove you were right. That’s where I come in. The ultimate prey. A has-been Primordial, merely coasting along on his old legends... legends worthy of reaping and making your own. I was your ticket to breaking down the wall before you had to truly accept it was even there.”

Yip now just stared at the Viper, the emotion in his eyes hard to read as the Primordial sighed.

“And now... now we’re here. Your recklessness has led you to your current predicament. So tell me, oh hero of legends, was this all worth it to finally break through that wall?”

Yip was silent for several moments as he stared into empty space before he finally spoke, not even fighting the molt that had pretty much fully merged with his body by now. “Since when... since when was I fighting your clone?”

“Clone isn’t quite the right word, but to answer... it’s bold of you to assume you ever fought anything else,” the Viper said in a casual voice as he paused for a moment. “Tell me, Yip, do you know why snakes mold?”

Seeing as the god didn’t look like he would answer, the Viper did it for him. “It’s to replace the old with the new. To rid yourself of something that has served its purpose. My dragon form... that part of myself... it had served its purpose. It’s a representation of what I was, and now I had shed those aspects of myself.”

“From the beginning, huh... I barely beat your discarded skin...” Yip of Yore muttered before he looked up, a glimpse of clarity as a faint smile appeared. “Theory one all along...”

The Viper lessened the pressure around himself as he simply nodded, not even infusing his voice anymore. “Quite so.”

“Was I even close to standing a chance?” Yip continued to ask.

“Not in the slightest,” the Viper said. For a moment, in a display of pity, he released his full aura upon the world. It faded as quickly as it had come, leaving Yip staring.

“So... there was something beyond, huh...” he muttered to himself. “The wall... did you ever...?”

“I’ve overcome it thousands of times,” the Malefic Viper merely said as he kept an eye on the changes happening to Yip of Yore. Irreversible changes the god in question also knew and recognized.

“You planned all this from the beginning, didn’t you?” Yip asked. “I was dancing in the palm of your hand all along...”

“Now you’re overestimating me; I’m not omniscient. Alright, a bit omniscient, but not in the way you're thinking,” the Malefic Viper said jokingly. “I did make some predictions, though, and you did jump in with both legs quite a few times. But to say I planned everything... not quite. I’m just good at adapting where necessary, so I understand how it can all seem predetermined in hindsight.”

“But our first meeting was planned... you wanted me to acclimate to your poison and make it part of myself,” Yip said.

The Viper didn’t deny that as he smiled. “I was merely priming you. Or, well, having you prime yourself. Also, I will admit I only had speculations regarding your Transcendence and took a bit of a gamble on that one, but it worked out quite spectacularly and proved a boon, making the process far more efficient.”

By now, the molt left by the Malefic Viper had fully merged with Yip of Yore, seeping into his soul and body. They had become one, and only Yip’s head above his neck remained his own. He and the Viper both knew it, but for all intends and purposes...

He was already dead.

What the Malefic Viper intended to do was simple enough in concept, and Yip of Yore had been correct in many aspects during his quest against the Primordial. Vilastromoz lacked Records compared to many of his fellow Primordials due to his isolation, and he still relied on his “legends of old,” as Yip had said.

The Viper realized this had to change. He needed “new” Records. Contemporary Records of progress, and of everyone in the entire multiverse, Yip was the poster boy of all this. He was the rising star, the hope of the next generation... he represented momentum incarnate.

Something the Viper dearly needed, and he could now claim.

“As I’m sure you know, I’ve always been more of an alchemist than anything else. Alchemy is, in its essence, the art of transformation. To take Records and energy and turn them from one thing into another, and in a sense, nothing is ever truly lost,” the Viper said, speaking softly. “Death may seem like a frightening thing, but fear not, for you shall not disappear. Your Records will live on through me. No... rather than mourn, be proud that you, Yip of Yore, is perhaps the finest ingredient I have ever obtained.”

The words were far from comforting to the sealed god, who hadn’t even been able to struggle in the final moments where his fate was determined.

“Granted, it took a bit of careful nurturing to get you there, and I’ve invested quite a lot of time and resources in getting you there, but in the end, it was worth it,” the Viper said as he held out his hand as a staff appeared in it. It was simple-looking, seemingly made entirely of metal with a snake head at its end.

“This would usually hurt... but I guess you don’t have any feeling remaining,” Vilastromoz said casually as he pinned the staff to the ground, and the moment he did, a magic circle appeared beneath Yip as complex magic came to light.

Yip’s eyes opened wide when he now fully realized the Viper’s plan as he spoke. “You’re... fucking lunatic, you really are the villain, huh?”

“A matter of perspective, I guess,” Vilastromoz shrugged with a smile as he reached out and placed his hand on Yip’s face, and as he kept eye contact with the god, his aura exploded with the powers of a Transcendent as he spoke the final words Yip would ever hear:

“Malefic Alchemy: Transmutation.”




***
Chapter 1017: A Proper Reintroduction


***






What even are Records?

Tension hung thick in the air above Primordial-4 as the standoff continued, neither side making any moves as they waited for the battle between the Malefic Viper and Yip of Yore to conclude.

One side was obviously more confident than the other as if they were just waiting for Yip to clean things up and claim his rightful title of Primordial Slayer. Yip of Yore had made all the preparations possible, made himself into a being specialized in killing the Malefic Viper, and grown faster than any other god in recorded history.

If he couldn’t kill the Malefic Viper, who could? The result was inevitable to the gods supporting Yip, making them adopt a gloating demeanor in front of the gods from the Order of the Malefic Viper.

Valhal kept the same stance as before, with the only thing change being Eversmile who’d appeared beside Valdemar, something that didn’t strike anyone as weird as they were obviously both gods supporting Yip’s conquest.

As they stood there, Valdemar looked down at Eversmile with a raised eyebrow, the area around them already isolated. “What’s in this for you?”

Eversmile looked up at the War God with his eternal smile. “Whatever do you mean?”

“You know what I mean. You’re not the type to do anything out of the kindness of your heart, so why get involved in all this?” Valdemar asked, not showing his usual simple demeanor. “Even you siding with Yip wouldn’t make any sense unless he offered you something really good.”

“He did offer me something really good,” Eversmile said casually.

“And what did Vilas offer you?”

“Nothing,” Eversmile sighed. “At least nothing tangible. It’s more accurate to say that after this, we are considered even regarding certain matters.”

Valdemar frowned a bit at what he said before his eyes lit up in realization. “This was all to pay him back for what happened with that kid?”

“Oh? I’m surprised you know about that,” Eversmile said in genuine surprise.

“Had to watch some clips of Jake’s Tutorial... I guess you can say that was part of my deal,” Valdemar said with a laugh before turning a bit more serious again. “I still don’t get it... you owed him a favor, sure, but not all favors are the same. This seems like you did quite a bit more for him than he did for you. Especially seeing as how your experiment fell through. Pretty sure that boy of yours is now a heretic.”

Now it was Eversmile’s turn to chuckle. “Who says the experiment is over?”

Valdemar looked at him for a few seconds before sighing. “I still don’t get you... oh, and also, I heard you sold being on Yip’s side by saying you want Vilas dead? How did you pull that one off?”

“There is nothing to pull off when speaking the truth.”

“You actually want Yip to kill Vilas?” Valdemar asked, his emotions hard to read.

“Of course I do,” the karmic mage said without a moment’s hesitation as he kept waiting for the battle between the two gods to fully conclude and for the result to be announced to everyone... even if said result was entirely predictable.

As for wanting the Viper dead, he really was speaking the truth. Eversmile was a researcher. He researched karma and the best way for new karma to be formed was through new situations. Nothing was better than entirely original scenarios with several actors taking part. Especially high-level actors with genuine power.

So why wouldn’t he want Yip of Yore to kill the Malefic Viper? Because nothing was better than when the outcome wasn’t the expected one but something no one had seen coming. Well, more accurately, a result no one with full information could see coming.

So that’s why he wanted to see the Viper fall... because he’d always loved it when the impossible happened.

The Malefic Viper stood on the ruined Great Planet within the Void Sphere dimension as he admired his creation. Admittedly, it wasn’t impressive from a visual perspective, seeing as it was just an odd mass made of skin, scales, and flesh that was pulsing as if it had a heartbeat, but how it looked wasn’t important in the slightest.

What mattered was what it could do.

It had taken a while to shave off all the useless parts, such as Yip’s entire own Path. Yip’s Path was impressive in the eyes of many, and it had allowed him to get where he was today, but that didn’t mean consuming such Records would help the Viper in any way. Quite the opposite.

All it would do was dilute his own Path with the Records of a lesser being. His own Path was already superior to Yip’s, so why would he bother absorbing any part of it? No, the only thing he needed was the contemporary Records and aspects of Yip’s Path related to momentum, growth, and “newness.” The Records that would help him to make up for all the time he’d missed and all the Records he hadn’t gained from actively taking part in current events for so many eras.

As he looked at his creation, he couldn’t help but sigh at just how much Yip had miscalculated everything, with his biggest miscalculation being that the Viper wouldn’t have been able to grow a lot during his many eras of isolation.

Perhaps it wasn’t an entirely ridiculous assumption, and under normal circumstances, it would be right, but the Viper had been far from lazy despite his isolation. He’d been progressing all the time, absorbed the Records of the multiverse whenever a new universe was integrated, and pushed himself further and further. Plus, he had several extra little things to allow him to keep going...

At least when it came to alchemy.

The only thing he hadn’t done was proper fighting. He hadn’t killed anything for perhaps the longest period of time of any being in the entire multiverse. He hadn’t done any system events either.

All he had been doing was progressing his own Path. Progressing his alchemy. That meant right now, he was more likely than not the weakest of all the Primordials... though not by a wide margin. With the treasure he’d just created, he would make up for most of his own shortcomings. In some ways, he could even be compared to a mortal with both a profession and a class, where his class had fallen significantly behind his profession due to neglect.

When that happened, it tended to be quite easy to get a lot of class levels fast, something that was also true for the Viper’s situation. The Records would complement his own, merge with them, and create something greater than what he started with.

As for what exactly he’d created...

The Records and energy of the Dragon Molt – ones that represented the Viper’s past – had now been replaced with Yip’s Records entirely, meaning that the Viper would essentially be reabsorbing his own Records only, at least in the eyes of the system. One couldn’t easily absorb the Records of other beings, after all, especially not as a god, which was why he needed to do a bit of alchemy to get it to work.

The narrative has been stolen; if detected on Amazon, report the infringement.

Smiling to himself, the Viper still waited a bit longer as everything settled down entirely within the item he’d dubbed the Dragon Molt’s Embrace. He was waiting for the system to do its thing, the aura of the item to change, and its pulsating heartbeat to stop, and after another few minutes, it finally happened.

The final remnants of life left the large mass of scales, flesh, and skin... and with its death, Yip also finally found his end.

You have slain [Yip of Yore…]

Perhaps it could be viewed as a bit macabre that Yip was alive and conscious throughout the entire process, but keeping him alive resulted in a better end product. The Viper licked his lips and just looked at the mass but stopped himself as he smiled and shook his head.

“I guess he deserves a little treat for the assist,” the god said as he reached forward and from the mass, pulled a small ball of scales. Summoning a small wooden box for preservation, he put it in there to keep it nice and fresh for his dear Chosen later.

With it stored away, it was time to finally dig in. The Viper opened his mouth as space distorted, and the mass of flesh flew toward the Viper, shrinking as it entered his maw and into his internal stomach for slow consumption.

The moment he had it in there, the Viper’s eyes opened wide as he gritted his teeth from the rush of energy flooding his body, his aura fluctuating for a moment before calming down, settling as a few levels came in from just that. Taking a deep breath, he looked at his hand and opened and closed his fist a few times.

“Turned out even better than first expected...”

This was likely the best treasure the Malefic Viper had ever consumed, especially taking into considering all the additional items he used as part of the transmutation process. The sheer amount of energy within that mass had been enough to kill a few hundred Godkings at least, and absorbing it all would take a while, several years at least, but once it was all digested...

Well, he had promised Valdemar a good spar as part of getting him to lend a hand.

Just as the Viper had consumed the mass of flesh, the Void Sphere dimension also began to slowly break apart. With one of the two gods trapped within dead, it would crumble within minutes, something the Viper had naturally planned for.

He didn’t want anyone to see what he’d done during this entire battle, nor the aftermath. Truthfully, there had been a few moments during the “fight” where the Viper had gotten a bit concerned, as Void Spheres had a limited duration, and Yip of Yore had quite frankly proven a lot slower at killing his Dragon Molt than first expected.

At least it had been well worth it to fatten him up adequately through all his and Jake’s scheming, but then again, the best ingredients always needed good nurturing and cultivating to become their most useful versions.

Finally, as for all the parts of Yip’s Records the Viper had cut off because they weren’t needed... well, those were gone along with the Truesoul back to the system, though the Viper had a good idea where a least some of them would end up. Not that Vilastromoz could do much about that besides trusting in his Chosen the same way his Chosen had trusted him.

For now, he still had one more important thing to do before he could focus on other matters:

Properly reintroduce himself to the multiverse.

Space and reality shuddered as the Void Sphere dimension collapsed. The two within would appear in roughly the same place they had entered, and based on how it had only taken a bit over a day for the sphere to end its duration, everyone knew that a victor had been decided.

The many gods associated with Yip were still looking confident, while the ones with the Order were nervous. The Lord Protector also hadn’t stopped defending the Order’s headquarters at any point, with many of those present even expecting to see the Boundless Hydra attempt to put up a final stand against Yip.

However, the gloating expressions of the thousands of gods – including over a dozen Godkings or Godqueens – associated with Yip of Yore fell once the dimension sufficiently broke down, and an unexpected aura began to seep through.

Before the dimension could even fully break down by itself, a shockwave shattered what remained as reality cracked like a broken mirror, the Malefic Viper confidently walking out between the falling shards.

No other sound but the clattering of space repairing itself was heard as all simply stared at the Viper in shock. Not only because he’d won but because of how he looked. Not a single sign of injury could be seen on his body; his soul and presence were both absolutely stable, and he exuded a casual demeanor not reminiscent of someone having just fought for their life against an equal opponent. His aura also felt... different. Hard to read.

It took a moment, but very quickly, the first god tried to enter the void, but the Viper raised a hand and snapped.

“It would be rude to leave so suddenly after coming for a visit,” he spoke, his snap sending out a subtle wave of energy that solidified space on that entire section of the Great Planet, making it impossible to escape through the void or other forms of teleportation.

Some looked to Valdemar and Eversmile who continued to just stand there casually, Eversmile having his usual unreadable expression with Valdemar grinning, a look of expectation in his eyes.

Eversmile noticed the staring people before just shaking his head... he was just there to observe and record what was happening, after all. Not to interfere. Valdemar also wasn’t going to make a move as he’d also done his part, right? He’d made sure that Yip got the one-on-one fight he wanted without any outside interference.

“Now, why do I feel such disappointment from so many of you just because I showed up?” the Malefic Viper smiled, walking forward a bit as he looked at Yip’s gods before looking down at those behind the barrier within the Order. “At least there are some who look glad to see me.”

The Boundless Hydra didn’t hesitate as he transformed his entire body and shrank, becoming humanoid once more as he looked at the Viper with what looked like tears in his eyes as he bowed. “I greet the Malefic One.”

As he did this, all the ones behind the barrier followed suit as they all bowed their heads and repeated the phrase. The Viper smiled, looking down at them with a nod before turning his attention back to all the gods in the sky. He scanned through them as he sighed.

“I see a few familiar faces among you... truly disappointing,” the Viper said, focusing on the gods who had once been part of his own faction only a few months ago. It was the ones who’d defected and joined Yip of Yore when things were looking bad, and it wasn’t just a few either.

The Viper wasn’t surprised, though. He’d taken this entire scenario as a good opportunity to do a bit of spring cleaning among the Hidden Ones or other gods associated with the Order. A loyalty test, if one will. One that dozens of gods failed as they now stood on the wrong side of history.

“I would scold you, but you are no longer worthy of my recognition at all,” the Viper said, disowning them all. As he spoke, the gods who formerly supported Yip had time to gather, and Vilastromoz didn’t doubt that they spoke plenty using telepathy, especially after he sealed off space.

As expected, soon enough, the strongest individual walked forward. A powerful Godking who ruled a large faction of his own and a figure recognized throughout the multiverse. He respectfully bowed and spoke.

“Malefic One, we do not wish to propagate this conflict any further... a victor has been decided, and with Yip of Yore’s defeat, we also recognize our defeat. Representing everyone, we swear that proper compensation shall-“

“You killed my people,” the Viper interrupted him as he tilted his head. “Pretty sure there’s only one right way to compensate for that.”

The Godking frowned. “Malefic One, continuing this conflict will benefit you nothing. If forced into a corner, our defeat is inevitable, yes, but the fallout from the fight would-“

“I think you’re misunderstanding something,” the Viper said in a cold tone. “There won’t be any fighting.”

With those words, the Malefic Viper unleashed his presence – his Pride – upon the many gods. They were prepared for him to attack, ready to retaliate, ready to band together and try to escape or at least make the Viper pay dearly for his choice... but none of it mattered.

They didn’t have time to react at all.

The aura of a god surpassing themselves by several realms washed over them in an instant, as soundlessly, they fell. Thousands of divine beings, those who stood at the top of the multiverse, tumbled out of the sky, falling lifelessly toward the ground below with their souls extinguished.

Even the Godkings and Godqueens had time to do nothing but open their eyes in fear before death claimed them. It was a sight that even made those on the side of the Viper have their blood run cold as they felt absolute relief they’d made the right choice.

This sight of the Viper standing there with a prideful gaze as he looked at all the falling gods was a display of power that communicated just how foolish everything Yip had done was and how the Viper could have ended everything at any time he decided. It showed that he was still a being of absolute power that no one could look down on...

And all was recorded and would be spread by Eversmile, who’d been hired by Yip to spread the legend of all that had happened on Primordial-4 when the hero and the villain had their final battle... probably not expecting this to be the kind of story where the bad guy wins.




***
Chapter 1018: A Relationship Doomed From The Start


***






It had been a mutually beneficial relationship. One that had helped them both greatly to accomplish their respective goals, yet throughout it all, they’d kept each other at arm’s length. It wasn’t that out of the ordinary, though, as two beings recognized as supreme geniuses tended to each have quite the ego, but this had still been different.

Ell’Hakan and Yip of Yore hadn’t respected each other like the Malefic Viper and Jake. They hadn’t considered each other close from the very beginning but merely used the other as a useful tool to further their own interests. Everything was transactional, Ell’hakan playing the role Yip wanted while reaping the rewards of his actions.

One of the primary reasons their relationship could never grow beyond this was due to their limited interactions. They never spoke when it wasn’t purely about business, and the number of times they had met in person could be counted on one’s fingers.

The cause of this was an emotion far more simple than respect... fear. Something that made their relationship doomed from the start.

Ell’Hakan was afraid of Yip of Yore because he knew the god would discard or even gladly kill him if he believed that would be of benefit to him. At one point, he even felt as if Yip of Yore was floating the idea of killing Ell’Hakan and framing it as if the Viper had it secretly done as a way to further justify his crusade against the Primordial.

At the same time, the mere fact that Ell’Hakan knew this was something that made Yip of Yore apprehensive. It was an odd concept for a god to hold some level of fear of his own Chosen, but it was nevertheless the truth. His Bloodline was fundamentally dangerous, even to gods, and Yip of Yore recognized this.

Sure, they had many methods to ensure they weren’t manipulated by it, but there were no guarantees, especially not if exposed for a prolonged period, and that in itself was a scary thought. If an extremely subtle sentiment was planted and amplified by a fraction with every meeting, not even gods could say they hadn’t been affected in some fashion at the end of it, and any kind of uncertainty, even if it was minuscule, was too much for most gods to accept.

Even assuming any kind of manipulation he did was impossible, that didn’t remove his ability to read emotions perfectly. Again, gods could try to hide their emotions, something many of them did most of the time anyway, but they would need to use different methods than normal against Ell’Hakan. Perfect control of outward expression or even one’s soul simply wasn’t enough, as against Ell’Hakan one didn’t need to hide one’s emotions but fully control and not have them in the first place to fool him. That required a certain kind of mindset and focus, one it would be hard to find many people with, even among gods, as it simply wasn’t a skill they had ever needed to learn.

Someone like Valdemar could be read like an open book by Ell’Hakan. So could many others who thought they had him fooled. Yet he knew the emotions they tried to hide, the truths they wanted no one to know... which was also why he had the feeling something was off for a long time.

No, more than feeling... for a long time now, Ell’Hakan had felt a high level of certainty that his own Patron wasn’t as in control as he believed and thus began to make his own preparations accordingly.

Oh, and as for the question if a small planted sentiment was possible to implement in a god... well, at least it appeared to have when it came to affecting a god’s subconscious decision-making in their final moments before death.

Ell’Hakan breathed calmly as the ritual around him was ready to activate at any moment, humming with energy. It had a level of complexity beyond his understanding, but that didn’t matter as he wasn’t even the one to operate it, only benefit from it.

The ones in charge of the ritual were people he’d trusted and vetted himself, and those he knew wouldn’t dare cause him harm as that wasn’t what their higher-ups wanted. In many ways, the fact that the universe had been cut off was a great boon, as it allowed Ell’Hakan to speak more with the Holy Church and put his plans into motion, which was how he ended up standing within a massive magic circle constructed by the single-largest faction in the multiverse.

Considering how massive the Holy Church was, they naturally also had insight into rituals to usurp other gods, though it wasn’t anything they would “officially” do. Ell’Hakan had heard some whispers of defector gods being slain and their prior blessed or even Chosen to end up usurping their Path happening a few times, but that was purely coincidentally, of course.

As he still stood waiting within the ritual, waiting to either hear that the seemingly impossible had happened and that his Patron had won or of the god’s death, Ell’Hakan didn’t feel any nervousness, though there was a hint of impatience for learning the outcome. He also couldn’t help but consider how things had even ended up like this.

In truth, this hadn’t been the plan for that long. For the longest time, he’d genuinely believed in Yip of Yore and that he would defeat the Malefic Viper and become the first Primordial Slayer. Ell’Hakan had seen his Patron as someone worthy of that title and a presence in his life that would only lead to further greatness as he would be the Chosen of a truly great being.

He’d gone along with everything Yip of Yore asked of him without questioning anything, as why would he question someone he genuinely believed was the most powerful person in the multiverse – or at least had the potential to soon be the most powerful?

But, slowly, cracks began to form, and then... Nevermore. More accurately, what happened during the Colosseum of Mortals in Nevermore.

Ell’Hakan had done well there and pulled on his experience as a warrior even before the system arrived. He’d risen through the gladiator ranks and swiftly defeated many top gods in their mortal forms, even if some of them proved quite tricky before he finally ended up before Valdemar. The Grand Champion.

Perhaps it was vanity, or maybe doubt had already begun to sprout in his heart then, but Ell’Hakan couldn’t help but try and take advantage of the fact that Valdemar seemed to have full knowledge of the multiverse up until not that long before the integration.

So, he’d asked him some questions, all of which Valdemar had naturally not answered... but he didn’t have to. Even if the system didn’t allow him to answer, it couldn’t stop his emotions from confirming or denying his words.

When Ell’Hakan said that the god Yip of Yore was aiming to kill the Malefic Viper, the god didn’t react much... but his emotions were clear. At first, he didn’t believe the Viper was back, but once he was convinced of that... he found the sentiment absolutely hilarious. As if Yip killing the Malefic would be the biggest joke ever told.

He confirmed this time and time again as he reframed his questions with every life he spent against the War God, confirming things more and more, all the way up to the fight where he finally earned the god’s recognition.

Walking out of that Challenge Dungeon, Ell’Hakan was full of doubt and began to question many things and look for clues to confirm these doubts. He began to make backup plans in case Yip of Yore was indeed simply a fool being played by the Primordial, and luckily, he already had an easy in with the Holy Church, who he was already working with at the time for Nevermore.

One might ask... why didn’t Ell’Hakan warn Yip of Yore if he was his Chosen? He could have told him so many times. Voiced his doubt that maybe Yip was making a mistake. Shared what he’d learned from Valdemar.

But he couldn’t. This all harkened back to the fact they had never truly trusted one another. Perhaps Ell’Hakan warning Yip would have made the god reconsider what he was doing or changed the strategy in some way. Maybe it would just make him double and triple-check some things himself, leading to the conclusion that he either wanted to back off or continue according to plan.

However, far more likely, the second Ell’Hakan voiced his doubt would be the same day he signed his own death sentence. Yip of Yore was too deep into his own story. He had become a slave to the legend he was forging. At least, he seemed to think that way. If his own Chosen began to show signs of doubt, Ell’Hakan believed he would only have viewed that as a weakness that had to be cut off.

No... it would have been far too risky.

So, Ell’Hakan had done what he believed safest and hedged his bets by doing so that both outcomes of the confrontation between gods would end up beneficial to him... and as part of that preparation, he’d planted a small seed that took advantage of Yip’s obsession. A single emotion and thought that would only appear in his final moments:

Indignation... and a desire for someone to carry on his Legacy. To not let his legend die, even after perishing. It wasn’t hard to do either, as he only very subtly amplified the strong emotions Yip already had.

It was all part of a gamble that very soon had its time to prove if it would pay off.

Despite it not really being something that should come as a surprise, Ell’Hakan still found himself a little shocked when he felt it happen.

When his Patron died.

The connection he’d shared with his Patron for so many years was severed in an instant, but right before he could fall to his knees from the backlash, the formation all around him came to life.

Complex magic activated and grasped unto the remnants of Ell’Hakan’s connection with Yip of Yore and his Records, and the moment it got a grip, it yanked hard. As it did, Ell’Hakan felt his connection with Yip of Yore’s Legacy strengthen but felt very different from usual, as a rush of Records streamed down toward him.

He also instantly knew that his small planted emotion in Yip had worked... or perhaps Yip had already known what Ell’Hakan was planning and viewed this as a valid backup. Either way, despite being a Usurper in the making, he didn’t truly have to usurp much as the Records more than gladly came to him.

The more than a thousand members of the Holy Church helping with the ritual had a slightly easier time due to this, but they still strained themselves as Ell’Hakan bathed in the stream of energy and Records. Light began to envelop him as a pillar formed all around, the rush of energy only intensifying as it combined with the Records.

Ell’Hakan smiled as the first level arrived, and shortly after, one of his skills upgraded. The entire scenario reminded him of when one picked a skill upon reaching a level milestone. Instinctual knowledge of how a skill worked would enter one’s mind, making the person aware of how to use the skill while still leaving plenty of room for future improvements.

Right now the same was happening to Ell’Hakan. The Records of Yip of Yore were funneled into his former Chosen, improving and empowering the Records of all the dead god’s Legacy skills, and with the help of the ritual below, a constant stream of energy entered Ell’Hakan to support the entire process, making it as if he was repeatedly consuming high-quality treasures.

Knowledge flooded his mind as he began to understand more and more of his Legacy skills. His passive skills – which were the main part of what Yip of Yore had mainly given him -  also got better as he used them to amplify his other core skills.

Hours passed as the ritual went on, the members of the Holy Church occasionally being switched out with ones who had sufficient energy remaining. Ell’Hakan kept pushing the ritual further and further, even if he could only claim a few scraps toward the end.

As the ritual eventually winded down, a final fragment of Records came and entered Ell’Hakan... one that felt different than any prior. Usually, the Records were scrambled and just puzzle pieces that could help make a greater whole, but this final part wasn’t like that.

It was something Ell’Hakan didn’t even know could exist, and despite feeling a bit apprehensive, he absorbed it into himself. It was a full puzzle in itself. Rather than help upgrade a skill or anything like that, Ell’Hakan saw something way more interesting when he absorbed it.

Memories... more put together than anything Ell’Hakan had ever experienced before and more than understandable. For a moment, he felt as if he wasn’t even in his own body but instead trapped inside someone else’s. It was like his own skin had become a prison, and his insides were boiling, making him want to scream out in pain, but he couldn’t, for he no longer had a mouth.

All his limbs were also gone, and all that was left was soul-searing pain that permeated every part of his being. He felt the Viper’s presence, the hopelessness of being utterly suppressed by a superior being, and then... clarity. Everything became calm as Ell’Hakan heard a familiar voice in his head echo.

“Listen, my Chosen, to the final ode of a fallen fool...”

Ell’Hakan listened, unable to do anything else, and despite the final words of Yip of Yore not actually being an ode at all, his former Chosen still took in everything, his eyes wide as he learned things he wasn’t sure he wanted or needed to know as a mortal. Things with implications he wasn’t sure he could handle.

As the knowledge stopped flooding his mind, the ritual around him also came to an end, and Ell’Hakan fell down on one knee. The entire magic circle cracked as the ground shattered all around him, several hundred high-level C-grade mages and priests being sent flying back with severe internal injuries from the backlash of the ritual stopping so abruptly.

Breathing heavily, Ell’Hakan stood up. The ritual had not broken apart because anything had gone wrong. There had just never been any considerations for a safe way to end it without the parties performing it taking damage... one of the sacrifices that had to be made when cutting corners and having C-grades perform a Usurper Ritual.

While still basking in the feeling of being reborn, he saw the human approach with steady steps, turning his head to see him. “Augur... you’re here, huh?”

Should Ell’Hakan be surprised? Perhaps... he’d chosen a small, unassuming planet in the galaxy – one not even a part of the alliance initially – to perform this ritual on and only brought the most necessary people there. Despite the ones making and performing the ritual being from the Church, they weren’t neccecarily in the Augur’s camp.

The Holy Church was not a monolith, especially not in a new universe, and quite a few smaller competing factions were constantly opposing one another. However, even so, it was a fact that the Augur was a special existence within the faction with influence wherever he wanted it.

“I wouldn’t have missed it,” the Augur answered with a light smile, observing the broken ritual. “These kinds of things are... rare. Once-in-a-lifetime kind of rare, if not more so. Your Path has been solidified to a frightening extent, and I feel as if a burden has been lifted from your shoulders and shackles removed from your ankles.”

Ell’Hakan looked at the Augur for a moment, knowing what the Augur said was the truth. He did feel as if he had been freed from Yip. Freed from his plots and schemes. Smiling, Ell’Hakan nodded.

“The help from the Church won’t be forgotten, and our deal honored,” he said, turning a bit more serious as he rolled his shoulders a bit.

“I would be disappointed if it was... now, if I may, would you share some insight into the ritual? As I said, this is not something one has the chance to encounter often,” the Augur asked.

Ell’Hakan was more than happy to share his accomplishments and make sure the Augur understood just how much he’d gained. He knew he had to raise his own value in the eyes of the Holy Church and make them view him as more than just his Bloodline. Far more.

So he spoke of everything he didn’t see as something he shouldn’t share. The Augur engaged throughout and asked several questions, as all around them, the mages and priests were helping each other recover from the aftermath of the ritual.

After a good while, they had covered mostly everything and Ell’Hakan sighed.

“Oh well, I guess we should get to work. Things can’t be stable once the news of Yip’s death spreads throughout the alliance.”

“They most certainly are not,” the Augur nodded. “Especially not after they initiated their counterattack.”

“What counterattack?” Ell’Hakan asked with confusion.

“The one happening right now,” the Augur just shrugged.

Ell’Hakan was still confused as he hurried away from the ritual site, where a large formation had been overlaid across it to cut them off from the outside world for further protection. The second he got out of it, he was flooded with messages from his allies across the galaxy. His eyes opened wide as he read the many reports, and in anger, he turned toward the Augur.

“You knew?”

“Naturally,” the human nodded.

“And yet you saw the need to...” Ell’Hakan said before shaking his head. “Why didn’t you tell me right away?”

“You didn’t ask,” the Augur just shrugged, a sly smile on his lips as Ell’Hakan really wanted to just put a trident through the human’s neck, but knew it would be a waste of time as he instead turned and headed toward the teleporters, leaving the still-smiling Augur behind.




***
Chapter 1019: Chaos Across the Milky Way


***






People tended to believe what they wanted to believe... at least until that belief got them punched in the face, leading to heavy personal consequences. At that point, they could either blame the other party for reacting the way they did, or they could realize that perhaps their belief hadn’t been the best.

This was a scenario quite a few individuals throughout the Milky Way Galaxy were going through in the hours past the death of Yip of Yore. Many of the allies of Ell’Hakan were all scrambling, especially one of the two major groups that supported him.

Ell’Hakan primarily had two factions helping him out. The first one was the Holy Church, which naturally remained stable even with the happenings in the first universe, but the other one was facing quite a set of difficulties.

This group consisted of those not supporting Ell’Hakan as much as they supported Yip of Yore, and thus only his Chosen by extension. They were made up primarily of people blessed by gods who’d allied with Yip of Yore, and the thing about those gods was that they were all now... well... dead.

Having your god die turned out to be quite a recipe for disaster, especially for the planets who held their entire leadership structure together through religion. When the believers saw the priests fall on the ground, bleeding from every orifice as they screamed in pain, or the World Leader have a mental breakdown as he faced the backlash from losing his high-level Blessing, the general populace quickly realized something was wrong.

The Malefic Viper’s display of power, which wiped out a four-figure number of gods, ended up having an absolutely massive effect on the Milky Way as nearly all these gods had blessed the natives there, and where there was chaos, there were those quick to take advantage.

Despite being allies on the surface, the Holy Church was quick to make its move and fill the vacuum of faith created by the many deaths. They had already integrated themselves on these planets, especially over the last few months of the truce, which made many suspect they had expected Yip of Yore to be the one to fall from the very beginning.

An unprovable theory, sure, but not one the Holy Church outright denied either.

On many of these planets who were scrambling, a representative from the Church was in front of the World Leader within minutes. The clergy of the Church came to help the priests who had fallen in the streets, helping them despite their differing faith, and overall, they proved themselves a symbol of stability that many World Leaders didn’t even need an hour to forge an alliance with – said alliance pretty much turning them into vassals of the Church.

Those who knew more about how the faction of the Holy Mother operated knew it was only a question of time before they would become full members, as that was how things tended to just go.

Within these first few hours, the Holy Church did much, but they didn’t make moves everywhere.

Despite everything happening, some stuck by Ell’Hakan’s side despite not being associated with the Church. Some of these were World Leaders who simply had joined hands with Ell’Hakan before they got blessed with any gods, or were individuals without any Blessings at all. These were faithful to Ell’Hakan and almost viewed him as if he were their god, and no matter what happened, they would keep supporting him.

There were also some gods who supported Yip who hadn’t followed him to Primordial-4, and these tended to not be quick to turn to another faction... mainly because they didn’t really have to time to consider if they should yet.

But they would have to move fast, for there was one other faction that instantly made their move once Yip of Yore fell.

Miranda realized about an hour before Yip of Yore died that he was definitely going to die, at least she began preparations with that assumption. She couldn’t prepare much herself, being busy locking down the planet to prevent outside communication, but she could relay some information to get Lillian started with things.

She also learned then that her Patrons had known more than they initially let on... at least, she thought so at first. They hadn’t truly known the full plot of everything, far from it, and when Miranda heard their reasoning, she seriously questioned if her Patrons were as competent as they claimed to be.

Because their only argument for why the Viper was going to win with absolute certainty was that he’d “promised he would.” She wished she could have asked anything, but she was told all this through a medium with a recorded message sent to it before the barrier even went up.

Alas, Miranda was a good witch and got things started immediately. The way she ended up learning that Yip was dead wasn’t through her Patrons either – as they couldn’t really communicate with her – but surprisingly enough from Neil, of all people.

The space mage had helped use his magic to subtly watch some recently caught spies associated with Yip of Yore who still thought Earth wasn’t onto them. He’d watched them inside their home, both nervous but expectant... until suddenly, one of them began screaming, with the other one crying.

Similar scenes played out elsewhere, and Neil quickly sent a message to Miranda, as he was one of the people who had an Identify skill that allowed him to see if people had Blessings, and he confirmed that the spies had lost theirs.

Combined with all the other reports, Miranda was certain of what’d happened and instantly let down the barrier sealing in Earth and sent out a message instead, informing them that Yip of Yore was dead... and now it was time to take advantage of that fact.

Earth didn’t really have an official standing army, unlike many other planets in the universe. This was mainly because they’d never worked on establishing one, instead focusing on powerful individuals to handle battles instead.

This isn’t to say they didn’t have the powers of an army, though. There were a lot of powerful people on Earth, many of them more than willing to take part in the upcoming conquest as they moved to attack the former allies of Yip of Yore alongside the current allies of Ell’Hakan.

Miranda didn’t even need to offer any compensation, the loot on the planets themselves would be more than enough reward for these greedy parties of fighters. At least it would be far more rewarding than fighting random monsters.

Plus, getting into the good graces of Earth seemed smart if one wanted a continued good existence in the Milky Way Galaxy. At least, that’s what many of those who were on Earth’s side assumed, especially those who knew of the power the planet held.

The major factions also still wouldn’t get involved, and Miranda didn’t want them to either... which was why the target wasn’t any of the planets they had claimed or were working on claiming. Attacking the Church directly could lead to many annoying outcomes, and she judged it far better to use soft power against them if push came to shove.

The author's content has been appropriated; report any instances of this story on Amazon.

Instead, they focused on the planets identified to, without a doubt, be in support of Ell’Hakan. With the Sword Saint leading the offensive with the biggest non-multiversal faction of Earth behind him – the Noboru Clan – he was the first to be teleported to an enemy planet with the goal of taking control of an alliance teleportation circle and forcing the people there to open up the planet.

They just needed one person, and it would be enough. They were aware it would be hard to convince some of the true fanatics, but that’s where William came in. Karmic magic could fuck with people quite badly, and while it wasn’t something Miranda was a fan of, she recognized William’s skill at manipulating people and making them think he was trustworthy. Trustworthy enough to accept “reinforcements” from another planet.

However, should even that fail, they had one more secret weapon... one Miranda only recently learned about, and perhaps the greatest method of invasion available to them:

Sandy.

The squad of vampires from the Noboru Clan prepped their weapons as the voice of their method of transportation echoed in their minds, and the minds of the hundred other squads who were also present.

“Should be there in two after I get done charging up!” the Cosmic Genesis Worm said, the vampires looking surprised.

“And here I thought I had enough time for lunch,” one of the vampires tried to crack a bad joke, only getting him a few glares, though they could only be in agreement that it was faster than expected.

One of the challenges with invading other planets, even with the system-assisted teleporters made for the system event, was that one needed permission. If one couldn’t get permission, the only alternative was the teleporter created by the scientist of Haven, but that one came with a massive cost, and it was impossible to send too many people.

That’s why the initial plan had only been to send a few elites at most to the planets where they couldn’t get someone to open up a teleporter, which would soon be all of them, as the second news of the invasions spread, most World Leaders would definitely retract all permissions to minimize the damage.

However, the Cosmic Worm popped up and changed the status quo in an instant. As everyone else had been progressing and doing their own things, so had Sandy. The worm had eaten a lot of things and helped the scientist with his research into the teleportation circles in the galaxy, and while it seemed as if Sandy was just passively taking part, the worm was also learning.

To Sandy, space was like a large desert filled with sand for them to dig through. Entering subspace was equivalent to diving inside the sand and traveling through it, but as space itself was like sand, wasn’t Sandy always inside the sand?

Sandy had pondered this and realized something... Sandy never really dove into the sand when entering subspace. Sandy just dove deeper into the sand they were already in. As one got deeper, the sand would become more condensed and harder to travel through, but at the same time, Sandy would be able to travel faster the deeper they were.

With this realization, Sandy also began to consider something else... a method of moving that was only rarely used but was a necessity for hunting:

Jumping.

Most food wasn’t inside the sand but on top of it, and naturally, any worm worth their salt would know when to do a proper jumping-chomp.

The thing is... if Sandy saw sand as the representation of space, what did it mean to jump outside of space? What did it mean to temporarily dislodge oneself from the concept itself only to reenter it once more?

To Sandy, it materialized as teleportation. Teleportation with limitations, yes... but teleportation at a far higher level than someone like Neil could perform, even with much preparation.

These limitations mainly materialized in three ways, the first of which being very logical to Sandy. Any good worm knew that when jumping, one had to know where one was jumping to. If not, the worm could end up a dead worm due to hitting something dangerous like a sharp, spiky rock or something else like that. In the same vein, Sandy needed to know where to jump by having either been there before or by being inside the worm’s area of detection.

The second restriction was naturally distance. Sandy was good at jumping, but there was still a limit... a limit that turned out to be a far smaller problem than first assumed, as with little practice, Sandy learned to jump many solar systems at once, allowing the worm to effectively travel through the galaxy.

Could they teleport from one end to the other? No... but Sandy could jump between different planets that were supporting Ell’Hakan. All it took was the worm getting sent there by Arnold at least once before, and with months of preperation and a lot of investment, they had done just that.

The final cost for this kind of ability was the resource cost and cooldown, which once more turned out to be quite manageable. Sandy had to channel a good jump for a while based on distance, with the worm comparing it to building momentum before doing a big jump. However, at worst, it never took more than ten minutes for Sandy to charge any teleport, even at their max distance

All of this ultimately resulted in a Cosmic Space Worm capable of teleporting across the Milky Way Galaxy with relative ease, and in concert with Sandy’s ever-growing internal stomach, the worm was now effectively an armored personnel carrier capable of bringing an entire army to any unsuspecting planet Sandy had ever been to before.

Something that was about to happen as the vampire squad soon felt the worm perform a jump. For a brief moment, everything seemed to stand still for a moment as space froze, but it was gone as fast as it had come.

“Disembark all passengers! I repeat, disembark all passengers!” the worm said only a few seconds later.

Before any of said passengers even had a chance to respond to the worm, they were all spat out as they appeared in mid-air, floating far up in the sky but within the confines of the planet’s atmosphere.

“You guys have fun!” Sandy said before quickly turning around and flying a bit away while preparing to do another jump.

The leader of the vampire squad quickly gathered himself as he had to appear representable. All the others around him turned his way, seeing as he was the de-facto leader of this entire strike team that consisted of around five hundred vampires from the Noboru Clan.

“Remember, the goal is to secure the capital... with the World Leader immobilized, the rest of their resistance will quickly fall. Oh yeah, and needless to say, avoid needless civilian deaths. No need to harm the reputation of our kin more than necessary,” the squad leader said, his gaze piercing the clouds as he saw what had been identified as the capital city below.

“Move out,” he finished, pulling out his bow as he and all the other vampires descended upon the capital, all of them solidly in the mid-tier C-grade at least.

It was a scene similar to many others playing out all across the galaxy, as all of Earth’s elites went on the offensive, making use of their more powerful yet less numerous members. The planets with the most fighters from Ell’Hakan’s faction would be targeted by the true elites, as Miranda held nothing back.

Yet there was one planet they hadn’t even considered attacking. One that no one on Earth dared to approach carelessly, not even the Sword Saint. It was an entire world that would struggle to their last breath in case of an attack. A planet full of absolute fanatics who were entirely unaffected by the death of Yip, as he was never their god... Ell’Hakan was.

For he was the Celestial Child. Born to the sun and twin moons. He was never simply the Chosen of some random god... no, he was the Chosen of the multiverse itself.

Attacking such a planet would be akin to fighting an entire world... to fight everyone from the weakest F-grade to their strongest C-grades... something no one would be willing to do, right?

... right?

Within the darkness of space, a figure sat with his legs crossed as he stared down at the red planet. He was able to see the surface despite still being outside of the atmosphere, and from what he saw and felt, it was clear.

He’s not here...

The plan had been to strike him at the ritual site, but it seemed as if Ell’Hakan had smartly decided to go elsewhere for the suspected Usurper ritual.

Jake wasn’t that disappointed, though. As he sat there and looked down at the planet, he made a decision based on what he’d heard from William about the state of the planet... based on his memories of the last time Ell’Hakan visited his planet.

While Ell’Hakan’s invasion had wanted to limit the damage done as it was all part of a larger plot, Jake didn’t have any such concerns as he took out his bow. His plan was still to kill Ell'Hakan first and foremost, but the problem is, he had no idea where the former Chosen was, and neither was he able to track him. Even William had been unable to locate Ell’Hakan, So, with that in mind...

If he’s not here yet... I’ll just have to make him come to me.




***
Chapter 1020: Gifts From the Heavens


***






“Acceptable quality, but the production time was above the estimated average,” the overseer said in a slightly scolding tone, making the woman bow in apology.

“I’m sorry... the new apprentices assigned to me have taken more time than initially expected, meaning I didn’t have enough time to cultivate as I normally did,” she said.

“I don’t ask for any excuses; just make sure it’s better next time. Even if the speed is lower, you should make up for it with quality. Your level is pretty high, so the herbs you can produce shouldn’t only be of this quality,” the overseer continued in his usual harsh tone.

As the sole C-grade in charge of this greenhouse, he was known as someone who ran a tight ship, and the results of the workers reflected on him, so he couldn’t accept those who were mediocre. Especially not with how things had been recently.

“I understand,” the woman bowed once more as she put her hand on her heart. “May the Celestial Child smile down upon us.”

“May he do so eternally,” the overseer responded with a satisfied nod.

He still couldn’t believe that he would maybe soon have a chance to meet the Celestial Child in person... if his greenhouse performed among the top five, the minister had talked about a ceremony to award those who’d contributed the most during this time of strife, so if he could have the top-performing D-grade greenhouse...

Resolving himself, he began his inspections of the day as he went outside his office to get a proper look at things. He was in charge of a total of thirteen greenhouses, all producing herbs for D-grades that helped train their alchemists primarily, with all these greenhouses placed in their own small complex, not that far outside a large city nearby.

As he walked between two of these greenhouses, he suddenly spotted three workers who were just standing around with a cart they were supposed to transport from one greenhouse to another, making him furious immediately. Storming over, he didn’t hesitate to yell:

“Who authorized you three to take a break, huh!?”

The workers were frightened, and one of them even jumped back before the calmest of them pointed toward the sky. “It’s just... that.”

Annoyed, the overseer followed the man’s finger and looked to the sky, where he saw something odd. It looked as if several small dots of light had appeared, almost reminiscent of distant stars... but with it still being day and Sun-Father still blessing them with sunlight, they usually weren’t that visible.

“Is it a meteor shower?” one of the other workers asked.

Another worker suddenly got all giddy as her eyes began to shine. “A celestial event... to be blessed with such a sight...”

The overseer slowly nodded, as seeing such a thing was indeed fortunate. The Celestial Child was the rightful ruler of the skies, and all that lay beyond it, with any celestial event happening only doing so according to his will... who knows, perhaps they were truly being blessed?

At least, he thought so for a moment before one of the other workers began to look worried.

“Is it just me... or are they getting closer?”

Looking more closely, the overseer squinted and saw that... yeah, it did look like they were getting closer?

“Gifts from the celestial heavens...” the overseer muttered, the others also realizing that as it came from the realm of the celestial, it had to be a gift from the Celestial Child.

He couldn’t help but smile at the sight of the small pink-purple glowing objects falling down, accelerating as they got closer to the surface of the planet. Turning, he saw one of the workers point out where the first one would land, and he was nearly jealous he couldn’t be there to receive the celestial blessing of the-

Purple-ish light filled his vision, and as the overseer still stood there smiling, a massive sphere of destructive energy appeared several hundred kilometers away, a shockwave striking him a few seconds later, making the D-grade workers stumble and fall.

“What is-“ one of the workers began as a second flash appeared in another direction... followed by a third, a fourth, and a fifth, as all around them – especially in the direction of the major city, these fragments from heaven fell.

“Did we do wrong?” another worker questioned, not understanding what was going on.

“Is this... the will of the Celestial child?” the man who had first seen the “meteors” asked out loud, not even trying to stand up.

The overseer had no answer as he lifted his head and saw a fragment... the punishment from the heavens descended straight toward them, and all he could do was place a hand on his heart. “If this is the will of the Celestial Child... then we can only be grateful to play a role in his grand vision.”

With that thought, he smiled, the other workers also calming down instantly... if they were facing doom according to the will of the Celestial Child, then it was an honor they couldn’t possibly be worthy of. Even as the destructive arcane arrow struck only a dozen meters from them, exploding and sending out pure destructive energy that consumed all three, they only felt grateful to take part in the grand design of their god.

Jake watched as the orbital bombardment descended upon the planet, each arrow exploding with the impact of a small nuclear warhead, destroying several cities in the process alongside many other complexes.

He struck indiscriminately, not caring about who was caught in the explosions, acting as if he was fighting a civilization of mushroom people. Notifications flooded his system as millions instantly died, not a single one of them rewarding even a single experience point, but Jake wasn’t there for the experience in the first place... at least not yet.

As the explosions below subsided, the few survivors began to show themselves. This mainly took the form of mid-tier C-grades who specialized in defense, and with Jake focusing on making his arrows large in scope and not intensity, they’d managed to survive, some of them even looking relatively unharmed.

The story has been taken without consent; if you see it on Amazon, report the incident.

There was no sense in trying to finish them off, though, as Jake unleashed another Rain of Arcane Arrows upon another spot on the planet, taking full advantage of the fact he was still a good distance outside the atmosphere.

In truth, Jake had doubted he could even penetrate the atmosphere, but it turned out that Unblemished Arrows worked wonders, resulting in the arrows traveling through unobstructed. Of course, if he had been dealing with an actual planetary defensive barrier, things would have been different... but there wasn’t one, something that genuinely surprised Jake. Even Miranda had tapped into Jake’s World Leader abilities to make sure there was a basic barrier that should help with attacks coming from outside, but Ell’Hakan didn’t even have that, relying purely on the passive defenses supplied by the atmosphere. This was good enough to stop any regular wayward meteor... but not Jake’s arrows.

Was it arrogance from Ell’Hakan to not secure his home more safely? Some other reason? Either way, Jake was betting on him still caring about his homeworld and that the news of it being in peril would make him return.

Nocking another arrow, Jake took aim once more. He sent death raining down again, and not that long after, explosions of light appeared on the planet below. Jake moved again after shooting, not wanting to stay in the same place for too long. He even shot a few arrows that curved weirdly while flying, doing all he could to remain undetected.

He repeatedly activated his stealth skill, as even if he wanted to bait out Ell’Hakan, he also still wanted the advantage of seeing the former Chosen before he saw Jake. If he kept moving and shot arrows would weird angles, pin-pointing his location would be near-impossible, so Jake kept doing it as he functioned like an orbiting satellite that constantly shot down nukes on the planet below.

It took a bit longer than expected, but not that long in retrospect, for countermeasures to begin appearing. From so far up, Jake saw a dozen cities enact powerful barriers, and Jake also finally turned his gaze toward his main target: the capital.

Locating it had been easy, as it was the only place on the planet with entities Jake could see any value in fighting. Even from space, he could feel the collection of auras, and the capital was also the only city to have a powerful barrier constantly active.

Finally... it was really fucking big. Like, not Great Planet city big, but extremely big by any reasonable standards pre-system. If it had been on Earth, it would likely have been the largest one, at least by area.

Population-wise, probably not as much. The city was very spread out from what Jake saw, and based on what he’d heard, the entire city had pretty much survived the initiation as-is, unlike the cities on Earth.

Granted, a big reason why all the cities on Earth had been utterly wrecked was due to all the beasts and other monsters who had free roam with all the enlightened in the Tutorial... but the same had happened on Ell’Hakan’s planet. Yet no beasts had ruined the city. Instead, they’d protected it. Something the natives viewed as just another display of power by the almighty Celestial Child, while to Jake, it was just further proof of how utterly fucked up his Bloodline was. His influence had spread so far that it even included the animals within and around the city before the system, making even them have absolute loyalty toward him.

Even without the system, Ell’Hakan had evidently been a fucked-up existence, with the system only providing him a proper framework to take advantage of this fact. With the system, the entire planet had turned into something quite frankly horrific, and if Ell’Hakan was allowed to continue growing in power... yeah...

Jake had admittedly doubted William a bit when he first talked about just how fucked the planet was. Jake didn’t doubt it would be fucked, sure, but just how fucked it was remained beyond him.

Even outside the atmosphere, Jake could feel something subtly poking away at his emotions. It made thinking about Ell’Hakan incredibly weird, as whenever he had any thoughts regarding the former Chosen, he instantly felt an odd rush of... something. He wasn’t sure what, but it was definitely of a positive nature. Way, way too positive.

Not that long before he headed off to Valhal – back when he was still planning to ambush Ell’Hakan out of nowhere - he had a follow-up talk with William about Ell’Hakan. A talk to expand on the metal mage’s former words about how Ell’Hakan had managed to make his followers have an emotion that went beyond anything else.

It was one that wasn’t even on the normal emotional spectrum but in the realm of psychosis. An absolutely unbreakable delusion that couldn’t be broken by anything due to how ingrained it had become in their minds. What they felt toward Ell’Hakan was a feeling that surpassed regular worship of gods. Surpassed love, adoration, and anything else... for lack of a better word, the emotion was Transcendent in nature.

Walking away from the conversation, Jake had the understanding that if one wanted to break the delusion, there were only two choices. The first one was with one’s own Bloodline or Transcendent skill capable of manipulating emotions at a similar or superior level. Needless to say, no one Jake knew had such a thing handy.

The second one was for the person under the delusion to break out of it themselves. This one was a bit of a paradox, though. Because in order to even be allowed to begin doubting Ell’Hakan, the person needed to not be as delusional as they were in the first place. They would need to have realization from within, with external factors having little effect.

Jake could show them anything fucked up about Ell’Hakan he wanted. He could have the former Chosen show up in person, calling all his followers delusional asshats while explaining how they had all just been manipulated by his Bloodline, and it would be a miracle if just two people managed to break out of their delusion from that.

All of this is to say... death would be the only way for them to lose faith. Seeing as how Ell’Hakan got empowered by having them all believe in him to such a fanatical level, killing them was almost like killing an extension of Ell’Hakan himself.

At least thinking that way made Jake feel less awkward about bombarding large population centers from orbit. He truthfully didn’t like doing something like this. He didn’t like getting flooded with notifications of killing low-level people or monsters. It felt wrong on a fundamental level to kill people that weak, especially when none of them had anything mushroom-related in their names, but sometimes, one had to do something even if it made them a little uncomfortable.

If it managed to draw out Ell’Hakan, it would all be worth it.

With this thought, Jake continued attacking even as the natives below scrambled to form a response. However, they couldn’t defend everywhere, allowing Jake to continue landing solid attacks spread throughout the equivalent of an entire continent, and as with Earth, most of the natives had been condensed to a relatively small area, meaning Jake could hit borderline any city of note on the entire planet.

Also, due to the massive distance, Jake’s Perception was really coming into effect helping the exploding arrows to deal quite a lot of damage despite how much he focused on the scope of the explosions.

As time passed, Jake began to feel that something was wrong... it took way too long. Where the hell was Ell’Hakan at? How long would Jake be allowed to continue raining down death and destruction before Ell’Hakan – or anyone for that matter – would step in and try to stop him? No, Jake didn’t count the C-grades who had flown up as legitimate attempts to stop him, as they frankly weren’t even worth wasting mana on.

On that note... mana or stamina could end up becoming a legitimate concern if something didn’t happen soon, and as more time passed with Jake just flying around and shooting, he began to reconsider if this was really the best way to approach things.

He kept going, but in his mind, a different thought began to form. Jake had considered it before... practiced the methods required... and he now had the tools... so...

Alright... we give him another thirty minutes.

And if he wasn’t back by then, Jake was going to attack something that would make his assault on the planet’s surface meaningless: the Planetary Pylon. Oh, but not to take it over... no, to do something he was sure Villy would be far more approving of.




***
Chapter 1021: A Hot Way Down


***






One of the nice quality-of-life features the Prima Vessel had was the ability to teleport one to the core chamber of any given planet it was on. This was to give the World Leader easy access to the Planetary Pylon so the natives could claim it once they’d defeated the Prima Guardian.

However, if one had to get to the core chamber the traditional way, it all became quite a bit harder. Traveling all the way from the surface to the core was quite a distance, with winding paths all throughout, and while planets tended to have cave networks leading all the way from the surface, that didn’t make it easy to go there, much less find the optimal path.

This did result in the core having quite tough natural defenses, as most wouldn’t even dare try to reach it. Especially now with the local World Leader having the Vessel to teleport themselves and others down there to intercept any potential invader who was aiming at it. Finally, actually doing anything to a claimed Planetary Pylon was hard. Far harder than doing something to an unclaimed one, or if it was still only a Planetary Core.

Jake knew all these things, yet as he was considering what to do, he still decided that he would go the extreme route. With determination to end the conflict between himself and Yip’s former Chosen once and for all, Jake made some final preparations as he finally entered the planet’s atmosphere, no longer bombarding it from the outside.

Once in there, he began flying down while summoning arcane orbs in his wake which began to slowly fall toward the ground. They were all made out of stable arcane mana except for a small spark of destruction in the middle that would activate after a set period of time. He even shot some of these orbs in random directions, with the goal of having them serve as distractions from what he was actually doing, perhaps even making them think he was still on the surface.

What’s more, the orbs even benefitted from his stealth skill, making people not notice them even as they spread out throughout a large part of the planet, ready to explode once the set timer expired. Jake didn’t even aim them anywhere specific and was fine with them simply exploding in the middle of nothing, as the explosion itself should be good enough to serve as a distraction.

Still keeping an eye on any C-grades coming for him, Jake soon spotted a good place to start if he wanted to reach the core of the planet quickly. From what he knew about Ell’Hakan’s planet, it was rife with volcanic activity, and it didn’t take him long to find one of the largest volcanos on the entire planet. What’s more, from a distance, he could even see it was active.

Flying closer, he felt the presence of peak-tier D-grade elementals formed within due to the dense mana. Jake smiled when he released a quick Pulse of Perception, the result from it being pretty good.

Goes far down.

Jake had never been super into physics when young, but he did know some things. One of those was that some volcanos tended to reach a lot deeper into the ground than people thought, and if he remembered correctly, some of the deepest on Earth before the system had connected magma chambers nearly halfway to the core. While he was still guessing, he had a good feeling a massive volcano like this would also reach pretty damn deep.

That’s right... Jake’s plan was to use a volcano as a highway toward the planet’s core chamber by following the magma as far down as he could.

The prior times Jake had wanted to explore deeper parts of Earth, Jake hadn’t used a strategy like this, as it was pretty damn risky. Traveling through deep water was already a risky endeavor, so it shouldn’t need to be said that going through lava was even more dangerous.

Well, technically, most of his journey would be going through magma- seeing as lava was the molten rock above ground, and magma the molten rock below the surface.

Anyhow, risky for sure. Not just because the magma would get incredibly hot and suffocating but because of the beings that lived within it, especially in the deepest layers. The hotter it got, the less viscous it would become, nearly being reminiscent of water at its most extreme. At that point, Jake would also expect there to be a lot of powerful elementals around, most of them reaching the upper tiers of C-grade.

So, as an early-tier C-grade, trying to have what would effectively be underwater combat with a bunch of elementals on their home turf would have been pretty damn dumb. However, as a late-tier C-grade, Jake didn’t believe anything could truly threaten him. From what Jake had briefly observed, the average level of monsters on Ell’Hakan’s planet was also lower than that of Earth, likely correlated with the planet also being a fair deal smaller.

All this put together gave Jake confidence to use this method, even if he had admittedly theorized a lot of his reasoning based on what he’d read and briefly spoken with others about, but in the end, the best way to confirm something was to check it out himself.

Speeding up, Jake curved and flew straight down into the volcano, covering his body in a layer of stable arcane energy just before impact. The lava was pretty damn viscous in the upper layers and far from easy to get through as Jake had to channel destructive arcane energy to forge himself a path forward.

Despite the resistance, he still kept a good pace, using his Sphere and pulses to find his way through the lava. The heat was far from able to bother someone of Jake’s level, at least not yet, and he quickly made progress as he got deeper and deeper.

It didn’t take him long to reach the deeper layer, where the heat significantly increased. Once there, he had to focus a bit more on not being burned, but he could also speed up as there was less resistance.

Of course, he also had to regulate pressure and whatnot, and honestly, it didn’t differ much from diving underwater, except for it being a fair deal hotter. Seeing through magma was also a lot harder, but Jake had enough Perception to make out his surroundings quite clearly, meaning he didn’t have to put mental pressure on himself by spamming out constant Pulses of Perception to make sure he was going the right way.

He did still release one occasionally, and with every one he sent out, he continued to be pleasantly surprised. He kept finding new connecting paths to the magma chambers he was currently in leading further down, and all of them went nearly in a straight line. After ten or so more minutes, his surroundings were also so damn hot the magma was far, far less viscous, allowing him to continue speeding up more and more.

As he kept diving, Jake wasn’t even sure what kind of temperature his surroundings reached. It was definitely above where any metal before the system would have melted, and Jake couldn’t help but consider how far he would have been able to dive into the pre-system sun with his current body.

The current sun wasn’t an option, as it had become a lot more powerful. The heat wasn’t even toward the top of the list of dangerous shit going on with stars, after all. Either way, it was a fun thought to dive into a star... alas, Jake would need to be a fair bit stronger before he could do that.

For now, he had to be satisfied with swimming in lava many thousands of kilometers beneath the surface of a planet.

Soon enough, Jake also began to encounter his fair share of C-grade magma elementals just chilling in the environment, absorbing the mana. Jake had long stopped bothering with his stealth skill, and even if these elementals noticed him, he flew by too fast for them to do anything. Not that they wanted to do anything. In fact, in the brief moments some of them did notice him, they quickly veered away, instinctively knowing impeding his path would be dangerous.

Even as the elementals got more powerful, they kept avoiding Jake, who was still speeding up with every passing moment. His stable arcane energy once more proved its incredible power against environmental mana as Jake just kept going further and further down toward the core.

Sometimes, cruel coincidences – assuming it was a coincidence - just happened... and what went down on Ell’Hakan’s homeworld was one such cruel event. Or perhaps it was luck. No matter what, time would prove who it would benefit.

Not even five minutes after Jake dove into the volcano, the teleporter in the capital city on the planet lit up, and out walked Ell’Hakan, a serious look on his face as he didn’t hesitate to head for the throne room. As he walked, he sent messages to his generals, and by the time he got there, most of them had also arrived.

“Report,” he said immediately, frankly having little idea what was going on... but by the expressions on his follower’s faces, things weren’t good. They also all felt nervous telling him, but they nevertheless still did as ordered.

“My Lord... only a scarce few minutes ago, attacks descended upon the planet from beyond the skies. Arrows,” the general said, Ell’Hakan’s eyes opening wide. “They struck several cities, and we are yet to have a death toll, but-“

“Are the attacks still ongoing?” Ell’Hakan questioned.

“They are less frequent now, but there are still attacks spread throughout, but they seem different from those prior,” the general continued explaining. “We have fortified all defenses where relevant.”

Ell’Hakan nodded while in thought. The Chosen of the Malefic Viper had attacked far faster than he’d expected him to. What’s more, he hadn’t expected the hunter to teleport straight to his planet and begin destroying the surface. It was so odd he even doubted it was the Chosen for a second, but as he had the generals elaborate more, he became certain it was him.

The Chosen of the Malefic Viper didn’t seem like the type who cared for causing civil unrest or killing the general populace, and it didn’t take Ell’Hakan long to conclude why he had launched those attacks. Nor did it take him long to realize why he’d stopped.

He was trying to bait me out... and when I didn’t show, he slowed down. Likely to conserve resources. That means the occasional attacks hitting now are just probing shots to still try and lure me.

It was almost too obvious, but Ell’Hakan could see many fall for it. The Chosen knew Ell’Hakan gained power from his followers, so targeting them was almost likely directly attacking him. Ell’Hakan did also consider showing out in the open but stopped himself.

He was more confident than ever before, but he also knew that overconfidence was a great way to get yourself killed, and even a liogara should use its full strength when hunting a tooth-snapper... and the hunter was no mere tooth-snapper. The hunter was just that – a hunter. He’d also clearly shown his capabilities to launch attacks from orbit, and the generals informed him that many of the attacks weren’t fully visible before they struck the ground, making it evident powerful stealth skills were also at work.

It wasn’t a stretch to assume he had quite a welcome ready for Ell’Hakan. One that the nahoom would be fine with skipping, which was why he ultimately chose to stay put within the palace for now.

The capital’s barrier, alongside the extra defenses on the palace itself, would make it very unwise for the hunter to attack by breaking through those first. He was also surrounded by the generals who remained on the planet and had quite a few competent fighters on standby.

Admittedly, most were spread throughout the galaxy to maintain order during the “truce” that had just ended with the death of his former Patron. And from the following reports from his generals, they were also dealing with quite the mess themselves, as the forces of the Chosen’s planet had begun to make their move.

Ell’Hakan sighed. Things had gotten messy quickly, and the time it took to do the Usurper Ritual had a far bigger impact than he could have expected. However, chaos was also a strong anvil for one to forge themselves into something more powerful. It would be a good test for his followers, and even if they all fell, he still had his backup plan handy.

Of course, in the end, he resolved himself to the simplest solution of all. Yip of Yore had feared the multiversal consequences of pissing off large factions, but Ell’Hakan didn’t have any of those concerns.

The Holy Church would bear all burdens and consequences. Besides, this was something long coming. Ell’Hakan still remembered the emotions from the Chosen of the Malefic Viper during the Nevermore after-party, and even if he tried to hide it with his acting and the fact he couldn’t use his Bloodline during their most recent meeting, Ell’Hakan was sure. Even more now than an hour ago.

No matter how long passed, the Chosen of the Malefic Viper was determined to kill Ell’Hakan. Seeing as they couldn’t live under the same sky, the only real solution was indeed the simplest one:

To kill the hunter before he had the chance to kill Ell’Hakan, and now was a time better than any, as Ell’Hakan had never felt stronger. Plus... they were on his home turf. Now, he just had to wait because while he believed the Chosen of the Viper had a way to teleport to the planet, Ell’Hakan felt pretty damn confident he didn’t have a way back without it being detectable unless he used the Prima Vessel. A Vessel that now dwelled in the basement beneath the very throne room he was waiting in.

Jake broke through another tough stone wall, entering another long tunnel leading straight down. After flying for a bit, he spotted another shortcut as he used his Alchemical Flame to quickly burn a hole in the wall, revealing a sea of magma on the other side that began to pour out instantly.

Entering the newly created hole, Jake used the magma chamber to reach even further down, using its connected chambers to get even deeper. There were a few C-grade elementals just above level 300 in this large magma sea, but none attacked Jake as he flew by.

Breaking another wall, he entered a new magma-free cavern that seemed to stretch quite far down, letting Jake speed up even more as he few. A large rock beetle was lying in wait beneath the ground in the passageway, but all Jake did was flare his aura as he went by, making it not make a move. More likely than not, it instead hoped Jake hadn’t noticed it in hiding.

A few more caverns and tunnels later, and at the edge of his Pulse, he finally saw it. A big empty space ahead of him, and based on how far he’d traveled so far, the distance did seem right. Speeding up even more, Jake soon reached his destination, and after passing through a final tunnel, he saw the large open space in front of him.

Entering the core chamber, Jake finally stopped and calmed himself. He saw the floating Planetary Pylon right there in the middle, pulsing with power and the familiar presence of Ell’Hakan, making it evident he had claimed it.

Even as he floated there, he felt his emotions get messed with. Getting his teeth, Jake was more determined than ever as his eyes turned cold.

“Should have placed actual defenses at the core,” Jake muttered as he prepared to get to work. For a long time, he’d considered how he would go about something like this, but not this time. No, this time, he had a very good idea of what he planned... and a sweet new skill to test out in the process.




***
Chapter 1022: Bargain & Choice


***






Jake surveyed the core room a while longer to get a proper understanding of the environment. After having done so, he got to work with making a simple set of magic circles to facilitate what was to come.

Now, Jake had long considered how he could fuck with a Planetary Core, and the most obvious answer was the mythical Sin weapon he carried around. Using Eternal Hunger, Jake didn’t doubt he would be able to destroy an entire planet using his current ritual magic skills, but… he wasn’t dealing with a Planetary Core right now.

Cores were unclaimed. Natural. Seeing as they were part of the environment, they didn’t possess any innate will or intent, which made them a lot weaker to outside influence. It was like the difference between a stone wall summoned by a mage to block an attack or a natural wall of stone.

Once the Planetary Core became a Planetary Pylon, its defenses were heightened to an entirely new level. Someone like the Child of Loss wouldn’t be able to do much to a Planetary Pylon as it would passively fight back according to the will of the owner, and that wasn’t a fight any C-grade had a chance of winning.

Jake also knew that Touch of the Malefic Viper wouldn’t be enough. This isn’t to say Jake didn’t have any methods in mind. Given enough time and a complex enough ritual, Jake should be able to slowly influence the Pylon, though, once more, it wouldn’t be any fast endeavor.

Perhaps this was why Ell’Hakan hadn’t bothered much with placing defenses at the Pylon. He didn’t expect anyone to be able to cause it any harm, especially not before he would notice. As the owner, he would naturally be notified the second anyone messed with it, putting into risk any long-term ritual. The only times such rituals were useful tended to be with the World Leader missing or put out of commission, neither of which were true here.

All of this is to say that Jake had planned on just killing Ell’Hakan as his primary goal for a reason. Now, things had changed, and he now had the confidence to take on the Pylon due to a certain new skill.

As a reminder, when Jake reached level 260 in his profession, he got the skill called Chosen’s Offering of the Malefic Viper. A skill he hadn’t touched a single time ever since getting it despite its legendary rarity. The reason for this was because of the other skill he was offered alongside it… one he had now picked after reaching level 290 during his Villy roasting session above Primordial-4.

[Heretic’s Offering of the Malefic Viper (Legendary)] – To infringe upon the domain of the Malefic Viper and rob the Primordial’s Records is a great achievement. Allows the alchemist to make an offer to the Malefic Viper and be granted an Offering Fragment. Based on the value of the innate Records in the offering, you will be rewarded with a better Offering Fragment. The Offering Fragment contains Records and energy related to the Malefic Viper and can help empower other sources of Records and energy related to the Malefic Viper. All offerings must surpass a certain threshold to be submittable, and to hide your heretical actions from the Malefic One, there is an internal cooldown of the skill dependent on the value of the Offering Fragment received.

It was a skill practically identical to Chosen’s Offering of the Malefic Viper, except for some changes in wording and whatnot. What the skill would do was effectively allow Jake to offer stuff to Villy and get a catalyst for alchemy in return. At least, that’s how he read it.

Jake had very purposefully not used the Chosen’s Offering skill because he assumed doing so would mean losing the ability to pick the Heretic’s Offering one. Alright, there was a risk he would cut him off from the other skill merely by picking the first one, but things had gone the way he’d hoped.

Especially after he picked the second one… and what he’d hoped for happened. The two legendary skills that were so damn alike they might as well have been one turned out to indeed be part of a greater whole. Well, Jake assumed they were, based on how they’d instantly merged with one another. This merge of skills had given Jake something he wasn’t sure how worked, but it had to be good based on the fact it was mythical. Right?

[Divine Bargain of the Malefic Viper (Mythical)] – In your eyes, to make an offering is an act of subservience you refuse to take part in. No, to you, the Malefic One is an equal you deem yourself worthy of bargaining with. Allows the Heretic-Chosen to initiate a Divine Bargain using an entity he wishes to use for negotiation, forcibly creating an equal exchange between himself and the Malefic Viper. Upon successfully performing a Divine Bargain, the Heretic-Chosen will, by default, receive a Malefic Bargaining Fragment but may be granted other benefits based on the nature of the Divine Bargain. Malefic Bargaining Fragments contains Records and energy related to the Malefic Viper and can help empower other sources of Records and energy related to the Malefic Viper. Under certain conditions, the Malefic One can actively take part in the Divine Bargaining. Laws of equivalent exchange must be upheld to a certain standard. All bargained entities must surpass a certain threshold of Records to be submittable. This skill has an internal cooldown based on the nature of the Divine Bargain performed.

Right off the bat, it was a really long skill description. Jake did like it a lot more than the previous ones, though. Divine Bargain also sounded a lot more appealing than making an offering, as it was something one did between equals. Well, as equal as a god and mortal could become.

As for the skill itself, it was indeed quite complex, but it had the same concept as the offering ones for the most part. It would allow Jake to give Villy stuff, and Villy would give him a Malefic Bargaining Shard back in return, at least most of the time. With this version, he could also get other benefits, it seemed, with neither the system nor the innate knowledge he’d been granted telling him what these other benefits were.

What the innate knowledge did let him know was how to do a Divine Bargain. More accurately, it let him know how many ways there were to do it. It also included what he could offer and do with the skill. The more he studied the innate knowledge, he also realized that the skill had some rather unbalanced features, in his humble opinion, one of which would become clear once he was done setting up his ritual in the core chamber.

He also felt as if his decision not to use the skill had been good based on the first section of the skill. At least, it would have been very weird if it spoke about not agreeing to give offerings if he had actually used the skill to ever give any. Getting stuck with just the Chosen’s Offering skill would have sucked majorly, and more likely than not, even ended up hurting Jake’s Path as a Heretic-Chosen down the line as merely possessing the skill could be viewed as an act of subservience.

Oh, also, small side note… Jake found it really funny that both Chosen’s Offering and Heretic’s Offering had actual explanations for the skill’s cooldown period. Meanwhile, with the Divine Bargain, the system just straight-up told him it had a cooldown, borderline admitting it was entirely system-imposed and nothing else. Then again, based on all his talks with Villy, the system likely had its reasons for placing such a cooldown on a skill, and he should actually be happy he couldn’t use it constantly, as doing so would have fucked him up long-term somehow.

Anyway, there was still a lot to unpack with the skill, and Jake felt like it would need quite a few uses to fully understand it. For now, he had to prepare to initiate his first Divine Bargain, which was why he needed a ritual circle.

Starting a Divine Bargain wasn’t as simple as pointing at something and going: “Villy, I’ve come to bargain!” but you had to actually set up proper conditions. The simplest way of doing this was to set up a ritual circle, but other things like having a permanent altar or something like that would also work, a bit like how Miranda had her permanent ritual site below her office in Haven.

Jake preferred to just go the ritual route, though, primarily because he was actually pretty good at rituals by now. Continuing to work on the ritual circles, he prepared to create a spherical magic circle wrapped around the Planetary Pylon to initiate everything.

Now… before, it was touched upon how a C-grade couldn’t realistically destroy a Pylon. Jake couldn’t destroy one either, but he knew instinctively he could bargain with it. Of course, it wasn’t as simple as just initiating the bargain. No, he also had to claim ownership during the bargaining process.

In other words, the ritual would set into motion Jake laying claim on the Pylon with the intent of offering it to the Malefic Viper. This would put Ell’Hakan on a timer, with Jake getting the Pylon if either too long time passed or, preferably, he killed Ell’Hakan.

As for Ell’Hakan stopping the ritual? Well… it wasn’t really Jake doing the ritual, now was it? No, it was him and the Malefic Viper taking part in the Divine Bargain. So, for Ell’Hakan, his only choice was to either make Jake flee far enough away so that the Divine Bargain would be interrupted – which would require him to force Jake off the planet, seeing as the entire planet was technically what was being bargained – or to kill Jake. Something he assumed Ell’Hakan also viewed as the best option.

Funnily enough, one of the things Jake didn’t really consider was what he could potentially get out of the Divine Bargain in the first place. Neither did he consider that it was pretty crazy for him to offer something that didn’t even belong to him as part of a bargain. What’s more, it was even something that would actively benefit him to get rid of.

Then again… it did take a special kind of mindset and arrogance to believe yourself worthy of dealing with gods as equal to be able to perform something like a Divine Bargain.

One thing that Jake had thought plenty of while ignoring all those other practical things was the facial expression Ell’Hakan would get once he noticed what Jake was up to, and as his preparations were nearing completion, he really couldn’t wait.

“Still no signs of him?” Ell’Hakan asked the gathered mages, all of them looking nervous. He already knew the answer to his question, but he still asked.

“None, Celestial One,” the oldest of the mages said with a bow. “We’ve scanned the skies and sent out many scouts, but we fear his stealth skills may be beyond our capabilities.”

“I see,” Ell’Hakan nodded, tapping the armrest of his throne with a finger. This entire scenario was a rather frustrating one. He wanted to just go out there and look himself, but he knew it would be too risky in case the Chosen of the Malefic Viper was just sitting in wait, like a snake hiding in its mound.

Ell’Hakan had also been actively monitoring the entire planet and even what was slightly outside of it for large ripples in space. One of the things he and his mages had discovered was that these forced teleportations to planets were far from subtle and caused quite a detectable ripple in space. Based on readings, only one teleportation had been performed in the immediate surroundings of Ell’Hakan’s homeworld, meaning they were likely only dealing with the hunter.

This monitoring of space wasn’t just to see if he would be getting reinforcements. It was as much to see if the hunter would flee after his initial attack hadn’t found its mark. Ell’Hakan knew he could teleport back to his own Prima Vessel whenever he wanted using the ring part of the system event, but that ring also wasn’t very subtle. Detection magic attuned to the Prima Guardian Alliance teleportation circles would instantly detect if he used it, but so far, nothing.

Which was why Ell’Hakan found himself so frustrated. While he could contribute somewhat, being trapped in his own palace with a war ravaging the Milky Way Galaxy didn’t help at all. He even considered if the hunter was just trying to keep him there to help his allies gain more ground in the conflict.

All he got were reports of them facing more and more problems, especially when faced with the elites of Earth. Truthfully, Ell’Hakan did envy the allies the Chosen of the Malefic Viper had gathered around him. He had, in part, gotten lucky by encountering them, but he’d also actively helped create these powerful allies, so maybe he shouldn’t be too envious. He also had to remember he would have plenty of chances to make his own allies in the near future alongside the Holy Church.

As Ell’Hakan was still considering matters while getting constant updates and giving orders to the people he’d spread across the galaxy, the gate to the throne room opened as the Augur walked in.

“Augur, I do not have the time to-“

“Make time,” the Augur said, looking Ell’Hakan directly in the eyes.

The nahoom frowned as he raised a hand. “Clear the room.”

None of his subordinates questioned him as they instantly left, with only a few of his closest generals staying. Looking at them, Ell’Hakan shook his head. “Everyone but me and the Augur.”

The generals looked surprised but still nodded as they left the room, closing the gate behind them. Doing so also activated the passive seals, hiding the conversation about to take place from everyone.

“You delayed me on purpose back there after the ritual… and if you hadn’t, I would have been back around the time the Chosen of the Malefic Viper attacked,” Ell’Hakan said, glaring at the Augur.

“Yes,” the human simply nodded.

“Why?” Ell’Hakan asked, genuinely unsure. He didn’t even know if the Augur doing so had helped or harmed him. It was entirely possible he would have gotten attacked unprepared if he had teleported back a bit earlier, but it was equally possible he had just lost a great opportunity to kill the hunter.

The Augur was silent for a moment before sighing. “My purpose is to guide people onto their most ideal Paths. For people like you and him, it’s nearly impossible for me to give any advice, but I do have some insights. Going through with the ritual was a good thing for you and will help strengthen your foundation for what’s to come… and wasting all that isn’t in the interest of me or the Holy Church.”

“Wasting it, huh…” Ell’Hakan muttered.

“You still have obligations towards the Holy Church. Ones you must fulfill,” The Augur continued. “So, allow me to give you some advice, not just from the Church, but as an Augur who wishes to guide you… leave. Leave this planet and, eventually, this galaxy. You are to be part of the Holy Church, the largest organization in the entire multiverse. Anything you lose here can be rebuilt a hundredfold elsewhere.”

Ell’Hakan looked at the Augur, reading his emotions as a wry smile appeared on his lips. “You don’t want me to fight the hunter.”

“I do not,” he shook his head.

“Even after everything, you still view him as a friend, huh?” Ell’Hakan asked, and the brief emotional ripple he got from the Augur served as confirmation. “You’re really willing to go far to save him. Then again, I would guess the Holy Church prefers a scenario where they don’t make the Malefic Viper, who’s just shown himself to not be as washed up as first believed, an enemy.”

“You misunderstand,” the Augur sighed, looking at the floor.

“I do?” Ell’Hakan raised an eyebrow. “Are you perhaps implying that the Chosen of the Malefic Viper is more powerful than I, even on my own homeworld?”

“That’s not what I’m saying either. I’m not even going to comment on that, as it’s not my place,” the Augur once more just sighed as he looked up at Ell’Hakan. “What I am saying is that you have a choice to make now. A crossroads is before you. On one path, you stay here and fight the Chosen of the Malefic Viper and whatever that might bring. The other is one where you leave with the Holy Church, putting the past behind you. One where you forget the enemies you inherited from Yip of Yore and focus solely on the future. With time, all old wounds have a chance to mend, and while I’m not saying you could ever be allies or even people who don’t hold hatred toward each other, this will be the only option where the two of you even have a chance to coexist.”

“So you want me to run?”

“I want you to choose, aware that what you do today will define your life and Path going forward,” the Augur said, his words genuine. “I won’t make the choice for you, but I will let you make an informed one and advise you that some fights aren’t worth it.”

Ell’Hakan looked down at the Augur, unsure what exactly he was playing at. Was he trying to protect the hunter? Was he genuine in his advice? Based on his emotional readings, it did appear that Augur was genuine.

“Tell me, and don’t skirt around this one… who do you think would win if we fought?”

“Neither,” the Augur answered without any hesitation. “The only loser will be the Holy Church, no matter the outcome.”

“You really are frustrating,” Ell’Hakan sighed. “But, fine. You’ve said your piece. Now leave.”

The Augur nodded. “Don’t take my word lightly. This is perhaps the most impactful choice you’ll ever make.”

Ell’Hakan waved him off, the Augur turning around and walking toward the gate leading out of the throne room. However, just before exiting, he stopped and looked back at Ell’Hakan.

“You still underestimate him… not because you are overestimating yourself or downplaying him, but because you continue to fail to grasp exactly what you’re dealing with.”

With those words, the Augur walked out of the gate, not giving Ell’Hakan a chance to respond.




***
Chapter 1023: Worthy of Being Called Rivals


***






Ell’Hakan stood atop the highest tower the palace had, alone, as he stared up at the starry sky and two moons hanging far above. He was still hidden within the barrier of the palace but potentially out in the open enough for the hunter to take his shot. However, so far, nothing.

It was nighttime, and he had a lot of matters on his mind. His most recent conversation with the Augur had truly given him food for thought, and he could admit that what would happen next would be hugely impactful for his Path.

He saw a total of four major Paths before him based on the choices he made and the outcomes of these choices. The first two included running as the Augur proposed. He would flee to another planet ruled by the Holy Church and lay low there until the Prima Guardian event was fully completed, at which point he would teleport to another universe and into the heartlands of the Holy Church. If he was there, no external threats mattered anymore.

The question from there would be if the Augur was correct because that’s where Ell’Hakan saw a potential issue. He knew the emotions of the hunter, and currently, he doubted that the Chosen of the Malefic One would simply forgive and forget, no matter how long passed.

He saw his two Paths with the Holy Church either ending with him living in peace or, more realistically, getting hunted down after many years. And, if he was being perfectly honest, he wasn’t sure either option appealed to him, as he’d never wanted a peaceful life in the first place.

The second two options included fighting the Chosen of the Malefic Viper. Such a fight would naturally have one of the two outcomes: each where either party won. It really didn’t need to be more complicated than that.

So, to run or fight. The Holy Church obviously wanted him to run, and Ell’Hakan knew why. They wanted his Bloodline. That was the deal they’d made, after all. That’s why they wanted him to pick the safest option available, and he was sure the Holy Church’s ideal scenario was one where Ell’Hakan went with them, advanced a few grades more under their influence, before giving them children who inherited his Bloodline... at which point they would no longer need him.

They didn’t care about him reaching his full potential. If he went with the Church, he also knew the lingering sense of regret from having run away from the fight would haunt him for the rest of his life. Chances are he wouldn’t be able to go as far as he should rightfully be able to, especially now that he’d become the Usurper of Yip of Yore.

No... even if he thought about everything logically, he really only saw himself having one real choice. Ell’Hakan was now stronger than ever before, and while he could admit that the Chosen of the Malefic Viper was superior to him in potential, that didn’t mean the hunter was stronger right at this moment. In the future, the gap would only widen, which made now the best moment to strike.

Should Ell’Hakan win, he would not only have removed a potential threat to his life down the line but cement his Path as a Usurper by creating a legend right off the bat. Proof that even if Yip of Yore had fallen to the Malefic Viper, his Chosen had still been superior to the Viper’s Chosen.

Even if he would face backlash from it, the Holy Church still wanted and needed him... and given enough time, he had confidence in getting real influence within the faction. He would make them see him as more than just a way to get his Bloodline, but as someone they truly couldn’t do without. Again, it wouldn’t be anything fast, but he had confidence down the line.

Of course, it all required him to actually beat the hunter, but as mentioned, Ell’Hakan didn’t feel like he had any better choice. It was either fight now while he was at his strongest just after the Usurper ritual, while even on his own homeworld, and with the hunter potentially still slightly weakened due to his recent soul damage, or sit back and wait for the hunter to kill him in the future.

So, even if he only had a one-in-a-thousand chance to win, it was the only option available. Besides, he believed his chances were a lot better than that, even if he wasn’t necessarily favored.

Having determined himself, Ell’Hakan gave the night sky a final look before walking down the staircase of the tower. Now he just needed to find the Chosen of the Malefic Viper... which turned out to be quite an easy task, considering about halfway down he got a notification that made his eyes open wide.

“The Planetary Pylon?”

For a moment, Ell’Hakan questioned what the hell the hunter could possibly be doing, but he knew it was a waste of time thinking, and the notification made it clear the Pylon was under actual threat. Without hesitating further, he rushed down the stairs and toward the Prima Vessel to teleport down there... and finally begin the confrontation that would decide how the ill-fated relationship between himself and the hunter would end.

Jake felt pretty damn happy about the ritual circle he’d finally cooked up. Well, multiple circles. With careful hands, he placed them all around the Planetary Pylon. The energy given off by the Pylon aimed to destabilize the magic, but Jake had infused all the circles with enough stability for him to finish what he was doing.

After all the circles were done and placed correctly, several more hours had passed. He was ready to go, but Jake didn’t immediately begin as he instead took out a mana potion and consumed it. He then placed barriers around all the magic circles to keep them safe as he sat down in meditation for an hour to fully restore himself and get the potion cooldown back while getting him to an optimal state before the fight he assumed would soon come.

Back in near-top condition, Jake stood up and dispelled the barriers that were pausing the ritual. He then activated his ritualism skill once more and moved all the magic circles to make them overlap and bend as they, one by one, wrapped around the Planetary Pylon. They weren’t active yet, but they were still struggling due to the intense energy given off by the Pylon.

Either way, they would hold on long enough as Jake finally activated the ritual. Intense energy began to radiate from the magic circles, and he felt the Pylon instantly begin to fight back, but it was too late as Jake invited someone else into the core room.

“Divine Bargain of the Malefic Viper,” Jake spoke as he held out a palm toward the Planetary Pylon.

If you stumble upon this tale on Amazon, it's taken without the author's consent. Report it.

For a second, nothing happened. Then, suddenly, the energy began to change in intensity and aura while taking on a dark green sheen. The wrapping of magic circles broke apart in an instant but was just as instantly replaced with something far more powerful. A dozen dark green snakes appeared in the magic circles’ stead, encasing and wrapping themselves around the core like were they constrictors.

At the same time, Jake also felt a connection with whatever was going on as something was drained out of him. He didn’t know exactly what, but it mixed with the divine aura of the Malefic Viper and made the snakes take on a purplish gleam reminiscent of Jake’s arcane affinity. Right as they changed color, they also stopped squirming and froze, knowledge entering Jake’s mind.

The bargain was underway, and the system was evaluating everything as it slowly laid claim to the Pylon. Jake couldn’t help but smile as everything had gone as planned so far. While it wasn’t very feasible for C-grades to go around claiming and bargaining entire planets like this, in the realm of the gods, this was nothing. That’s why the system even entertained the idea... because it was both Jake and Villy doing the bargaining.

That’s also why Jake knew no one could stop the Divine Bargain once it had been initiated. Doing so would require whoever tried to overcome not only the aspects of Jake part of the skill but also those belonging to the Viper.

Jake, realizing he had marveled at his own new skill for a bit too long, stopped fucking around and retreated away from the Planetary Core as he also began to enter stealth once more. What he’d just done would surely have notified Ell’Hakan that shit was going down, and it was only a question of time before there would be some kind of response.

Now, Jake was fully aware that deep underground was a shitty place to fight for him, but if that was the only thing he could reasonably get, he would take it. He also considered for a moment if he should pull out his special Eternal Hunger arrow here and now but stopped himself.

If Ell’Hakan was the one coming, he would more than likely do so through the Prima Vessel. If that was the case, he would have to leave it out of its one exit, yes, but he’d also be incredibly close to an impenetrable barrier leading into an indestructible system-made vessel with teleportation features inside.

All of that is to say, Ell’Hakan had a good chance to avoid the arrow, and even if Jake hit, if it failed to end the former Chosen in an instant, the nahoom would have an easy escape path. And to be clear, Jake didn’t believe the Eternal Hunger arrow was enough to kill him in one go, especially not after the Usurper Ritual Jake suspected him of having gone through. Just like how Jake had Moment of the Primal Hunter, he suspected Ell’Hakan to have a similar survival skill.

No, it would be far better to bait the other Chosen into a long-drawn fight before Jake would unleash his real trump cards. Also... perhaps it was just Jake’s vanity speaking, but he didn’t want it to be over too quickly.

Jake didn’t like Ell’Hakan and wanted him dead, yes, but he also recognized the guy was the number two of their generation. He was a supreme genius in his own right, and Jake simply wouldn’t have the opportunity to fight many of his kind. The duel with the Sword Saint was still a core memory for Jake, and it had been an invaluable opportunity.

Hopefully, Ell’Hakan would help push Jake even further.

As Jake was thinking about all these things, something finally happened. Space began to ripple violently, and just below the Planetary Pylon, the large Prima Vessel teleported into the core room. The large metal vessel looked kind of small, considering the massive size of the core room that would serve as the initial battleground of what was to come.

Preparing himself, Jake stood near a tunnel leading out of the core room with his stealth skill active. Taking out an arrow, Jake nocked it as the stealth field appeared all around him, masking the energies of his charging Arcane Powershot.

He slowly charged the arrow so he could keep it ready for longer as he patiently waited. He knew it didn’t take long to exit the vessel, yet as the seconds passed, he got more and more confused as nothing happened. Had Ell’Hakan brought more people with him? Were they strategizing inside? Waiting for him to go in or something? Jake could only look outside the Prima Vessel due to his sphere, so they shouldn’t be able to see what happened in the outside world... so why the delay? To figure it out, he released a Pulse of Perception, and through it, he saw someone standing right there at the exit, waiting.

More than a minute passed before Jake clicked his tongue and stopped charging his arrow to not put a strain on his body before the fight even began... and only a second after he lowered his bow, movement was seen as a single figure stepped out of the Prima Vessel, his voice echoing.

“Goodness, you gotta learn how to suppress that killing intent of yours... it’s quite an overpowering sensation,” Ell’Hakan said as he turned and looked directly at where Jake was in stealth. “You should know that even if you can hide your body and energies, you cannot hide your emotions.”

Jake’s stealth was dispelled as he still stood with his lowered bow and looked down at the former Chosen, now Usurper.

“You went through with your own Usurper Ritual, huh? Stole my idea?” Jake said in a semi-joking tone.

“Great minds think alike, isn’t that what they say? Gotta be ready for the worst-case scenario in all situations, especially when that scenario is the most probable outcome,” Ell’Hakan said in his usual calm tone, more or less admitting he’d expected Yip of Yore to lose.

“And people call me a heretic, yet here you are, actively plotting against your Patron,” Jake scoffed, shaking his head.

“I’m no heretic, and I never was. I believed in Yip of Yore up until the second he died, at which point I inherited his will and power. My so-called betrayal only came after his demise, at which point, can we really call it a betrayal?” Ell’Hakan said, seemingly wanting to start a fight about semantics.

Jake kept looking at Ell’Hakan as he felt for any changes to his emotional spectrum as they spoke, but so far he detected nothing... which was both comforting and concerning. Comforting because it indicated that while he could detect emotions from quite far away, his range to manipulate them remained limited. Concerning because it was also possible that his assessment was entirely incorrect, and Ell’Hakan had just gotten so good at fucking with emotions that Jake couldn’t detect it even while actively trying to.

“I will say I’m surprised you showed up alone. Well, unless you’re hiding an army within the vessel, that is,” Jake said, partly to probe if he was actually alone or had help coming.

“Sadly, my most reliable allies are rather preoccupied elsewhere, and of those I could bring, I believe they wouldn’t be of much help. As we get stronger and stronger, the gaps between the average and the pinnacle only keep expanding. I find it rather envious that you have such truly reliable allies at your side who can be useful, even when it’s in fights at the pinnacle,” Ell’Hakan said, his voice sounding genuine as he continued.

“It’s rather funny... before I came here, I spoke with the Augur. Your friend. He advised me to avoid fighting you and just leave everything behind for a fresh start in another universe. I considered it quite extensively, and even after I made my choice to come here, doubt still lingered... but after seeing you now, I know for sure,” Ell’Hakan said, tiling his head and looking at Jake with a smile. “I feel your hatred. Your grudge. And it only confirms that neither of us will have peace before the other is dead.”

“That may be one area where we’re actually in complete agreement,” Jake answered, and without further ago, whipped up his bow and loosed an arrow toward the nahoom below.

Ell’Hakan responded by instantly summoning a trident, striking the arrow with it as an explosion of arcane energy erupted, the blast going away from the nahoom. Ell’Hakan didn’t say anything more as he knew that, for now, the time for words was over, and the time to see if they were truly worthy of being called rivals had come.




***
Chapter 1024: Jake Thayne vs Ell'Hakan (1)


***






A barrage of explosions filled the core chamber as Ell’Hakan dodged or blocked every attack Jake made, but he wasn’t able to find an opening to counterattack either. At least, Jake assumed he couldn’t, but it turned out he was somewhat distracted by something else in the room.

The Planetary Pylon was obviously an object of interest to Ell’Hakan, more specifically, the arcane-tinged black snakes that had wrapped themselves around it. This resulted in the first attack Ell’Hakan launched not being aimed at Jake but the core instead as the nahoom was probing what would happen.

A blast of deep yellow flames erupted from his trident and enveloped the large Planetary Pylon, doing absolutely nothing as a thin, nearly invisible barrier appeared around the entire Pylon, blocking any and all attacks.

All it took was this one attack for Ell’Hakan to conclude he wouldn’t be able to do anything to the Pylon as he instead fully focused on Jake. It was evident whatever was going on with the Planetary Pylon still bothered him a lot, but he just as evidently realized that now wasn’t the time to try and figure it out and that, more likely than not, whatever was happening would end with Jake’s death.

During his brief probing of it, he’d smartly also tried to use the Pylon as cover during his attack but hadn’t been prepared as two arrows curved around the large Pylon, one from each side.

He blocked one of them but failed to fully avoid the second as a small cut was made on his shoulder. Usually, such a wound was nothing, but against Jake, the Chosen of the Malefic Viper, it dealt far more damage than it normally would, courtesy of Jake’s homecooked Heartrot Poison.

Ell’Hakan didn’t seem bothered by the attack, though, as he instantly went on the offensive. Flying over the core, he beelined for Jake, making the hunter jump to the side, having decided to use the vast open space within the core room as the initial site of this battle. He knew Ell’Hakan relied on celestial concepts and was very skilled in using the sun affinity, so hopefully, fighting underground would weaken him a little.

While dodging, Jake loosed an arrow that split into dozens before exploding, but Ell’Hakan stabbed forward with his trident, unleashing an explosion of burning light that canceled out Jake’s attack as he continued his chase.

He’s fast. Faster than expected... but not too fast.

Right as Ell’Hakan reached Jake, the hunter stepped down and teleported away, spinning around in mid-air to release three arrows in quick succession that Ell’Hakan quickly blocked, or at least he tried to, as one of them once more left a cut.

Ell’Hakan again seemed unbothered as he attacked but focused a bit more on defense this time around while also switching to using ranged attacks of his own. Beams of burning sunlight shot toward Jake at incredible speeds – unsurprisingly, considering it was effectively a form of light magic – seeking to scorch him.

While the sunlight wasn’t too damaging, its speed made it a dangerous attack nonetheless, and truthfully, Jake wouldn’t have been able to dodge them without his danger sense that pretty much gave him precognition when it came to avoiding taking damage.

A barrage of burning balls of fire was also summoned from all around Ell’Hakan as the former Chosen showed that he was as much a mage as a melee fighter. He was essentially a spellspear, except he used a trident instead, but honestly, same shit, more stabby bits, and spelltrident just sounded dumb.

These balls chased after Jake with far lower speed than the sunlight, but were highly controlled and aimed to surround or cut him off as Ell’Hakan tried to not allow Jake to create too much distance between the two of them.

Even so, Jake was fine with the status quo of this early stage, where they were both feeling out the other. He continued dodging, avoiding damage wherever possible while taking the occasional minor sunlight beam or remnants of explosions, but never without getting a good trade in return.

As the seconds turned to minutes, Jake began to notice something, though... that perhaps he wasn’t the only one okay with how things were currently going. His first clue was something he honestly hadn’t considered, but now that he actively felt for it, he detected the change.

Seeing as they were deep beneath the ground, the surroundings were already pretty hot in the first place. However, this heat came primarily from the magma and whatnot in the walls surrounding them, not anything Ell’Hakan had done. Now, that was changing. While the temperature had only increased a little, the biggest change was the nature of the surrounding mana. It had begun to take on the mana signature of Ell’Hakan, as he was effectively claiming their surroundings as his own domain.

This empowered all his magic while reducing the cost of using it significantly, and as time passed, Jake began to really feel it. Before the environmental heat was just there, not really bothering him, but soon enough, it began to actively attack him as his body began heating up.

Jake responded by summoning his Scales of the Malefic Viper, effectively nullifying the environmental damage as he dove through an explosion Ell’Hakan tried to block him off with, also using said explosion as cover to shoot a tricky arrow that the nahoom once more failed to dodge as he took another minor wound.

Seeing as Ell’Hakan was working so hard to make the environment hostile toward Jake, he decided to respond in kind. Wings sprung from his back, and instantly, he set ablaze the blood within as dark green mist began seeping out of them and into the core chamber.

With every wingbeat, the poison mist spread, and while the heat was intense, it wasn’t able to destroy the mist properly. In fact, all burning it would do was help spread it faster unless the temperature reached a level far beyond where it currently was.

Ell’Hakan, being forced to deal with the poison mist, responded by creating what looked like a faint barrier to cover his body that seemed to cancel out whatever poison mist got too near. Based on how he still tried to stay clear of the mist, this did seem to still consume energy on his end, unlike Jake, who could resist the environmental heat with his Scales’ passive effect so far.

Still, the change in the environment made Ell’Hakan ramp up his liberal use of fire magic as he began wielding his trident more like a staff than a true melee weapon. He wrapped deep yellow and red flames around it as he shot out torrents of flames toward Jake, and with every swipe, he sent out an inferno that burned away nearly everything in its path, with even Jake’s arrows being thrown off course when hit.

With Ell’Hakan ramping up, so did Jake as he began to use more skills to not fall behind. Things were heating up both figuratively and literally as both went more on the offensive than before while focusing less on defense, yet both didn’t take that much damage even as the attacks started landing.

Despite the intensity of the battle, it had barely gotten started. So far, neither of them had even touched using a boosting skill, nor had they pulled out any of their stronger skills... Jake wasn’t even sure if Ell’Hakan was using any skills with half of the magic he threw out.

He did appreciate the battle being solely ranged right now, though. With Eternal Hunger transformed into an arrow, he didn’t have a second proper melee weapon available but would have to rely on the Void Katar. Sure, he did have a backup in case of emergencies, but if it could be avoided, he would like to postpone the melee fighting for later.

Using his Eternal Hunger arrow within the current space also wasn’t exactly feasible, as he had no confidence in actually hitting it as things were. The mere fact that Ell’Hakan could afford to hold back as much as Jake was proof that between the two of them, there wasn’t that big of a gap if any at all.

To be clear, Jake did currently have an advantage in this purely ranged battle, as his stable arrows occasionally found their mark, leaving wounds on Ell’Hakan’s body. Meanwhile, he took far less damage himself. The one place he was losing was in territory control as the environment was becoming more and more encumbering for Jake.

He also began to notice something else very annoying.

The Planetary Pylon... it’s still able to help him.

Despite the Divine Bargain being in process, the Pylon still worked. In retrospect, that shouldn’t be surprising as the planet needed the Pylon to regulate itself and function properly, and until the Divine Bargain concluded, Jake wouldn’t be the owner of the Pylon... so until then, it still belonged to Ell’Hakan.

At the very least it didn’t look like he had any skills to directly make use of it, telling Jake Ell’Hakan didn’t have a profession directly related to being a World Leader. This did come as a genuine surprise, as Jake had expected him to. In fact, it was one of the reasons why he had been so sure that Ell’Hakan would come running if he went after the Pylon. He expected him to be like Miranda, where he would get hurt if anyone else messed with it too much, but it appeared that Jake was wrong. Ell’Hakan was more like Jake himself and was just the owner of the Pylon, though definitely a lot more involved as a World Leader than Jake.

Still, the Pylon could passively benefit him, and it helped him claim the territory surrounding itself while also giving the other passive buffs Pylons tended to give. This made Jake reach a conclusion pretty quickly.

Will need to move the battle elsewhere before we both get serious.

Continuing to fight somewhere Ell’Hakan got extra resource regeneration and help would just be stupid on Jake’s part. Also, while it was true the core chamber was large, it was still small compared to the open planet above, meaning Jake’s movements were relatively limited. So far, it hadn’t been that big of a problem, but things were soon about to change.

Ell’Hakan seemingly decided that this ranged battle was no longer in his interest, and after Jake had just loosed another arrow, the nahoom didn’t respond as usual but instead leaned forward before exploding into motion.

Jake quickly prepared himself, but he wasn’t totally ready as his eyes opened wide. He failed to step down in time as Ell’Hakan transformed into a beam of burning light that practically teleported to appear right in front of him, ready to attack.

Twisting his body, Jake bent backward and to the side as he avoided the swing of the trident, waves of burning sunfire still washing over his body despite him not being hit directly. Ell’Hakan attacked again, using the butt of the trident to stop Jake from using One Step while using his other hand to land a palm on Jake’s chest, sending him flying back in a bright explosion of sunlight.

Due to Scales and Jake purposefully launching himself back right before getting struck, the blow hadn’t done much besides confirming the status quo was rapidly changing to no longer be in Jake’s favor. This was further cemented when Ell’Hakan didn’t give Jake even a moment’s break before charging again, aiming to impale Jake to the ground with his trident before Jake could even stabilize fully.

The environment helps his movement speed? Jake questioned as he welcomed Ell’Hakan’s attack. He quickly dismissed his bow and pulled out his Void Katar while keeping the other hand empty.

Meeting the trident, Jake dodged to the side using his wings as he tried to land a stab with his katar. His blow expectedly missed, Ell’Hakan countering with a vertical attack just as Jake expected. He was ready, as before it could get proper swinging speed, Jake lunged forward with his empty hand and grasped the handle while trying to stab Ell’Hakan again while his weapon was temporarily disabled. Sure, his hand felt like it was wrapped around a red-hot iron pipe, but if it allowed him to-

Ell’hakan didn’t hesitate for a moment as he simply let go of the trident and used one hand to deflect Jake’s katar by punching his wrist from below while using the other to land a blow to his side. Jake was taken off-guard, his danger sense warning him only after he’d made Ell’Hakan adapt, at which point it was too late.

Jake quickly also let go of the trident, which turned into flames after falling a few meters and countered Ell’Hakan’s blows. The nahoom dodged his blow, Jake responding in kind as both unleashed several dozen attacks within a few seconds, none of them landing on either party as all were either deflected or dodged. Jake ended up breaking this brief stalemate by making a minor mistake, resulting in him getting kicked in the leg, thrown off-balance, and elbowed in the stomach to send him stumbling back, genuinely in disbelief as he stared up at Ell’Hakan who stood there in mid-air with a solid stance.

Taking a moment, Jake just adapted a stance of his own. The words of the Sword Saint suddenly echoed in his head... that he shouldn’t underestimate Ell’Hakan when it came to martial combat. But, even so, based on the brief display of hand-to-hand just shown, Jake estimated Ell’Hakan to be around the same skill-level as Carmen.

“You’re surprised,” Ell’Hakan said, obviously reading Jake’s emotions. “Why? Did you think I didn’t know how to fight?”

“I will admit, you don’t strike me as the type who likes to get his hands dirty,” Jake answered truthfully, seeing no reason not to.

Ell’Hakan just smiled at Jake’s truthful response. “It is kind of funny, isn’t it... what you know of me is what the public sees. What I’m most known for in the wider multiverse. However, if I went by that logic to judge you, Jake Thayne, you would be a supremely talented alchemist capable of influencing Primeval Origins, who also just happens to like wielding a bow as a hobby.”

“Are you trying to say you’re not someone who uses his Bloodline to manipulate people to get your way, fucking up the minds of others for your own benefit?” Jake shot back.

“No, no, I definitely do those things,” Ell’Hakan chuckled, shaking his head. “But that’s not all there is to me nor the sole thing that defines me. Not everyone or everything can be manipulated. Also, believe it or not, there was a time before I could fully control my Bloodline to manipulate others. I had to survive somehow... and fighting seemed like the best way to do just that.”

“Touching. Do you have a sad backstory you want to share?” Jake asked in a mocking tone.

“Sad... perhaps, perhaps not. I guess it’s a matter of perspective if my past was sad or not,” Ell*Hakan said, taking Jake’s words far more seriously than he had to. “I believe lingering on such emotions isn’t healthy, though. Our pasts are merely there to build experience for the present and knowledge to make better choices in the future. If the past becomes a burden, those emotions are to be severed and forgotten.”

Jake had another snide remark ready but bit his tongue as he instead also became serious. He also felt like Ell’Hakan was speaking as much as Jake was himself. “Well, let’s hope this becomes a good memory then. For me, that is.”

Ell’Hakan just smiled and shook his head. “Just know that it cannot erase your feelings of regret from your past choices, nor the hurt from your memories.”

“No... but it will make me feel a whole lot better,” Jake shot back as he prepared himself to attack again, remembering an unpleasant memory of the past.

Having noticed this, the nahoom looked perplexed.

“I do still find it hard to believe... does the main source of your anger really stem from that human monument builder? Chris, was it?” Ell’Hakan asked. “Did I misinterpret your relationship with him? From what I knew, he was just a nobody and insignificant in the grand scheme of things, but if he was more than that to you, I-“

Ell’Hakan didn’t get further as Jake appeared right in front of him a second later, arcane energy burning through his veins from activating his boosting skill... because those had been fighting words.




***
Chapter 1025: Jake Thayne vs Ell'Hakan (2)


***






Jake understood that in the grand context of the multiverse, him caring about Chris could be viewed as genuinely weird. He and the builder had never been that close, and Jake only really knew him on a surface level before he’d died. Sure, Jake had a good impression of the young man for standing up to Abby and Donald way back then, but that was it.

In this war so far between Jake and Ell’Hakan – and even more if one counted the one between Villy and Yip - millions had died. Far more than Jake even knew about. Many of those were people Jake had seen or known before, though still not closely. Yet he’d never felt anything particular when they died. That’s likely why Ell’Hakan was so confused. In his view, Chris was just a worker who Jake employed to make a monument for him. He had no way of knowing Jake and Chris had any kind of personal relationship, as the only people who knew about how the two met were was only Miranda, the few survivors from Abby’s group, and Neil’s party from back. It wasn’t something easily found out, was the point.

Maybe it also just wasn’t something Ell’Hakan – someone who evaluated others based on how useful they were as assets - could understand in the first place with his mindset. Because the real reason Jake viewed what Ell’Hakan had done as unforgivable was for one simple reason: Chris had been Jake’s person. More so than many others. Plus... he had to admit he felt guilty.

With most other people who fought by his side, they’d actively chosen to do so. They knew what they were doing and were fully aware of the risks they were taking. Shit most of them even welcomed it as they used Jake as a way to continue progressing on their own Paths. Even Miranda, who had gotten involved initially because she felt as if she didn’t have much other choice, was now fully on board and engrossed in her role, seeking power herself. Not to say Jake wouldn’t gladly start a multiversal war of revenge if any of the people close to him died, but at least he would understand that their lives had been inherently risky.

Chris was different. He never dreamed of becoming a god or even a C-grade. His dream was to finally get into a relationship with Hank’s daughter and find a place where he felt like he belonged. The only reason he had ever gotten involved with Jake was due to happenstance and the Blessing he’d been given to help make the monument, allowing Jake to teleport between other universes and Earth.

That’s why Jake felt guilty. He’d gotten Chris involved. From Ell’Hakan’s point of view, it made perfect sense to kill him as he could have repaired the monument if left alive. It was also a “justified” kill in the story he was building, as Chris was a fanatic who carried the Blessing of the Malefic Viper.

None of that mattered to Jake, though. On the day Chris died, Jake had sworn to get revenge, and he saw no reason to break that oath.

His charge and activation of his boosting still may have seemed like a pure outburst of anger, and while he certainly wasn’t feeling any positive emotions as he did it, he still kept his head cool. The boosting skill was also only activated at a very low level, not even at the full 30% boost to all stats from the stable variant, but a bit less to conserve energy.

Still, it was enough to take Ell’Hakan by surprise as he failed to fully dodge Jake’s stab with his Void Katar, allowing him to land a good puncture wound on the nahoom’s arm. Jake tried to follow up, but Ell’Hakan was quick to react as his own boosting skill activated in response, sending out an explosion of flames that pushed Jake slightly back.

Ell’Hakan went on the offensive immediately, but Jake continued to keep his head calm as he retreated away and pulled out his bow again, releasing a barrage of arrows upon the Usurper. The trident met his blows and deflected most as he turned into a beam of light again, but Jake was ready this time and already turned to where he would appear before he was fully there, an arrow nocked and ready.

Jake shot the nahoom at close range, the arrow even splitting right as it left the string, creating a shotgun of explosive arcane arrows. None of the arrows exploded, but instead, Ell’Hakan took five arrows to the chest, which made him stumble back. Jake clicked his tongue as the nahoom had successfully avoided the original arrow with poison on it, but overall he was still satisfied with his attack and quickly nocked a new arrow as Ell’Hakan re-engaged.

The two of them continued to battle as Jake slowly began to lose his momentum as the temperature kept rising. The fire magic unleashed by Ell’Hakan was also only increasing in intensity, and Jake simply couldn’t avoid it anymore. Ell’Hakan knew this and took full advantage as he chased Jake, making it hard for the hunter to release any arrows.

However, rather than merely continue moving around the core chamber, Jake changed things up as he dove toward a wall that had already been weakened during their prior fighting. Alright, saying it had been weakened due to the fighting wasn’t really fair, as Jake had actively been shooting an arrow at it here and there to weaken it, but all of that had happened during the fight, so it still counted.

Anyhow, Jake descended and smashed straight through this weakened, thin wall with a dropkick as he entered a tunnel running parallel to the core chamber. He instantly began flying down this tunnel as he released a number of Pulses to see if Ell’Hakan was following him or not.

It took the nahoom a moment, but eventually, he gave chase. Jake took advantage of this, including the fact they were moving down a tunnel, as he spun around and blanketed the entire space in explosive arrows, the tunnel too narrow for Ell’Hakan to fully escape the explosions.

In contrast, Jake dodged all the beams Ell’Hakan sent his way, using the winding tunnel to his advantage as they moved further and further away from the core chamber where Ell’Hakan had his advantage. At least, they did so for a while before Ell’Hakan stopped chasing entirely, instead just yelling down the tunnel.

“If you wished to change the venue of battle, you could have merely asked,” he said in a confident voice. “But I shall interpret your actions to mean such a thing is your wish... in that case, let’s meet once more on the surface. Ah, but don’t be too long.”

With those words, Ell’Hakan turned around and, with a Pulse, Jake saw him heading back to the core room... the very same core room where the Prima Vessel that would allow him to teleport topside in an instant sat.

Meanwhile, Jake would be stuck underground, with it taking many hours to get back up there. During all that time, Ell’Hakan would have plenty of time to make preparations for the battle to continue. Even if he didn’t do that, he would have time to recover fully, while Jake had to swim through lava and whatnot, wasting resources in the process.

If you discover this tale on Amazon, be aware that it has been stolen. Please report the violation.

Jake had also stopped moving, seemingly not in a rush, as rather than panic, he acted. The second he saw Ell’Hakan enter the Prima Vessel, his body began to change color as his wings burned with energy. A bubble of pure corrosion appeared all behind him as all concepts were broken down before Jake shot upwards, having used his Wings of the Malefic Viper escape feature.

As even the concept of space had broken down, Jake had no logical way to control his movements outside of general direction... the keyword here being logical. Jake relied on his intuition to go in the right direction, and after he’d been flying for a good ten seconds, he felt the Hunter’s Mark he’d put on Ell’Hakan reappear, allowing him to use that as a guide.

A few seconds later, Jake phased back into reality, now in the bright night sky, nearly directly above the capital city. The second he appeared, Jake didn’t hesitate for even a moment as he pulled out his bow, and for a second, he once more considered using the Eternal Hunger arrow, but again, he felt like it wasn’t time.

So, instead, Jake nocked a more regular arrow as he began to charge an Arcane Powershot, his stealth skill already activating around him. Below him, he felt Ell’Hakan move through the Hunter’s Mark, with the nahoom soon exiting the palace and heading toward the vast empty desert not too far away. Jake assumed he wanted to avoid the city getting destroyed during their fight, which was pretty respectable, though definitely not the greatest decision considering what was hanging several thousand kilometers above him, preparing to launch an orbital strike in the form of an arrow.

It was also pretty evident Ell’Hakan couldn’t detect him or his emotions from this far away, allowing Jake to keep charging the arrow as Ell’Hakan flew into the desert. Jake even saw him begin to make magical runes in the air, likely preparing some kind of formation trap for Jake, completely unaware he was just exposing himself further... especially seeing as he’d deactivated his boosting skill again to not waste energy unnecessarily.

After taking another deep breath and being happy with how much he’d charged the arrow, Jake let go of the string as it exploded downward.

Right as he loosed it, Jake’s logical side once more questioned why he’d launched this attack with such half-measures. He hadn’t upped his boosting skill, nor had he used Eternal Hunger, and this was despite this obviously being the best opportunity Jake would get. This was pretty much the ideal scenario to take the nahoom by surprise, yet Jake had trusted his instincts and held back... something that proved to be a good choice a few seconds later when the Arcane Powershot finally arrived.

Ell’Hakan wasn’t ready; that much was clear. Right before he was struck, Ell’Hakan tried to dodge but failed as Jake used Primal Gaze for the first time in this fight. Seeing as he was flying forward, the nahoom was struck in the back, the arrow blowing a hole straight through his chest before continuing down and causing a massive explosion that left a similarly massive crater.

Jake felt the extreme damage done. He saw Ell’Hakan take a huge wound that should have left him reeling... except he wasn’t. Instead, the Usurper disappeared, only to appear where he had been flying only a second prior, the wound gone and everything back to normal as if he’d just traveled back in time.

Except, Jake still felt the Arcane Charge built up by his Hunter’s Mark having been increased, and Jake had also still gotten a bonus in Hunting Momentum, proving that he had indeed hit. Jake was confused, to say the least, but he quickly reached a conclusion.

Some kind of survival skill like my Moment of the Primal Hunter, most likely... good to have it be triggered now, assuming it has a cooldown, Jake considered as he stopped overthinking things and took out another arrow as he prepared for some ultra-long range combat.

Below him, Ell’Hakan had stopped to stare shocked toward the sky, trying to locate Jake. Seeing as he wasn’t in stealth anymore, Jake was quickly found, the fact he was charging another Arcane Powershot not helping either.

Ell’Hakan began to fly upwards as Jake released another arrow toward his opponent, controlling it mid-flight as he nocked another one. The nahoom turned into a beam of light, flying upwards with incredible speed, but Jake’s Arcane Powershot arrows were still far faster, especially seeing as they had the property of only increasing in speed while in flight – up to a certain limit, of course.

The first Arcane Powershot blew past Ell’Hakan who tried to dodge it, but he still took a minor injury as it passed, though he avoided slowing down. The second and third Arcane Powershots he entirely dodged, with the fourth one once more resulting in him getting a nasty cut, but the fifth one was a bit different... mainly because the fifth and sixth were nearly one and the same.

Jake had released a very quick Arcane Powershot before instantly following up with another that had slightly more force behind it, resulting in the second arrow catching up to the first one mid-flight. Ell’Hakan dodged the first one as expected, but the second that had been hiding in the trail of the first struck him head-on, blasting Ell’Hakan downward as he’d only managed to block with his arm at the very last moment.

Still, despite taking a heavy hit, Ell’Hakan quickly began ascending once more, now with a nasty wound on his forearm, the arrow having been powerful enough to penetrate into the bone before exploding, leaving much of the flesh mangled or gone.

He ended up taking a few more hits while approaching Jake, the difference when it came to ultra-ranged combat quite evident. While Ell’Hakan did launch a few sunbeams and whatnot, Jake easily dodged all of them, and even if they hit, they would be significantly weakened due to the distance. They did look pretty as they lit up the night sky, though.

Sadly for Jake, Ell’Hakan would soon get close enough to close the distance with a single dash, at which point Jake’s window of opportunity would close. Still, he expected to get off a few more arrows... until Ell’Hakan changed things up.

Right as Jake nocked an arrow, he noticed a change in his surroundings. Shafts of light appeared in the night sky, and Jake was momentarily confused, as it was still the middle of the night... yet he saw the warm rays of the sun wash the dew of night away.

Ell’Hakan had stopped flying and instead only walked forward, each of his steps heavy despite being in mid-air. As the light intensified, Jake felt the heat get worse as Ell’Hakan spoke.

“Sunrise.”

On the far horizon, the sun fully dawned as light filled the skies as if it was truly morning. Jake genuinely stared at it looked so real that Jake couldn’t tell the difference, almost as if Ell’Hakan had truly willed the sun to rise. Logically, he knew no C-grade was capable of causing such a phenomenon, but that didn’t make what Ell’Hakan did any less impressive.

Jake wasn’t sure if it could even be called a domain skill, but what Ell’Hakan had done was similar to when the Sword Saint summoned his rain, though it was clear whatever Ell’Hakan did was at a far higher level both conceptually and power-wise.

Anyway, while Jake would have loved to theorize what exactly Ell’Hakan had done, he didn’t exactly have the time to do so. The scorching sun on the horizon released powerful rays that burned Jake, making him happy he already had his scales active.

What’s more, it was clear the sunlight affected Ell’Hakan differently. Jake saw his mangled arm begin to slowly heal as the sun licked his wounds, infusing it with life. The nahoom smiled, basking in the sunlight as he regarded Jake and spoke loudly due to the distance.

“You truly are full of surprises getting up here so fast... but seeing as your wings are gone, I assume it had something to with those? Some form of long-range teleportation skill?” Ell’Hakan asked while theorizing out loud. “No? Oh, it was an escape skill, wasn’t it? Can it be used immediately again, or is it not something you expect to do again during this fight?”

Jake wondered for a second why Ell’Hakan bothered asking questions he would never get any answer to until he realized...

Motherfucker.

Jake cursed internally, knowing Ell’hakan was reading Jake’s subconscious emotional response to the bastard’s questions, something Jake obviously wasn’t a fan of, as it meant Ell’Hakan got his answers simply by asking the question.

So, before he could continue yapping away, Jake restarted the battle without a single word, Ell’Hakan ready as he stood there with his trident drawn, his silhouette outlined by the rising sun behind him as the day had only just begun.




***
Chapter 1026: Jake Thayne vs Ell'Hakan (3)


***






As the sun rose over the red planet, two figures clashed in mid-air, explosions filling the sky.

Jake once more took the initiative despite Ell’Hakan being the one who’d just unleashed a powerful domain skill upon the world. His scales still allowed him to ignore the passive effects of the sunlight, but he knew that as it intensified and the sun rose further, it would become a problem.

Ell’Hakan also gladly took on a more defensive and passive role as he’d returned to being more of a mage than a warrior. His body was enveloped by sun-affinity fire as he was constantly nurtured by the domain while also using it to empower his attacks. Moreover, due to the inherent life energy in the sun affinity, his wounds were even healing faster under the sunlight.

However, even so, he was on the back foot as Jake made full use of the wide open space in the skies to unleash attacks from all directions. He shot arrows into the air with a package of Willpower, making them slowly turn around and come back to strike Ell’Hakan dozens of seconds later as they took extremely wide curves on their flight path.

This resulted in Ell’Hakan getting attacked from all sides as he tried to lock down Jake, who was gladly teleported around liberally while loosing arrow after arrow. Every single arrow was also soaked in poison, Jake not holding anything back as he had plenty where that came from.

Ell’Hakan did end up taking quite a few wounds, but as his magic got more and more powerful, Jake also began to feel pressured. The nahoom finally made a major move as he stabbed toward Jake with his trident despite being several kilometers away, and rather than a beam of sunlight, three massive torrents of flames were released from each of the trident’s prongs.

These waves of flames transformed after being released, taking forms reminiscent of hydra heads as they chased after Jake, each of them utterly gigantic in size. Jake tried to dodge away and simply keep shooting Ell’Hakan, but one of the heads moved to block his arrows, and to Jake’s surprise, the arrow was actually embedded in the hydra as if it was made of something solid.

As this happened, Ell’Hakan was once more stuck from behind by one of Jake’s many arrows he’d trick-shot earlier, but it only made the Usurper grunt as he kept pressuring Jake, who was having a harder time than he’d expected with the flames.

Several times, he was nearly caught in one of their massive maws, and the further away Jake fled from Ell’Hakan, the larger these hydra heads came as Jake realized the sun was constantly feeding them power and energy.

Jake gritted his teeth as another one got too close for comfort until suddenly, the second one, which was still a good distance away, opened its mouth and unleashed a breath of flames. Reacting quickly, Jake summoned a barrier of stable arcane mana, successfully blocking the flames that turned out weaker than expected. Then again, perhaps one shouldn’t expect too much from fire spewed from something already made of fire.

What the flames had done was allow the first head to close in as the more than fifty-meter-wide maw descended upon Jake to consume him. Jake stared up with narrow eyes as he was still within his barrier, and rather than move, he simply stood still and let himself be consumed.

Right as the maw snapped shut, the entire hydra head exploded from the inside out in a mixture of arcane energy and fire, with Jake standing unharmed as he’d used the arcane barrier to destroy the hydra head, and he couldn’t help but snicker at his plan having worked.

All that time with the Puzzle Cube had really come in handy as Jake almost subconsciously analyzed the fire construct of mana, found the weak point, and exploited it before Ell’Hakan had time to adapt. Not that Jake would give him any such time if he could avoid it as he released a barrage of arcane bolts toward another of the hydra heads, each of them exploding on contact and disrupting the mana that kept the construct whole.

Left with only a single head, Ell’Hakan reabsorbed the flames into himself once more as he returned to simpler attacks like fireballs, sunlight beams, and the occasional random explosion in mid-air as the nahoom condensed the heat.

By now, Jake had fully activated the stable variant of his boosting skill, giving him a nice 30% increase in all stats. Ell’Hakan had also used his at the same time as that “sunrise” skill, but based on Jake’s estimates, his own boosting skill was better. That, or Ell’Hakan’s skill just had other effects Jake had yet to learn about, and honestly, one of those effects he suspected was to better attune him to absorb the sunlight because his wounds were healing way faster than they should... no...

More than actually healing him, the sunlight is stimulating his existing vital energy to heal him faster, Jake noted, the poison coursing through Ell’Hakan’s veins giving him quite good insight into the nahoom’s body.

Instantly, Jake began to doubt this conclusion, making him believe that doing damage to Ell’Hakan right now really was a waste of time as the passive sunlight nullified anything he di-

Get the fuck out of my head! Jake yelled internally as he tried to squash any unnatural emotions of doubt. Ell’Hakan had clearly done some heavy-handed manipulation, which Jake instantly detected, and Jake felt absolute confidence that he could detect any manipulation if he just-

Fucking hell, Jake cursed again as he just stopped bloody thinking and kept attacking as he didn’t even trust his own emotions. It was unsettling, to say the least, that Jake couldn’t trust anything but the most obvious of analysis, but he really couldn’t do anything about it besides being observant of any emotions discordant with his immediate intuitive conclusions.

Jake also only now began to realize he had been way too passive during this time, likely once more due to Ell’Hakan doing his bullshit and making him think things were going fine. The sun had now risen more than halfway, and soon enough, it would be right above them. As it rose, it only grew stronger and stronger, the sunlight getting close to overcoming Jake’s Scales’ passive resistance. All along, Ell’Hakan had just wanted to buy time while making Jake take a slow and steady approach, and Jake had fallen into it with both feet as he hadn’t been cognisant enough about his own emotions to catch on in time.

Upping the offensive, Jake began to mix in his fair share of Arcane Powershots as he also increased the distance between himself and Ell’Hakan. These far more powerful arrows weren’t something Ell’Hakan could easily handle, and he seemed to realize Jake had caught on to his manipulation as the nahoom abandoned his passive defensive strategy and decided that offense was the best defense.

Turning into a beam of sunlight, he went straight for Jake, who responded by shooting arrows his way. One of them split in mid-air before exploding, creating a cover of destructive arcane mana as Jake dismissed his bow and also charged forward.

He’d hoped to take Ell’Hakan by surprise, but the Usurper was ready and waiting as he became corporal and stabbed toward Jake’s chest with full momentum. Jake met the charge as he used his katar to barely parry the trident, using his other hand to land a palm on Ell’Hakan’s chest, sending them flying away from each other once more.

Unauthorized use: this story is on Amazon without permission from the author. Report any sightings.

Ell’Hakan quickly stabilized, a rotting handprint on his chest from Jake’s Touch of the Malefic Viper. This extremely brief moment of separation was enough for Jake to quickly pull out his bow and shoot another arrow, Ell’Hakan failing to fully block it before he charged again, this time more carefully as Jake blocked blow after blow while failing to land an attack of his own for the first dozen exchanges.

However, Jake soon found another opening as he landed a low kick followed by a slice of his katar leaving a nasty cut on Ell’Hakan’s shoulder. Even if Jake admitted Ell’Hakan was far better at fighting than he would have expected, Jake was simply faster and stronger physically. While it was entirely possible Ell’Hakan had Jake beaten when it came to the mental stats, Jake definitely had more Agility and Strength, allowing him to gain the upper hand in otherwise equal clashes.

There was also one thing to consider:

Ell’Hakan’s level. Jake was still level 295, just shy of being considered a high-tier C-grade. At the same time, Ell’Hakan had just barely passed that threshold.

[Nahoom – lvl 303]

It was a testament to Jake’s many titles that he still appeared superior in stats despite the level difference. Also, while Jake’s Big Game Hunter and many other skills being stronger against higher-leveled enemies was a thing for sure, that didn’t mean it was better for him to be below and not equal to Ell’Hakan’s level. While the benefits from those skills were great, they were ultimately only there to help close the gap, not eliminate it entirely.

This is to say, if Jake had also been level 303, the fight would likely have been considered rather one-sided. With the level-disparity... well, time would tell. For now, Jake had the advantage with his superior physical stats and better boosting skill, but Ell’Hakan still had time on his side as the sun was soon at its apex.

Until then, Jake slowly whittled away at Ell’Hakan as they proceeded to fight without Jake giving his opponent any time to rest. The nahoom didn’t have many good responses besides fighting back, as any time he created just a bit of distance, Jake used that as an opening to unleash powerful arrows while fighting in melee also resulted in him taking continuous damage, even if it was less than when he faced the bow.

Ultimately, Jake accomplished one of his goals, and soon enough, Ell’Hakan made a concession. Jake had been the first to activate his boosting skill in the stable variant, but now Ell’Hakan was the one to go further as he pushed his own boosting skill further, forcing Jake to respond in kind.

At least Jake had expected to see Ell’Hakan continue to use the same one that relied on the sun affinity, but instead, Ell’Hakan activated what seemed like an entirely new boosting skill. His aura also subtly changed when he used it, and Jake instantly felt the difference when he attacked.

He’d stabbed forward with his katar, aiming for Ell’Hakan’s stomach, but as his weapon to close, he felt as if the distance was longer than it actually was. His katar slowed down for a fraction of a second just before it hit Ell’Hakan, giving the nahoom time to twist his body to the side, resulting in Jake only leaving a faint cut.

Jake’s response was naturally to activate his own Arcane Awakening using the offensive variant, boosting the relevant stats by 50%. He did lose his boost to his resilience stats, which put an even bigger strain on his scales, but for now, they still held up, primarily due to their high innate resistance to the light affinity.

Attacking again, Jake dodged Ell’Hakan’s counter, the higher Agility helping Jake as he reached forward to use Touch, and once more, he felt his aim be weird. However, just then, it was as if his Touch made contact with something, and the odd feeling disappeared as Jake landed another palm blow on Ell’Hakan.

He saw the genuine surprise on the nahoom’s face, and Jake quickly realized what was up with Ell’Hakan’s skill. It not only boosted his stats but created what was effectively a barrier of probability around him to defend him from lethal blows. Jake had clearly felt the barrier when he broke through with Touch and by making use of his high Perception, he analyzed it enough for a basic understanding.

An annoying skill for sure, Jake noted as he attacked again, this time by shooting an Arrow Rain while Ell’Hakan was still shocked by Jake breaking through the barrier earlier. He defended as well as he could, but three arrows struck Ell’Hakan... yet once more, just before each struck, they slightly veered away from where Jake had aimed them, hitting him, yes, but avoiding areas they would have dealt more damage with two of them even hitting right where there was bone, barely doing anything.

Jake had no idea how high such a skill’s rarity had to be, but it couldn’t be low. Based on how Ell’Hakan acted unfamiliar with his own skill, Jake also got a feeling – one he was certain came purely from within himself.

“Newly gained or upgraded, huh?” Jake commented as he shot another few arrows, Ell’Hakan ready this time as he moved his trident to block them all. Yet again, something odd happened, as the trident looked like it moved to two positions simultaneously, blocking both arrows at once.

“My rightful bounty as a Usurper,” Ell’Hakan answered. Despite his body looking quite damaged by now, with nearly a dozen arrow holes and close to a hundred cuts marking his body, the nahoom still smiled confidently as he didn’t even give the slightest hint he was reaching his limit.

“Good for you,” Jake just said, meeting the charging Ell’Hakan as they exchanged a few blows, ending with Ell’Hakan having to retreat back again.

“Good for me indeed...” Ell’Hakan smiled, parrying an arrow. “Also... it’s time.”

Jake didn’t need to be told what Ell’Hakan meant, as he already knew. The fact shadows had nearly disappeared was proof of it, as the sun now hung directly above the two of them, shining down with intense sunlight.

Sunlight that only intensified further as the entire world became brighter and began to take on a faint sheen of golden red.

“High Noon.”

As Ell’Hakan spoke those words, Jake heard a cracking sound as the scales on his shoulder where his armor had been broken earlier in the fight became overloaded with energy. Soon enough, more of his scales began to give in as the temperature rose to all-new levels, and Jake hurried to adapt to the environment.

“Unlike your blue planet, this world has always been harsh to us. Throughout history, the sun has caused more deaths than any wars, and even when wars were fought, the sun was often to blame as it dictated the yield of crops or the evaporation of our water depots, causing a lack of resources,” Ell’Hakan began to speak, standing under the harsh sun.

“The only place that was ever safe was the blessed city we now call our capital. Beneath is a massive stream of fresh groundwater, bringing life with it. Without this, I’m not even certain the nahoom would have survived till this day, and to be allowed to live in the capital was always viewed as one of the highest goals for any nahoom...”

Jake was unsure what the hell Ell’Hakan was getting at as he focused on reinforcing his scales to handle the environment as he also tried to adapt to the sudden change in other ways.

Having likely read Jake’s confusion, Ell’Hakan kept speaking. “The reason I’m telling you this is that I need you to understand that to us, the nahoom, the sun is not something to be taken lightly, but a willful god that dictates our fates, demanding respect. Not a single nahoom does not understand this, as the sun is akin to divinity, and all must bow before it... all but one.”

Ell’Hakan’s aura suddenly began to grow, seemingly out of nowhere, as the nahoom continued. “For only the Celestial Child is worthy of standing beneath the harsh grace of his father. However, even he can claim nothing but to be equal with the one who gave him life.”

As the aura kept growing, Jake was still questioning the source, though he was not for a second questioning whether it was related to Yip of Yore’s Legacy. One thing was also for sure... Jake knew he couldn’t really afford to hold back anymore as Ell’Hakan had evidently also gotten serious.

The Nahoom looked toward the sky directly at the sun, seemingly ignoring Jake as he spoke. “Hunter... you would be wise to remember that you are on my planet right now.”

From above, the sun suddenly flashed, and Jake quickly reacted right as a beam of pure sunlight descended from above at unprecedented speed, barely missing him, but the remnants of heat and energy were still enough to make all the scales on Jake’s one side crack and break as Jake felt his skin beneath be scorched.

“And here on my planet...”

Jake barely had time to react as the sun flashed again, but as Jake prepared to dodge another sunbeam, Ell’Hakan appeared right in front of him.

”... you better fear the sun.”




***
Chapter 1027: Jake Thayne vs Ell'Hakan (4)


***






Jake had to react quickly to the attacks arriving both from above and right in front of him. Rather than try to retreat as Ell’Hakan would probably expect, Jake dove toward the trident that was stabbing for his chest, narrowly avoiding it while getting out of the way of the sunbeam.

This put him in an awkward position, allowing Ell’Hakan to unleash an inferno blast straight to his front, sending him tumbling back from the impact, his clothes now even more burnt than before. Right as he stabilized himself, the next attack arrived from the sun above as it unleashed yet another powerful beam Jake barely had time to react to while also dealing with the hyper-offensive Ell’Hakan, leaving him with yet more burns.

With the sun having reached its zenith, the momentum of battle had changed entirely, Jake now finding himself constantly on the defensive as he tried to slowly acclimate to the extreme heat while barely holding off Ell’Hakan’s constant assault. The fire spells that before were only a little dangerous had been empowered to new levels by the environment, and were quite frankly far more powerful than just casual spells had any right to be.

However, despite being on the back foot, Jake didn’t panic or even push himself further with his boosting skill quite yet. Sure, things were looking rough right now, but Jake was looking at the fight from a more long-term perspective and seeing the massive sun in the sky and the fact that Ell’Hakan created such a massive and powerful domain...

How long can he keep this up?

The energy consumption had to be utterly insane. Jake had talked to the Sword Saint and Dina quite a lot during their time in Nevermore, seeing as both of them used massive-scale skills at times, and they were always very vocal about the equally massive energy consumption of such skills. Not to mention the consumed mental energy from keeping something of such a large scale active.

All of this is to say that Ell’Hakan had to be draining his resources at an astonishing speed while keeping the domain active. Combined with all the other attacks he kept releasing... yeah, it was only a question of time before he wouldn’t be able to keep up this kind of momentum.

Jake had these thoughts while being hypervigilant if they were truly his own conclusions, but as the logic tracked without any obvious involvement of emotions, Jake chose to go with it. That’s why he was fine being so passive for now, as he felt confident that with every passing moment, Ell’Hakan was slowly burning himself dry like the sun above.

Ell’Hakan also acted as if Jake’s conclusion was correct as he upped the tempo even more. Jake dodged attack after attack without even daring to counter, his scales in a constant state of destruction and regeneration from the fiery assault. He tried to act as cold-headed as possible, but if he kept not attacking, he would-

No.

Annoying emotions kept creeping in from the obvious manipulation of his opponent, but Jake suppressed them to not get baited into doing something dumb. He also quickly began to suspect something else as he looked at the sun above and noticed something.

Despite the skill seemingly having reached its peak of power, the sun kept growing brighter and hotter. It wasn’t by a lot and incredibly subtle, but something was definitely happening, which was when Jake reached a quite obvious conclusion:

No day lasts forever.

At some point, the sun would have to set, and the skill come to an end. The skill relied on powerful concepts, concepts far too much for Ell’Hakan to properly control. Him trying to make the sun not act like the sun was like a water mage trying not to make things splashed with water get wet or a wind mage trying to make the wind sturdy and solid like a rock. It simply wasn’t in the realm of C-grades to oppose the natural law of affinities and concepts.

It was with this thought Jake kept engaging Ell’Hakan as Jake tried to keep his distance at all times, defending and dodging when neccecary. As the sun grew more and more intense, Ell’Hakan also kept growing in power, and Jake was forced to keep up with his own boosting skill as he’d long pushed it to a mid-point between the stable 30% and the extreme 60% boost. Arcane Supremacy had raised his resistance to the skill immensely, and by now, he could reach around a 50% boost before the demerits of the boosting skill began to really show themselves.

Minutes kept ticking by, Jake taking more and more damage as he couldn’t dodge everything, but he remained fine with the status quo. Ell’Hakan’s attacks turned more and more desperate, but Jake refused to take any baits and avoided inadvertently opening himself up to taking more damage than he needed to by going on the offensive. Why would he need to when time was on his side?

Why do something so dumb when things were going so well?

Going really well...

Too well.

Jake realized, and as he did, Ell’Hakan smiled as the sun above flashed for a moment, an utterly massive sunbeam descending toward Jake as Ell’Hakan unleashed over a hundred torrents of flames that pushed him back while scorching his scales and sending Jake flying toward the ground.

“What an odd conclusion you reached,” Ell’Hakan spoke, his voice infused with willpower as a giant magic circle appeared above him as he raised his trident. “Why would this scenario be advantageous to you? Did you believe I was naught but a waning candle?”

Quickly getting on his feet in the newly formed crater he’d been thrown into, Jake pulled out his bow as magic manifested all around him.

“The sun rises when the Celestial Child beckons it. Everyone knows that, so why believe something so natural would come at a cost?” Ell’Hakan grinned, a spiral of flames forming above him as nine spirals total slowly began to morph into the familiar forms reminiscent of hydra heads.

Jake prepared himself for the attack as he finally knew where he’d fucked up before, and he couldn’t help but kick himself despite the obvious emotional fuckery done by Ell’Hakan. When Ell’Hakan first used the skill, Jake had noticed an odd kind of energy, and once again, when he’d used the “high noon” part of the skill, this energy had returned.

Yet Jake had seemingly entirely forgotten about it until now, having dismissed it as just another aspect of Yip of Yore’s powers and not something he wanted to or had time to understand. He hadn’t been wrong about it being related to Yip of Yore, but he had entirely dismissed the kind of energy he’d felt... energy he now was certain what was as it permeated the entire domain.

Faith energy.

It was energy usually reserved for gods, but that didn’t mean others couldn’t use it or that it didn’t exist even where there was nobody around to control it. False Gods like the Desolate Child of Loss could be born from faith energy alone, and in many ways, the entire Path of Yip of Yore relied on a variant of faith energy, as he required people to believe in him and what he was capable of.

If you find this story on Amazon, be aware that it has been stolen. Please report the infringement.

Jake knew Ell’Hakan truly wasn’t much different, except he used it a lot differently than Yip of Yore. He used the faith energy as fuel for his massive domain skill, relying on what he’d just said before: the belief in him as the Celestial Child from all the natives. They truthfully, genuinely believed he could do all this effortlessly, and through Yip of Yore’s Legacy, the faith energy born from that belief had been manifested into reality.

Needless to say, Jake’s initial assumption had been quite wrong as Jake was also taught the lesson that relying on logic to reach a conclusion didn’t mean that it was completely free of emotional manipulation. It was still entirely possible the data he’d used to reach that conclusion were biased from Ell’Hakan making him downplay certain things. He had fallen into Ell’Hakan’s trap hook, line, and sinker.

Yet, as Jake faced the nine descending hydra heads and the intensifying sun above, he remained relatively calm. While most of his conclusions had been wrong, no amount of emotional fuckery could change the fact that Ell’Hakan couldn’t defeat the laws of the universe when it came to concepts, and the sun would still set soon enough.

Having realized that dragging things out didn’t help Jake, he stopped holding anything back. Arcane Awakening fully activated as arcane energy exploded all around him, his body burning with power. To meet the rapidly descending hydras of sun flames, Jake sent out a barrage of arrows to meet them in mid-air.

This only stopped them briefly, but it was enough for Jake to unleash the second assault. Pride of the Malefic Viper activated as Jake’s own semi-domain skill covered the area around him, and as the heads of flames got closer, Jake raised a hand and spoke.

“Break.”

Clenching his fist, the five heads at the forefront all exploded as Jake crushed the magic keeping them together. With Pride active, Jake could also more easily control the mana in the area around him, allowing him to slightly push off the heat as he summoned a number of powerful barriers of arcane mana to meet the final four hydra heads descending on him.

A shockwave of flames erupted when the barriers and fire hydras met, sending even Ell’Hakan floating back slightly as he prepared to send another attack down. Yet right as he lifted his trident to unleash a scorching beam, an arrow flew out of the blazing inferno below, striking him in the shoulder and sending him flying back as blood sprayed into the air.

Ell’Hakan quickly stabilized right as a second Arcane Powershot flew out of the flames. He barely blocked this one as it still sent him reeling back from the impact, and he didn’t hesitate to retreat as Jake slowly floated up from within the inferno.

Multiple layers of arcane barriers covered him, with several breaking every second, but Jake resummoned them again and again as he kept the flames at bay using Pride. He infused the skill with more mana than ever before to impose his will upon the world and from having done so, not a single lick of flames had touched him.

While it was true that Ell’Hakan was making use of the fanatical populace of the planet to keep the domain active, Jake wasn’t afraid of losing out in the slightest when it came to longevity. He had an utterly massive mana pool, rivaling even genius peak C-grade mages due to his Anomalous Soul and Mask of the Fallen King both giving him 25% extra to his total mana pool, not to mention the mask increasing his mana regeneration substantially.

Nocking yet another arrow, Jake kept shooting toward Ell’Hakan, who was ready to deflect every one of them as he closed in again, his entire body ablaze. The heat from his body alone was pressuring Jake as he broke through the barriers swiftly, but with Pride active and liberal use of mana, Jake didn’t lose out as he and the nahoom clashed a few dozen times as they flew around the sky.

Jake eventually got a good opening as he straight-up smacked Ell’Hakan in the face with his bow using one hand as he stabbed Ell’Hakan in the stomach with the other using Piercing Fang, penetrating to the handle with his Void Katar. The Usurper quickly attacked to get Jake away, but not before a pulse of arcane energy was released, sending a shockwave of pure destruction through the nahoom’s internals and making him stumble back as he spat up blood.

Despite Ell’Hakan continuously growing in power, Jake still had the stat advantage. Pushing forward, he landed several more blows on his opponent, soon enough getting another major chance. With one hand, he caught the handle of the trident and once more stabbed Ell’hakan through the chest with his katar, this time penetrating even deeper as-

Jake’s danger sense instantly exploded as Ell’Hakan smirked despite having Jake’s hand halfway buried in his chest. Chains of flames erupted from thin air all around them as these chains wrapped around Ell’Hakan and Jake, effectively tying them together. The nahoom used both his hands to hold onto Jake, even letting go of his weapon as it disappeared.

The chains burned into Jake’s back as Ell’Hakan burned his front, the hunter quickly responding to the massive switch-up of an attack. Letting go of his katar, Jake gritted his teeth and placed a hand directly on Ell’Hakan’s face as he used the hand inside Ell’Hakan to do even more damage. Both of them began to glow a dark green from Touch of the Malefic Viper, but Ell’Hakan still grinned as his eyes glowed golden, and his gaze met Jake’s.

“The harshness of the sun knows no mercy.”

Jake’s danger sense went even more wild as the sun’s glow intensified at an extreme pace and he knew something big was coming. He quickly switched the hand inside Ell’Hakan to hold one of the chains as he began to break it down and get loose, never once breaking eye contact with Ell’Hakan.

To buy a bit more time, Jake even used Primal Gaze, but all it did was buy Jake a fraction of a second... but it didn’t look like it would be enough.

The sun’s rays burned the world all around them, and Ell’Hakan didn’t let his eyes leave Jake for even a moment as he spoke a single more word.

“Sundown.”

Jake broke the chain and kicked his body off Ell’hakan’s right as the sun above exploded into a singular pillar of pure sunlight more than a kilometer in radius that descended upon the planet with enough power to genuinely threaten Jake’s life.

Ell’Hakan felt the beam of the sun strike him as he saw the hunter also get hit. The pure light consumed the Chosen of the Malefic Viper’s form entirely as he disappeared from sight, the last thing Ell’Hakan saw being the human’s scales explode and the skin below vaporize from the Sundown.

Contrarily, Ell’Hakan felt the intense sunlight enter his body as his wounds rapidly healed. Nearly all of the damage he’d taken in the fight so far was restored, and even if doing so had consumed a lot of his vital energy, the sunlight was powerful enough to replenish his pools a little.

The beam of sunlight continued for several seconds more before slowly fading away, yet the world remained bright as if a second sun had been born. Below him, the pillar had burned a hole into the ground several hundred kilometers deep, and from within it, the light kept shining as the walls of stone and soil had been turned into white-hot lava, and at the very bottom, all the remnant energy had gathered.

Ell’Hakan looked down into this hole as he felt the aura of the Chosen of the Malefic Viper remained all the way toward the bottom, having survived the attack. Not entirely unsuspected, but Ell’Hakan felt confident he wouldn’t be in a very good state.

Not that he himself was in peak condition. Yes, the sunlight had healed him, but his face still had a visible handprint that radiated poison, and what he’d been inflicted with throughout the fight also still remained.

To fight off this poison, Ell’Hakan consumed a potion he had pre-prepared for this fight, functioning both as a general anti-toxin and a healing potion at the same time. The vital energy washed through his body and battled the poison as it also rejuvenated his body and got him back in a more than acceptable condition. Certainly a better one than the hunter.

He kept feeling for what his opponent was doing down in the hole and even retreated away to not be directly above it lest he’d start shooting arrows from below. Yet as over a minute passed, there was no movement, and Ell’Hakan even felt the aura weaken over time, making him frown.

Yes, Sundown had been far more powerful than expected after upgrading to mythical rarity, but it still shouldn’t have been enough. No, it was far more probable the Chosen was simply hiding his own presence to-

Ell’Hakan’s eyes flashed open as he felt it. An overwhelming emotion flooded his mind, not from below but above. It was unnatural, simplistic, raw... primal. He felt extremely malnourished as if he hadn’t eaten for a century, as a pang of pure hunger dominated every corner of his being.

Despite everything, the shock from the emotion didn’t stun Ell’Hakan entirely as he barely managed to lean his head to the side and try to dodge as something struck him from above, yet even as the pain and panic would normally set in, all he could feel was an intense, seemingly eternal hunger.




***
Chapter 1028: Jake Thayne vs Ell'Hakan (5)


***






As the sun set, a lot of things happened at once. Jake found himself trapped as the pillar of pure sun energy descended upon him, with seemingly no time to get away... so he made a gamble. Right before the sunbeam hit, his body split in two as a shadowy version of Jake shot out of the area the sunbeam was in, unaffected by the remnant energy left by the fire chains.

It was an often forgotten feature as Jake didn’t use it often, but the Origin of Eternal Shadow still had roots in Shadow Vault, retaining the ability to vault out of danger as per the description:

“Upon activation of Eternal Shadow of the Primal Hunter, this skill allows both the Eternal Shadow and the Primal Hunter to embrace the shadows momentarily, vaulting in any chosen direction.”

This allowed the Eternal Shadow to escape just as Jake was hit by the Sundown beam... and he was hit hard. Jake’s scales nearly immediately exploded as they were overcharged with energy, and the skin below burnt away in an instant, with Jake feeling as if his entire body was beginning to disintegrate.

As his form was wholly consumed by the beam, and not even a second from when he knew Moment of the Primal Hunter would forcibly activate – even if he tried to stop it from doing so as he was currently - Ell’Hakan’s gaze was finally no longer on him due to the immense brightness.

Jake acted instantly and activated Eternal Shadow again as he switched places with his other half, the clone instantly getting destroyed as Jake appeared outside where the beam hit. Despite replacing his reality with the one of Eternal Shadow’s, remnant sun energy still lingered in Jake’s soul as he felt hot throughout, but he couldn’t give it much thought as he focused on rapidly ascending upwards as he initiated his stealth skill.

This was something Jake had theorized long ago and now finally put into practice, though not exactly as he had imagined. Jake’s stealth skill was extremely powerful, but it relied on this opponent not knowing where Jake was when he activated it. Needless to say, that made it pretty challenging to use in the middle of combat... but what if he had a way to make his opponents lose track of him? Perhaps even make his opponent assume he was “someone” else?

That’s what Jake had considered... replacing himself with his clone to then gain distance and enter stealth before his opponent noticed the real him. It was still hard to pull off, but Ell’Hakan had given Jake the perfect opportunity.

Even as Jake rapidly used One Step to get height, thus exiting the emotion-detection range of Ell’Hakan, the nahoom still hadn’t noticed Jake as the sunbeam lasted a lot longer than Jake had thought it would. Also, even if Jake had dodged it and was now getting height, he was still affected by the immense heat it gave off, but the sunlight was impressively focused in the beam, meaning Ell’Hakan had a lot more control than Jake would expect, considering the sheer scale and power of the attack.

If he’d taken the beam head-on, Jake genuinely couldn’t ensure his own survival, even if he tried to use barriers and whatnot. Only with Moment or Eternal Shadow did Jake have a good method of escape, and Jake could only admire the fact that Ell’Hakan could unleash such a skill.

He had clearly earned the title as one of the most powerful people of their generation... but Jake was determined to prove himself the strongest once and for all.

As the Sundown beam slowly faded away, Jake’s stealth skill finally activated, and he disappeared entirely. Yet he kept going up for a little while longer until he felt like it was good enough. Once there, he turned his attention toward the nahoom below who was looking into the massive hole created by the beam.

Jake felt it then... this was his chance. Without a moment’s hesitation, Jake pulled out his special Eternal Hunger arrow and nocked it before taking aim at the Usurper below. Arcane Powershot started charging as Jake kept breathing heavily despite the pain, the heat having caused quite a lot of internal damage.

Ell’Hakan was unaware. He simply kept watching out for Jake, who he likely assumed to be down in the burning hole. Jake honestly didn’t know why but assumed that, but perhaps some of the curse energy still lingered down there for a while longer, giving off Jake’s aura.

The nahoom even consumed a potion, recovering slightly for the next round of the fight. One could say a lot of things about Ell’Hakan, but he certainly hadn’t underestimated Jake. Even after such an attack, he moved forward with the conclusion Jake was still going to continue being a massive threat he had to stay prepared for.

However, no preparation could prepare him for Jake doing something Ell’Hakan didn’t even know Jake was capable of.

Soon enough, Jake felt the strain on his body as the Arcane Powershot couldn’t be charged more. Even so, he pushed it just a little further as his shoulders began burning from the destructive arcane energy, and the bow he’d upgraded way back just before Nevermore looked like it couldn’t handle much more.

It was time.

Go.

Jake let go of the string as the Eternal Hunger arrow exploded downwards, hidden by his stealth skill. Ell’Hakan was none the wiser as he still stood there expecting Jake to be below and not above.

Only when it was too late did Ell’Hakan react. The nahoom moved his head to the side at the very last moment, avoiding getting struck on top of his head as he tried to tilt his body. Right as he began moving, Jake used Primal Gaze, but it didn’t even look like Ell’Hakan noticed as Eternal Hunger’s curse energy flooded the area right before it hit him.

The arrow struck him in his collarbone and didn’t stop there as the large spear-like construct continued all the way through. As it passed through Ell’Hakan, immense amounts of curse energy invaded the nahoom’s body, not to speak of the extremely potent poison also mixed in, amplified by the curse.

Jake watched as the arrow kept flying even after hitting and passing through Ell’Hakan, all the runes and magic covering the mythical weapon gone as it flew out of the Usurper around his thigh area. In its wake, it left all the energy Jake had inscribed upon the weapon, making the physical arrow exiting nothing but Eternal Hunger in the form of a spear-like arrow.

Right as it was free of Ell’Hakan, the entire mythical weapon instantly disappeared rather than crash into the ground, reappearing far up in the sky above, held in Jake’s hand. His shoulders were spent from firing the arrow as he stared at Ell’Hakan, almost expecting a notification.

The Usurper floated in the air for a moment before he began to fall down toward the ground, and as he’d moved to avoid Jake shooting him from within the hole, he ended up landing beside the new major geographical landmark he’d just created.

Jake considered for a moment shooting another arrow toward the fallen nahoom, but his bow looked quite a bit worse for wear, so he decided to give it a break as he floated down. While descending, Jake also took the Eternal Hunger spear and held it in front of him as he grasped the arrow’s tip and body. With a good twist and yank, he broke off the speartip and a small part of the handle, holding it as the weapon began to slowly morph into a katar as he allowed the rest of the former arrow’s body to disperse and reenter his soul.

He soon approached the ground, and as he did, Jake felt himself being observed from somewhere. He looked toward where someone was looking but found nothing. Frowning, Jake tried to identify the source of what observed him, but as this observer didn’t appear to hold any malice, Jake decided not to let himself be distracted as he landed only ten meters from where Ell’Hakan was lying on the ground.

Walking over with steady steps, Jake heard the gurgling and struggling breaths and saw the utterly destroyed body on the ground. The arrow had removed more than a third of Ell’Hakan’s entire body mass in one go and, due to its travel path, even blown one of his arms and legs off at the shoulder and thigh, respectively.

All of this wasn’t to mention the curse energy pulsating from his body and the smell of rot from the Heartrot poison infecting every part of him that remained. Looking down at him, Jake sighed as he lifted his hand and prepared to use Touch of the Malefic Viper to finish him off.

If you spot this story on Amazon, know that it has been stolen. Report the violation.

A very small pang of regret to see the fight end like this snuck into his mind, but Jake quickly shook it off. While he had enjoyed a good fight, he knew this could only have one conclusion. With the sun gone and under the light of the twin moons, Jake’s hand began to glow dark green with the intent to end their ill-fated relationship once and for all.

Pain mixed with extreme hunger dominated every inch of Ell’Hakan’s mind as he didn’t even register himself falling and landing hard on the rocky ground below. He was only vaguely aware that he had been hit with an extremely powerful attack, and the logical part of his brain knew he had to do something.

As the seconds passed, Ell’Hakan slowly controlled his emotions one by one, gaining lucidity with every passing second as he desperately struggled. Despite all his efforts, getting rid of the hunger was simply too difficult as it tied into too many other emotions, and the pain was needed as a reminder of what was happening to him... but he did make them slightly more manageable, finally allowing him to understand his own situation.

His body was utterly wrecked, and he could barely move. Curse and poison were coursing through his body, tearing him apart in body and soul. Things... weren’t good.

The remnants of the potion he’d consumed just before getting hit were one of the only things keeping him even halfway stable, but he knew that at any point, he could be pushed over the edge. Even if left alone, his chances of surviving were slim, but if he got lucky, then maybe...

That’s when he felt the hunter land not far away. As he walked closer, he felt the human’s emotions, and a slight hint of killing intent made it evident what he was there to do. Ell’Hakan struggled as he screamed at his body to move, but all he could do was try to breathe and stabilize.

He simply refused to let it end like this... to see everything end like this. Ell’Hakan had done all the preparations he could, never once slacked off or allowed himself to be satisfied. In fact, he’d used his Bloodline on himself all the time. It was one of the reasons he’d even become as strong as he had.

Emotions such as doubt, boredom, fear, apprehension... all of them were things that made one slow down or stop progressing. Ell’Hakan had carefully controlled all these. No matter how hard he had to work on something he never allowed himself to get bored or discouraged, but instead actively amplified all the positive emotions he felt while doing it to keep himself motivated and engaged. He had done this for so many years, even before the system. He’d trained with his spear back then till his hands were bloody but soldiered through everything... and yet...

I can’t.

He had too many that believed in him, too much faith. Gritting his teeth, Ell’Hakan’s mind calmed for a moment as he gathered everything he could. He felt the faith of every native of his planet enter him, the trust in his victory from all who had chosen his side in the conflict spread throughout the galaxy. They all believed he would win, so who was he to doubt?

As he struggled, his emotions overflowed and coalesced as a notification appeared before his eyes.

Skill Upgraded:  [Legend of the Celestial Child (Legendary)] --> [Myth of the Celestial Child (Mythical)]

Instantly, Ell’Hakan felt an influx of energy from all around him as his boosting skill reached an even higher level. This energy fed his body, but... it simply wasn’t enough. It was like pouring oil on an already extinguished candle, and all it ended up doing was prolonging how long he would last. Perhaps it would allow him to now survive if left alone, but the hunter would not leave him be.

Ell’Hakan felt his last hope slipping away with every second he couldn’t even move a finger on his remaining arm. The hunter was observing him as he lay there, and as Ell’Hakan read his emotions for what may be the final time, he was surprised to find a hint of regret in there. He tried to amplify this emotion, tried to make the hunter decide not to finish him off... but how foolish was it to try and make a hunter go against his own instinct?

That’s when Ell’Hakan felt an emotion he had expected even less... and the one he loathed the most:

Pity.

The hunter pitied him as he activated what Ell’Hakan knew to be Touch of the Malefic Viper, making all the poison in his body go on a rampage, quickly quelling whatever newfound power his boosting skill was giving him.

As death approached, memories flooded back into Ell’Hakan’s mind as he let go of all the control he had over his own psyche. He remembered growing up on the streets after his parents abandoned him. Remembered as he tried to survive the long, cold nights and harsh, scorching days, barely scraping by day to day.

The memories just kept entering his mind in an uncontrollable flood as his life flashed before his eyes. His escape from the streets had not been a lucky one, but quite the opposite. He’d been captured by the guards after trying to steal water and was punished with enslavement and to join the slave army as the small kingdom required soldiers.

His days on the battlefield were a daze, but Ell’Hakan realized he was good at it. He always had good control of his own emotions, which allowed him to do better on the battlefield than most, and along with his naturally gifted physique and talent for battle, he excelled. Even so, he was close to death so many times as he grew up in the army from someone who barely qualified as a man to an adult... and as he grew, so did his Bloodline.

Ell’Hakan soon came to learn that it wasn’t just his own emotions he could affect. He started out small, making the army cook give him an extra meal here and there, had the blacksmith ensure Ell’Hakan’s weapon was always the best taken care of, and even made his captain give him more leeway than any of the other slaves.

Gradually, he got more ambitious. From the captain to the commander to the general, he began to influence the military from within. He spread half-truths and lies that were to his advantage, easily convincing others of anything he wanted to as he kept pushing the limits. Emotions and memories were so tightly tied that as long as he could make anyone believe something was possible, he could make them believe it was the truth.

Eventually, Ell’Hakan became a hero of the army – made himself a hero - his title of slave quickly forgotten as all who knew were either killed or made to believe he had never been a slave in the first place. He was praised by all and brought to the capital of the kingdom, who at the time ruled the city they even called the capital now. There, he was met with nobles and royalty, beings that he had once thought were unapproachable beings, but now they were like clay in his hands for him to manipulate as he so desired. The people who’d looked down on him like vermin were now seeing him as if he was truly worthy of being with them, which only gave him more ambition... ambition to go all the way.

The religion of not just the kingdom but every faction on the planet was to worship the sun and the moons. This religion was a remnant from a very long time ago when his planet had been united as one. During this time, the planet was flourishing with plenty of life and greenery everywhere, grand meadows expanding as far as the eye could see, with lakes and rivers everywhere.

But one day, it all crumbled. It was called a punishment from the sun and stars, but later, Ell’Hakan learned it was the result of a massive supervolcano erupting, causing changes to the atmosphere and the entire planet.

Back during this time of flourishment, when the world was united, it had been done by someone who was viewed as a living god. A being no one could question, as he was the son of the celestials itself... a man called the Celestial Child.

Ell’Hakan had grown up hearing about the Celestial Child of Legend as it was sung about in taverns and in the army many told old stories about him. Perhaps it was hubris or rightful confidence, but Ell’Hakan truly chose the most extreme path forward as in front of the king and queen himself, he proclaimed himself not just the second coming, but the Celestial Child reborn.

It took a lot of effort but little time before he managed to convince just one of the priests... and with one on board, the doubt spread, was turned into a sliver of belief, which he then instantly grasped onto with a vice grip and amplified.

All of this culminated in his lie becoming truth. He was proclaimed the Celestial Child, unified all the kingdoms and clans using the legends of old, and formed the new empire that ruled his planet for many years before the system even arrived.

The initiation was simply another chance for him to continue his ambitions, giving him not just a singular planet but an entire multiverse to make his own. However... as he was on death’s door, he finally realized how foolish he had been. How arrogant.

He had played the role of the Celestial Child so long that he’d forgotten he wasn’t truly the legendary figure of myths. He was just Ell’Hakan, a pathetic slave from the streets who’d gotten lucky getting a powerful Bloodline.

His position wasn’t earned; his powers nothing but a grand lie.

Right as the last vestiges of life left him, he couldn’t help but think what the real Celestial Child could have accomplished if he had been born during the time of the system. Surely, he would have done better than some like Ell’Hakan...

If only it had been real... if only he’d been the real Celestial Child, the real son of the moon and stars... if he could only truly become him...

All emotions began to fade from Ell’Hakan’s mind as only this one thought and desire remained, and as it did, his mind collapsed as his Bloodline went into overdrive. Ell’Hakan faded, his ego washed away by a singular desire...

*ERROR*

Due to your Bloodline, the skill [Myth of the Celestial Child (Mythical]) is evolving.

And from the nothingness, the mind of another being emerged. Lies became truth, as what was once a legend and an act became reality.

*ERROR*

Skill downgraded- Syngery Detected-

*ERROR*

Skill Upgra- ERROR – Skill Down – Skill Lost – ERROR

...

Synergy Detected

Skill gained: [Absolute Delusion: Reincarnation of the Celestial Child (Unique)]

Despite seemingly having no path of survival, the ruined corpse of the one once known as Ell’Hakan opened a single eye as he stared at the moonlit skies above and spoke in a clear voice as he lifted his otherwise immovable arm and reached upwards.

“Mothers... I’m here.”

And as he called to his parents, they heard his plea.




***
Chapter 1029: Primal Hunter vs Celestial Child (6)


***






From the very beginning, the Paths Yip of Yore and his Chosen walked were flawed. The flaw wasn’t extreme, and it wasn’t something that made it necessarily a bad Path, but it was a flaw nonetheless. One there truly didn’t appear to be any workaround for.

Their Paths both fundamentally revolved around lies. It was to make themselves appear as something they truly weren’t, gaining recognition and faith from others based on the false truth they represented. In many ways, Ell’Hakan’s Path was more complete than Yip of Yore, as the actual truth behind Ell’Hakan’s grand lie was far less well-known, and his Bloodline made convincing others of his truths far easier.

However, no matter how many people Ell’Hakan or Yip of Yore convinced of a lie, there would always be at least one person who knew the truth. One person who weakened the entire foundation of their Paths, as their Records of knowing reality couldn’t help but influence their skills. This person was naturally the one in the center of everything and the spreader of the lie:

Themselves.

Yip of Yore knew when he was lying. So did Ell’Hakan. They knew they were spinning tales to try and gain power, and in some ways, how couldn’t they? They were the Origins of their own stories, after all.

That was why someone like the Malefic Viper looked down on Yip of Yore’s Path despite recognizing it was powerful. In his eyes, it truly was just an inferior version of something Valdemar did accidentally.

Valdemar also gained power from legends and stories about him as they helped amplify his Records and, thus, even his entire faction. The difference was that these legends weren’t born from lies or grossly overexaggerated truths; they were merely tales of the War God’s actual accomplishments. He was just a showman by nature, and his innate disposition easily gave birth to new legends, certainly helped along by Gudrun actively promoting Valdemar’s feats.

This wasn’t something Ell’Hakan or Yip of Yore could accomplish. Not as long as they themselves knew, deep down, that the fundamental truth of their power was based on a lie. Yip of Yore had tried to fix this, tried to forget aspects of the lie to make them more truthful in his own mind, pushed it to the back of his memories, and even had a Transcendent that helped him take Records, making his claims closer to being “truth,” but in the end, he still knew it was all a lie.

It seemed like an impossible flaw to address until now.

On that day, Ell’Hakan overcame the weakness of their Paths... but at what cost? He had genuinely wished to be the Celestial Child in his final moments, and his Bloodline had made his intense desire become the truth... not by actually turning him into the Celestial Child of legends, but by genuinely making him believe he was.

It was all a delusion... a lie so powerful he even fully believed it himself.

Jake... didn’t know Ell’Hakan wasn’t the “real” Celestial Child.

And now, neither did Ell’Hakan, and there was power in such a pure belief as now the only contradiction to Ell’Hakan’s truth were the Records of the system. Records the Usurper was now claiming as his own, mixing them with Yip of Yore’s Legacy, as something entirely new was formed, creating the grand illusion that was Ell’Hakan’s vision of what the Celestial Child of legend once was.

What and who he now was.

Jake had only activated Touch of the Malefic Viper for two seconds when he felt the change. Ell’Hakan was already dying; Jake could obviously feel that, and he hadn’t believed that the few seconds it would take for him to fully pass would mean anything. In fact, he’d believed that using Touch would be the fastest way to fully end Ell’Hakan as he corroded away the remaining vital energy of the Usurper. His opponent was already only hanging on through sheer Willpower alone and was as good as dead, which was why Jake hadn’t seen what happened next coming at all.

His intuition did warn him a moment beforehand, and Jake instantly tried to move forward to just stab Eternal Hunger through Ell’Hakan’s skull with the hope that he could speed things up, but he only got a single step before he stopped... was stopped.

The moonlight from above intensified as two concentrated shafts of light hit Jake, immobilizing him entirely as if his soul had been bound by ethereal chains. Right as he was snared, he saw Ell’Hakan raise a hand toward the sky as he spoke.

“Mothers... I’m here.”

Ell’Hakan began to slowly float off the ground as two shafts of moonlight also hit him and lifted him up. Jake quickly broke free from his restraints and moved to attack Ell’Hakan, but a shockwave of energy sent him sliding back, making Jake frown. Even if Ell’Hakan was clearly out of vital energy, he still had mana to work with. Jake was just surprised he could mobilize it in his current state... assuming it was Ell’Hakan mobilizing it.

Because the entire vibe the Usurper gave off had changed.

There was a feeling of aloofness in the air, and the mana was more powerful than before, with new concepts mixed in Ell’Hakan hadn’t used before. The fact he’d used the moonlight was also clearly different, but it shouldn’t come as a surprise considering the former Chosen’s moniker of the Celestial Child.

To be clear, despite the vibe around Ell’Hakan changing as if he’d become an entirely different person, it was clearly still Ell’Hakan. His soul was the same, and his mana signature was the same... but something had clearly charged inside of him.

Gotta finish him off before something else unexpected happens, Jake told himself as he pulled out his bow again. The weapon only had a few dozen seconds to rest since his last use, but much of the destructive energy that still lingered in its body was gone now, giving Jake confidence it would hold up.

Taking aim, Jake quickly charged an Arcane Powershot toward the floating Ell’Hakan. As the arrow was in flight, Ell’Hakan finally reacted with his one eye opening wide in an instant as his body exploded with mana once more.

He flung his own body upwards, carried by the moonlight to dodge the arrow. Jake responded by shooting another, only to be met with multiple barriers blocking him. Not to be deterred, Jake shot several more arrows as he made them curve around the many barriers. While the nahoom tried to block them all, he failed as several struck his already battered body, exploding on impact and worsening his wounds that were already looking pretty damn lethal.

Yet, despite the damage, Ell’Hakan kept floating upwards, and Jake got an even more odd feeling than before. Not quite one of danger, but his intuition still warned him, making Jake take preemptive action. He didn’t know if the guy planned on escaping or whatnot... but there was no way Jake was gonna let that happen.

Before he’d arrived on Ell’Hakan’s planet, Arnold had stopped by Valhal’s planet. He’d brought with him a few things, one of which Jake had been saving, unsure if he had to use it. Jake had held back on it for a few reasons... all of which should become clear upon reading the description of said item.

[Void Sphere (Unique)] – Can temporarily trap the user and another individual in a Void Sphere Dimension. Both targets must be C-grade or below. Activation time is dependent on the abilities of the user and the selected target. This Void Sphere is incomplete, causing the Void Sphere Dimension to not be wholly stable and giving it a severely limited duration.

If you spot this story on Amazon, know that it has been stolen. Report the violation.

First of all, yes, Arnold had succeeded in making a Void Sphere. Somewhat. Compared to the real thing, this one sucked ass with a lot of drawbacks, with Arnold not even knowing how long it would last or how long it would take to activate.

However, a Void Sphere was still a Void Sphere, and as Ell’Hakan floated into the air, Jake took out the item which just looked like a black tennis ball of glass. Focusing on the item and Ell’Hakan above, he felt his mana drain from his body as the item got infused.

Right then, Ell’Hakan also stopped floating upwards as he rose to stand upright. More and more barriers kept appearing, the Usurper burning through whatever mana he had left at a rapid pace, seemingly not caring about the cost at all.

“To find myself in such a state... how embarrassing,” the voice of Ell’Hakan echoed, but his tone was different. “Mothers, please banish the memories of seeing me like this from your eternal memories, and I swear I shall wash away the stain on my name.”

Jake kept activating the Void Sphere as Ell’Hakan barely regarded him but instead looked toward the sky and the moons. “Firstly, allow me to address the pathetic state of this body of mine... with help, if you will... from all of you.”

The final words echoed weirdly, and Jake felt something odd pass over him. A certain kind of emotion was triggered, not from the figure floating above but from the environment itself. However, before he could fully identify the cause, the Void Sphere abruptly activated as a black beam shot toward Ell’Hakan faster than any C-grade could possibly react.

As it hit him, a shockwave erupted from both Ell’Hakan and Jake as the Void Sphere exploded upon activation. The two of them were banished to their own Void Sphere Dimension in an instant, isolated from the rest of the world and the planet.

This sudden change clearly affected Ell’Hakan, making him frown. Everything appeared the same, with even the powerful moonlight remaining. Truthfully, the only thing Ell’Hakan had been separated from was all the other natives on the planet... which appeared to be why the former Chosen frowned.

“Void sorcery?” he spoke, looking down at Jake. “A valiant attempt... but the connection between myself and my subjects is not so easily severed. You shall not deny my fellow nahoom the privilege of showing their loyalty.”

Jake finally understood what the odd emotional compulsion he felt from the environment was after he said this. Ell’Hakan was using the Planetary Pylon to send out an order of sorts and compelled all the natives to do... something. Jake didn’t understand what exactly it was, but he would soon come to learn it.

Because, after only a few seconds, Jake saw the first few strings of energy gather around Ell’Hakan. It was faith energy, but this time, it felt different. Way different. After the first few strings, the faith energy began multiplying to an extreme level as Jake was forced to take a step back, his eyes opening wide at the sight.

Did he seriously...?

Back in the capital city of Ell’Hakan’s homeworld, the nahoom were gathered around the palace, all in prayer as they knew their planet faced the largest crisis they had ever encountered. One that made the Prima Guardian be nothing but a faint memory.

However, as with the Prima Guardian, they wholeheartedly believed in the victory of their god... the victory of the Celestial Child. But they also knew that the opponent he faced was special. He was the incarnation of an evil god, a being of pure death and destruction that sought to snuff out the light of the stars and bring about the end of everything.

Only the Celestial Child could stop such a monster... and as they were all in prayer, they heard the call. Their god needed help. Their help.

The priest leading them in prayer smiled gleefully as he opened his arms wide and stood up as he spoke: “Rejoice! The Celestial Child has opened the Gates of Celestial Ascension!”

A few figures were impatient and couldn’t wait even a moment after hearing the call as they slumped over right then and there. The priest was envious of their instantaneous devotion, but he knew his job was to guide them all. The only ones who were unlucky were the children too young or those who needed to continue serving on this plane... fotunately for him, he remained one of the lucky ones.

“Now let us go! Join me as we take to the stars!”

With these words, he watched everyone in the grand plaza, save for those who were forced to stay, slump over as their souls left their bodies, and the priest could only smile, satisfied as he joined them, willingly extinguishing his own soul and ending his life.

All for a greater purpose. All for the Celestial Child.

William, back on Earth, was carefully monitoring his ritual for any major events happening in the galaxy. Primarily, he was looking for any significant movements of forces by reading the massive karmic web to see if anything big was happening.

However, just then, he felt it. When he’d gone to Ell’Hakan’s planet way back then, he’d placed a few hidden magic circles to monitor the planet from afar. Ones that would only be triggered if certain conditions were met... and just now, nearly every single one of them activated at once. William was shocked as he hurried to check what the hell was going on.

The karmic web he observed shuddered as he focused on the planet in question, trying to read the waves of karma from there... but all he saw were strings breaking apart and dispersing. He had a serious look on his face as all the remnant energy from these broken karmic connections were gathering in one place, all their will, hope, and faith included.

He kept watching with bated breath as the strings just kept breaking... a thousand, ten thousand, a hundred thousand... million... ten million... a hundred million... it simply kept going as a massive karmic maelstrom gathered on the planet where he knew Lord Thayne and the Usurper battled.

I’ll need to report this, he said as he quickly got up and headed out of his small formation room. Miranda would, without a doubt, want to know as soon as possible that in just a few seconds, the majority of the entire nahoom population had suddenly ended their own lives, filled with devotion as they did so.

Jake watched as a cyclone of pure energy revolved around Ell’Hakan, the powers of absolute faith manifesting as Jake realized what was going on. He’d made his subjects do the ultimate act of faith and committed what was realistically ritualistic suicide, all with the intent of their lives turning into nothing but a small string of faith energy.

He had no way to reasonably estimate how many people had ended their lives, but it was certainly an extreme number. What’s more, Jake watched as more than ninety-nine percent of all this faith energy merely dispersed into nothingness as Ell’Hakan had no way to properly absorb or use it, his abilities as a C-grade simply not adequate... but with so much of it, his utter lack of efficiency didn’t matter.

This cyclone of faith kept swirling as some of it was absorbed by Ell’Hakan, and some of it went into the skies, empowering the moons. The severed limbs of his opponent were replaced with appendages of pure energy, and even the missing parts of his body were merely filled in with energy to replace what had been lost.

Ell’Hakan’s entire body was glowing and burning with power as he stared down at Jake. “I apologize for the wait, would-be destroyer of my world.”

Jake returned his gaze, and he had just one question as he also infused his voice with power. “What exactly happened to you?”

The nahoom took only a moment before sighing. “I merely remembered who I truly was.”

“Who are you then, if not Ell’Hakan?” Jake questioned.

“Ell’Hakan... the name of the former slave allowed to be the vessel of I, the Celestial Child. An honorable role, to be allowed to inhabit my reincarnation, and one he shall be recognized for,” the nahoom spoke.

Jake just stared at the nahoom as the faith energy kept coming and entering his broken and battered body. Most of the poison was getting rapidly eliminated, and the curse energy dispersed, but Jake still couldn’t help but sigh and shake his head.

He’s lost his fucking mind.

“There is sadness in my heart for what comes next, but you must die for the transgressions you committed against my world. You may struggle, but it will only prolong the inevitable,” the clearly mentally broken Ell’Hakan said.

It appeared that, in his grand delusion, the nahoom couldn’t see it, but Jake most certainly could. Ell’Hakan gave off an even more powerful aura than before now, his body literally glowing with power... and while he was a little better off than before his sudden change, it wasn’t by much, and one thing was more clear than anything:

There was no fucking way his body or soul could handle what was currently happening to it.

The Celestial Child raised a hand, the moonlight behind him intensifying as Jake bent his knees, ready to move at a moment’s notice. He faintly heard the sound of his own heart beating with excitement as he felt his senses intensify, a hint of happiness flashing through his mind. A part of him was happy that the Usurper hadn’t simply died so easily... oh, but to be absolutely clear, Ell’Hakan or the Celestial Child or whatever the fuck he wanted to call himself now was going to die.

Jake’s danger sense warned him just then as he moved to dodge, all his senses in a state of hyperfocus as his Bloodline responded, the auras of the Celestial Child and Primal Hunter clashing in a battle for supremacy that would decide not just the fate of the planet but the entire Milky Way Galaxy.




***
Chapter 1030: Primal Hunter vs Celestial Child (7)


***






A beam of moonlight struck where Jake had just been standing as he dodged out of the way, but rather than leave a big burning hole like the sunbeams had before, this one was far more subtle. Where it had hit, the ground just turned white and cracked, a faint wave of extreme cold washing over Jake from the impact spot.

First fire, now ice, Jake mentally commented as the Celestial Child held out his hand as his trident appeared. He grasped it with both hands – one made of pure celestial energy born from faith energy and the other real – and pointed it down toward the ground as if it were a staff.

It pulsed once, making Jake’s eyes open wide as a bright spark appeared from thin air before quickly exploding in a rain of starlight, making Jake dodge even further than he had initially planned to. Even so, Jake managed to release several arrows while moving, dodging every attack heading his way as a rain of exploding starlight and moonbeams came at him.

Ell’Hakan also managed to block all the attacks heading his way as barriers of solidified moonlight appeared to meet the arrows. Picking up even more speed, Jake rapidly took to the air to make it easier to dodge by giving him another direction to use while avoiding the nahoom.

Likely realizing he was wasting his energy, Ell’Hakan lowered his trident and regarded the weapon for a bit. “Your cowardly strategy will not work. I can see it. You believe my vessel will not be able to contain my power, so let me assure you. Even if it is destroyed, even if my body fades, I shall remain.”

Yeah, Jake wasn’t even going to address that one as he dodged another few attacks before Ell’Hakan stopped trying to play mage and entered melee once more. From Jake’s point of view, Ell’Hakan was definitely fucked in the head because while he claimed he would totally remain even when his “vessel” stopped working, Jake felt pretty certain reality disagreed with that statement.

The assumption that Jake was just trying to drag out the battle wasn’t a bad one, though. Because, in all honesty, just being purely on the defensive and dragging things out would be the wisest strategy Jake could deploy.

Ell’Hakan was essentially using a boosting skill far beyond what his body could handle, but rather than burn his own energy, he was constantly absorbing and using faith energy as fuel. The thing is, no matter how many people he sacrificed and no matter how much faith energy he absorbed, he was ultimately still limited by his body – or, as the Celestial Child called it, his vessel.

So, if Jake wanted a safe victory, he wouldn’t even try to attack but just dodge around until his opponent burned himself out. However, Jake didn’t want to do that. He wanted the fight and to kill Ell’Hakan for good on his own... plus, the guy had already pulled off a miracle and survived when he should already have been dead once.

Jake wasn’t going to accept it happening a second time by playing things too passively.

Still, all this did make Ell’Hakan extremely dangerous as the nahoom turned into a beam of light, the sunlight replaced with moonlight as he used his movement skill. Appearing right in front of him, Jake, for the very first time, could use both his katars with Eternal Hunger now back being a melee weapon.

He met the trident as he tried to parry it, but as his weapon got closer to Ell’Hakan’s, he felt as if the katar was magnetically repelled from the trident while his opponent’s weapon veered in an unnatural angle toward Jake’s chest.

Twisting his body equally unnaturally, Jake still barely avoided as he spun in the air and tried to land a blow on the nahoom, but his opponent responded quickly, using his arm made of pure energy to block the attack. Jake did manage to cut off the hand, but it was instantly regenerated, it happening so fast that Jake’s swing hadn’t even finished before he was met with a blast of white light from the newly formed hand.

The light washed over Jake and was met with Scales of the Malefic Viper that nullified most of it as he infused the skill with extra energy. The white flash of light didn’t blast Jake back or anything. Instead, he felt himself momentarily freeze up and get slower as Ell’Hakan swung his trident.

Without any hesitation, Jake erupted with arcane energy as he caused an explosion in front of himself, getting blasted back from the shockwave while narrowly avoiding a nasty cut. He carefully stabilized, telling himself to be more cautious moving forward.

Not giving him any break, Ell’Hakan continued attacking, showing off the same pure skill as a warrior he had before. Even if it seemed like his personality had drastically changed, Ell’Hakan was clearly still himself, seeing as he had the exact same fighting style now as before. As for how in the hell it made sense for someone “reincarnated” to only use the skills of the person’s body they had taken over... yeah, the short answer was that it didn’t.

One good thing about his change was that Jake hadn’t felt the use of Ell’Hakan’s Bloodline even once so far. For good reasons, Jake couldn’t be entirely confident Ell’Hakan wasn’t still actually using it subtly on Jake here and there, but he did have a theory that the entire Bloodline was kind of preoccupied with keeping the delusion going.

This did help Jake a little, but he still found himself on the back foot as he faced the onslaught of the massive powered-up Ell’Hakan. He ended up making a mistake soon after, misjudging the distance slightly due to the odd pull of the trident, resulting in Jake blocking Ell’Hakan’s attack directly rather than deflecting it.

Jake felt pain rush down his arm and hand from the impact, barely holding on and giving Ell’Hakan a chance to strike for more. The trident flashed with white light again. Jake expected to have his movement affected, but instead, he was actually blasted back this time as a sense of death and cold washed over him.

Even if much of the light was blocked by the scales, Jake still felt his soul be affected as he took a significant amount of direct damage to his health pool. Moreover, rime formed on his clothes and scales from the cold light.

By now, one thing was pretty evident.

The moon affinity used by Ell’Hakan was altered compared to what Jake had read about. It had an odd stillness to it... a sense of serenity that was definitely not healthy to have in the middle of a fight.

Usually, the moon was seen as quite a mysterious concept. It was heavily tied to the concept of mysticism and magic itself, and while it wasn’t anything odd for it to also be expressed as cold energy, it usually wasn’t like this. Compared to the Lucenti affinity - the concept of moonlight – this light also differed substantially.

If you encounter this narrative on Amazon, note that it's taken without the author's consent. Report it.

It had way too much death baked into it. Rather than death only being expressed through coldness, the magic deployed by Ell’Hakan had the death affinity itself be part of it. In many ways, what Jake currently faced was the exact opposite of the sun affinity from before. Death instead of life, cold instead of heat, and rather than having the ability to stimulate healing and life, this one had the exact opposite as it sought to still everything.

Chances are this expression of the moon affinity was born from the faith and belief the native nahoom had regarding the twin moons. To the nahoom, the moons were harbingers of cold and death on the planet. The planet was entirely desert, so he could only assume how extremely low the temperature could drop during the night... and he couldn’t help but imagine how many had frozen to death, with the last thing they saw the two moons in the sky, hanging above them like the eyes of the grim reaper.

Jake couldn’t say if this interpretation of the moon affinity was more or less dangerous than the regular kind, but one thing he did know was that it was far more offensive in nature. He took soul damage every time the light washed over him, and the coldness slowed Jake down in both body and soul, making it an incredibly dangerous mix with Ell’Hakan’s powerful physical abilities and – after his boost – superior stats.

Finally, Ell’Hakan now fought as if he had unlimited resources, which, to be fair to him, he kind of had as he was being fed more faith energy than he could possibly handle.

Jake wasn’t entirely losing out, though. Relying on his usual technique of being primarily defensive while landing the occasional counterattack, Jake worked to disrupt his opponent’s momentum while not getting caught out of position himself, occasionally even landing a small counter.

After a dozen seconds of Ell’Hakan failing to land any blows despite constantly slowing Jake down or trying to impede his movements with the cold moonlight, he once more changed things up.

Ell’Hakan swung his trident wide, releasing a wave of pure energy that glittered like starlight, forcing Jake back as he prepared for Ell’Hakan’s follow-up. However, rather than charging, the Usurper raised his trident toward the sky as he spoke.

“Starfall.”

A massive beam of solid starlight shot upwards at an incredible speed before exploding over a hundred kilometers up. As it exploded, a wave of multi-colored light filled the air like a thick cloud... a cloud that rapidly began falling toward the ground.

Ell’Hakan, who had been staring upwards with a smile, was suddenly in for a rude surprise as an Arcane Powershot struck him square in the chest, blasting him into the horizon as Jake swiftly whipped out his bow the second he saw the opportunity to do so.

However, right after Jake hit him, space itself seemed to twist for a moment as Ell’Hakan was dragged back through reality, appearing where he had just been hit before, with no signs of the arrow having ever struck him. He didn’t even say anything but instead just charged before Jake could shoot a new Arcane Powershot, Jake unsure what kind of skill he had just used.

Jake reacted by teleporting back while taking a potshot, keeping an eye on the attack arriving from above. He kept retreating back but was soon caught up with as the nahoom used his movement skill again right after Jake teleported.

Switching weapons quickly, Jake used both katars to block and redirect a downward swing, making the ground erupt as the trident struck it and caused an explosion of light that sent Jake skirting back. While still blinded, Jake bent backward, avoiding a horizontal slash as he twisted his body and kicked Ell’Hakan, launching himself away again.

Giving chase, Ell’Hakan made his trident glow with powerful moonlight once more, creating a domain of frost and death all around him that froze the ground in his wake. This was timed with the attack from above also finally arriving.

Tens of thousands of crystalline shards of starlight fell from the sky like rain, each of them highly unstable based on an extremely brief analysis. With a charging Ell’Hakan and the attack from above, Jake also took things up a notch as he infused his presence with energy, activating Pride of the Malefic Viper.

The domain of frost met tough competition as Ell’Hakan entered range, Jake diving forward to meet his opponent. As he dove, the air above him shivered as arcane mana manifested, dozens of destructive bolts and orbs appearing to meet the shards of starlight.

Jake and Ell’Hakan clashed as stars met arcane, massive explosions of multi-colored light and Jake’s destructive arcane energy enveloping them as they kept fighting despite the constant explosions happening all around.

This cascade of explosions ended up distracting Ell’Hakan far more than Jake as he found himself blinded and, at times, disoriented, allowing Jake to take advantage as he landed several stabs on the Usurper, blood splurting into the air with every attack.

His opponent stumbled but quickly recovered as he purposefully got stabbed in the stomach and used the opportunity to grab Jake’s forearm with his hand of starlight. The hand instantly began glowing, Jake’s scales fighting back hard. Gritting his teeth, Jake used his other katar to try and stab Ell’Hakan in the neck, but the nahoom managed to block it, forcing Jake to take more extreme measures. Jake’s body split into two as a shadow disengaged out of his back, the Shadow Vault aspect of the skill allowing him to get away.

At the same time, the real Jake purposefully stabbed his arm deeper through Ell’Hakan’s stomach before making the entire arm explode, the overflowing arcane energy in his body erupting inside Ell’Hakan’s stomach.

Having lost an arm, Jake stumbled back as a trident swung for his neck, but all he did was smile as he was hit. The trident successfully beheaded the Eternal Shadow as the real Jake had switched positions with it just in the nick of time. Ell’Hakan was clearly perplexed even as the Arcane Powershot hit him in the shoulder – the one where he still had an arm of flesh and blood - blasting it off entirely.

Jake prepared to launch a follow-up arrow, but right as he let go of the string, he suddenly lost strength in his arm, making him fumble and miss the Arcane Powershot entirely as Jake grimaced, looking at his arm where Ell’Hakan had held him.

Despite using Eternal Shadow, Jake still had a burnt-in handprint on his forearm, the skin there entirely white and lifeless. What’s more, it was rotting all the way through, with even the Soulshape having taken damage. While he had managed to land a good hit, the cost had been pretty big, too, as even if he switched places with his Eternal Shadow, he’d still lost a good deal of vital energy from that stunt.

Opposite him, Ell’Hakan regarded his missing arm but seemed to barely mind as a new arm of starlight instantly formed while he began walking forward.

“You still fail to comprehend what you are facing. As long as the stars and moons of the universe exist, so shall I,” he said in a calm and confident voice. “The biggest mistake you’ve made was to trap me with you within this world of void sorcery. All that did was make your escape impossible, cutting off all paths for survival.”

Jake glared at his arm once more as he tensed it up, purposefully flooding it with vital energy as it healed quickly. He barely cared about what Ell’Hakan said as he regarded the nahoom with a cold gaze.

“I guess we’ll see if it was a mistake or not.”

The nahoom just sighed. “It was.”

Just then, the entire body of the Celestial Child pulsed, as in the sky, a second explosion of starlight happened that caused a rain of shards, all done without him even having to shoot a beam up there. At the same time, he took another step forward but stomped hard this time. From his stomp, a wave of cold spread in a circle all around him. Jake took to the air immediately to dodge, as below him, the ground erupted with ice crystals piercing through the ground.

With the same stomp that summoned these ice shards, Ell’Hakan propelled himself forward, his aura of cold and death only growing as he approached his final end. Far above in the sky, above the falling shards of starlight, the twin moons also began to glow with renewed power as the moonlight fell upon Jake, sending a cold shiver through his soul.

Jake responded by empowering his Pride of the Malefic Viper even more as magic manifested all around him to meet the multi-pronged attack, as once more, katars and trident clashed under the cold moonlight, one battling to “save” his world despite already being a dead man walking, but refusing to see it due to his massive delusions, while the other...

Well, the other one was just doing it because he wanted to, and as the pressure mounted, the opportunities he knew it could lead to, as there was no better time than a battle like this, one which genuinely threatened his life, to push himself further and progress his Path.




***
Chapter 1031: Primal Hunter vs Celestial Child (8)


***






Explosions and cutting waves of crescent moonlight reshaped the landscape as Jake and Ell’Hakan battled across the planet’s surface, tearing everything up in their path. Most of it was sand, but there were also plenty of massive rocky plains for them to destroy as Jake constantly redirected Ell’Hakan’s blow away from himself and into the environment, with the nahoom not caring in the slightest as he continually released his rain of starlight shards.

Courtesy of the Void Sphere, none of their destruction was reflected in the real world, and neither did they encounter any other living beings as they continued fighting, the fight having taken on its own tempo. Ell’Hakan had slightly powered up once more despite his state seemingly worsening, making him able to constantly put pressure on Jake.

Not that Jake was losing out much as the battle stayed surprisingly equal for a while, with Jake constantly retreating and forcing Ell’Hakan to give chase to avoid Jake pulling out his bow, as while Ell’Hakan had a slight advantage in melee combat, it was the opposite when distance was established.

Jake did wonder a few times if attacking even mattered much, as despite doing a lot of damage, Ell’Hakan seemed to not care in the slightest. In fact, it seemed to almost make him stronger as despite losing another arm and taking multiple injuries, he simply healed everything immediately using his odd starlight energy. Or, well, considering he called himself the Celestial Child, perhaps calling it celestial energy would be more accurate.

However, Jake soon became confident that despite nothing seemingly changing, his attacks did have an effect. He began to notice that the poison still running through Ell’Hakan’s body began to move differently when it sought to attack his vital energy, almost as if it met obstructions or cut-off paths. Moreover, as Jake focused more on the poison in Ell’Hakan’s body using Sense of the Malefic Viper, he began to notice the small cracks.

Not on any armor or weapons, but on Ell’Hakan’s Soulshape, indicating his soul was breaking apart in real-time, and whenever Jake landed a blow, he only sped up the process. Seeing this, Jake even doubted it for a moment as he questioned how Ell’Hakan could remain so damn blasé about everything. If Jake could detect the massive amounts of soul damage going on, so could Ell’Hakan, right?

Because Jake sure as hell noticed how much his forearm hurt every time he moved it, the damage from being grabbed earlier taking annoyingly long to heal. While it wasn’t enough to negatively affect his combat prowess, it was bad enough to make Jake extremely cautious of ever allowing Ell’Hakan to catch him like that again.

To avoid being caught, Jake had also chosen a very specific direction to move in, as the two of them were rapidly moving toward where the largest population of the nahoom had once presided: the capital city.

He planned on using the area to his advantage, as the nahoom really liked building tall towers and large buildings that should help block many of Ell’Hakan’s attacks, while Jake felt confident that these obstacles would instead only lead to more of his arrows hitting as he got more opportunities for tricky curving arrows.

Soon enough, the city appeared as they went over a sand hill, Ell’Hakan shooting a beam of moonlight straight through the sand as it was kicked up everywhere during his pursuit. Jake dodged the beam as he shot an arrow that the nahoom decided to dodge, slowing him down slightly and giving Jake a chance to use a few instances of One Step before his opponent turned into a beam of light and pursued once more.

He appeared in front of Jake as he unleashed an explosion of starlight that Jake purposefully blocked with a barrier of arcane mana to launch himself toward the city. He was ready to be attacked again, but instead, the nahoom began talking while giving pursuit.

“Even now, it stands proud, a beacon of life and a testament to the power of the nahoom in the middle of the desert,” the Celestial Child spoke, turning his attention briefly toward the capital city Jake was nearly at.

“I do find it appropriate for this to be the site of the battle, and I shall bury you here once you’re dead, erecting a monument to serve as a warning and reminder to all who dare try and walk a similar path to yours.”

“Reminder to whom?” Jake yelled back in between using One Step. “How many did you kill of your own kin already? Are there even any alive to build the monument for you?”

“I did not kill my kin. They simply gave their lives to protect this planet. They know that should I fail to slay you, it will mean the end of this world, your very existence a threat to the universe,” the Celestial Child responded calmly. “You also underestimate the nahoom. We are a hardy race, and even if you had succeeded in your plot of destroying the planet, we would have survived through our kin spread throughout the galaxy. Kin that shall return and help rebuild once you have fallen.”

The confidence of the nahoom was almost impressive, and Jake would have had at least an iota of respect if he didn’t know it stemmed from Ell’Hakan mind-fucking himself into oblivion. He truly was utterly delusional, believing everything he said with genuine conviction as if it were the absolute truth.

While that was pretty damn laughable, Jake also recognized how dangerous it was. Ell’Hakan was effectively closer to an elemental or spirit now with his current body, only hanging on due to the constant influx of faith energy and an insane display of Bloodline-fueled Willpower that could truly only come from someone so broken.

Finally entering the capital city proper, Jake instantly used the many tall towers to his advantage. Ell’Hakan followed, but he seemed in less than a rush. In fact, rather than chasing after Jake directly, he instead flew up into the air. Initially, Jake thought he was doing this to keep better track of Jake, but instead of looking downward to where he would be, the nahoom instead stared directly at the sky.

Up there, the twin moons were still glowing brightly, though neither of them had released any attacks for quite a while. Seeing Ell’Hakan stare at them, Jake just shrugged mentally as he shot an arrow toward him, the nahoom at least aware enough of himself to quickly move and block it.

“Impatient... but very well,” Ell’Hakan said as he turned toward Jake. “You are powerful. More powerful than I had expected you to be, even considering I do not believe I underestimated you. Considering the failing state of my vessel, dragging things out needlessly seems ill-advised... so allow me to hurry things along.”

The Celestial Child held out his arms to each side, and from Jake’s perspective, it looked like he held a moon in each hand. The light behind him suddenly intensified, and Jake’s eyes opened wide as he felt a wave of warmth wash over him right as he was blinded.

“Sunrise.”

With a moon in each hand, the Celestial Child looked like he became the sun itself as it rose up behind him, joining the twin moons in the sky, all shining brightly. Jake was instantly assaulted by the heat as it mixed with the coldness of the moonlight from before.

A massive maelstrom of faith energy swirled around the newly formed sun, feeding it some of all the energy Ell’Hakan couldn’t absorb. This skill usage had clearly sped up the nahoom’s demise further, but despite that, this wasn’t a good thing for Jake... far from it.

Rather than this “sunrise” making the sun start by actually being a sunrise, it appeared already mostly risen immediately, the heat it gave off also representing this. Jake’s scales were immediately put under extreme pressure as the heat of the sun began to burn Jake, and despite the sun still not being at its highest point yet, things were already worse than when he’d fought against this skill last time...

This tale has been unlawfully lifted without the author's consent. Report any appearances on Amazon.

Because despite the rising sun, the moons hadn’t gotten any weaker. In fact, it appeared to be quite the opposite.

The moonlight had been changed slightly in nature as the coldness was gone. Even the element of death had disappeared, with both of them entirely replaced with the concept of stillness, said concept having been amplified as the moonlight lost its other properties.

This resulted in Jake’s body not only being burnt, but he also felt himself get slower as the moonlight sought to immobilize him. The Celestial Child had effectively activated a double domain, and right now, the only saving grace was that Jake had a moment to adapt as the Celestial Child didn’t look like he could move freely while keeping the skill ac-

A beam of light appeared in front of Jake as Ell’Hakan appeared, even his physical body now reflecting his rapidly deteriorating soul as white cracks had appeared throughout, revealing glittering starlight inside the fissures in his body. Jake saw these fissures but didn’t have time to consider them more as he desperately moved his katars to block the trident bathed in starlight that swung for him.

Jake was launched back upon impact, the celestial energy searing into his flesh as it penetrated the already weakened scales. His opponent instantly followed up, and because Jake couldn’t move as he wanted due to the moonlight, he failed to fully block as he received a cut to one of his forearms.

He tried to make some distance and make use of the city’s layout, but he was simply too slow now to get away fast enough. Jake was pushed back repeatedly as he tried to minimize injuries, the only harm he did to Ell’Hakan stemming from the few times some of Jake’s toxic blood splurted on him.

Every wound Jake received was infected with the celestial affinity, burning into his soul along with his body, not to mention the fact having his scales broken by the trident strikes made the actual sun also burn him, worsening his injuries.

This can’t go on, Jake thought desperately as he kept being pressured, only getting a minor break after being blasted through a large stone tower, which temporarily gave him cover as it crumbled down around him.

The double domain was too much to deal with, and Jake tried to fight back as he kept resisting it with Pride of the Malefic Viper. However, the skill simply wasn’t strong enough to keep up. While it did allow him to more easily impose his will upon the world around him, Jake still had to actively use it to resist.

Pride allowed him to more easily summon mana into the air all around him, and while he did try to use his arcane affinity to stabilize the space, the combined powers of the sun and moonlight were just too difficult to battle at the same time. Especially while also dealing with a physically more powerful nahoom currently burning his own soul while swinging a star-wrapped trident around.

His only real way to fight back was to try and adapt on the fly to the domain. His scales were admittedly doing a wonderful job, and without them, Jake would have been completely and utterly fucked. The scales did also help analyse all the energy they absorbed, giving Jake some level of insight into the kind of magic he was dealing with, but proper analysis and discovery of a way to counteract it would take long... way too long.

Ell’Hakan exploded through the falling debris of the falling tower, stabbing Jake, who was still trying to deal with the domain. Failing to fully block once more, Jake was sent spinning toward the ground as he smashed through a multi-story house and into the ground, the impact of hitting the house actually hurting as the buildings were constructed by Builders who had strengthened all the materials used significantly.

Getting up quickly, Jake barely teleported away in time, only to be struck in the back half a second later by a beam of starlight blasting him down a long street and through another five houses before he landed on the dusty street once more, rolling several times.

Punching the ground, Jake caused an explosion of arcane energy, launching him upwards with his back blistering and burning from a combination of the beam of starlight and powerful sunlight.

If not for this damn domain... Jake cursed as he was forced to dodge another three ranged attacks, Ell’Hakan closing in again.

Usually, the best way to battle a domain was with one’s own domain... the problem was, Jake didn’t have one. The closest thing he had was Pride, and that wasn’t a real domain skill. It was more of an aura skill than anything else. Domain skills altered the world, while all Jake could do was affect the world just around him by imposing his will, which simply wasn’t enough...

... wait, why wasn’t that enough?

As Jake was once more sent flying through the air, he questioned himself why it wouldn’t be enough? Pride of the Malefic Viper made it easier to control the area all around him, made it easier to summon magic there, and even allowed him to attack anyone within his presence with mental attacks.

Right now, Jake’s presence extended quite far. If he wanted to, he could even make it extend at least dozens of kilometers in every direction, though it likely wouldn’t work to infuse that entire area with mana using Pride. Doing so would also be extremely wasteful, as it all came back to the importance of scope versus intensity.

That’s when Jake got his idea to fight back. Right now, he had his presence extend quite a good distance away from himself to fight any ranged attacks, the skill having proven very useful against the falling star shards, but right now, he didn’t need that.

Jake focused as he slowly retracted his own presence, consolidating it. It shrunk from extending a few hundred meters in every direction to less than a hundred, then fifty, forty, thirty, twenty... Jake kept retracting his presence until it was only in a five or so meter radius all around him.

Right as Ell’Hakan closed in again, trident raised and ready to strike, Jake made his gamble. Activating all his Willpower, Jake focused on Pride of the Malefic Viper as he imposed his will upon the world in his immediate surroundings.

Rather than try to make his own domain, Jake did just the opposite... he willfully expelled any domains. Leaning into the concept of Pride itself, Jake simply didn’t allow any domain to affect the area his presence had already laid its claim on, arrogantly only allowing his own magic to exist there.

Jake felt his mind be strained as he pushed his Willpower further than usual, the double domain fighting back against what Jake was trying to do. Blood began to drip from Jake’s nose as he strained himself too much... but soon, it was replaced with a wave of confidence as he felt his body lighten up and the moonlight’s effect on his body severely lessen, making him know he’d succeeded. The extra Willpower also instantly became useful, Jake instantly feeling he got it as he barely had to even check the notification.

Skill upgraded: [Pride of the Malefic Viper (Legendary)] --> [Pride of the Malefic Viper (Legendary)]

Ell’Hakan’s attack arrived just then, but Jake could move again. He dodged it significantly faster than before, taking the nahoom by surprise as Jake landed a counterattack by stepping forward and quickly jabbing his opponent in the chest.

The Usurper stumbled back and swung to counter, but Jake was faster as he kept pace and landed another stab, dodged the swing, and stabbed one more time for good measure, every attack of his resulting in even more cracks forming across Ell’Hakan’s already rapidly breaking down body and soul.

“Even now, you grow stronger,” the Celestial Child said as he dodged back from one of Jake’s attacks.

“Wouldn’t feel right if you were the only one,” Jake smiled, using his newly improved Pride to manifest magic all around him as hundreds of arcane bolts appeared instantly. At the same time, he also finally consumed a health potion to try and better his current state.

He had taken quite the pummeling, leading to wounds covering his entire body, most of them burning with celestial energy. The vital energy instantly flooded his body and began to heal him, the nahoom in front either not noticing or not caring.

“Perhaps it wouldn’t, and it does prove you are worthy of being recognized as my adversary,” the Celestial Child responded right as the sun above flashed, a massive laser of pure light descending as the nahoom charged again. Jake quickly released his mana bolts, sending them flying in an unpredictable swarm as he dove forward.

Dodging the sunbeam, Jake clashed with Ell’Hakan yet again, the nahoom no longer taken by surprise from Jake successfully nullifying most of the two domains’ effect on him. To clarify, Jake was still burning through mana to resist it, and even then, some of it continued to leak through. The effect was just so much less now, and his scales could handle it for the most part.

As Jake and Ell’Hakan crossed weapons, their magic also met all around them, arcane energy clashing with celestial magic as they rapidly tore through the capital city. Jake occasionally got the opportunity to create distance and use the environment as he had originally planned, but Ell’Hakan was equally quick to adapt as he was rarely taken by surprise.

Somehow, the fight had moved to seeming equal again, almost having turned into a battle of endurance. Jake was burning through his resources quickly to keep up with the stronger Ell’Hakan, while Ell’Hakan was burning through his very existence. Jake had long stopped holding anything back, even using another two Eternal Shadows to dodge while landing solid counterattacks, despite the increasing cost of using the skill consecutively.

Both of them had to know the fight was nearing its end, with Jake only having one burning question in his mind... did the Celestial Child have any more tricks up his sleeve?

Because Jake almost hoped he did... this desire soon to be realized.




***
Chapter 1032: Primal Hunter vs Celestial Child (9)


***






Jake’s Pride of the Malefic Viper pressed Ell’Hakan as he managed to force the nahoom back by unleashing a blast of arcane mana, and using that opening, Jake rapidly charged and loosed an Arcane Powershot.

More flesh and blood were torn off as Ell’Hakan was sent spinning, but he stabilized in mid-air, only to unleash a crescent wave of starlight that tore apart the tower Jake had quickly dodged behind.

Nocking another arrow, Jake barely stepped down in time to teleport away as a beam of moonlight struck where he had just been standing, giving him just enough time to shoot another arrow.

A flash of sunlight from above sent another laser of pure fiery destruction down, the energy mixing with the moonlight as Jake felt the attempt to slow down his movements once more, but with Pride, he managed to resist and avoid the beam.

The heat still singed him, and it put Jake in a bad position as Ell’Hakan used his movement skill to close in again. Jake was forced to take a nasty cut to avoid lethal damage, his movements not as fast as he would like to as even if Pride allowed him to avoid much of the double domain’s effect, he wasn’t entirely immune.

Still, Jake got in a good hit in return, stabbing Ell’Hakan in the chest and tearing out another piece of flesh. By now, the nahoom barely looked like a nahoom anymore. Most of the skin and flesh on his chest had been sheared away little by little, only to be replaced by starlight. He also only had a single leg left, with even that being partly replaced with the same celestial energy.

It was evident he was out of vital energy to regenerate his actual physical body and that he was just doing stopgaps to keep himself moving. The limits of Willpower truly shocked Jake, as he wasn’t sure if anyone else could have kept going in the current state that Ell’Hakan was in.

Jake would compare the current Ell’Hakan to a leaking faucet... no, a faucet that was filled with holes while still being turned on. Usually, this faucet would be connected to a water tank – the soul and his resource pools – and needless to say, having the faucet be this fucked up would empty it out pretty damn quickly.

However, Ell’Hakan kept himself going by constantly filling up his water tank. He’d effectively placed a waterfall of faith energy right above his water tank, pouring in energy constantly to keep him going.

Even as Jake began to poke holes in the tank itself, making it leak all over the place, Ell’Hakan kept filling it up constantly. The waterfall just kept pouring... and while he, in his extreme delusion, believed he would survive once it stopped, Jake was certain of the opposite.

The moment he ran out of his constant torrential supply of faith energy, his water tank would empty within seconds, resulting in his death. Of course, there was one more way to kill him before that happened... to destroy enough of the water tank to make its structural integrity break down entirely.

With the cracks showing even on his physical body, Jake knew the nahoom wasn’t far off from collapse. The Willpower of Ell’Hakan was not only actively controlling the waterfall pouring in faith energy, but the duct tape making the current water tank not fragment and break, and at some point, the nahoom would simply not be able to keep up anymore.

Of course, Jake couldn’t say his own body was in a good state, either. He’d been under the constant exposure of domains for most of this fight, slowly whittling away at his resource pools as he had to fight it off. Not to mention the fact he had to replace his scales many times over, had to keep Presence active for much of the fight, and all the hits he’d taken to avoid more serious ones.

It all added up, and contrary to Ell’Hakan, Jake didn’t have an endless supply of energy... not that he would want to enter a state similar to Ell’Hakan’s, as the second he’d done so, he was already a dead man walking. His soul had taken damage beyond repair a long time ago, and he was realistically just waiting for death right now.

Jake’s own soul was also already pretty damn strained, having kept Arcane Awakening fully active for a while now. His skin was slowly peeling from the overflowing arcane energy running through his body, and his internals had taken some damage from both the arcane energy and celestial energy battling inside of him. He hadn’t lost any limbs yet, true, but only because he’d avoided those kinds of injuries at all costs to avoid a decrease in combat ability. Due to the current state of Ell’Hakan, trading blows simply wasn’t worth it most of the time, so even if Jake could bisect Ell’Hakan in trade for an arm, he wouldn’t do it.

That was the case despite all the chances Ell’Hakan gave Jake to do so, and even when they clashed once more, and Jake got a great chance to cut off the nahoom’s one remaining limb, he refused as he didn’t wanna risk losing his hand in return. Instead, he just landed a light stab before getting away, avoiding taking an injury himself.

“You fight with fear,” the Celestial Child said, giving pursuit. “Why? Do you not trust in your own will and desire to live like I do? Where there is will, there is a way. I believe, no, I know my soul is one with the stars and that I am eternal no matter what happens to any of my vessels. You cannot kill me... but it appears as if you believe I can kill you. That’s why this isn’t a battle you can win. You don’t believe in yourself enough.”

Jake ignored him entirely, as quite frankly, responding was a fool’s errand. What was the saying again? Never argue with delusional people because they’ll drag you down to their level and beat you with just how bloody out of touch with reality they are? Okay, Jake definitely got that one wrong, but the point still stood.

Besides, Jake needed to focus all he could on the fight, as he planned on walking away from it alive, unlike the looney he was facing.

As another half a minute passed, Ell’Hakan’s state only got worse and worse, only with Jake landing what few blows he could. No, the real cause of damage was the poison in the nahoom’s body, rotting away what little flesh he had left, resulting in nearly the entire remaining leg now also being made of starlight.

Soon, only a bit of his upper chest and head would remain flesh and blood, the rest nothing but energy. This extreme soul damage would naturally result in Ell’Hakan dying, but to Jake’s surprise, the deteriorating state of Ell’Hakan’s soul integrity also led to something else before that happened...

Because, right as the two of them clashed again, Jake felt something react. Ell’Hakan also clearly noticed as the two of them made distance from each other. Right then, the entire Void Sphere Dimension also began to shake violently as tears in reality disrupted space itself as the shortcomings of the item Arnold had created in a few months now showed themselves. Then again, perhaps it was unfair to put anything on Arnold as it was questionable how many items for C-grades could handle what was happening.

“You...” the Celestial Child said, staring at Jake as space shuddered all around him.

Jake just answered with a light smile and a shrug. “It’s your fault that the connection became too unstable.”

Because it looks like even the system considers you close to already dead, Jake added mentally as he saw the notification explaining what was happening.

Divine Bargain of the Malefic Viper successfully completed.

It was only a guess, but Jake assumed that with Ell’Hakan’s deteriorating state, his connection to the Planetary Pylon had indeed become too damaged, allowing the Divine Bargain to go through pretty quickly. At least it was faster than Jake expected it to be if he was being completely honest.

If you encounter this story on Amazon, note that it's taken without permission from the author. Report it.

Which did make him ask two things... first of all, what was his reward for the Divine Bargain?

And secondly... what was happening to the planet as a result of the bargain?

Moments ago, the Planetary Pylon was pulsing, struggling, as it fought off the snakes wrapped around it as they only got tighter and tighter. Then, suddenly, a green glow appeared as the eyes of the snakes opened all at once, a hiss sounding out that sent a subtle wave of energy pulsing out from the Planetary Core before fading away slowly.

In the wake of this fading light, the snakes were gone... along with the entire Planetary Pylon that appeared as if it had just been whisked out of existence entirely.

Only a second passed before the entire core room began to shake, the walls cracking before crumbling, with the entire thing collapsing in upon itself, making the core room no more. This destruction only began to spread as soon everyone would know what happened to a planet that had it’s Planetary Pylon taken away in the most literal sense of the word.

“What the hell do you need a random Planetary Pylon for? What’s more, with it separated from its planet...” Duskleaf asked as he stared up at the Planetary Pylon that was already cracking and breaking apart. Having been disconnected from the planet, it would soon crumble to dust, making it entirely useless.

“Hey, be nice,” the Viper said with crossed arms in a faux offended tone. “This was a gift from my dear Chosen. One that he expects something in return for, sure, making it a bit more transactional than I would have liked, but isn’t it only polite to always give gifts in return when receiving one? Also, more than anything, it’s the thought that counts, and I can only appreciate the thought behind this one.”

Duskleaf frowned as he realized. “Wait... if Jake gave it to you... and considering the aura of the Pylon... did he?”

“That’s right,” Vilastromoz said, wiping a tear from his eye. “I’m just so proud. Jake finally destroyed his very first planet... oh, how they grow up so fast.”

As the Void Sphere Dimension was soon approaching collapse, two things happened at once. Firstly, right after Jake thought about what he would get for the Divine Bargain, a small item appeared right in front of him. He didn’t even have time to Identify it before it simply disappeared and entered his storage.

Probably for the best, too, as Ell’Hakan charged at him right then, trident held high. The moon and sunlight got refracted by the tears in space, but Jake and the nahoom were unaffected even as the world around them was seemingly falling apart. Jake was pressured back, going on the defensive, and soon enough, the entire Void Sphere Dimension shattered like a mirror.

The two of them returned to the real world immediately, where it was quickly made clear why the poor Void Sphere Dimension had been destabilized. Right as they appeared back in reality, Jake had to dodge to the side as a torrent of lava erupted from below, enveloping Ell’Hakan as a geyser of lava several kilometers tall shot up from a fissure in the ground below.

After the Void Sphere Dimension had been broken, they’d also returned to the desert they originally entered it from, but that desert had now rapidly changed. Massive earthquakes powerful enough to move entire continents had opened up fissures in the ground for all the sand to fall down, lava spat up in different places, and the sky was filled with thunderstorms as even the atmosphere was rapidly unraveling.

“You have broken my world,” the Celestial Child said, his voice cold. “For that, I shall break you in kind.”

The nahoom’s power suddenly intensified even more as a newfound stream of faith energy fueled him. For a second, Jake was confused about where it came from, but he soon understood.

Not everyone had sacrificed themselves the first time around, but now that the world was ending, they, too, had given their lives to help support their god.

His increased level of power instantly put pressure on Jake as he was repeatedly forced back. The nahoom had no regard for defense anymore – not that he had a lot to begin with – and his increased speed made him even more dangerous as he tried to end Jake’s life then and there.

Jake thought quickly as he dove into one of the newly opened fissures in the ground, barely avoiding a spout of lava and rock fragments being thrown up. Ell’Hakan gave chase, sending a large crescent wave of starlight forth that tore the sides of the fissure apart and opened a path through the lava spouts.

Focusing on his Sphere of Perception and danger sense, Jake purposefully dove toward an area where the entire side of the fissure was cracking and falling apart. Right as Ell’Hakan reached Jake again, he turned around and blocked, the shockwave from their clash sending Jake flying back while also breaking the already cracked rocks apart right beside them.

A mountain-sized slab of rock instantly tumbled down on Ell’Hakan, giving Jake a moment to retreat further as he, this time, took to the sky. An explosion behind him let him know that Ell’Hakan was hot on his trail. Jake looked up and saw the thunderclouds hanging far lower than usual, and the layers of the sky had already fallen apart as the energy of the planet was rampant.

Constant thunderbolts with enough power to injure even Jake struck down on the ground, creating massive craters all around, as it felt like the entire planet was trying to exert whatever energy it had left. The chaotic environment made simply existing there a hazard... or, in Jake’s case, an opportunity.

As Ell’Hakan approached again, Jake purposefully flew to where he felt a sense of danger. Ell’Hakan reached him right as Jake dodged out of the way of a lightning bolt that instead struck the nahoom, blasting him down toward the ground.

A beam of light shot up toward Jake from the newly created crater, a smoking Ell’Hakan flying up a moment later. Jake kept retreating, making use of the environment whenever he could to strike at Ell’Hakan while avoiding taking too much damage himself.

However, even if Jake had an environmental advantage, Ell’Hakan still managed to get in his fair share of attacks. One of his legs was nearly severed as he was stabbed by the trident right as it exploded, Jake barely hanging on to the limb because of the bones.

The collapse of the world also only accelerated, happening far more swiftly than Jake could have ever expected. As the fissures grew, entire landmasses were raised due to the shifting plates, the stone not made for such rapid change as it cracked and broke apart, entire country-sized slabs of rock breaking apart down the middle, only making the destruction worse as their split caused pressure elsewhere, accelerating the collapse.

Jake and Ell’Hakan were approaching one of these massive slabs of raised land that looked like a giant wall stretching as far as the eye could see. The two of them exchanged several blows before Jake dodged out of the way, making Ell’Hakan’s trident release a blast of energy into the giant slab of raised rock.

Within this rock, a large magma chamber resided, and as the land had been compressed as it was raised, the magma had been under extreme pressure... right as a trident stabbed a hole into the chamber, making the entire thing expand outwards.

An explosion of magma and stone erupted from the side of the mountain, covering Jake and Ell’Hakan in the liquid molten rock in an instant. The magma itself couldn’t do any damage to either of them, but what it did do was blind them momentarily.

Ell’Hakan quickly reacted as he swept away the lava as best he could, glimpsing Jake, who was coming straight for him. Without any hesitation, the nahoom stabbed through the lava and found purchase as he struck Jake right in his chest, piercing the heart.

For a brief moment, an expression of pleasant surprise flashed across Ell’Hakan’s face before quickly vanishing as the Jake he’d just stabbed dissolved into black smoke right as an Arcane Powershot pierced through the smoke and struck the unprepared Ell’Hakan straight in the neck.

The power of the attack, combined with the poison having rotted much of the neck already, resulted in a head flying into the air as Ell’Hakan was decapitated by the arrow. Jake didn’t celebrate, though, as even with the head gone, there was no notification.

What he saw instead was the nahoom stumbling back for a single step... only for a new head of pure energy to appear. However, right as it did, Ell’Hakan’s entire body looked like it flickered as if he was losing his form. Cracks began to visibly grow as he mimicked his planet by rapidly approaching collapse.

Yet, even in this state... the delusion persisted. The form of Ell’Hakan appeared to stabilize for a moment as he regarded Jake.

“This vessel is nearing its end... and so is my world. Both shall be buried here, and this part of the galaxy shall become a memorial, but do not forget my promise. You shall be buried alongside this vessel and planet both.”

Jake knew with certainty whatever was about to come as the Celestial Child’s final attack. One that would consume whatever he had left, alongside all the remaining faith energy.

Preparing himself, Jake took a defensive stance as Ell’Hakan raised his trident toward the sky. Lighting was still striking all around him, the shaking of the world from the planet’s collapse deafening... yet as he raised that trident, the world seemed to relax.

Far above, the sun and twin moons began to glow brighter than before... and then they moved. The two moons began to slowly move in front of the sun, a blanket of darkness falling over the world as they did so, and Jake’s eyes opened wide as he felt that what was about to come wasn’t something he was confident in surviving. This realization came right as the Celestial Child spoke what would more likely than not be the last word at least one of them would hear:

“Eclipse.”




***
Chapter 1033: Primal Hunter vs Celestial Child (10)


***






The dark skies above were roaring with power, the faith energy of Ell’Hakan having all gathered into one singular point. A pressure powerful enough to calm the planet briefly washed over it right after Ell’Hakan spoke as the eclipse formed.

Gone was the scorching heat of the sun, the stillness of the moonlight having completely disappeared. Instead, it was replaced with something else. It was an all new kind of concept that seemed to align with both the sun and the moon, yet surpassed both.

For a very brief moment, Jake thought back to the Tutorial when he’d used the corrupted shard on the King of the Forest and created an explosion resembling an eclipse. Back then, it had all been born from two opposing and unstable energies forcibly mixing... and in truth, this wasn’t much different.

The sun was a bringer of warmth and life. Meanwhile, the moon represented a harbinger of cold nights and the stillness of death. Mixing these two wasn’t meant to happen as they opposed one another... but it could be done, which was when another memory flashed of someone who had successfully merged opposing concepts to catastrophic results:

Minaga. During the final boss fight of his Labyrinth, the Unique Lifeform used fusion spells of fire and frost as his so-called “big spells.” What was born of a successful fusion was more than the sum of its parts, the destructive potential reaching entirely new levels.

The Celestial Child had accomplished something very similar. Jake couldn’t say if it surpassed what Minaga had done during the fight back then, but he did feel certain the scope of this was far, far larger.

And so was the cost.

As Ell’Hakan stood there, his hands spread as the world experienced a total eclipse, the rest of his remaining flesh peeled off, and his body began breaking apart even more as wide cracks formed down his entire mid-section, even the body of starlight, barely able to keep itself together anymore.

Not even a second had passed since Ell’Hakan spoke, Jake’s mind working at high speeds as he evaluated what to do. Run? No... no, his intuition made it pretty clear he wasn’t going to get away from what was coming, and even One Step wasn’t an option as space itself in a massive area was being suppressed.

Block the attack? Jake wasn’t confident, far from it. Whatever was coming would be unlike anything Jake had faced before. To even call it an attack of a C-grade seemed inaccurate... it was more akin to a mass-sacrifice attack, something used by the Holy Church through massive sacrificial rituals. The biggest difference was that the level of faith those who had sacrificed their own lives for this attack far surpassed even those the Holy Church normally had sacrificed themselves. That, and the fact the ritual was being conducted by Ell’Hakan, an incredibly powerful being himself, especially after he abandoned any future to fully immerse himself in his delusion, and the fact he was also giving up the rest of his own life to do the ritual.

So... no, blocking was out of the question.

Call for help? They wouldn’t arrive in time.

Try to negotiate? Yeah, fat chance.

Trick Ell’Hakan somehow? The dude was so far into his own delusion that Jake could bring back the “real” Celestial Child - assuming he had ever even existed in the first place - and Ell’Hakan would still proclaim himself the real one even as every single god in the multiverse vouched for the real one’s authenticity.

Jake was wracking his brain as only two options appeared... one was to do what he’d done back when he faced Valdemar in Nevermore. Pulling on his Bloodline like that came with massive risks, though, and in all honesty, Jake wasn’t sure what the result of doing so would be.

Back then, he had been in his “mortal form” due to the Challenge Dungeon. Now, he was quite evidently not, and as he vaguely remembered how he felt back then, Jake feared the consequences of using that kind of power. A lucky outcome would be to experience a period of weakness for a good while after using it, but it was equally possible he would experience some kind of permanent loss.

The point was that Jake had no way of knowing, which made him reluctant. Especially after the entire Palate of the Malefic Viper fiasco, Jake was a lot more careful about just using his Bloodline willy-nilly. Yes, it was powerful, but perhaps it was too powerful at times, and no matter how he used it, he would still have to bear the cost of its usage.

This left Jake with only one real option left in his mind... one that was perhaps the simplest when facing this kind of massive attack:

Kill the caster before he finishes fully casting the skill.

Without any hesitation, Jake pulled out his bow and started shooting. Intuitively, he knew that getting close to Ell’Hakan, who was already burning up his entire existence, would be problematic, and he was confident in dealing more damage with a bow than even if he could make contact and start stabbing while using Touch of the Malefic Viper.

The response to Jake’s attack was lackluster, to say the least. A few barriers that seemed ot almost be cast automatically appeared, blocking two arrows before the third one penetrated through and hit Ell’Hakan head-on.

It struck him in the chest, the arrow piercing all the way and leaving several cracks where it hit as if Jake had struck a statue. The second arrow had a similar result, and so did the third, but Ell’Hakan seemed unbothered as he still stood there with the trident raised as the eclipse finished fully forming and powering up.

Jake desperately kept shooting, holding nothing back. He infused every Arcane Powershot as quickly as he could to deal more damage and pushed his boosting skill above even the 60% he really didn’t want to go beyond, all to try and destroy the vessel of Ell’Hakan – or to lean into the metaphor of earlier, make the water tank fully collapse.

The arrows were weakened by the pressure from the eclipse, but they still each dealt tremendous damage. Jake’s danger sense grew as his body moved faster and faster before he felt that the true attack was about to arrive, and he knew it was time to unleash his final gambit.

From his quiver, Jake took out a large arrow he’d been preparing in the background for a while. Just because Jake had used the Eternal Hunger arrow earlier didn’t mean Protean Arrow was out of commission, and this arrow had truthfully been ready for a while as he’d started to form it right after he’d used Eternal Hunger. He just never saw a good opportunity to use it, not before now.

Nocking the Protean Arrow, Jake took aim and charged Arcane Powershot quickly before loosing it, also pouring in every shred of Hunting Momentum he had left. Right before the arrow struck the Celestial Child, Jake pushed himself by using Primal Gaze to try and momentarily stun his foe with the hope it would assist in destabilizing his foe’s soul.

Unauthorized tale usage: if you spot this story on Amazon, report the violation.

Primal Gaze activated as Jake felt his eyes about to pop out of his head from the strain as he felt like he’d just used the skill on several people at once. All the faith energy in Ell’Hakan’s body had changed his soul permanently, making it foreign and damaging for Jake to look at, which was also the reason he had been apprehensive about using Gaze throughout the fight.

Even so... despite the backlash perhaps not being worth it, the skill worked. Ell’Hakan froze right before the Protean Arrow struck him in the chest, the arrow piercing straight through him as the nahoom buckled over. Cracks formed across his entire body, making it look as if he was about to shatter, but Jake wasn’t done yet.

Now.

Throughout the fight, Jake’s Hunter’s Mark had been building up energy little by little with every blow Jake landed. Each individual hit hadn’t contributed much, but with how Ell’Hakan had just taken all the hits as he became closer and closer to a being of pure faith energy, the build-up had only increased, reaching a level beyond anything Jake was used to.

And now, he detonated that entire Hunter’s Mark all at once.

The still-keeled-over Ell’Hakan lit up as Jake detonated the charge, arcane light flashing out of every fracture and hole in the nahoom’s already broken body. It burned him from the inside as it dealt direct damage to his soul, and Jake felt the soul of the Celestial Child shudder...

Shudder, but not break.

Jake’s face fell as Ell’Hakan slowly raised himself to a standing position again. The Celestial Child looked down at Jake with an expression of scorn and arrogance, letting Jake know that he’d failed.

With his trident raised, Jake saw Ell’Hakan command the eclipse as he lowered his weapon, the celestial phenomenon obeying his command. In the sky, a black pulse of energy sent a shockwave down as a massive pillar of energy began descending toward the planet. It broke through the already damaged atmosphere, making the sky shatter and break apart upon impact as it continued down with Jake as its only target.

The dark light of the eclipse covered an area as far the eye could see, and Jake could only desperately draw his bow and shoot another arrow as the light descended toward him. The attack the Celestial Child unleashed wasn’t a super flashy one, nor did it appear very destructive. Even the atmosphere hadn’t truly been “destroyed” by the light of the eclipse... the balance keeping the struggling atmosphere whole had simply been broken by the overwhelming surge of energy.

Jake’s danger sense was going berserk as he stared at this light that seemed to bring with it only oblivion, and he knew he wouldn’t walk away from blocking it... so he did just the opposite.

His scales dispersed, all defenses scattered, and Jake refocused all of Arcane Awakening to be purely offensive. With Jake exposed, even the passive suppression of the eclipse strained his soul, but he had to ignore it as he just kept trying to somehow end Ell’Hakan before he himself met his end... but it seemed doomed.

Jake questioned what to do at that moment. His plan had failed, and in truth, he had no idea what he was truly dealing with anymore as that eclipse skill surpassed Jake’s expectations manifold. Even if Ell’Hakan died, would the attack persist? Did Jake even have a chance to end the fight here and now? Did he really need to risk using his Origin Energy to empower his Bloodline?

He had so many questions and no way to get away or do anything else but attack as the light came for him. As he faced death, Jake kept looking for the best way forward, but he needed more time... and as his sense of danger grew and the light of the eclipse drew closer, he felt his own heartbeat. It was beating fast, the stress from the fight coursing through him, but the closer the danger got, the more his heart slowed down, and when he had only a scarce couple of seconds left before the lethal attack would strike, Jake claimed the moment as his own.

Moment of the Primal Hunter.

His skill activated as Jake willed it to, his mind more focused than ever before as time slowed down all around him, his heartbeat getting slower and slower until finally… it entirely stopped.

And as it stopped, so did the world.

Skill Upgraded: Moment of the Primal Hunter (Legendary)] --> [Moment of the Primal Hunter (Mythical)]

Jake stood unmoving, not thinking about anything he’d just done, as everything was frozen in place around him, the only thing active seemingly his mind and senses. He watched the light of the eclipse and his opponent, who stood with this light as his backdrop. Jake also stared at the state of Ell’Hakan and his body, and as he analyzed the many fractures and used Sense of the Malefic VIper to understand his opponent’s state, a plan began to form.

He wasn’t sure how long had passed with the world frozen all around him, but Jake quickly began to feel an odd strain. He felt as if his soul was about to be torn from his body, and he knew he had to move and allow himself to be affected by time once more.

The second Jake moved, so did the world also slowly come alive. The eclipse light began slowly descending once more, as only now did the usual effect of Moment of the Primal Hunter trigger, with the world moving in slow motion as Jake was still moving at full speed.

He quickly drew the string of his bow and released an arrow, hitting the still-slowed-down Ell’Hakan at a certain spot in his chest where there already was a crack. A second arrow hit a second crack less than a blink later, with a third following suit nearly instantly after.

As he kept shooting, the brief Moment he’d claimed was rapidly coming to an end, but Jake wasn’t done yet. His heart was still beating, slowly getting faster, but Jake focused all his will to buy more time… but he knew it wouldn’t be enough.

Jake kept drawing his bow, and every time he did so, his perception of time always slowed down as he pulled back the string to take aim, courtesy of one of his often-forgotten passive skills. Yet now, this perceived slowdown in time only annoyed him as his body couldn’t keep up with what he wanted it to do.

He focused deeply on the sensation of time being slowed by Moment of the Primal Hunter and held on to that sensation as long as he could, hoping to get off the right amount of arrows… and as he did so, his body responded. It was unclear if Jake moved faster or the world was slower, but even as Moment came to an end, Jake kept rapidly nocking and shooting arrow after arrow, far faster than he ever could before. As Jake was fully focused on simply continuing to shoot, knowing that the second he stopped, he would lose all momentum and whatever state he was in, he even ignored the notification.

Skill Upgraded: [Steady Aim of the Apex Hunter (Ancient)] --> [Timeless Focus of the Apex Hunter (Legendary)]

By now, Ell’Hakan looked like a pincushion from all the arrows Jake had shot that stuck out of him, with eighteen arrows in total. But it wasn’t enough as Jake kept shooting even as his body screamed at him to stop.

Nineteen.

His shoulders were tearing, and blood was already streaming down his chest and arm from the cracks in his skin, but he kept shooting.

Twenty.

The arm wanted to just hang limp, but he needed two more, making Jake grit his teeth so hard his gums began bleeding as everything hurt, especially as he kept himself in his accelerated state to keep shooting.

Twenty-one...

As he loosed his final arrow, several more vessels burst in Jake’s body, but he got it off as his arm fell down his side, unmoving.

The arrow flew true and hit Ell’Hakan right in the center of his chest the very moment eclipse light also enveloped his body. Everything in Jake’s vision turned down as he was about to be consumed by the light, and he only had time to do one final thing as he sent a mental command.

Each arrow had pierced into one of the many cracks lining his opponent’s body, and Jake had placed every single one of them in a very deliberate pattern. Placed them so that the second he detonated every arrow at once, the fissures in the Celestial Child’s body and soul would widen and crack... and as everything would happen at once, not even give him a chance to keep himself together, no matter how much Willpower or how strong his delusion.

From within the dark light of the eclipse, a single flash of arcane light lit up as the twenty-two arrows embedded in the Celestial Child’s body all turned destructive and blew up at once.

Jake’s danger sense was still screaming, his heartbeat about to go crazy as his survival instinct wanted to take over... but then it disappeared. Within his sphere, he saw the body of the Celestial Child finally experience critical failure, too much damage to his soul’s integrity happening at once, making it collapse in an instant as he simply exploded.

With the dark light of the eclipse mere meters from Jake, it was washed away and replaced by a wave of starlight that blew harmlessly over his body. The eclipse light was entirely gone, with wisps of starlight raining down upon the broken planet instead, each of them fragments of the Celestial Child’s soul. The moons and sun were gone, the eclipse nowhere to be seen as if it had never been there, and the world was calm once more as even all the remaining faith energy began to scatter, the “god” it had gathered around no more.




***
Chapter 1034: Scattering Starlight


***






Jake felt a sense of calm despite the destruction of the planet continuing after the eclipse had disappeared. Weariness washed over Jake, but he didn’t allow himself to relax just yet...

Because no fight was truly over until the system notification said so.

He remained on guard despite his danger sense not picking up anything. Watching the starlight scatter, Jake questioned the lack of a notification... as suddenly, some of the starlight began to gather.

Even a goddamn cockroach couldn’t have survived that, Jake cursed internally as the starlight formed a vague outline... one Jake naturally recognized. It was flickering and unstable, but it was there.

Even so, Jake didn’t make any moves because he didn’t feel anything from it. No aura, no soul, nothing. He wasn’t even sure what he was looking at. A final remnant of will, perhaps, taking on the shape of Ell’Hakan? The shattered pieces of his soul regathered to be absorbed by the system?

Lots of unknowns... all of which probably didn’t matter. What did matter was the actions of this being of starlight. It didn’t make any moves but simply raised its head toward the sky, the voice of Ell’Hakan echoing out.

“Despite looking at them so often... they’re still beautiful, aren’t they?” Ell’Hakan spoke as he looked up at the moons. “I always imagined even my ancestors looking up at this same starry sky, having the same thoughts of grandeur I did... I was just the only one given the opportunity to turn desire into reality through the integration of the system.”

Ell’Hakan turned to look at Jake, and as he met the nahoom’s gaze, he knew he was back to normal, no longer believing he was the Celestial Child anymore.

“I can only assume it was the system’s machination for us to be placed in the same galaxy like this... and for a while, I even viewed it as a boon. To have a powerful entity to compare myself against struck me as fortunate, as it would allow me to go further than I otherwise would. My circumstances would become my motivation, and you, my fuel for growth. Turned out to be the opposite. Hopefully, I was at least worthy of fulfilling that role.”

The nahoom looked Jake directly in the eyes. “Do not let my death be a waste. Keep growing stronger, surpassing anyone who came before you. Set a new standard for the definition of a genius in the multiverse, one that no one can ever surpass. That way, I will at least be remembered as the one who dared oppose the apex, my story living on through your legend. Do that... and I’ll at least feel like I had the last laugh.”

“You really do like the sound of your own voice, huh?” Jake couldn’t hold himself back from commenting. “Pretty sure you should already be dead right now.”

“I should indeed, and it’s not me who’s causing this, but someone who left a small gift with me right before he passed,” Ell’Hakan said with a sigh. “A message you will be given shortly as I pass into the night.”

Ell’Hakan’s body began to slowly shimmer, seemingly fading as he smiled for a final time.

“I pass with the knowledge I shall be eternal... for every time you look at the stars or stand beneath the moonlight, you will remember me. Of that, I’m sure.”

With those words, he slowly faded away, the starlight scattering. Right until the end, Jake really didn’t like that orange bastard. He couldn’t even die without needing to have the last say.

Jake knew whatever was happening wasn’t done yet, though, as the starlight rapidly regathered, this time taking on another familiar form that Jake had also seen not that long ago:

Yip of Yore.

But not really. The Ell’Hakan before was actually him, but this? This was just a specter of Records. A memory of sorts, Jake reckoned. Even so, he appeared quite lifelike as his form became far more corporeal than Ell’Hakan had been, the former pinnacle god regarding Jake.

“So both the Patron and his Chosen turned Usurper have fallen... I would lie if I said Ell’Hakan’s defeat came as a surprise,” the fragment of Yip of Yore said. Jake knew saying anything himself would be useless as the fragment couldn’t actually hear him. It was indeed just there to deliver a message.

“Let me not waste your time, but be direct: act with caution, Jake Thayne. Be careful of the one you call your Patron. Be wary at all times and watch your back... and rather than try to convince you why, let me simply show you why.”

The body of starlight exploded as it formed a scene Jake could only guess was from the final moments of the fight between the Malefic Viper and Yip of Yore. The entire image was very blurry, likely due to some system interference, but Jake still got the gist of it. If he hadn’t, the echoing and fading voice of Yip of Yore laid it out clearly.

“The Transcendence of the Malefic Viper allows him to turn others into fuel for his own Path. Transmute them into pure Records for him to consume. At the same time, look at yourself and what you are... what you can become. Consider and ask yourself if this is the fate in store for you at the side of the Malefic One. If he doesn’t simply view you as nothing more than another ingredient. Ask yourself if you will be wise and take the opportunity to distance yourself before it’s too late. You have been warned... the rest is up to you.”

Jake saw the starlight image completely scatter, and he couldn’t help but think that both Yip and Ell’Hakan sure liked going out dramatically. They couldn’t just die like everyone else but had to have this kind of dramatic sendoff.

He naturally also considered Yip’s words briefly, and while he believed the dead god had spoken the truth about Villy’s Transcendence, Jake didn’t take his thoughts much further than that. He’d chosen to trust the Malefic Viper. He was Jake’s friend, and he wasn’t going to let the words of some sore loser damage their relationship, especially not with how evident it was that Yip wanted to set up Jake as his method of revenge. Still, keeping the knowledge in the back of his mind would only be wise.

With all of that done, Ell’Hakan and Yip of Yore finally having said their piece, the last of the starlight dispersed, floating upwards toward the stars above, and finally, Jake got the ultimate confirmation that Ell’Hakan – the Celestial Child – was no more.

*You have slain [Nahoom – lvl 303 / Herald of Celestial Cycles - lvl 295 / Foretold Champion of Yore – lvl 311] – Bonus experience earned for killing an enemy above your level.*

First of all, Jake had to admit that Ell’Hakan’s class and profession both sounded pretty darn powerful. Likely because they had been. He’d been second only to Jake in this generation, so it only made sense both of them had been absolutely top-tier.

He had many more thoughts about Ell’Hakan’s Path but shelved them for now, partly because he was distracted by the rush of experience that flooded Jake’s body. Even if the level disparity between Jake and Ell’Hakan had been small, the fight had still been extremely close, and the Usurper’s Records were naturally quite extreme, making it no surprise that Jake got quite a few levels.

Help support creative writers by finding and reading their stories on the original site.

*’DING!’ Class: [Arcane Hunter of Horizon’s Edge] has reached level 297 - Stat points allocated, +50 Free Points*

…

*’DING!’ Class: [Arcane Hunter of Horizon’s Edge] has reached level 302 - Stat points allocated, +50 Free Points*

Jake had gained six whole levels in his class from the fight, which was more than adequate… especially when you considered that his class wasn’t the only thing that had gained experience.

*Congratulations! You have successfully defeated the former Chosen of Yip of Yore, who usurped the Path of his Patron after his fall. A new feat has been accomplished. Bonus experience earned*

*’DING!’ Profession: [Heretic-Chosen Alchemist of the Malefic Viper] has reached level 296 - Stat points allocated, +35 Free Points*

…

*’DING!’ Profession: [Heretic-Chosen Alchemist of the Malefic Viper] has reached level 299 - Stat points allocated, +35 Free Points*

While it was less than his class, Jake didn’t complain. The experience came from upgrading Pride alongside what the notification said about defeating the former Chosen of Yip of Yore, and based on the order of notifications, he’d gotten two levels from upgrading Pride and two from slaying Ell’Hakan.

Two levels for killing another Chosen certainly didn’t seem like a lot, but one had to consider the context. Ell’Hakan was no longer a Chosen at all when Jake killed him, more or less severing all relations he had with the Viper.

Jake had gained a lot of levels already when doing all the Yip of Yore stuff, and this had just been the conclusion of all that. A nice wrap-up of everything, with now both the Patron and Chosen dead.

His final notifications – before he got to all the skill upgrades – were, of course, the race levels. And, if one had a keen eye and saw Jake’s new levels in his class and profession, they would know that Jake had officially broken into high-tier C-grade.

*’DING!’ Race: [Human (C)] has reached level 296 - Stat points allocated, +45 Free Points*

…

*’DING!’ Race: [Human (C)] has reached level 300 - Stat points allocated, +45 Free Points*

Reaching level 300 felt like a milestone despite not actually meaning anything in the grand scheme of things. It wasn’t like he would get more stats or anything; it just mentally felt like another barrier had been overcome.

It was a satisfying feeling, and as Jake allowed all his boosting skills to drop, the newly gained levels made him already feel a little better. Moreover, he had one more thing to get to… because while he said all the starlight had scattered before, there was still one place where it persisted.

Right where Ell’Hakan and Yip of Yore had faded away, a singular object now floated. Jake drew closer as he felt its powerful aura, and he already knew what it was.

It was his loot from the fight. With Ell’Hakan turning his entire body into energy, most of his equipment was gone, and the only other piece of gear around was the trident down on the ground, but seeing as it had already become void of energy, Jake assumed it had been Soulbound.

That left just this one item. In the same vein where Jake assumed that one of his eyes would become the loot of his killer, it appeared that Ell’Hakan left behind a heart. A heart made of starlight.

[Starlight Heart of the Celestial Child (Unique)] – The crystalized heart of Ell’Hakan, also known as the Celestial Child, former Chosen and Usurper of Yip of Yore. This Starlight Heart was created after his death, containing his Records. Contains remnants of the Bloodline of the [Redacted], granting it unique powers. This item allows you to [Redacted] while held. Additionally, if consumed, the Starlight Heart of the Celestial Child may grant the consumer [Redacted]. May the powers of the moons and stars guide you.

Jake read the description and only had more questions than answers after doing so, along with one burning question in his mind…

Should I just destroy it?

Jake didn’t like the description of the item at all. For it to contain remnants of Ell’Hakan’s Bloodline was incredibly unsettling to Jake, so much so he didn’t even really want to touch it, much less take it with him.

He was also surprised it was unique rarity. At least he was right up until he read the stuff about the Bloodline, as that more likely than not explained the unique tag. Bloodline stuff also explained why every single effect the Starlight Heart apparently had was redacted.

Honestly, Jake pretty much felt scammed as he looked at the item. Intuitively, he knew it was powerful – at least mythical rarity if it hadn’t been turned unique - but he was nevertheless extremely hesitant. Alas, ultimately, he didn’t feel any sense of danger from the item, and it at least shouldn’t have any malicious passive effects if Jake just stored it away. Safely, of course.

Taking out a special wooden box Jake had stolen from the Order at some point, Jake stored and sealed the Starlight Heart inside before putting it in his spatial storage for further investigations later. Perhaps he would even give it to someone trusted to figure out what the item was all about, but all of that was for when Jake wasn’t stuck on a planet that was rapidly breaking apart beneath him.

Having collected his items, Jake prepared to use his ring to escape by teleporting back to Earth. He had nothing more to do on the nahoom planet and was quite frankly looking forward to finally going home…

However…

Reality had other plans.

Right as Jake began to activate the ring to teleport away – the channel to do so taking a few minutes - he detected movement above. It was not from a thunderstorm or anything else like that, but the movements of a person.

Jake instantly activated a Pulse of Perception as he saw him.

A familiar man walked through the skies, carrying a lantern in his hand, and as Jake saw him, he also felt confident this had been the person observing him right as he began to fight Ell’Hakan. As he realized this, that’s also when Jake saw what this newcomer was doing.

The dispersed starlight that had floated upwards when Ell’Hakan truly died all flew in his direction… and as it got closer, the light of the lantern hit this starlight, seemingly giving it new life before the lantern absorbed all of the starlight into itself.

It only took Jake a moment to realize what was happening… that starlight was effectively the final remnants of Ell’Hakan’s body while also containing the final vestiges of his soul… and seeing who was collecting this starlight along with who he represented, Jake felt a surge of anger as he stared up into the sky and yelled.

“Jacob, what the fuck do you think you’re doing!?”

His words echoed throughout the sky, his teleport already having been interrupted. Despite Jake’s damaged state, he also didn’t hesitate to shoot upwards toward the Augur.

Jacob saw Jake coming and simply finished collecting the last starlight as he waited. It only took a few seconds before Jake arrived right in front of the Augur, practically ready to punch his former boss in the face.

“I asked you what the fuck you’re doing,” Jake said in a cold tone. Colder than he’d ever spoken to Jacob before, as he knew what the man was up to.

“You already know,” Jacob sighed as he looked at the lantern. “The Holy Church invested a lot in Ell’Hakan. Just from what happened on this planet alone, you should understand why. His Bloodline is simply too valuable to give up on… so even if the investment will be extreme, and no matter how bad the result, the Holy Church is determined to resurrect him. All they need from Ell’Hakan is for him to fulfill his promise, even if what is revived wouldn’t truly be him anymore.”

Jake was raging inside, staring Jacob directly in the eyes. “That’s not going to happen.”

“The Church wants it to,” Jacob simply spoke. “And I’ve been tasked to recover what I could to make it possible and store it within this lantern.”

He lifted up the item in question, showing it to Jake.

“Of course, direct divine involvement would be required to salvage enough for a resurrection, meaning that as long as the universe remains locked down for the rest of this system event, all we at the Church can do is store what we can in this lantern,” Jacob continued, looking Jake directly in the eyes as he spoke.

Jake was confused with the way Jacob spoke… he was overexplaining things for sure, and while it took Jake a moment, he soon realized…

“You want me to-“

“My task is done here,” the Augur cut Jake off. “And I shall now make my escape before I’m slain and lose the lantern by using a skill that allows me to switch places with my Guardian, who will fight you to buy time while I get away.”

With those words, Jacob’s entire body flashed, and in an instant, a large warrior appeared in his stead. Bertram, who Jake hadn’t seen in quite a while, had taken the Augur’s place just as Jacob had said he would, the former expert in security before the system regarding Jake.

“Long time no see,” Bertram said, giving a respectful nod. “Now if you would be so kind as to kill me.”




***
Chapter 1035: Primal Hunter vs Augur's Guardian (1)


***






Jake just stared at the guy before frowning. “You want me to kill you?”

“That would be best,” Bertram nodded.

“Why?” Jake just asked. Sure, he was pissed at the situation, but clearly, it was more complicated than he knew. Especially with the way Jacob had talked making it very obvious he wanted Jake to do something about it.

“Because we stole the soul of Ell’Hakan, obviously,” Bertram explained. “That ought to make you quite mad, right? Only seems proper that you kill me for having taken part in it.”

“Okay, hold your horses, what the fuck are you and Jacob playing at?” Jake asked curtly, wanting to stop beating around the bush.

“Everything is as he told you,” Bertram just said, looking Jake directly in the eyes. “The Augur of hope was tasked with saving whatever of Ell’Hakan he could with the goal of reviving him once the universe opens up. Sure, what will be revived won’t be something I’m even sure could be called Ell’Hakan anymore, but it should have the Bloodline, which is ultimately what the Holy Church wants.”

“But not what Jacob wants to happen,” Jake said, Bertram neither confirming nor denying.

Jake was in thought for a moment before asking: “Is the Holy Church sure they really wanna do this? Are they absolutely certain they want to steal my prey away? I would hope they know what will happen and expect consequences to come from that.”

“They do… to a certain extent,” Bertram nodded, though he did seem a bit unsure of just how far Jake would go. “But you do also really underestimate how much they value that Bloodline… think about it like this, if you died and the Endless Empire had the opportunity to revive you and keep your Bloodline, don’t you think they would use any means possible, even if doing so would make them a lot of enemies? Certain people view Ell’Hakan as something like that. An invaluable treasure they simply cannot miss out on acquiring.”

“I guess I could see the Endless Empire go pretty damn far…” Jake muttered.

“Exactly,” Bertram said with a nod. “While I’m certain the Church would prefer to stay in your good graces, the gains simply outweigh the risk on this one. Sure, here in our tiny little Milky Way, making you an enemy is an extremely scary matter, but in the wider multiverse? Not so much. Some also believe they can placate you somehow… but honestly, I don’t know. I’m not really privy to many of these plans, and neither is Jacob, for that matter. This is all some of the higher-ups making these kinds of decisions, and we mortals are merely cogs in their machine.”

“You don’t sound happy with how things currently are with these so-called higher-ups,” Jake said, not hiding his feelings at all.

“It is what it is,” Bertram just shrugged.

“Why is it like it is, though?” Jake genuinely questioned. “This is far from the first time Jacob has seemingly acted against the interests of the Holy Church. If there is so much disagreement, why stay? You two are only risking yourselves, and if you’re discovered, I can only begin to imagine the consequences – assuming you haven’t already been found out. So… why not get the hell out of dodge while you still can?”

Bertram listened and nodded along at several points. He took a moment to answer, as he couldn’t help but look down at the rapidly deteriorating planet beneath them.

“The Holy Church is big… utterly massive. It’s the single-largest faction in the entire multiverse for a reason. It’s one of the only factions that welcome everyone, no matter their race or heritage. This size is both the Holy Church’s greatest strength and also its greatest weakness,” Bertram began to explain.

“While it’s true the Holy Mother is the supreme leader of the Holy Church, she cannot be everywhere and cannot do everything. This has led to several factions forming within the Church, each of them powerful enough on their own to rival some other pinnacle factions. These internal factions don’t always agree on what to do, and they may even give conflicting orders at times. Earth and the entire Milky Way are under the management of one of these internal factions, and it’s them who made the decision to carry out this plan.”

“You’re saying the Holy Mother isn’t involved?” Jake asked, having kind of assumed that to be the case, though perhaps that was wrong of him.

Jake knew he had a very skewed view of how the multiverse worked because of Villy and their friendship. Because he was so close to Villy, he also often ended up directly dealing with other gods or Primordials, having even met the Holy Mother before during Nevermore, but needless to say, this was far from the norm.

In fact, most times, the peak gods didn’t even know what was going on with the mortals of their factions, geniuses or not. Instead, they had others manage things. In some ways, this was often the entire reason they made factions to begin with. It was all just so that they didn’t have to do much themselves to keep things running while still enjoying the boons of commanding a massive faction when convenient.

The best of both worlds and Jake totally got it, considering he was also the same kind of absent leader who just reaped the benefits of technically ruling a small faction while barely doing any work.

So, if he thought about it a little more, it made perfect sense that the Holy Mother wouldn’t be actively involved in any of this and that she was-

“Oh no, she’s very involved,” answered, stopping Jake in his thoughts instantly. “In fact, if she wasn’t, the situation indeed would be one where we were both putting ourselves at massive risk. However, you need to remember… Jacob is blessed directly by the Holy Mother. While he may be working for an inner faction, he is ultimately directly serving the Holy Mother. They have the authority to give him orders, yes, but not the authority to punish him should not fail to act accordingly. All they can do is request the Holy Mother to carry out punishment… something she has yet to do.”

“You mean to say that the Holy Mother doesn’t disapprove of Jacob’s actions?” Jake asked with confusion.

“I don’t know,” Bertram sighed. “I doubt even Jacob knows. All I’m certain of is that Jacob is doing what he believes is right and that it’s my job to keep him safe. Who knows, maybe the Holy Mother wants to see if Jacob can actually enact any positive change through his actions? Or maybe she’s just giving him a really long leash that she’ll eventually yank back before tying him to a pole. Either way… we stay because Jacob believes that being with the Holy Church is where he can help the greatest number of people… even if things here are far from perfect.”

A case of literary theft: this tale is not rightfully on Amazon; if you see it, report the violation.

“It sounds like a bloody mess,” Jake shook his head as he wondered: “Say, is it okay for you to be saying all this?”

“To be saying what?” Bertram asked, giving a sly smile. “I’m just buying time for the one I protect to use the Prima Vessel to teleport back to the planet the Holy Church prepared for him to hide out on until the universe opens back up. Can’t you see we’re clearly fighting right now, my death only drawing closer as I do my best to try and keep the injured but still monstrous Chosen of the Malefic Viper busy?”

“Do you really need these theatrics?”

“Maybe, maybe not, but Jacob believes that this inner faction thinking that we are truly enemies would be beneficial to what he wants to achieve,” Bertram replied honestly.

“Yeah, the Holy Mother definitely knows that’s not the case,” Jake muttered, thinking back to Nevermore and the fact the Holy Mother had always been enjoying the live stream there. He could only begin to assume that the Holy Mother had seen them interact there.

“Of that, we are in agreement, but as I said, she has yet to act upon this knowledge,” Bertram just shrugged. “At least not in any negative fashion… in fact, the only change has been positive. Not too long ago, Jacob was given a Divine Blessing by the Holy Mother, which is also why he has taken such center stage during this Ell’Hakan debacle… despite seemingly working against the Church’s interest at several points.”

“Well, that’s just bloody confusing,” Jake muttered as he let out a loud sigh. “I finally fucking killed Ell’Hakan, and now shit has to get complicated again right away… there really isn’t any way to avoid putting myself on a direct collision course with the Holy Church, is there?”

“Not unless you decide to sit back and take a passive approach, allowing them to do as they want,” Bertram shook his head.

“I guess I should have seen this coming the moment I determined myself to kill Ell’Hakan for good, knowing the interest the Church had in him…” Jake said, letting out a second sigh as he looked back at Bertram. “Do you need to buy any more time, or are you good with dying now? I kind of want to get out of there before the entire planet explodes… or implodes… honestly, I don’t plan on sticking around to find out.”

“Fair enough,” Bertram nodded. “Just make sure to kill me in a way that really hammers home how angry you are that we dared steal away the soul of your prey.”

“It’s gonna hurt,” Jake said, flashing a smirk.

“I can take it,” Bertram said as he lifted his shield and sword. “You know, to really make it look like we had a tough fight…”

“Already on it,” Jake said, as he decided to push himself before getting off the planet. He reactivated Arcane Awakening despite the burning sensation it sent through his body and charged at Bertram, wanting things to look proper.

Katar already in hand, he smashed into the Guardian’s shield, finding himself surprised at how sturdy Bertram’s defenses were. Then again, he probably shouldn’t, as while Bertram wasn’t quite considered a true pinnacle fighter, he was still pretty damn durable and even had a very impressive level that surpassed both Jake’s and Ell’Hakan’s, likely due to Augur bullshit.

[Human – lvl 311]

Still, Bertram wasn’t truly fighting back, and Jake was simply on another level power-wise. He quickly made several deep cuts into the shield, even using Touch on it to leave a deep handprint, really hammering things home.

The sword also wasn’t spared, Jake giving that a good round of Touch of the Malefic Viper, too. Finally, with the weapons addressed, both really looking like Bertram had been in a hard-fought battle, Jake went in for the body of the far larger man.

Eternal Hunger stabbed Bertram in the chest, a void Katar hitting him in the stomach just below. The Guardian grunted and stumbled back, but Jake kept on as he stabbed a dozen times, Bertram taking it pretty damn well as the poison dug into his body.

“You’re a pretty good practice target,” Jake commented as he kept attacking. “You can take a lot, and you can’t really die as long as Jacob is around, right?”

“I would prefer not to be reduced to a target dummy,” Bertram said as Jake continued going ham.

“Not just any target dummy, but a top-tier one,” Jake joked as Bertram pretended to fight back, making the wounds he took look defensive in nature. “I am curious... seeing as you get resurrected by Jacob, how do you deal with stuff like soul attacks? Aren’t they still a danger?”

“They are annoying, but not overly so,” Bertram responded calmly, even as he was being torn to shreds. “You would be surprised just how sturdy my soul is. Moreover, one shouldn’t underestimate the abilities of an Augur. The system very happily helps Jacob heal any soul injuries I have during the resurrection process. Ah, but traces of how I died can still be found, and any soul injuries tend to leave detectable echoes behind, so whatever damage you do now will leave evidence behind that’s visible immediately following my resurrection.”

Jake subtly nodded along, Bertram looking like a bloody mess by now, with Jake knowing the guy didn’t have long. For a moment, he wanted to try using Primal Gaze to test how sturdy his soul truly was, but he stopped himself. If Bertram was right, and his soul indeed was impressively sturdy, Jake really didn’t need that kind of backlash from his own skill. He was already in for a bad time once back on Earth due to overusing his boosting skills, and he saw no reason to make it worse.

It didn’t take that much longer before Bertram was only a few steps from death. It had taken way longer than Jake had expected it to, making him consider the outcome if Bertram had actually been fighting back. Not in the sense that Jake believed the Guardian stood even the shadow of a chance, but more how bloody long it would have taken with Bertram being a wholly defensive warrior and all. Quite a good defensive warrior at that.

Still, all his tankiness did was make him look even more brutalized as Jake went in for the killing blow. He stabbed Bertram directly through his chest, really driving Eternal Hunger in there as he penetrated the man’s heart before willing the weapon to get draining.

Bertram groaned as his life force was being absorbed; the curse energy really invaded his body.

“Filling my body and soul with curse energy... nice touch,” Bertram said with a light smile as his life rapidly faded away. “Ah... I almost forgot... when you come for us... have help ready... like the hawk... Carmen... swordsman... may be needed...”

Jake was almost annoyed as Bertram slumped over, a notification popping up letting Jake know the guy had died. Jake would have liked him to elaborate on his final words, as Jake couldn’t help but question why he would need help. Adding insult to injury, even the kill notification sucked.

*You have slain [Augur’s Guardian]*

Evidently, some skill was hiding it, or maybe this was just how the kill notification of an Augur’s Guardian worked. Either way, Jake really had to stop dallying around and get the hell off the planet as soon as possible.

While the Celestial Child and his Eclipse had calmed the thunderstorms – primarily by just destroying them all – the planet below Jake was still only getting worse. The earthquakes hadn’t stopped, the entire terrain utterly unrecognizable, and as the rest of the remnants of the atmosphere faded away, Jake could only assume that total collapse was imminent.

To avoid being around for that, Jake took out his special ring for the second time that day and activated it to teleport home. Bertram’s words that Jacob had used the Prima Vessel did make Jake consider if he could go and use that, but he decided not to try, primarily because he had no idea where the Vessel was by now. The best he could assume was that it had fallen into some abyss by now.

As the ring slowly activated, Jake once more let his boosting skill fade away, a massive wave of weakness washing over him. He felt tired throughout his entire body and soul, and more than anything really wanted to take a good nap after getting back to his lodge... but before doing that, he had a few skill upgrades to check out.




***
Chapter 1036: A Warrior's Return


***






Jake was whisked through space as his teleportation ring finally activated. Below him, the planet was nearer to collapse than ever, but Jake didn’t stick around to see its final moments, even if it would have been interesting to do so.

While he wasn’t entirely certain what would happen with a planet that lost its core or had the core destroyed, he knew it, at the very least, meant it was no longer a planet but now just a big floating rock in space. The system’s laws no longer protected it, and its source of new energy was gone, making everything into pure chaos.

A part of Jake did want to know what would happen when a planet was destroyed like that, but he definitely wasn’t going to ask Villy as he felt pretty damn confident the god would respond by kidnapping Jake for a live demonstration.

Anyhow, appearing back in the Prima Vessel on Earth, Jake instantly had several gazes turn to him. One of them was the space mage Neil, who Jake hadn’t seen in a bit, with the other one being William.

Neil looked surprised a Jake’s sudden appearance and looked like he wanted to say something but stopped himself when he saw Jake’s current state, likely deciding now wasn’t a good time. William also just gave Jake a certain look. Jake nodded, and William breathed out a sigh of relief at the confirmation that it was over.

Walking out of the teleportation room, he headed to the teleportation hub to return home to Haven. Jake was utterly spent and just wanted to go and rest in his damn lodge. Just walking around and flying a bit between things was hard. Shit, it was so bad Jake didn’t even bother to activate stealth, as it was only really now that he was truly back in safety as the weakness began to hit him... and it hit him hard.

Still, he walked into the teleportation hub with steady steps. Jake reckoned he looked absolutely ridiculous, the current state of his body not exactly pleasant to look at – Neil’s reaction had all but confirmed that. His armor was mostly destroyed, his body filled with wounds and holes everywhere, and he could honestly easily have been mistaken for a zombie where the makeup artist had gone a bit over the top.

Sadly for everyone else, Jake was too tired to mind any of that as he just kept heading home. After another teleport, Jake was soon back in Haven, where he had to walk all the way from the teleportation hub to his lodge. Flying would have been faster, but by the time Jake got to the forest city, even something so simple as levitating himself felt like a struggle.

So, despite how it looked, Jake walked down the street as the people there parted and gave him plenty of space, probably to avoid getting blood or something else equally nasty on their clothes.

Jake could only begin to imagine their thoughts from them seeing him in such a state, but he really didn’t have the brain power to think about stuff like that. The weakness and weariness just kept increasing the more time passed, Jake barely observing his surroundings but just focused on making it home without taking a nap on the street. And luckily, he soon reached the lodge.

Entering the valley, he went straight into the lodge and didn’t even bother cleaning himself up as he stumbled over to the couch – having enough sense not to want his bed to get dirty – and just fell down onto it as he closed his eyes.

The plan had been to go over his skill upgrades, but that had been postponed till after his nap. As Jake slipped into sleep to recover, his final thought was a small apology to Miranda for making her find some excuse for why Jake walked through the city looking like a homeless zombie.

Miranda had spent a long time considering all the outcomes of Jake’s battle with Ell’Hakan and what would come after. Earth was extremely messy following everything with the Malefic Viper and Yip of Yore had gone down, but she’d managed to control the narrative somewhat by making everyone focus on a common objective: taking back what was lost when the Holy Church and Ell’Hakan attacked before. Plus a little bit extra for good measure, of course.

However, there was still one glaring issue to address: Ell’Hakan. He was the leader of the enemy forces and a one-man army in his own right. Many also still questioned if the Chosen of the Malefic Viper could truly defeat him. The nahoom had done well spreading rumors of his own near-godlike status, with many truly believing it, even on Earth.

Needless to say, a lot had hinged on the confrontation between Jake and Ell’Hakan. Miranda had thought about what would happen if Jake lost, and the result was quite obvious... they would all be completely and utterly fucked. The person they had gathered around would disappear, and their morale would hit rock bottom. Maybe she could still rely on others like the Sword Saint, but Miranda wouldn’t expect the old man to join her in a war without Jake around.

Jake winning, on the other hand, would be a massive boon. His victory would either mean that the Celestial Child was dead or had fled, both of which would result in Ell’Hakan’s faction naturally crumbling. There were still questions about how the Holy Church would react, but in the end, Miranda concluded that no matter what, it would be good for Ell’Hakan to die. Considering that, she also concluded it would be for the best if everyone knew that Jake had gone to fight Ell’Hakan. If he lost, they would be fucked anyway, while if he won, she wanted to advertise it immediately.

And she trusted he would win... and based on what she had just been informed not long ago, he indeed had come out victorious. That left Miranda with her next task: advertising this victory. A way to let everyone know that the Chosen of the Malefic Viper had slain the former Chosen of Yip of Yore. She considered how she would put together the grand announcement instantly to communicate in the most efficient and morale-boosting way.

However... she didn’t even get that far before she was chimed down, and Lillian hurried in. She had with her several recordings and relayed several loud rumors about Lord Thayne. Miranda frowned as she opened the first recording before her eyes opened wide at the sight.

She saw Jake walking through the streets as everyone gave way. Every one of his steps looked heavy as if every footfall was a struggle, which it likely was, considering his state.

Wounds covered him from head to toe. He had dried blood everywhere, not to mention all the burns and cuts, some of them even still seemingly teeming with energy. His face remained hidden beneath the mask that had red streaks all over it, and it honestly seemed surprising he wasn’t already dead...

Yet, despite the aura not being recorded, Miranda could almost feel it just from what she saw. His head was held high as he walked, his bloodshot eyes hidden behind the mask tired but determined as his pace remained steady. He looked a step away from death... yet gave off the aura that should anyone try to finish the job, it would be the last thing they ever tried.

At that moment, Lord Thayne looked like a warrior walking straight out of the battlefield, the sole survivor. One Miranda had already advertised he’d gone to before. All the onlookers knew that he’d come from his battle with Ell’Hakan, and his stride was not that of a loser. The mere fact he returned was proof of that... proof that he was a warrior who had returned a victor.

Miranda couldn’t help but smile as the recording finished, and she saw how no one dared follow him as he entered his private area around the lodge. Miranda had wracked her brain on what kind of theatrics she wanted to put on to announce that Jake had defeated Ell’Hakan, but it seemed as if she had wasted her time because she honestly couldn’t have thought of any better way to announce it than for Jake to confidently walk through the streets, covered in his own blood and the blood of the Celestial Child.

It was nothing less than an absolute declaration of his own victory and the sacrifices he had been willing to make in order to defeat the enemy leader. It showed just how far he had been willing to go for all of them to achieve victory. A display of why he was the World Leader of Earth in the first place and why he was worthy of the title of the strongest in the galaxy.

If you discover this tale on Amazon, be aware that it has been stolen. Please report the violation.

Jake had no idea how long he had slept when he finally woke up. The fact his entire body was sore didn’t help him figure it out either, as he had no idea how long he would feel like shit, but hopefully it wouldn’t be for too long.

Even after opening his eyes, Jake really didn’t want to get off his couch as he just kept lying there. A few more minutes passed before Jake mustered up the courage and used a bit of mana to float over the phone Arnold had installed in his lodge. As he put a hand on it, he instantly knew a message was waiting for him. One from Miranda, just as he had dreaded.

Deciding to just bite the bullet, Jake listened to the message, fearing the scolding he expected to come his way as he heard her voice.

“Good job, and recover well. I’ll make sure no one disturbs you until you reach out first.”

Jake had to do a double-take, not entirely sure he had heard her right. There were no scolding words, no anger, nothing. He was genuinely confused, but hey, why complain about a good thing? She was probably just being nice because she knew he wasn’t in a good condition.

Breathing out a sigh of relief, Jake put the phone back where it belonged, and with newfound energy from not being in immediate trouble with the resident witch, Jake finally got to what he had originally wanted to do before he got too tired:

Looking at skill upgrades.

The first one he started with was naturally the first one that had upgraded during the fight and the one with the longest description by far as Jake opened up and saw the new Pride of the Malefic Viper.

[Pride of the Malefic Viper (Legendary)] – The arrogance and strong will of the Malefic Viper are known throughout the multiverse, and all of existence is made to quake in fear in his presence. Allows the Alchemist to far more easily force their will upon the world. Significantly increases the effect of all Words of Power spoken. By channeling mana, you can make your presence no longer simply a warning but a weapon to target the psyche of your foes directly, and during this time, forcing your will upon the world in any area affected by your presence becomes even easier than before. As your pride has only grown stronger, you have become able to not only bend mana to your will but deny the presence of any other forms of energy within your rightful domain, increasing resistance to all forms of energy-based attacks when you are infusing your presence with mana. The cost and effect of this is dependent on Willpower and the power of what you are weakening. Your pride increases all resistance to any kind of mind-affecting effects, but be warned that it wanes in despair. All effects of the mental attack increase based on the target’s vulnerability, the nature of your mental attack, and the disparity in Willpower between you and your foe. Passively provides 9 WIllpower per level in Heretic-Chosen Alchemist of the Malefic Viper (C-grade variant). May your will be truth, your pride eternal.

So, yeah, a lot longer, for sure. However, the only truly impactful change was one sentence being added:

“As your pride has only grown stronger, you have become able to not only bend mana to your will but deny the presence of any other forms of energy within your rightful domain, increasing resistance to all forms of energy-based attacks when you are infusing your presence with mana. The cost and effect of this is dependent on Willpower and the power of what you are weakening.”

This described the domain-denying effect of Pride Jake had used during the fight pretty accurately, and Jake even felt like there could be more to it. Anyway, besides this effect being added, the other aspects of the skill had also all been slightly improved by the upgrade, part of that due to the increased stats he always got when upgrading one of the Viper’s Legacy skills.

Moving on, as there really wasn’t much surprise with this upgrade, Jake turned his attention to a skill he was far less sure about. He went a bit out of order and looked at his new Timeless Focus of the Apex Hunter that had upgraded quite unexpectedly toward the end of the fight.

Jake only remembered his feelings when it happened and not much else. He just knew that at the time, he felt like he simply needed more time, and he entered a state of hyperfocus where he moved faster, his body allowing him to somewhat keep up with his Perception.

Looking at the old Steady Aim and the new upgrade, Jake was curious about what had changed and what the new skill description said.

[Steady Aim of the Apex Hunter (Ancient)] – When the string is taught and the arrow ready, the Hunter’s focus reaches new realms. To aim and place the perfect shot is what any hunter aims for, and as one who stands at the apex, you refuse for even time to hamper your accuracy. Allows the Hunter to significantly heighten his focus when the bowstring is fully pulled, tapping into the concept of time to slow down his perception of it while simultaneously boosting all effects of Perception significantly. All effects scale with Perception.

-->

[Timeless Focus of the Apex Hunter (Legendary)] – With bow in hand and the arrow ready, the Hunter’s focus reaches new realms. To continuously and rapidly land the perfect shot is what any hunter aims for, and as one who stands at the apex, you refuse for even time to hamper your accuracy or speed. Allows the Hunter to significantly heighten his focus when the bowstring is fully pulled, tapping into the concept of time to slow down his perception of it while simultaneously boosting all effects of Perception significantly. While wielding a bow and having shot at least two arrows in a row without moving, the Hunter can enter a state of Timeless Focus, accelerating the Hunter’s body to rapidly shoot arrows progressively faster. This effect is canceled if the Hunter is forced to move, the shooting pattern changes drastically, or is otherwise distracted, leading to a loss of focus. Cooldown and maximum duration are determined by Perception, and all effects of Timeless Focus of the Apex Hunter scale with Perception.

Steady Aim had been one of those skills Jake just had, used in every single fight, but never really actively thought about. It was just a nice-to-have and allowed him to charge Arcane Powershot faster, improved his aim, and gave him a bit more time to control the flight paths of his arrows as it slowed down his perception of time.

Now, it did more than just that.

Jake still wasn’t sure if he wanted to call this new part of the skill Rapid Fire or Timeless Focus as the skill itself called it, but the effect was effectively akin to using a Rapid Fire skill.

It allowed Jake to shoot regular arrows far faster, and while it definitely had a lot of restrictions, Jake had no complaints. Getting an active component to a passive skill just felt like a pure bonus, and Jake could see this have several uses, though perhaps not in most one-versus-one battles outside of toward the beginning of the fight where he could start with massive distance between himself and his opponent.

Once recovered, Jake definitely had to go testing a bit. Of course, for now, he still had one more skill to look at.

Moment of the Primal Hunter was Jake’s first legendary skill, gained through his Bloodline getting angry at a skill that directly overlapped with what the Bloodline already did. Jake knew some weird system stuff was going on with the creations of the skill, making it end at legendary rarity, but now it had been improved to mythical.

In truth, Jake kind of believed it had deserved to be mythical in the first place, if not even better. While the description said it “slowed down time,” that wasn’t entirely accurate. It was more like Jake separated himself from the concept of time, making himself experience the world as being slower while remaining unaffected. Actually, maybe saying it slowed down time was still accurate considering relativity... though that entire point was kind of moot due to the changed description of the skill now acknowledging Jake separating himself from the concept.

[Moment of the Primal Hunter (Mythical)] – Instincts ascended to directly touch upon the concept of time itself. Through your supernatural instinct for survival, you seize the moment of crisis and turn it into one of opportunity. If a blow would otherwise deal substantial damage to the Hunter, separate yourself from time as the world stills around you. As long as the Hunter doesn’t move, neither shall the world as you seize the moment for a limited duration. Once the Hunter makes any action, the world comes alive as the Hunter progressively allows time to affect him once again, the world remaining slowed down during this process. The Hunter is unaffected by the slowdown and can move uninhibited for the duration. Has an internal cooldown between each activation. Effect and internal cooldown of the skill are based on Perception.

It was definitely a pattern that descriptions of skills just got longer, but this one had quite a few changes throughout. The first of which came in the very first sentence:

“Instincts ascended to directly touch...”

The word “directly” had been added, which seemed like a small thing, but Jake felt like it wasn’t. Moreover, it now said he separated himself from time. Finally, it, of course, included what had happened during the fight with Ell’Hakan, where the fight had fully frozen as Jake stood still.

This effect pretty much allowed Jake time to plan out how he wanted to use the following slowed-down time after he took any actions. Also, it wasn’t like he ever needed to freeze the world entirely if he didn’t want to. He could just use Moment the same as before, and hopefully, its usual effects had also gotten a little better.

He had no real way to know, as Moment of the Primal Hunter came with absolutely no instinctual knowledge, likely due to its unusual origins. So, yeah, Jake would need to also do a few tests with this one once recovered.

He had a lot he needed to do, as he was certain the death of Ell’Hakan had created quite the chaos in the Milky Way Galaxy. Jake also had to address the Holy Church and their actions. He was bound to remain busy for a while. However, for now, he only had one essential task that took precedence over everything else:

Taking another nap.




***
Chapter 1037: The War of the Milky Way Galaxy


***






All attempts to contain the news of Ell’Hakan’s death were an utter failure. Many World Leaders didn’t even try as they were unsure of what exactly they were supposed to do. Now that they had lost their leader, did it even make any sense to try and hide his death? To some, the answer was no, as they instantly began to look into alternatives, as they knew there was no way to survive in the Milky Way if they stood alone.

However, there was a small group that outright denied his death, refusing to believe he could have been killed by Jake, their minds simply not able to think in that direction, more likely than not due to repeated mental manipulation from Ell’Hakan.

These and many other factions who had solidly put all their eggs in the Ell’Hakan basket didn’t see many potential actions they could take. They had positioned themselves as enemies of the Order of the Malefic Viper, and now that it was clear the Chosen of the Viper had been working in the interest of his Patron all this time, what options did they have?

Suddenly deciding that, actually, maybe the Order wasn’t so bad after all, would ruin all credibility they had. These World Leaders had spent months, if not years, spreading propaganda about the evils of the Order and the Earth faction, with the general civilian believing that losing to the Order would mean being forcibly sacrificed in some mad ritual or forced into slavery if they got lucky.

Many of these leaders instantly sought toward the Holy Church, trying to find an ally in them as they had been allied only a few hours prior. Especially seeing as the Church had even spread its presence to many of these planets, infiltrating the leadership structure.

However, from one moment to the next, there was a mass exodus of officials and members of the Church as they abandoned many of the planets they had recently been part of effectively taking over. They left nothing behind as the Church began to congregate on a lower number of planets, taking a very defensive position while trying to distance themselves as much as possible from Earth and all the factions who had been fully allied with Ell’Hakan.

The split was, needless to say, less than pretty. Ell’Hakan and the Holy Church had worked closely together, often even acting as one, so for one part of these whole to die while the other jumped ship... yeah, trying to hide that Ell’Hakan’s faction was completely and utterly fucked was an impossible task.

Oh yeah... and the fact that Ell’Hakan’s planet had now turned black on the Planetary Map provided for the system event only hammered home his absolute defeat as even his planet had been wiped off the map.

This fact definitely didn’t help the panic that was spreading throughout Ell’Hakan’s former faction. Despite it not being his intent, Jake had sown an all-knew fear in the World Leaders across the galaxy.

Because now, losing could mean not just lives lost but the entire planet reduced to nothing. The Chosen of the Malefic Viper had shown not only the capabilities but the willingness to destroy an entire planet to defeat his enemy, and who was to say he wouldn’t do so again?

Nobody wanted to find out.

Ultimately, this all resulted in three different camps emerging from what had once been Ell’Hakan’s faction.

First was those who now desperately tried to change sides by reaching out to Earth, fully surrendering while looking for a path of survival. These World Leaders tended to be those who were still of relatively sound mind and had only ever sided with Ell’Hakan because they sided with who they thought would win. Needless to say, they had been very wrong with their assessments and now experienced much internal conflict as all they really cared about was not putting themselves on a collision course with the inevitable winners of the galactic war.

Secondly were the forces who now attempted to take a neutral stance, even denying they had ever been close with Ell’Hakan in the first place. Some of these were even quick to try and affiliate themselves with other major multiversal factions, such as the Court of Shadows, Altmar Empire, United Tribes, or any faction even halfway willing to take them, really. They did this to some effect, but the multiversal factions were hesitant to make a move while at the same time incredibly interested as having an “in” through the Milky Way Galaxy could prove most useful.

Planets of this second camp were usually ruled by World Leaders who had very much tried to take a wait-and-see approach but had ended up loosely siding with Ell’Hakan around the time when it looked pretty damn evident he would be the winning side. At that time, they didn’t really have much choice either, as Ell’Hakan’s faction put pressure on them to pick a side, as without a massive multiversal faction to back them, neutrality was not an option.

The second group also included those who had managed to never really pick a faction to back in the first place. These were mainly planets who had done the system event themselves without ever getting assistance and had tried to avoid unnecessary contact with other factions throughout the event. The primary reason these planets were also categorized into this camp was for simplicity, considering what would come next.

Third and finally were those who were just in too deep. These were the World Leaders and factions who had fully bought into Ell’Hakan’s story and joined him as much as one possibly could. Even if they weren’t delusion to the level of insanity, many of these World Leaders still refused to back down and wanted to stay fighting. Perhaps they even still believed victory was possible under the leadership of King Iludar who had been Ell’Hakans right-hand man during much of the system event.

This third group ended up being the smallest camp, as most World Leaders had read the writing on the wall. Few wanted to fight till the bitter end when they could already taste the bitterness at the tip of their tongues. Still, some would fight, and truthfully, had anyone ever expected this conflict between Ell’Hakan and Jake Thayne to not leave the galaxy with its fair share of scars?

Miranda and the World Council on Earth quickly took action after Ell’Hakan’s death as they went on the offensive, trying to wipe out the remaining loyalists of the Usurper. It did not take long for many of the factions in the first camp to present themselves, offering to fight their former allies to prove their loyalty to Lord Thayne and Earth.

An offer Miranda gladly accepted as she allowed the former comrades to battle it out, limiting any losses those who had remained on Earth’s side from the beginning would have suffered. Not too much, though.

She purposefully made sure the original forces of Earth and their closest allies handled the most important planets, in part to ensure the job was done properly and in part because war was a good opportunity for growth. In what could only be called a clear display of her having embraced multiversal logic, she accepted that war could be a boon and help push people to grow, even if such wars also came with losses.

Then again, despite calling it a war, to many, this was closer to just cleaning the galaxy up. Destroying an already fractured faction wasn’t difficult, especially not when many who were formerly on the other side were quite frankly scared shitless.

Stolen from its rightful author, this tale is not meant to be on Amazon; report any sightings.

Still, Miranda was aware the conflict wouldn’t end fast, and she honestly did want to drag it out a bit to better access many of their new potential allies. Additionally, she wanted to do things properly while limiting the losses amongst the civilian populations of enemy planets, and the longer they dragged things out, the more time the regular person had to become disillusioned with their current leaders.

While dealing with these other factions, she and others on the World Council also gave themselves time trying to find an answer to a very important question:

What would come next?

With Jake the winner in the battle of Chosen and Earth’s faction set to take over the galaxy, how exactly would this takeover work in the long term? Not that she was complaining, as there were many questions and even more profession levels to be gained for Miranda as they tried to make a halfway stable leadership structure for not just a singular planet but an entire galaxy.

Right now, they were united through conflict, but once that conflict ended, the playing field would change drastically and become far more purely political in nature. There were a lot of actors to keep satisfied, and she and all the other leaders had a daunting task ahead of them.

There was also one more thing she couldn’t quite figure out on her own, but that she would need Jake for. Because while she had a good idea of how to handle most factions, there was one she felt very unsure about. Sure, they had retreated and seemed to have no interest in fighting, but the one legitimate threat to Earth’s complete takeover of the galaxy was still the Holy Church, which continued to rule nearly a hundred fully loyal planets.

Miranda had her own thoughts on how to approach them... but she had the distinct feeling getting rid of them wouldn’t be easy if they decided they had to go. And knowing Jake... they had to go.

Jacob had activated the Prima Vessel on Ell’Hakan’s crumbling planet and quickly been whisked through space toward the main planet the Holy Church operated out of in the Milky Way Galaxy. It was one of the planets the Church had claimed shortly after the Tutorial had ended, and one Jacob had been on many times before whenever he was in the ninety-third universe and not on Earth.

Appearing within the Prima Vessel there, several people were awaiting his return. Five humans, all wearing white robes, looked at him expectedly as he appeared, not even trying to hide their worry. Not worry about Jacob, though, but of the one he carried with him in the lantern.

“Augur, I’m pleased to see you returned safely,” the head priest said with a serious look as he motioned for Jacob to follow him out of the Vessel. “Seeing as you returned alone... I take it the Bloodline Patriarch met an unfortunate end?”

“No, the Bloodline Patriarch won,” Jacob said, purposefully being obtuse as the head priest looked confused for a moment. “Ell’Hakan was slain by him.”

The head priest was quick enough to understand and didn’t let his annoyance show at all. “Did you manage to succeed in saving him?”

“What was left,” Jacob sighed as he summoned the lantern and revealed the soul within.

It didn’t take more than a few seconds for the priest to notice the state of the soul before he frowned. “It’s... not ideal. What happened?”

“He overdrew on his very existence using his Bloodline,” Jacob shook his head. “I saved whatever was left, even if it wasn’t a lot.”

“I understand,” the head priest sighed. “The most important part is that the possibility still lives.”

Jacob nodded as he looked down at the lantern and the soul of the Usurper within. The entire thing was so fragmented and damaged that even with all the nurturing he as an Augur could do, he didn’t have much hope.

The goal was to resurrect him, yes, but what would there even be left to resurrect? With this level of soul damage, his memories were bound to be either entirely gone or, at the very least, scrambled beyond oblivion. Jacob also felt utterly certain that no matter what the Holy Church did to bring Ell’Hakan back, his Path was done.

Whatever level he would be revived at would be the end of the road for him. Jacob even estimated his lifespan would be extremely limited... all in all, they would only resurrect a husk compared to what Ell’hakan had once been. A living creature that had no other purpose than to propagate his Bloodline, as even if everything else got broken, the Bloodline was one with the Truesoul, meaning that as long as the Truesoul didn’t return and get recycled by the system, it would have the full Bloodline.

One of the biggest concerns the Holy Church had during this entire thing was related to the Bloodline Accords. They were very much toeing the line with Ell’Hakan but were barely on the right side of the rules as Ell’Hakan had consented and agreed to everything already. In fact, the only reason why Jacob could save his soul using his lantern was due to Ell’Hakan’s prior consent, as he could only save the souls of those who had already given him permission to do so.

During the Usurper Ritual, they had baked in a failsafe where Ell’Hakan’s soul would also be marked according to a contract they had established beforehand. All the contract did was give pre-approved consent for Jacob or any other member of the Holy Church to save his soul if possible, with the goal of having Ell’Hakan carry out his promise of giving his Bloodline to the Holy Church. Even if he was unable to consent during the time he had to be saved, the contract remained in effect, allowing Jacob to do what he did. The way the contract and all that was complicated and something the gods had been directly involved in, and honestly...

Jacob didn’t like this entire scenario. He didn’t like it at all. Everything felt wrong, but he couldn’t show it outwardly, as that would only get him sidelined again. He could complain, be sarcastic, disapproving, but he still had to act accordingly, which he had.

Of course, they still doubted him... but that’s what Bertram was currently working on bettering.

“Do you know what happened to the Chosen of the Malefic Viper? What was his reaction to your presence, assuming he detected you?” the head priest asked after a bit.

“He is a hunter specializing in Perception, I don’t think there’s any C-grade that could have remained undetected,” Jacob shook his head. “As for his reaction... well, it was less than stellar, to say the least. In his mind, we stole his prey away, and I had to use my Guardian to escape before he attacked me.”

The head priest frowned before he spoke words that clearly showed how little he understood Jake.

“That’s problematic. Perhaps in the heat following the battle, he failed to properly assess the situation. He had already won the fight, the Records from the kill his, and he loses nothing from us obtaining the remnants of the Usurper’s soul. We will have to properly compensate him and try to reach an agreeable compromise, as I’m sure he understands that a conflict helps no one.”

Jacob wanted to call the guy an idiot but held himself back, as he believed a demonstration would be better. Of course, he had to wait for said demonstration to arrive, or more accurately, for him to be able to revive.

The party of priests and Augur headed toward a large dome-shaped building where a magic circle had been prepared. It was created to amplify the effects of Jacob’s lantern, and seeing as he couldn’t allow the lantern to leave his person, Jacob planned on spending the coming period there.

On the way, they discussed several more matters, with the head priest keeping Jacob up-to-date on the retreat of the Holy Church believers across the galaxy. Jacob avoided commenting once more, as all he could hope was that the galactic conflict would end in a fashion that limited harm to the average person, though he knew some suffering was unavoidable in war.

Right as they arrived at the large building Jacob would live in for the foreseeable future, he felt it.

“My Guardian has been slain...” Jacob muttered as he didn’t hesitate.

In front of the head priest and other priests who were with him, Jacob used a long cooldown skill to immediately bring back his Guardian. An outline of light formed as Bertram was quickly revived, but the moment he was, the large man fell down on one knee, breathing heavily.

A stench of death and the unmistakable aura of a curse lingered in his body and soul, making the head priest frown.

“What happened?” Jacob asked, feigning concern. He had told the head priest and others that Bertram had tried to talk to Jake rather than fight him, but now it looked rather evident most of the talking had been done through violence.

“He is not happy,” Bertram said as he quickly stabilized himself, the lingering effects of his death quickly dispersing. “We need to be ready...”

“I see,” Jacob sighed, the head priest also looking concerned for a moment as he regarded the Augur.

“If he does come... we still have that, right? Is it still useable?” the head priest asked.

“It is,” Jacob confirmed. “Though I hope we won’t have to go to such drastic measures...”

“Hopefully not,” the head priest nodded as he looked in thought. “I’ll try to negotiate and placate the Chosen of the Malefic Viper to avoid dragging out this unnecessary conflict.”

“You do that,” Jacob just said as he entered the dome-shaped building... fully aware he wasn’t going to spend that long in there as there was no way Jake wouldn’t come for them.




***
Chapter 1038: Doing A Bit of Catch-Up


***






Jake stretched as he felt his mobility back to normal, and his body pretty much fully healed. Sleeping truly was one of the most overpowered hidden skills in the multiverse, speeding up healing so damn much it was almost unfair for those who didn’t have the ability to sleep. Well, alright, based on what Jake had learned by talking to Dina during Nevermore, everyone could still technically learn to sleep, but it was incredibly difficult to the level of being nearly impossible.

Anyhow, moving on, with Jake up and fit for a fight, he instantly considered his next move. Jake was not known as the type to plan ahead, and in truth, he didn’t have any plans for what would happen after Ell’Hakan was slain. He reckoned they would move on to securing the rest of the universe, but nothing had been pre-planned on his end.

However, the Holy Church quickly helped him find a new objective by having Jacob take away Ell’Hakan’s soul before running. Instantly, he knew what his next task was, though this one was a bit more complicated than dealing with Ell’Hakan, and he would need to consider his next move to make sure he wasn’t causing people around him trouble by acting recklessly.

One thing was for certain, though... there was no fucking way Jake would ever allow them to revive that nahoom bastard. Something the Holy Church seemed not to understand.

From a logical perspective, Bertram had been right in that Jake didn’t have any reason to want the Truesoul of the nahoom. Jake had, for all intents and purposes, killed Ell’Hakan already. He’d gained all the Records and experience from the kill. The war against the former Chosen was over, Jake the unquestioned victor. He had no need for the Truesoul and shouldn’t care if it was returned to the system or intercepted by the Holy Church.

But he did care.

Not because he was afraid Ell’Hakan would be revived and seek revenge. Whatever was revived wouldn’t be the same person Jake had killed, not after his soul had fractured like that, and he would be too weak for Jake to even consider him an opponent. Besides, the Church would certainly do all it could to keep him away from Jake for the rest of his life – however short it ended up being.

No, the reason why Jake wanted Ell’Hakan dead and gone for good was because he despised his Bloodline on a fundamental level. Jake was a simple man. He knew he was. Nothing was better than when things were straightforward and easy for everyone to understand. Schemes, mental manipulation, political maneuvering... he hated all of it. The only times he would ever engage in that kind of thing was when forced to do so or as a favor for someone he cared about.

Ell’Hakan was like the antithesis of Jake’s Path. He was all about lies and delusions and a world molded through manipulation. His Bloodline took away the free will of others by warping their emotions, making it in many ways worse than straight-up enslaving someone. At least slaves knew they were slaves, but through Ell’Hakan’s Bloodline, they weren’t even afforded that right.

While it was possible the system would one day recycle the Bloodline and hand it out through a system event like it had done with the one Villy had obtained from the First Sage, that day would be far in the future if it ever even happened. Something he definitely hoped it wouldn’t.

Jake also felt strongly that the reason Jacob wanted Jake to act against the Church’s interest in this matter was because he also saw the dangers of the Bloodline. Saw how damaging and wrong it was. The Bloodline was fundamentally different from how the Holy Church usually operated, as while blind faith and belief were something the Church strived for, they knew actual benefits were the true way to recruit and maintain people.

That’s why they offered tangible benefits like the presence of the Holyland, safety, nurturing, hope for a better future for descendants, and an overall very functional civilization for people to be part of. Geniuses who were nurtured by the Church could safely leave their families behind, knowing that they would live peaceful lives that made even the relative peace of most places on Earth before the system seem filled with conflict.

As Jake had said before, then he totally understood why the average person would want to be part of the Holy Church. In fact, if his parents were part of the Church, Jake would have felt perfectly safe around it, assuming they were moved to live far away from the frontlines. Safety truly was the biggest thing the Church offered for sure...

But with Ell’Hakan’s Bloodline, they wouldn’t even need to offer anything. Jake knew that the Church did have some insane zealots who were simply blinded by faith, but with Ell’Hakan’s Bloodline, they could take things far further. He didn’t even want to imagine how they could use the Bloodline to recruit people if they got their hands on it. There was a risk the Bloodline would weaken or mutate to not be as useful, but Jake wasn’t going to risk anything.

He was sure the Church had many plans on how to use it, even ones Jake hadn’t considered in the slightest, which only made him more determined to nip it in the bud while he still could.

Also... while Jake went over a lot of reasons why he wanted the Bloodline gone, he ultimately didn’t have to justify himself at all. Ell’Hakan had been his kill, and anything from that kill rightfully belonged to him. It didn’t matter that he had no way to trap a Truesoul; it was still his loot, and the Church couldn’t simply swoop in and take it because Jake couldn’t.

Having gathered his thoughts, Jake considered what to do next, but it didn’t take him long to decide. While talking to Miranda was certainly important, he had someone else he wanted to catch up with more than her. Someone he really wanted an update from regarding all the recent happenings and to, of course, also brag a bit about his own victory.

With the universe still mostly locked down, Jake had to go down to his lab and set up a simple ritual to reach out across the void to his dear Patron. The two hadn’t talked for a good while and had a lot to go over, with Jake really wanting to hear how things were going in the rest of the multiverse. He especially wanted to know how he planned on dealing with Jake’s live roasting session that had been broadcast across most of existence. Jake really didn’t want to return to the Order as a pariah who everyone thought was at least halfway a heretic for what he’d said.

Setting up the ritual, Jake quickly reached out. From the looks of it, the snake god had been waiting as Jake instantly got a response.

“Well, well, well, here we are. Killers of Legends, the two of us. How does it feel to have killed your first Chosen of a pinnacle god? Though I guess he was technically the Usurper of one toward the end... but hey, it still counts!” Villy said in his usual jovial and relaxed tone.

“It feels quite nice,” Jake responded with a smile. “How do you feel, killing your first pinnacle god after so long doing fuck-all killing?”

“Oh, it never gets old. Yip was quite a tasty meal if I have to say so myself,” the Viper said, satisfied. “Speaking of which, I have a little something for you when you come back to the Order after everything is over in your little galaxy and the system event concludes.”

“Oh?” Jake asked, curious. “What is it?”

If you come across this story on Amazon, it's taken without permission from the author. Report it.

“A home-cooked snack I made from what was once Yip of Yore. Ah, Jake, what I’m about to tell you is very fucking confidential, so take it to your grave, alright?” the Viper said. Jake quickly sent a confirmation that his mouth was wired shut, making the snake god continue.

“My primary reason for wanting to kill Yip of Yore in the first place was to absorb his Records to make up for some of the momentum I lost during my isolation. The Transcendence I used on him allowed me to effectively use him as an alchemy ingredient, and... and you already know all this how?” Villy stopped himself, some-fucking-how detecting Jake knew.

With the Viper not hiding anything, Jake also didn’t. “Yip of Yore told me through Ell’Hakan when I killed him. Well, rather than telling me, it was more like a warning.”

“He was a crafty bastard, sneaking out a message like that through his own Records... impressive indeed,” the Viper said with some genuine admiration. “Anyhow, when I turned Yip into a snack, I made sure to keep a little piece for you to eat, but you’ll definitely need to do so while under my direct supervision as it isn’t fit for consumption by C-grades. Or any mortals, really.”

“Looking forward to it,” Jake nodded with a smile.

He couldn’t help but find Yip of Yore’s warning about the Viper funny. The god had spoken as if he’d just revealed some grand secret – which he technically had – that would undoubtedly create a massive rift between Jake and the Viper. A seed of suspicion in Jake, making him question if his Patron truly was on his side or just preparing him for consumption.

Now that all seemed to dumb, as the Viper just came out and outright spilled the big secret. Then again... it couldn’t hurt to ask. You know, just to make sure.

“Yo, Villy, just to make sure, you aren’t actually just fattening me up to eat me once I become big and plump enough, right?”

“Do you want the real answer or a joking one?” the Viper instantly responded, having likely expected this kind of question from Jake.

“Up to you,” he just shrugged.

“How unfun... which is exactly why that’s exactly what I’m planning! Soon, you shall be ripe for consumption, and I shall devour you in body and soul!” the Viper joked. At least, Jake hoped he was joking...

“But in all seriousness, no, you’re quite frankly not fit for my palate. Your Records don’t match mine at all and are even opposing mine in many places, making you an incredibly inefficient snack. Oh yeah, and then there is the fact you have a Bloodline, which just makes things even more complicated as I can’t eat a Bloodline, meaning I’ll have to filter away all aspects of your Bloodline before I have an edible product. Seeing as how your Bloodline is closely tied with nearly everything you do, I hope by now you understand why trying to eat you would be a waste of time. The cooking process would remove all the best nutrients and just take way too long,” Villy actually explained why he wasn’t going to eat Jake.

“Besides, seeing as you’re giving me plenty of benefits without being eaten, why slaughter my golden goose? It wouldn’t make any sense. Ah, but changing the topic a little, I do have one complaint about something you recently handed me. What exactly do you expect me to use a crumbling Planetary Pylon for?”

“Oh yeah, that,” Jake nodded. “Just wanted it out of there, you know?”

“So you effectively used me to dump garbage... got it,” the Viper said. “I will admit I was surprised when I first saw the skill in use. For you to get a Divine Bargain skill is quite something.”

“Hopefully, it was a happy surprise. I am a bit miffed that you talk as if Divine Bargains are something you already know about, though,” Jake muttered in the last part.

“Divine Bargains are a thing, though this is my first seeing it between someone blessed and their Patron. The only other time I’ve seen mortals with a Divine Bargain skill is high-grade merchants – usually always S-grades - who can create Divine Bargains with gods. Their version does seem a bit different than yours, but I reckon many of the principles are similar,” Villy explained. “One thing that is different is that I had little input on what to offer you in return. I had some, but the best I could give you, according to the rules of the skill, seemed to be the default reward this time around. That fragment thing.”

That was when Jake was reminded of the reward he got during the fight with the Celestial Child, and without further delay, Jake pulled out the item. What appeared was a small fang-shaped stone-like object that pulsed with energy, yet as Jake used Identify, he found himself disappointed.

[Malefic Bargaining Fragment (Ancient)] – An item obtained from a successful Divine Bargain with your Patron. Contains Records and energy related to the Malefic Viper. Has many alchemical uses.

“How come the reward is so shit? I bargained with what was effectively a damn planet, and all I got was an ancient rarity fragment? What the hell would I need to offer to get something better?” Jake asked the Viper with some genuine confusion.

“Something that doesn’t suck? Honestly, it’s surprising you even got an ancient rarity item. Must be because the Pylon had belonged to the Usurper of Yip and not because of the item itself,” the snake god said.

“... how is a goddamn Planetary Pylon not considered a valuable thing to bargain with?” Jake asked with exasperation.

“Better ask yourself why you think it would be,” Villy shot back. “You gave me a Pylon that instantly started crumbling and breaking apart the second you separated it from its planet. One that didn’t even belong to you, and by the time Ell’Hakan was dead, the entire Pylon was already crumbled to dust... not that it wouldn’t have crumbled either way. Also, why would I ever need a Planetary Pylon in the first place? I could go fetch a few right now if I so wanted. Planets are dime-a-dozen, and their Pylons aren’t valuable to a god. Remember, Jake, you are bargaining with me, so whatever you offer in the bargain needs to be valuable, not from your perspective as a mortal, but from my point of view as a god.”

Jake took a moment before muttering: “That... actually makes sense. Huh. So, what do you reckon would be considered good items for bargaining?”

“Unique things. Things I can’t easily obtain myself. I’m also not even sure what you offer necessarily needs to be tangible objects, but as I am not the one with the skill, I’ll leave you to figure things out on your end,” Villy said, moving the conversation along.

“I’ll definitely experiment a bit,” Jake nodded. “Say, after everything that happened... how are things after Yip’s death? Any update on the situation?”

“As you would probably expect, I’ve had quite a lot to do. The goals of this entire scenario were multi-faceted and allowed me to weed out quite a few of the gods who weren’t truly loyal. It’s hard to assure the Hidden Ones all remained loyal with so much time passing and that they weren’t just waiting for an opportunity to go somewhere they hoped would be better. So, giving them the chance to join Yip of Yore, who seemingly had the upper hand, was a great opportunity to do a bit of spring cleaning,” the Viper answered.

“The reactions are also as expected, with the support flooding in from other factions who were hesitant before. Of course, most of the biggest ones never seemed to believe I would lose in the first place; not much changing on their end. Still, this was a good way to at least assure them that the Order is still a faction no one can take lightly.”

“Sounds like things are going well,” Jake smiled. “But... how about the reaction to our little play?”

“Oh, you mean to when my own Chosen teamed up with Yip of Yore and started shitting all over me, painting me as the biggest villain of the multiverse? That play?” Villy asked teasingly.

“The reaction is, more than anything, confusion. Confusion that I reckon will only increase once word of you killing Ell’Hakan spreads. It has been clarified that it was all part of my scheme and that you remain my Chosen, but no one understands how you did as you did. Many rumors are even circulating that it may be related to your Bloodline, seeing as it deals with presences.”

Villy was clearly enjoying himself explaining all this as Jake quite frankly felt a bit nervous. “I’m more worried about the reaction when I return. What kind of story can we even tell to convince them?”

“Convince them? Fuck that. Say nothing and let them wonder. It’s already known that everything you did and said was part of my plan. How we pulled it off is none of their concern, and rather than try to make up some explanation for them to poke holes in, let them reach their own flawed conclusions. We don’t owe anyone any explanation to anyone,” Villy said dismissively.

“But now it’s your turn. How did your battle with the Usurper go?”

“I won?” Jake simply said. “Though I will say the fight got a bit more complicated than I expected... especially toward the end. Oh, and what came after the fight didn’t exactly simplify things either.”

Jake began to go over the fight and how everything had gone down as he worked toward the ending, knowing that soon, the two of them would have a talk about how to handle the Holy Church.




***
Chapter 1039: A Hearty Conversation


***






Villy was very interested in Jake’s fight with Ell’Hakan, far more than Jake had thought he would be, considering it was just a battle between C-grades. Alright, to be fair, the god was clearly just being polite while listening to Jake’s tale... right up until Jake mentioned Ell’Hakan going full delulu Celestial Child mode.

After that, the Viper began to show genuine interest as Jake went over everything. Toward the end, the god was incredibly engaged, and he seemed more interested in discussing Ell’Hakan than the fact that Ell’Hakan’s Truesoul had been robbed away by an Augur.

“I’m gonna admit that he surprised me, which just shows that one should never underestimate a powerful Bloodline. Doing what he did to hang onto life isn’t something I expect you to see again any time soon, if ever. His expert use of faith energy to maintain his own body was also extraordinary, if ultimately fatal. As you said, he was already dead the moment he fully began to believe he was the Celestial Child,” the Viper said, having decided to give his interpretation of what Ell’Hakan had done.

“I’ve told you before, but belief and will are far more powerful than you can imagine. He truly believed he was this Celestial Child, and the system rewarded his belief. Ell’Hakan genuinely believed he had that kind of power, and up to a limit, he was granted it, only limited by the stats of his mortal soul. However, what I find the most impressive is that he was apparently so delusional in his belief that he couldn’t and wouldn’t die that even the system seemed to believe it. Of course, no amount of belief and delusion can truly alter reality on a fundamental level, and when you shattered his Soulshape for good, that was it, no matter how much he believed something like that wouldn’t kill him.”

“I didn’t expect you to praise him so much,” Jake said after a brief pause. “Almost makes me jealous.”

“Eh, don’t be. You did ultimately prove yourself the better Chosen by killing him, and let’s not act like your Bloodline isn’t at least twice as ridiculous as his. What was it you said it allowed you to do? Upgrade a skill to literally pause time from your perspective until you move to restart it? Yeah, that alone makes me question how the system fucked up allowing someone like you to pass through quality control,” the snake god said semi-jokingly.

“All I’m saying is that you had a good opponent. Someone worth actually fighting. Hearing you talk about the battle and what Ell’Hakan was capable of, I can’t help but consider what he could have been if Yip of Yore hadn’t snatched him up, but if the Dao Sect had instead gotten him to join them. His ability to emotionally manipulate himself would have been extraordinary there, and with proper teaching and guidance, the unsettling elements of his Bloodline could have quickly been suppressed and perhaps even turned into a positive. He would also be one of their celibate monks, of course, as I do agree that spreading such a Bloodline seems like a bad idea... which gets us to the finale of your little fight.”

“The Holy Church,” Jake nodded, them having finally reached perhaps the most important topic they would have to discuss.

“Right... what are you planning on doing about it?” the snake god asked.

“I was kind of hoping you had some input,” Jake said bluntly.

“Why would I?” Villy said, Jake easily imagining him shrugging on the other side of the telepathic connection. “Last time I checked, you were the one slighted in this matter, not me. You were also robbed by a bunch of C-grades, making it very much a mortal matter. I see no reason to get involved with something like that... and neither would I expect anyone else who should stay out of C-grade affairs to.”

Jake quickly understood what Villy was getting at. He wasn’t going to take part in this, and neither would anyone else higher up in the Holy Church. As he said, this was a C-grade matter. His words also held the implication that should the Church decide to get involved with people who shouldn’t, the Viper would respond in kind.

Still, Jake did hold some worries.

“I’m pretty certain that the ones who want Ell’Hakan’s Bloodline are very high up in the hierarchy. Powerful gods. I guess what I’m worried about is pissing them off too much, creating future trouble for myself. Bertram compared it to how the Endless Empire would react if someone killed me, cutting off their Path to creating new True Royals, and when I think about it like that, I could see them carry a grudge that could become very annoying down the line,” Jake explained his thoughts.

“I don’t think you can compare anything to the pure fanaticism displayed by the Endless Empire when it comes to their True Royals. Do I think the Holy Church will be pissed off? Yes. Do I think it will create some conflict down the line if you do what I think you plan on doing? Also yes. Do I think that’s a bad thing? No, no, not really. What are you afraid of? Even if someone killed you, the Endless Empire wouldn’t make a god descend for revenge. No, they would send C-grades, assuming a C-grade killed you. Responding with appropriate force is such a norm that even they would follow it, much less the Holy Church,” the Viper explained.

“Could still prove very annoying...” Jake muttered. Even if only C-grades would be coming for him, the Holy Church’s methods weren’t generally known to be the straightforward kind, and Jake would really love to avoid dealing with a bunch of schemes to try and get revenge on him.

“You worry too much. Do also remember it’s just one internal faction of the Church you’re pissing off, and by doing so, you may even make another one like you. I would also add that with you being who you are, you are bound to get into conflict with big factions at some point, and let’s not act like you are currently buddy-buddy with the Church. So, as I said, just do what you want to do, and if the Holy Church wants to make an inappropriately disproportionate response, I’ll gladly step in. But if not... let the C-grades play,” the Malefic Viper assured Jake.

“Alright,” Jake finally nodded, feeling somewhat assured by the Viper’s words.

“Look, if it’s any reassurance, then no one from the Holy Church has contacted me about Ell’Hakan’s Bloodline. If they truly viewed his Bloodline as something equally important to how the Endless Empire views yours, then the Holy Mother herself would have come by for a visit. The fact that she nor anyone else has even tried should let you know that they truly don’t care that much,” Villy said, calming Jake further.

Jake sighed as he looked toward the ceiling of his lab, considering what to do next as he resolved himself. “I guess that’s just how things are.”

“Sometimes, it indeed just is what it is. I would bet on the Holy Church reaching out relatively soon to that witch of yours with talks about compensation, so that will be fun. Who knows, maybe they’ll even offer something so good that you decide to forgive and forget?” Villy said jokingly, seemingly looking forward to Jake’s continued chaotic future.

With the topic of the Holy Church handled, the two of them proceeded to shoot the shit for a while, just discussing everything they had been up to as Jake learned a lot more about what had been happening in the rest of the multiverse while Jake was busy killing the Usurper and recuperating afterward.

The fallout from Yip of Yore’s death had yet to settle, seeing as it had only been a couple of days ago the god had died, meaning things remained very much chaotic. Villy naturally took advantage of this chaos as much as he could, expanding the Order of the Malefic once more, this time with newfound vigor.

Having killed quite a few gods following the death of Yip of Yore, Villy had also sown chaos in many places in the multiverse by creating power vacuums, as these gods tended to rule their own small turfs. Factions spanning many galaxies had suddenly lost their Patron god and were spiraling, with the Order not making it better by swooping in and laying claim to the domain of the fallen god.

Things were still in their early stages, but the Viper was pleased with the developments so far. It would take many years before the Order could truly settle down in all its newly conquered locations, but contrary to last time, their foundation was far more powerful this time around.

All doubt surrounding the Malefic Viper disappeared the moment he killed Yip of Yore, seemingly without breaking a sweat. The very correct rumor that the Viper had planned the confrontation between himself and Yip from the very start also began to propagate, only making more people afraid of the notorious Malefic Viper and all the more determined to not make him an enemy.

Of course, some questions still remained. One big enigma in everything that had gone down was Eversmile. He had seemingly not been involved in much toward the end, only advising and helping Yip of Yore here and there, only to instantly disappear afterward.

Many questioned if he had truly backed Yip or if he had also worked for the Viper. It quickly became clear that at least Valhal had kind of played both sides, effectively just working as officiators of the fight, but Eversmile had been far more involved early on, having even stepped in to help Yip of Yore during the Chosen Ceremony.

Jake was also curious about exactly what Eversmile was up to, but Villy kept the details confidential, refusing to share anything juicy. All Jake did become certain of was that Eversmile definitely had some personal interest in the matter, likely doing some weird karmic experiment or something. That, or he just thought it was a fun scenario to observe as it unfolded.

Either way, as the two of them kept talking, they soon ran out of any recent happening to discuss, which was when Villy remembered something.

“I totally forgot to ask, but what did you get for killing Ell’Hakan? Seeing as he was a former Chosen turned Usurper and the unique state he forced his body and soul into during his final moments, some real whacky stuff had to have been going on with his Records, which should lead to an interesting reward,” Villy asked curiously.

“I did get something pretty interesting,” Jake said as he didn’t hesitate to pull out the Celestial Heart that had formed from Ell’Hakan’s Records upon death. As a reminder, once someone died, a certain amount of their Records tended to gather in a specific part of their body, infusing it with energy and turning it into an actual item. This was where all the drops from beasts came from, and the enlightened were no different.

After describing the heart as Villy couldn’t see it due to them only speaking over a telepathic connection, the god became more and more interested, especially because the description had redacted portions and even said it had remnants of Ell’Hakan’s Bloodline. A phrasing Jake did want a clarification on.

“What exactly does it mean when the system says it contains remnants of Ell’Hakan’s Bloodline? Does it mean that the Truesoul that the Holy Church has is missing a part or something? That shouldn’t be a thing, right?” Jake asked.

“It’s not a thing, no. The Truesoul and Bloodline are one. You cannot scrape off a part of it like that. No, I reckon the Records in this Celestial Heart are more akin to those that would come when someone with a Bloodline gets a child. Based on what you said, the Celestial Child believed until the very end he was a Reincarnation, and this may be a reflection of that. The heart is also connected to Bloodlines quite deeply, making this a very unique and interesting item you’ve received,” the Viper spoke rather enthusiastically.

“Wait... if the Records are a bit like that of a child, does that mean this item could be used to revive the Bloodline even if I got rid of his Truesoul?” Jake asked, once more considering if he should just destroy the heart then and there.

“No, that’s not how Bloodlines work at all. What I suspect you have is instead an item that has a Bloodline-level ability. One that can do something related to an aspect of Ell’Hakan’s Bloodline. But, truth be told, I can’t say much with certainty without inspecting the Celestial Heart closely in person,” Villy said.

Jake nodded along as he kept staring at the item in question.

“Oh, by the way, you asked earlier what kind of stuff would be good to put on the table in a Divine Bargain... well, that Celestial Heart is definitely one such item, and truth be told, I wouldn’t complain if you decided to offer that up,” the Malefic Viper said.

“So sorry, the skill is on cooldown,” Jake quickly said. “Not that I would give it to you just like that anyway. Not before I know what it does. A description with that many [Redacted] in it is simply too juicy to give away before I figure it out myself.”

“Just don’t eat it or try to experiment with it, okay?” the Viper said, turning serious. “Keep it locked away until you’re back in the Order, and we’ll look at it together. While the probability is low, the mere fact it’s so closely tied to a Bloodline makes it possible the Celestial Heart is harmful in some way. Also, I do want to, at the very least, see it myself before you accidentally fuck it up somehow.”

“Fair,” Jake relented, putting the Celestial Heart away for safe storage once more. The Viper did have a point. Seeing as how dangerous Ell’Hakan’s Bloodline was, messing with an item containing remnants of it – one that didn’t even say what it did in the description – seemed quite risky. At least way too risky, considering he was still low-key considering just destroying it… though now he had a fear that destroying it could also lead to something unintended.

Yeah, better leave it in there till I’m back at the Order, Jake told himself as the two of them moved on and talked about some more minor matters, but truth be told, there really wasn’t much to discuss at this point.

The Patron and Chosen had both won their respective battles and were now both busy reaping the rewards. The Order would expand to many more places in the multiverse, the Malefic Viper now far more notorious after he’d shown that he wasn’t simply relying on his legacy but was truly worthy of his title of Primordial.

Meanwhile, Jake was to claim his galaxy and thus solidify the power of his own budding faction, though, in truth, it would be Miranda doing much of the work. Jake wasn’t sure how he wanted things to be done and how to handle everything even once the galaxy was taken over – the process of actually conquering it being nothing more than a formality at this point.

Luckily, he had smart people in his corner who could figure all those things out, and as he finished up his talks with Villy for now, he prepared to head out for a meeting with Miranda and others to discuss what would come next… including his plan of invading the Holy Church’s domain to end Ell’Hakan once and for all.




***
Chapter 1040: Office Meeting


***






Miranda was busy trying to go over all the many messages she was constantly being sent by World Leaders spread throughout the galaxy, her head starting to hurt from all the damn work she had put upon herself.

These World Leaders were often desperate, wanting answers instantly as they were in the process of trying to find a way to survive this entire conflict. Sadly for them, Miranda was fine with letting them simmer a bit in their own mistakes. The only World Leaders she did respond instantly to were their existing allies and their requests for support. She tried to be so on top of this that she would support them before they even asked.

With a war going on, she naturally also had to stay updated on the many battles currently taking place throughout the galaxy. At least a few hundred planets were involved, the war taking place on so many battlefields at once as the remnants of Ell’Hakan’s loyalists put up a valiant effort to defeat the evil Order of the Malefic Viper.

She had expected most of them to lock down their planets immediately to not allow others entry, but surprisingly, that didn’t turn out to be a major obstacle. The many planets still needed allies to stand a chance, and allowing their teleporters to stay open for others to evacuate or provide reinforcements was simply required.

Then again, perhaps the World Leaders knew that time wasn’t on their side. Even if they locked down their planets, they would only isolate themselves and cut off their Path to keep growing stronger. All the meanwhile, Earth and its allies would keep progressing until one day, they decided to use a teleporter that didn’t require permission to activate.

The teleporters Arnold had initially created were far better now. Even if they didn’t use those, they also had Sandy, who was now capable of traveling the entire galaxy rather effortlessly. Sure, it was slower than the other teleporters, but the cosmic worm was still the best method of space travel available in the galaxy, if not among any C-grades in the entire universe. Miranda could only begin to imagine just how good that worm would be in B-grade.

Either way, no matter the method of transportation, most factions knew it was only a matter of time before they got a visit, making many try to reach out first. Miranda even had reports of a few civil wars breaking out within the same day of Ell’Hakan dying, the people trying to wrest control from the current World Leader in a fight for the survival of the planet. A fight to make the Chosen of the Malefic Viper spare them in what they expected to be an upcoming purge.

That was somewhere they had things wrong, as while a lot of people were certainly going to die, Miranda still saw it as a priority to limit civilian losses as much as possible. She knew what Jake had done to Ell’Hakan’s planet, and truthfully, she didn’t approve. Destroying an entire planet was going too far, even if the citizens there were messed up in the head. Sure, she was aware that Ell’Hakan’s Bloodline was a factor she didn’t fully understand... but still.

Was it the simplest solution to just go scorched earth and kill anyone who opposed the new rule? Sure, but that wasn’t the kind of rule Miranda wanted to create. She wanted people to know scorched earth was an option, sure, but never the first one.

This did complicate matters as the natives of the galaxy were less than inviting to their new overlords, but Miranda believed that with time, it would change. Besides, it wasn’t like the plan was to invade and take over every damn planet themselves, just make sure that the World Leader knew who was really in charge in the galaxy. Did this require instating a few puppet World Leaders here and there? Sure, but Miranda was already working hard on that.

As she was considering another message she just got in from an undecisive World Leader who had now finally decided to pick a side, Miranda was informed that a certain hunter was on the way to her office.

For a moment, she considered calling everyone available so they could discuss things with Jake present but decided against it. She wasn’t even sure what Jake wanted, and whatever it was, it should be fine if discussed a bit later. Also... Jake tended to prefer smaller meetings rather than big ones, especially if he still wasn’t back in top form after killing Ell’Hakan.

That turned out not to be an issue as Jake soon appeared before her, his aura stronger than ever and utterly stable, showing he had fully recovered after the fight. Luckily, he had clearly used his stealth to get there, considering he had just suddenly appeared in the middle of her office out of nowhere.

“Hello there,” Jake said with a smile, Miranda slowly raising her gaze to regard him.

“You appear in a better condition than I had expected you to be after your stunt of walking through Haven looking like you had one foot in the grave and the other still on the battlefield,” Miranda commented. Jake instantly looked embarrassed as he scratched the back of his head.

“Yeah... about that...”

“It was brilliant,” Miranda smiled approvingly. “Utterly brilliant. I don’t usually find an opportunity to praise you when it comes to matters like that, but this time, you truly outdid yourself. The recordings of your return have already spread all throughout, even to different planets, and I have to admit... you did make quite the impression.”

Jake looked confused, Miranda only finding amusement from his confusion as she had very quickly realized there was no way Jake had thought his actions through back then at all. Heck, he even looked like he thought he’d fucked up. Not that she blamed him for not thinking things over with the state his body had been in.

“I... you’re welcome, I guess?” Jake said, incredibly unsure. “Could you, eh, explain a bit why what I did was so brilliant? You know, for future reference.”

Miranda couldn’t help but smile as she did just that. She explained how Jake’s appearance had radiated both power and sacrifice, how he showed the entire planet just how far he was willing to go to achieve victory. How he even made quite the dashing figure despite his gruesome apperance, his aura far more intimidating than usual as he walked through the streets a wounded but victorious beast.

He looked like he kind of got it. At least Jake said he did, but Miranda still didn’t feel too sure.

“It isn’t something you can simply replicate. It came from the genuine nature of the action, and if you planned on doing it on purpose, it wouldn’t have the same impact,” Miranda explained. “Just be happy that your actions turned out to be great. In more ways than one.”

Miranda proceeded to move the conversation along as she summoned a star map with all the planets in the galaxy currently embroiled in conflict highlighted. “Do you see all these planets?”

Jake looked at the map and the planets Miranda further highlighted before he nodded. “Those are the ones with active fighting right now?”

“Exactly. But notice how some of them are former allies who have now been invaded, even if the majority are purely enemy plants on the defensive,” Miranda continued. “Why do you think our opponents would go on the offensive despite how much riskier that is?”

“Because they’re batshit crazy and have been mindfucked by Ell’Hakan for years?” Jake asked.

“Not entirely incorrect, but no,” Miranda said, not able to entirely disagree with that statement. “No, the reason they are on the offensive is because they feel like it’s now or never. They believe they cannot wait, as doing so will give you time to recover.”

“But I’m already recovered,” Jake muttered.

“Something they don’t know and likely don’t expect either. When not even I considered you would have recovered this quickly, how could they? That’s why they’re trying to strike now, as they think it’s their final chance before you can take to the field once more,” Miranda explained.

She proceeded to go over a few of the places their opponents were making a push, but the more she explained, the more Jake frowned before he finally spoke up.

“Why are they even fighting? Do they really think they can win? Because if they did, wouldn’t they try to invade Earth and kill me while I’m still injured?” Jake asked a very good question. One Miranda didn’t have a clear answer to.

“We have no idea what they’re thinking. Maybe they want to force us into a situation where we will negotiate and sign a contract allowing the planets to remain fully autonomous? Perhaps they just want to deal as much damage to us as possible before going down? Or, maybe they’re indeed just batshit crazy and have no thought behind it... truthfully, we have no way of knowing. Not that I believe it matters much,” Miranda answered.

“Because they’re getting crushed,” Jake said as he continued looking at the map.

“Indeed they are. Ell’Hakan and King Iludar, who is now leading the Chosen’s former loyals, had worked hard gathering the elites from all the planets under their influence and uniting them into one force. This left the planets these elites were effectively stolen from far weaker and, quite frankly, utterly chanceless,” Miranda shook her head.

“That does leave the question... where are these elites?” Jake asked.

“It indeed is the big question right now. We know they retreated to one of the larger planets they controlled, but even King Iludar’s planet seems abandoned by the elites. I can’t help but think they’re trying something. Some final hail-mary. That, or they’ll attempt to hide somewhere. There are so many planets, pretty much all of them not fully explored, and it wouldn’t be hard for even a few thousand elites to hide in some cavern underground on some unassuming planet for a few years until the universe opens back up,” Miranda voiced her thoughts.

“And I assume we don’t want that to happen?” Jake asked. “Honestly, I don’t care overly much if they run away or stay and fight. Either way, they’ll be out of the picture.”

“True, but their continued existence does pose a threat to the new rule we are trying to establish. The mere knowledge their former leaders and elites are out there will be a spark of hope that those who oppose us will hang onto. Hope that one day these people will return, leading to our downfall. This hope will give certain people confidence and make it far harder to snuff out those who oppose us too much, and we may even end up with factions of terrorists – or freedom fighters in their eyes – who work on the behest of those who escaped,” Miranda explained, Jake seemingly realizing she had a point about halfway through the explanation as he nodded once she was done.

“You know what, I’m just going to trust your judgment on this one,” Jake shrugged. “Of the two of us, you’re definitely more qualified to decide what our best next move would be.”

That was one of the things Miranda appreciated about Jake. He could at least realize when he wasn’t the most qualified person to take part in or comment on something, and in those instances, he was totally fine with letting someone else take over.

Jake was, for all intents and purposes, her boss. He was the owner and CEO of the company called Earth, and she was simply the chief of operations, managing everything.

However, rather than be like those shitty bosses Miranda still remembered having before the system - the kind who knew fuck-all about how the company actually ran but only had knowledge about a small part of the whole – Jake at least knew he didn’t know much. He was arrogant to a fault, sure, but he didn’t need to constantly prove to others he was the guy in charge. They already knew, and if they didn’t, he would be happy to remind them when necessary.

“In that case, please do me the favor of staying in hiding for just a little longer. I will keep communicating outwardly that you are not to be disturbed during this time, making Iludar assume you’re injured and hopefully bait him out,” Miranda explained. “At the same time, I’ll have William try to track him down. We know they still have spies on Earth, and if things go well, William can use those.”

“I guess I can sit back and chill for a little,” Jake agreed without any contest. “There is one thing, though... we may be going to war with the Holy Church.”

Miranda frowned, confused, as she glanced at the galactic map once more. All the planets ruled by the Holy Church were confined to one sector, and all of them had not made any moves, so why would they be going to war? From her estimates, they were fully on the defensive and not an enemy she saw a need to make. Moreover, she was pretty sure one of the many people waiting to get a meeting with her was a representative from the Church...

Before Miranda could ask why Jake thought this, he explained what had happened during his battle with Ell’Hakan, including the final part where the Augur had taken the Truesoul and retreated to one of the worlds owned by the Holy Church.

After he was done, Miranda was in thought for a moment before she asked:

“Have you discussed this matter with the Malefic Viper?”

It seemed like something he would talk about with his Patron.

“Yeah, I did, and he advised me to just do what I wanted, but-“

“Then we do just that,” Miranda cut him off, seeing no reason to hear more.

“But aren’t you worried that-“

“Jake,” Miranda cut him off again. “I’m not going to try and act as if I know more or is more qualified to judge the situation than a Primordial. If he says something, I don’t have the right or arrogance to disagree or argue against him.”

Quite frankly, she did find it highly questionable that Jake often questioned his own Patron, but she did know he had a strong streak of blasphemy, which seemingly didn’t bother the Malefic One, but again, who was she to dare assume it should bother him?

“I guess,” Jake sighed loudly as he changed the subject. “Any words from the others, by the way?”

Miranda nodded, changing the galaxy map a bit again, having expected the question. “Arnold returned to Earth the moment he could after he handed things to you on Valhal’s planet, and last I checked, he is busy in his workshop and does not want to be disturbed. Speaking of Valhal, Carmen is still there handing stuff related to them and effectively serving as a diplomat between Earth and them.”

“Sylphie is... somewhere. Honestly, I have no idea. Same for Sandy. Vesperia is on one of the planets under the control of the Endless Empire, Caleb and Casper both with their respective factions for now... oh, and the Sword Saint is on the battlefield, effectively serving as the general with boots on the ground of this entire conflict. The rest are either just here on Earth, or I’m unaware of what they’re doing.”

Jake nodded along as he seemed to consider things for a while. “Alright, I guess I’ll head back to the lodge and act injured then. But keep me posted on how things are going, and let me know if there’s anything I can help with. I also want to address the Holy Church sooner rather than later.”

“That’s understandable,” Miranda said. “I do have someone from the Holy Church who tried to reach out, and based on your story, I wouldn’t be surprised if they want to try and bargain or offer compensation for us – or more specifically, you – to leave them alone. But as I said, I’ll let you handle all that in the fashion you see fit.”

“I will, I will,” Jake sighed as he paused for a bit. “Well, it looks like you got things handled, so I’ll head back before anyone spots me and ruins our little story of me still being a mess. Perhaps having a bit of time for some alchemy is for the best, actually...”

“Oh, how come?” Miranda asked curiously. “Close to a new skill selection or something like that?”

“Nah, not a skill selection... just what I anticipate to be a very interesting encounter.”




***
Chapter 1041: Long Overdue


***






Jake always liked coming home for a nice session of alchemy. Having such an enjoyable pastime certainly helped him not be annoyed when matters he deemed more important or urgent had to be temporarily put on the back burner.

He especially didn’t mind it this time around, as his next level would be quite the impactful one. Jake was level 299 in his profession currently, meaning that with one more level, he would finally reach high-tier C-grade with his profession, but more than that, he would get another charge for the Path of the Heretic-Chosen skill.

The final charge that would allow him to have his long-awaited encounter with the First Sage. At least, that’s what he assumed was going to happen once he used the skill while focusing on the enigmatic master of the Malefic Viper.

Jake still had a lot of questions regarding the entire thing. First of all, five charges were a lot of charges to use on the skill, considering he only got one every 20 levels in C-grade. Each charge was often enough to give a skill upgrade for one of his Legacy skills, so he really hoped spending five at once would be worth it.

Thinking about it more, the fact Jake had been told it was five charges was even more confusing. Clearly, the First Sage, who Jake had pretty much concluded was the person who left the message on his boots, somehow knew about Jake and his skill. Which was super weird, considering, oh yeah, the Malefic Viper had personally confirmed he’d killed the First Sage while in C-grade all the way back in the first era.

It quite frankly didn’t make any logical sense whatsoever. Then again, the First Sage’s existence didn’t make any sense according to the Viper either, as the man had been simply too powerful and talented for what should be possible. His abilities in bending the rules of the system were simply on another level.

Based on how he could even talk to Jake through time and space from beyond the grave and imprinted a message on Jake’s boots, he had likely reached a level of circumventing and manipulating the system far beyond what even the Viper had assumed. It was already impressive enough the man had discovered Jake during his use of Path of the Heretic Chosen, but communicating directly like this somehow felt more impressive.

On a side note, Jake did feel bad about not having talked to Villy in-depth about the fact he believed a meeting with the First Sage was soon upon him. However, he didn’t regret his decision to keep Villy in the dark for a variety of reasons.

First of all, what if Jake was wrong? What if he gave the Viper false hope that Jake could ask some important question or something similar to that? Jake would feel like a royal asshole if that was the case. Even if he did end up having a vision revolving around the First Sage, who was to say Jake would actually interact with the man? No, there were just too many unknowns.

Secondly, Jake just didn’t want anyone to know in case the meeting did happen and Jake learned something he really shouldn’t have. Perhaps even something the Viper wouldn’t like for him to know. The chances of that happening were low, but they still existed.

Third and finally, the Viper was just weird when it came to matters regarding the First Sage. He clearly respected the man beyond anyone else Jake had ever seen the god talk about. Villy was, for all intents and purposes, a narcissistic asshole who believed he stood at the apex of the world, never acknowledging anyone as superior to himself.

A trait Jake shared, which was why they got along so well. The biggest difference just was that Villy had the actual power to back up his arrogance, while Jake still had a while before getting there.

Yet, despite the Viper’s ego, he still called the First Sage his master. He still spoke as if the old man Jake had seen teach the mortal Viper alchemy was a being beyond him that he didn’t dare claim himself superior to.

That in itself spoke volumes to what kind of man the First Sage had been, and Jake couldn’t wait to meet him assuming that was what would happen.

Also, if Jake did ultimately decide to tell the Viper after his meeting with the First Sage, he had a feeling the snake god would forgive Jake for not having shared anything beforehand. Shit, Jake could probably just make the excuse that the First Sage had been the one reaching out to Jake first, and Jake wasn’t sure if the Viper’s former master wanted Villy to know. Jake could say he just hadn’t said anything before he’d actually confirmed he was being reached out to by the First Sage and gotten permission to share details of their interactions. Always easier to ask for forgiveness rather than permission and all that.

Anyway, before Jake would even know for sure if he would meet the First Sage, he had to get a level in his profession, and the best way to do that was with some good old poison concocting.

Heading down to the lab beneath his lodge, Jake instantly felt at home as he went over to his favorite spot on the floor he liked to sit within the big glass bubble. It was just like any other spot on the floor, but this one was still the best.

He felt excited, as with quite a few levels gained recently and improved Willpower from Presence upgrading, Jake was looking forward to seeing how much better he could make his Heartrot Poison.

Ah, but before he got crafting, Jake did something extremely important as he took out his void lollipop and gave it a good lick, instantly feeling the energy enter his body as his Perception increased.

Preparations done, Jake smiled as he took out his cauldron and ingredients, humming to himself while slitting his own wrist to pour blood into the cauldron, his Alchemical Flame heating it up for some good old alchemy time!

Days passed as the war in the Milky Way rapidly progressed.

Alright, despite calling it a war, there was only one place where actual armies were facing off against one another. In most cases, the fighting happened between a few hundred people to a thousand people at most, as while numbers could be beneficial, most C-grade forces, like those in the Milky Way, simply didn’t have the means to utilize large formations or rituals.

Throwing weak C-grades or even D-grades at trained C-grade fighters was just needlessly tossing lives away. Even the most delusional World Leaders didn’t try to simply kill those they ruled, as doing so would lose them all the support they had left and get them readily ousted.

Now, despite most fighting happening with smaller forces, there was still that one planet that had actual armies battling it out. The planet in question was King Iludar’s homeworld that Earth had directly invaded at the onset of the galactic war. There, they had sent a few thousand C-grades initially, followed by far more from the many allied planets Earth had gathered.

This story has been unlawfully obtained without the author's consent. Report any appearances on Amazon.

The response from the other side was to do the same as fighters flooded in from all across the galaxy, ready to face off against Earth and its allies. This was the battlefield Miranda talked about when she spoke about one where the fighting could be beneficial to even the weaker participants. Many who took part had already plateaued on their Paths, and this war could be a chance for them to break through once more. That, or they would die... which, as harsh as it sounds, wouldn’t really be a loss to Earth as a whole.

This planet ended up being by far the one with the most people fighting, with there being nearly a hundred thousand on each side. Earth did have superior numbers with all their allies, and after the Holy Church backed off and stopped supporting the Ell’Hakan loyalists, the other faction simply didn’t have that many competent fighters left.

However, the Earth faction purposefully withheld forces to make it seem as if the other side had a chance and could maintain morale somewhat. To the general, the Sword Saint, this was not a battle in which he questioned whether they could win, only how many benefits they could gain from the fight.

The Sword Saint obviously didn’t take to the field himself, seeing as doing so would turn the battle into a slaughter. Singular, powerful individuals were simply too impactful in large battles, and seeing as the other side didn’t have anyone to match the Sword Saint, it would just be him flying around cutting people down until he got tired or he was out of opponents.

As the battle progressed there, he, too, wondered where the elites were, and part of the reason for this war on Iludar’s homeworld was to try and lure him there with the opportunity to fight with a home advantage. Granted, the swordsman had been spotted a few times on the planet, which could be why Iludar and the rest of those who remained loyal to him didn’t want to fight.

As the days slowly passed by, the battle was far from constant, as there were many lulls and small breaks for attempted diplomacy. Eventually, the Sword Saint didn’t even show himself any more; everything instead being handled by other members of the Noboru clan. No one knew what he was thinking about, but during the last few hours before he stopped appearing, he had looked quite deep in thought as if he'd just realized something.

While many planets were embroiled in battle during this time, others in the Milky Way took the opportunity to stabilize themselves internally. This privilege was primarily offered to the planets that had managed to stay entirely neutral—be it through belonging to a multiversal divine faction or simply talented leadership—or those that had allied with Earth.

Sure, they perhaps had to send some fighters to prove they were still loyal, but the World Leaders themselves and the skilled politicians and officials they commanded were free to handle internal matters.

It was evident to anyone with any insight that once the fighting stopped, the battle would simply shift from vast plains and deserts to the political arena. There were already rumors that some kind of system would be set up that recognized each individual World Leader and allowed them to remain primarily autonomous once everything was said and done.

Even so, in this union or council that they would all become part of, there was bound to be a hierarchy. If not officially – besides recognizing the supremacy of Earth – then unofficially. Even if they knew who would be at the top, the positions directly beneath Earth still looked up for grabs, many World Leaders now trying to make themselves and their planets look as good as possible to try and claim as much future influence as possible.

One of the planets that were busy preparing for this transitional process was the one ruled by the supreme Voice of the One. Everyone already knew that this was one of the planets bound to have influence, seeing as it held the record as the most populated planet in the galaxy. Moreover, their World Leader, Kindroth, had allied himself with Earth very early on and been a very involved figure, making everyone assume he would get a high position with a lot of authority and influence.

Of course, he did face some major challenges at home, primarily related to the theocracy he’d created to unite the planet as one. Trying to convince everyone that the Order of the Malefic Viper was now in charge wouldn’t be an easy matter and a task no one envied Kindroth of. Yet the elf seemed convinced he could do it, and from the looks of it, he didn’t seem wrong.

He had always been a crafty individual, after all, and he’d managed to unite his planet for a good reason. So had he made good decisions during the entire conflict with Ell’Hakan, having a strong, heavy dislike toward the Chosen from their very first meeting.

Yet perhaps he had been a bit too crafty and had made some decisions that soon would come back to haunt him. As he was busy trying to change the doctrine of the world’s religion to accept the Order of the Malefic Viper, his decisions came back to haunt him. Something that was perhaps long overdue.

While in his personal residence on top of the mountain, he heard the noises as the structure was forcefully broken into. Kindroth instantly reacted as he got up, preparing to make his escape as an aura fell over the chamber.

“My comrades are spread throughout the city, ready to act should you run,” a familiar voice echoed, making Kindroth stop in his steps as he turned toward the entrance of the chamber as a figure walked in.

Kindroth looked toward this man as he frowned. “Resorting to threats of massacring innocent civilians seems beneath you, Iludar.”

“Times have changed,” the man responded as he continued walking into the room. “Sometimes we have to use methods we would prefer to do without, but desperate situations call for desperate measures.”

Cutting through the bullshit, Kindroth looked directly at Iludar. “What exactly do you want? Because I have a hard time seeing how it would benefit you even if you had me killed or slaughtered innocents on my homeworld.”

“Fine,” Iludar didn’t delay as he looked serious. “Put me in contact with the Holy Church and the Augur... I have an offer for him.”

Jake smiled, satisfied as he took in a good whiff of the toxic fumes that filled the glass bubble. Palate, while still damaged, and the internal stomach remaining off-limits and barely working, still did work with its regular passive effect, instantly confirming to Jake even before he bottled up his poison that it was a good one.

It was poison powerful enough for the fumes to instantly kill any D-grade that accidentally inhaled them, and even weaker C-grades wouldn’t feel good breathing it in. And that was just the fumes... even someone around the start of mid-tier C-grade would see their lives end if they accidentally touched the blackish liquid in Jake’s cauldron, much less drank it or had it injected through a bit of stabbing.

“A really good one,” Jake said as he stuck his finger into the mixture and had a taste. Far from his first time, but this one tasted a bit sweeter than normal, and that was saying a lot, considering the mixture was always quite sweet. As for why pure death liquid was sweet? Hell if Jake knew.

All he knew was that his efforts had not just been blessed with the best concoction of Heartrot poison he’d ever made but the all-important level he’d been waiting for.

’DING!’ Profession: [Heretic-Chosen Alchemist of the Malefic Viper] has reached level 300 - Stat points allocated, +35 Free Points

’DING!’ Race: [Human (C)] has reached level 301 - Stat points allocated, +45 Free Points

It had ended up taking far less time to level up than Jake had expected, meaning he had probably been close to a level in the first place. It was good it hadn’t ended up taking him too long, though, and after Jake hurridly bottled up the concoction, Jake turned his attention to what he was the most excited about.

Focusing on Path of the Heretic-Chosen, he visualized who he wanted to meet. Closing his eyes, the image of the First Sage appeared in his mind, yet as the seconds passed... nothing.

Frowning, Jake tried to briefly imagine wanting to upgrade Fangs of the Malefic Viper, which he already had some good ideas on how to upgrade at this point, getting an instant response.

Requirements met.

Do you wish to experience the forming of a Record Fragment related to the Path of the Malefic Viper? Uses remaining: 5

Jake’s frown only deepened as he tried to focus on the First Sage again. Several seconds passed, the skill remaining silent... until suddenly, Jake felt something weird. He got several notifications at once, but before he could even see them, only one remained before him.

Requirements met.

Do you wish to experience the forming of an [Unknown]-Record Fragment related to the Path of the Malefic Viper? Uses remaining: 5

Warning, experiencing an [Unknown]-Record Fragment will consume 5 charges.

Jake breathed a sigh of relief before smiling, not having to be asked twice. Let’s fucking go.




***
Chapter 1042: A Historic City


***






What even are Records?

This was a question Jake had naturally asked Villy before and gotten a rather generic response that one’s Records were the gathering of all one’s actions and achievements throughout life. One’s Records was made up of one’s Path and vice versa. Records were everything... but that only raised more questions.

Because if they were everything, then how could Records be lost? How could someone like Eversmile erase someone’s Records? Did he even erase their Records in the first place when the Malefic Viper could still remember everything everyone was meant to forget?

Would someone everyone had forgotten still have Records at all? If no one remembered them, why would there be? If there was no one left to remember... did the system even bother anymore?

Then what about Records that were erased but someone still remembered... what if memories existed that only a single person in the entire history of the multiverse remembered and had seen? What if what that person had seen... never existed in the first place?

For some unknown reason, Jake was flooded with these questions as he felt his Path of the Heretic-Chosen activate. He felt his consciousness shift... until more was dragged along.

Usually, when Jake used the skill, he would feel as if he had truly gone somewhere, but his soul would remain anchored where he had used the skill. However, this time around, something was clearly different, as rather than experiencing a vision, Jake felt as if he was teleported.

Everything around him shifted, the world dissolving around him, as Jake felt himself be transported. Instantly, he knew that this kind of teleportation, or whatever it could even be called, held more power and conceptual complexity than all of the times Jake had traveled through the void combined. He wasn’t just traveling through space but time and reality.

But was he truly traveling in time? Or was he merely immersed in the memories of the system with both body and soul?

Jake had no answer even as he began to get his bearings. All he knew was that whatever was going on was something that only the system was capable of doing.

A world manifested around him, and suddenly, he had solid ground beneath his feet.

He nearly stumbled in surprise, as for the first time ever, Jake could actually interact with the world he had been transported to. The ground was covered in soft gravel, and Jake found himself standing in the middle of a small city with wooden buildings all around, most of them two stories tall.

Looking at these buildings, the architecture was mostly simple and functional, the structures made of stone and wood, and as Jake looked at them, he noticed the sheer lack of energy in most of them. These were buildings made before the system had arrived... in fact, the entire city looked like something that could have easily been constructed in a medieval world before the initiation.

Down the street, he saw several larger buildings, including a four-story building that stood out to Jake for some reason. Far in the distance, a castle sat atop a hill, with small buildings leading all the way up to it.

Jake quickly responded by releasing a Pulse of Perception as he scanned the entire large city and even beyond. The city was surrounded by farmland with several small farmsteads all around, and beyond these farmlands, Jake saw woods and overall very normal geography. Almost too normal.

Things seemed oddly small to Jake, which was when he realized something.

It looks a lot like Earth did before the integration.

Not in the sense this planet was a copy of Earth, as the crops and plants were clearly alien, but in that the scope of everything was just smaller. This wasn’t a world that had been expanding by the system, but one that had roughly the same proportions as pre-integration Earth.

However, despite everything looking so normal, this world very clearly wasn’t. Because something was missing... in fact, a lot was missing. Beneath the soil of the farmland, Jake saw only nothingness. Pure void, reminding him of when he looked outside of dungeons.

That in itself wouldn’t be super weird, though. If this was a world manifested by the system, it didn’t need to perfectly recreate everything, right? However, what was weird was the fact that the majority of the buildings in the city and even more so outside were experiencing the same thing.

Some rooms of the houses were simply big voids, nearly all of the cupboards were void, and the spaces between furniture, pictures, and walls didn’t exist at all... in some ways, it kind of reminded Jake of a videogame where the system had only bothered to render the parts Jake would actually see if he walked around.

As Jake stood there taking everything in, the realization that he was entirely alone also hit him. The city looked like it had been alive mere moments prior, as he even saw a horse carriage down the street he was standing on, the reins of the horse now lying on the ground in front of the empty cart with tire marks behind it.

It was as if every other living being had been teleported out of existence, leaving only Jake behind.

More than anything, Jake was confused as he stood there, as things didn’t make any sense. He had focused on the First Sage when he used the skill, so why was he there alone? What was he supposed to see?

Had he somehow been fucking scammed into wasting five uses of Path of the Heretic-Chosen to teleport to some empty pre-system city?

Luckily, before Jake could spiral too much, he appeared.

Out of nothingness, as if he had always been there, an old man suddenly manifested only a few meters away. He looked exactly like he had during the prior visions with the Malefic Viper, except he now wore a simple gray robe and looked a bit less kept than he had during Jake’s prior visions.

The man was standing with his back to Jake, looking at one of the buildings. It was a building unique in that it was whole. There were no voids within, the system having bothered to render every part of it.

Jake couldn’t help himself as he scanned the man, filled with confusion... something a quick Identify quickly explained why.

[Human – lvl 9]

It was no trick or a skill hiding the man’s real grade... the First Sage standing right there was truly just a G-grade human. Someone weak enough to die from Jake breathing too hard. At least, that’s how Jake usually felt when he stood in front of someone so weak, yet in front of this old man, Jake’s instincts keenly warned him that attacking would be most unwise.

Not that Jake had any intention of being aggressive in the first place, he simply couldn’t help himself but size up anyone and everyone he came across. He wasn’t even sure if the old man had noticed Jake yet as he stood there for a few seconds, simply looking at the house before sighing.

Unauthorized usage: this tale is on Amazon without the author's consent. Report any sightings.

“This is – was – my home for over fifty years,” the First Sage spoke. “I bought it using the inheritance from my father, who passed away when I was still a young man. It was honestly too big for me... but I couldn’t sell it. Even if I remember the house perfectly, I can distinguish between my own memories and reality, and giving up being able to visit would have been too much. I would have loved to see it once more... but alas.”

Jake was confused and unsure what to say as the man turned toward him. He gave Jake a light smile, finally speaking to Jake for the first time.

“Would you walk with me?”

Still perplexed, Jake just nodded automatically as the First Sage led the way, Jake just following along as they began walking down the street. They were heading toward a large building in the distance – the one that Jake felt stood out before – and as they walked, Jake couldn’t help himself.

“Excuse me... but what exactly is going on right now?” Jake questioned out loud, feeling that this entire situation was very odd.

“A great question that we will need patience to answer,” the man said, continuing his steady pace. As they got closer to the large building, the First Sage began talking again as he motioned to different buildings around him. “You see that building? It belonged to Majali, one of the best bakers in the country. Without fault, I always got my bread there as there simply was no better. Ah, and that there is Pielddro and Son, a rather misleading name as even the grandson had gotten involved toward the end. Truly a family of skilled carpenters and good people that many owed favors due to their kindness. We had a particularly harsh winter where they sacrificed much of their stock to make sure everyone had warm houses...”

The First Sage kept pointing out buildings during their walk, Jake staying silent as he just listened. He learned about dozens of families who had lived in the city from the old man, and it was clear the First Sage had known them all well personally. He tended to include how he personally knew and interacted with the people there, his tone nostalgic.

Something that really didn’t make any sense. Jake was supposed to experience a Record Fragment right now. A snapshot of history... but this clearly wasn’t it. Sure, he was in a location that had long become history, but that wasn’t the same, far from it.

Jake was also keenly aware the reason for all this was the level 9 human in front of him – a level that also made no damn sense. That is, unless this truly was the First Sage shortly after the integration, and seeing as the town remained relatively whole as if it hadn’t been that long since the system arrived, that could be the case.

Then again, that just raised more questions, and he really hoped he would get some answers sooner rather than later.

Reaching the steps leading up to their destination, the First Sage stopped talking about the other random houses and turned toward Jake.

“This here is the Great Library. I know it may not look like much compared to what you’ve seen before, but to me and many others, this was the greatest treasure of our small country. A house of knowledge and learning that gave the common man hope of bettering himself,” the First Sage explained, leading Jake up the steps.

At the top of the stairs, a large wooden door opened when they got close. Jake did not feel any movement of energy as it did so.

Walking inside, Jake saw lit candles lighting up the four-story tall library. The entire building was large and wooden, with books stacked on top of books everywhere on all four floors. Jake had expected the place to have a musky smell, but instead, it had a fresh scent, making it clear how well-maintained the library was.

“I was a librarian... the librarian,” the First Sage said, walking inside as he slightly touched one of the many wooden pillars holding up the second floor. “This library was my workplace and my second home. For the last forty years before the initiation of the system, I was in charge here. It was my pride and joy.”

Jake looked around the library more, seeing the tens of thousands of books gathered there. It was an impressive collection, especially for a medieval world. Every single book looked handwritten, and Jake could only begin to guess how much time and effort had been spent creating and collecting them all.

“I’ve always loved books,” the First Sage continued, taking one out of a bookshelf as he opened it. “Perhaps it’s because I relate to them. Books are... perfect. The content of a book doesn’t change with time but remains the same, the knowledge within perfect as long as the book persists. Memories of man change with time and warps to fit perception. It’s flawed.”

Skipping through a few pages of the book, the First Sage smiled as he quickly skimmed the pages. “Books and the knowledge within are how humanity even knows our history, something that’s true across all planets. It’s something that truly unites us. Out of all the different races, we are second to none when it comes to immortalizing knowledge in writing.”

He closed the book and placed it back on its shelf, exactly where he had taken it, down to how far inside the shelf it had been. “We humans are short-lived. Elves, even before the system, lived hundreds of years, making the need for writing down history less as they often had someone alive who remembered history. Word of mouth was good enough for them. The same was true for many other races, while others simply didn’t see the need to write down the past. A shame, really.”

Jake, once more unable to hold himself back anymore, couldn’t help but ask. “Where exactly are we?”

“In the past,” the First Sage gave Jake the first actual answer. “A fragment of it, anyway. One that never existed, yet once did. What you see all around you is history. My history... and my Records.”

“What do you mean when you say this place never existed?” Jake questioned.

“Oh, it did exist. It’s just that what you see now didn’t,” the First Sage said as he sighed, staring out at the vast library. “This world is created entirely from my memory. My Records. I am the only one who remembers it, with even the system having chosen to forget.”

“Is that why the world seems incomplete?” Jake asked, having reached a realization.

“Exactly so. The world you see is made from my memory, but how can I remember what I never knew in the first place? I have been to most places in this city and seen most buildings, but naturally, I couldn’t have visited everywhere. Those places you see as voids are merely gaps in my memory, nothing more, nothing less,” the First Sage explained as he moved toward a table, motioning for Jake to follow.

“Humans tend to fill in the gap themselves when they don’t know something. Their imagination takes over, and they form an image of falsehood in their mind that slowly morphs into truth. Don’t get me wrong, this falsehood is often incredibly close to the truth. It’s no stretch to imagine that beneath the upper layers of soil, there will be more soil, rocks, clay, and all the other elements one would assume to find down there... but I don’t imagine these things. Not because I’m incapable of it but because I choose not to. I want to know, not imagine.”

Jake followed the First Sage to sit at the table. The lit candles were quite frankly rather useless due to the great natural lighting that seemed to hit the table perfectly, making it a great reading spot.

“But I’m also keenly aware I can’t know everything. Only strive to. Yet, over the years, it began to irk me when I don’t know something,” the First Sage explained. “It makes me curious to the extreme.”

The First Sage looked directly at Jake as he sat across from him. “And you truly sparked my curiosity when I saw you that day. You were someone not meant to be there. Someone I didn’t remember being there, yet you were. I also know you weren’t there because of me but because of Vilas. A visitor of his, not of my time. Tell me, what era are you from?”

The question seemed rather normal to ask... except...

“How do you even know what eras are?” Jake asked back, frowning. The First Sage had died during the first era... before eras were a thing. It was like someone asking about the “First World War” while living before the second one took place. It just didn’t make sense.

“I simply do. Now please, what era?” the old man continued, unoffended by Jake’s question.

“The ninety-third,” Jake decided to just answer honestly.

“Ninety-third, huh...” the First Sage muttered before smiling. “That makes me happy to hear.”

“If I may... why did you tell me all these things while walking here?” Jake asked a question that honestly wasn’t even that important. He just couldn’t hold back his curiosity.

The First Sage seemed pleased with the question, though, as he gladly explained. “As I said, this world is made from my memory. I’m also the only one remembering this place and the people who once lived here, but now, so do you. It brings me comfort knowing that someone else is also aware of their existence. Also, I believe it is only polite to introduce myself, and I see no better way of doing so than letting you know about my life and history. Which brings me to perhaps my most important question...”

Jake had gone into this entire thing believing the First Sage had reached out to Jake because he knew something. Knew about him. How else could he have engraved the message in the boots? How else could he have known about Path of the Heretic-Chosen? It had seemed like such a safe assumption. However, the question asked by the old man shattered that perception instantly.

“Who are you?”




***
Chapter 1043: More Questions Than Answers


***






The question from the First Sage hung in the air for several seconds as Jake digested it. He had well and truly expected the First Sage to know all about Jake from the beginning, seeing as he seemed almost all-knowing... yet from his question, it was almost the exact opposite. Something that just didn’t track his expectations at all and made Jake question the old man.

“You really don’t know?” Jake genuinely asked.

“I only ask questions for good reasons, more often than not, as a means to make the other party consider a matter deeper. This is not one of those cases. I truly do not know who you are, something it appears you find perplexing,” the First Sage answered. “If it brings you any comfort, I also find it highly perplexing that I do not know who you are and how exactly you got here.”

“You reached out to me first,” Jake pointed out as he even went as far as to point to his boots as he slighly lifted up the flap... only to see the inscribed words gone.

The First Sage looked at Jake’s boots and, before Jake had time to panic about the change to the item, spoke. “I will indeed reach out that way to you, and I will indeed gain some insight into your capabilities of experiencing the past when you visit with me during my teaching of Vilas.”

“You are speaking in future tense,” Jake muttered.

“Because I’ve yet to do any of those things,” the First Sage gave a very non-answer. “Truthfully, I didn’t know you would appear here and now either. What is happening right now is all new to me. New memories and Records are being formed for both you and I. So I truly do wish to know who you are.”

Jake considered things for a bit until he ultimately decided just to be truthful. The First Sage was clearly being very mysterious, but Jake felt no malice from him at any point, only curiosity. There was also the fact that Villy had trusted his teacher so much, and Jake felt a certain level of second-hand respect for the G-grade human sitting in front of him.

“My name is Jake Thayne, and I’m a rather recently integrated human in the ninety-third universe,” Jake said. “I’m also a friend of the Malefic Viper... or Vilas, as you know him.”

The First Sage nodded along and smiled. “I find the usage of the word friend odd here. From what I see, you are his Chosen, are you not?”

“Being his Chosen and his friend aren’t mutually exclusive,” Jake shrugged, not even bothering to ask how the old man knew about Chosen or gods in the first place, as when he died, there hadn’t been any gods yet. It was very evident by now the First Sage knew far more than he could possibly be supposed to.

“Some would argue those two are indeed mutually exclusive,” the First Sage couldn’t help but smile. “Then again, I guess you balance things out with a healthy dose of heresy.”

Again, not even worth pointing out how the hell he knew Jake was also a heretic, something pretty much no one else could detect through Shroud of the Primordial and Jake actively trying to hide it.

“What can I say? We have a unique relationship,” Jake once more shrugged, not exactly sure what to say.

“That, I do not doubt,” the First Sage said, pausing a bit as he changed the topic. “How is he doing? Vilas, that is.”

The question surprised Jake a bit as it seemingly came out of nowhere and was once more the kind of thing Jake halfway expected the human to already know. Still, it made Jake a bit happy the old man asked.

“I wish I could just say he’s doing well, but it’s complicated,“ Jake sighed. “I don’t want to divulge his personal issues, but I can say that he lost people he really cared about a very long time ago, and that still haunts him even now. He is doing a bit better recently I hope, but before this era, he spent many eras never leaving his divine realm.”

“I see,” the First Sage muttered before sighing. “Bloodlines truly are double-edged in nature, giving so much, yet they also have demands. Not being able to forget seems like something that’s purely a boon, but you do not know how privileged you are to be able to leave unpleasant memories in the past. How lucky it is that time can heal wounds of the mind, something he and I cannot experience. Though I reckon you do understand the double-edged nature of Bloodlines to some extent, seeing as you have quite the potent Bloodline yourself.”

Jake let a lot of weird stuff slide, but this one he couldn’t help but question: “How do you know the Viper has your Bloodline?”

“Some questions are too complicated to answer given the time we are given, and the knowledge will bring you no benefits,” the First Sage shook his head. “Suffice to say, I do know some things. I know who Vilas became and that he is now known as one of the twelve Primordials. I also know the other eleven Primordials. Valdemar, Eversmile, Wyrmgod, Stormild, Blightfather, Holy Mother, Yggdrasil, Aeon, Rigoria, Starseizing Titan, and of course the Daofather.”

“Do you also know who Umbra is?” Jake tried asking.

“She is the Leader of the Court of Shadows,” the First Sage casually answered. “I also know... no... knew of Yip of Yore. A talented one, but foolish in his ambition.”

“You said you knew of him... as if...” Jake tried testing the man in front of him. Something he instantly caught onto.

“I know that Yip of Yore is dead, killed by the Malefic Viper,” the First Sage said with a smile. “As I said, I know a lot of things you rightfully assume I shouldn’t. Know of a lot of people I have no reason to know of. Yet when it comes to you, I know nothing. Which is indeed quite perplexing, seeing as you have karmic connections with your fair share of Primordials.”

“It sounds like you know about gods, so why is it odd you don’t know me?” Jake questioned.

“Because I know of Jacob. Of Carmen. The one who calls himself the Sword Saint, Arnold, and many more who share deep connections with powerful gods, especially Primordials or Void God Oras in the case of the man called Arnold,” the First Sage explained, Jake staring at him genuinely shocked.

“But you... with you, I draw a blank. I genuinely have no idea who you are or where you came from, yet I get the strong feeling I should know.”

“Is it because of my Bloodline?” Jake instantly asked, assuming it had to play a part, as when weird stuff was going on, it was usually related to Bloodlines.

“I don’t know that either, but I do find it a safe assumption, seeing as you’re not a Transcendent,” the First Sage responded with a smile. “I find this all rather exciting. I’m learning quite a few new things today.”

Enjoying this book? Seek out the original to ensure the author gets credit.

Jake really wanted to try and get to the bottom of this, but he knew he wasn’t going to get an explanation. So, instead, he asked something else, changing the topic drastically.

“Say... this may seem abrupt, but the Malefic Viper said he killed you... that you asked him to kill you,” Jake asked without truly asking. Because, honestly, by now, Jake seriously doubted that had actually happened as he began to believe that instead the First Sage had-

“He will indeed be the one who slays me,” the First Sage simply nodded in confirmation. “And I will ask him to do that not far in the future.”

“Why?”

“That is the most complex question you’ve asked so far,” the First Sage kept smiling. “All I can tell you is that it had to be done, and it laid the foundation for the Malefic Viper one day becoming who he is today, getting the Bloodline he now wields.”

“So you did have some greater purpose,” Jake muttered to himself. “What exactly happened? Did you find a way to merge with the system? Avoid death? Was it even the real you the Viper killed?”

He still had so many damn questions and theories. The old man had knowledge of the present day, which had to mean he had some connection to it, right? Also, to Jake, it simply didn’t make sense that someone as powerful as the First Sage would simply allow themselves to die like that.

However...

“Jake. I am a human. Born a human, died a human. I am no spirit, no aspect of the system... just an old librarian who tried to do things that couldn’t and perhaps shouldn’t be done,” the First Sage answered. “My death at the hands of Vilas was a true one, and that day, my Path ended.”

“It... just doesn’t make any sense,” Jake protested. “Why the hell would you just let yourself die? Also, if you did die, then how can you still-“

“Nothing I can say will ever satisfy your curiosity or innate need for answers,” the First Sage lifted a hand to interrupt Jake. “Words are powerful. This was one of the first things I taught Vilas, and I hope he also taught you the same. Some things I simply will not say because they are too dangerous to speak into existence.”

“Is there also some Forbidden Knowledge in there?” Jake questioned further, thinking maybe that was part of the explanation.

“My mere existence is considered Forbidden Knowledge, so no, there is nothing I cannot say. Usually, knowledge of me is kept hidden by the fact no one can speak to me... yet the system has given permission for this meeting,” the First Sage shook his head as he looked at Jake. “I see you doubt that statement?”

“From what I have been told, you were quite proficient in fooling the system,” Jake pointed out. “I halfway assumed this entire scenario came about due to that proficiency.”

“Fooling the system, huh...” the First Sage said, shaking his head in disbelief. “You cannot fool that which is omnipotent and omniscient. I cannot, Vilas cannot, and you cannot. What we can do is bend the rules a little, but do not be illusioned, all happens with the full knowledge and permission of the system. Once more, I would have expected my disciple to have explained this to you.”

“He probably did,” Jake muttered as he kept looking at the old man sitting in the chair across from him. “Still. Why would the system allow you to bend the rules if it could stop you?”

“For the same reasons that it allows Bloodlines and Transcendents to exist. The system has infinite power, infinite potential, infinite knowledge... yet it remains imperfect. Do you know why?”

The First Sage looked at Jake with expectant eyes, making the poor hunter wrack his brain. He remembered prior conversations, and an answer quickly came to him.

“It’s still growing.”

“That is half the answer indeed,” the First Sage smiled proudly. “The system cannot change by itself, but it can learn. We are the impetus of its learning. Free will is a subject I know is much discussed, but do allow me to clarify that it’s absolutely real. In fact, it’s the one thing I can guarantee to exist, for without free will, there would be no change. The system emphasizes choice above nearly anything else, and the choices we make are what shapes the system and our collective future.”

The First Sage stood up after saying this as he went over and opened a small window, looking outside at the recently system-integrated land. “The first era was more flawed than you can even begin to imagine. The system had a lot to learn then. And learn it did. It’s an endless process that we are here to spur on... Transcendents and those with Bloodlines more than everyone else.”

“Why does the system even care about improving?” Jake asked.

“It doesn’t,” the First Sage smiled. “Your question is flawed in the first place. The system doesn’t want anything. It merely is. Surely, you must have heard the usual comparisons between the system and natural laws? The system is indeed just a natural law... a far more complex one than any other that supersedes and encompasses all other natural laws, but a natural law nonetheless.”

Jake did indeed know many of these things, yet he saw incredible value in having the First Sage say the same. It could be compared to having read something on the internet at one point and having that same something confirmed by the leading scientist on that topic... one source was just way more reliable than the other.

However, despite the conversation being rather enlightening – if not super informative, as the First Sage had been so damn mysterious – Jake began to question why he was actually there. He had to remind himself that he had spent five entire uses of Path of the Heretic-Chosen to meet the First Sage. That was 100 levels worth of uses accumulated for this one meeting... but all he had gotten so far was a conversation. Based on how long prior visions had been, this one should also be coming to a close soon.

“Hey... this may come off a bit wrong, but what was the purpose of this meeting?” Jake asked after the two of them had been silent for a good ten seconds, the First Sage just looking out the window during all this time.

“I don’t know, and you never answered how you got here,” the First Sage answered calmly. “I made clear why I wanted to see and know about you, but you never returned that sentiment. So do enlighten me... how and why are you truly here?”

“I used a skill to get here... one that allows me to see Record Fragments related to the Legacy of the Malefic Viper,” Jake just answered honestly. “However, usually, I do so as an intangible entity that cannot interact with the world but only experience it through the body of the Malefic Viper. The primary use of the skill seems to be to upgrade other Legacy Skills. At least, that’s how I used it thus far. When in C-grade, I could focus not only on a skill I wanted to upgrade but also a person... and with your nudging message, I focused on you when I used the skill this time around, the cost being pretty damn big as I could usually experience five visions with what I spent on this one.”

He really held nothing back as he explained everything to the First Sage, once more seeing no reason to. In fact, quite the opposite, as maybe it could help Jake get something out of this encounter.

“Quite a peculiar and powerful skill,” the First Sage nodded, not asking for any further explanation. “It does explain a few things, including the manifestation of this world and the new Records you are allowed to bring and absorb.”

“Truthfully, I still have a hard time understanding the skill,” Jake shrugged. “It’s also unique rarity, by the way.”

“I figured as much. The Path you walk does strike me as rather unique, being both a Chosen and a Heretic, something I assume is related to your Bloodline,” the First Sage casually commented. “However, hearing your explanation, it seems as if you are meant to gain some benefit from this vision, as you call it, am I correct?”

“That’s how it usually goes,” Jake shrugged. “This one is clearly different in nature, though. First time I can actually talk to someone and have a physical body and not just be a ghost on the wall. Also, I don’t get anything every time. It’s just an opportunity to get benefits.”

He had really hoped to get something good from using five charges, though.

“What kind of visions do you usually experience?” the First Sage questioned.

“There’s no set kind, but usually some important and impactful moment revolving around a skill. But, again, that probably happened because I used the unique skill while focusing on a Legacy skill.”

“That does explain why you appeared during the use of my Transcendent skill back then,” the G-grade human in front of Jake nodded as he seemed in thought for a while.

Jake remained quiet, not really sure what to say or ask. To be clear, he still had a fuckload of questions, just none he assumed he would actually get an answer to. In fact, he felt as if this entire conversation had just left him with more questions than answers.

After what felt like ages, the First Sage nodded and spoke to himself. “Let us do that.”

The old man turned away from the window and looked at Jake. “It seems only proper. Also, you are the friend of my disciple, so you should get some benefits from this encounter... but before we get to that, would you like to join me on a walk down memory lane?”




***
Chapter 1044: A Journey Down Memory Lane


***






Jake had no idea what it meant to take a walk down memory lane, but there was no way he would reject such a proposal.

“Where are we going?” Jake asked curiously. Seeing as he was talking to a level 9 G-grade human and that his Pulse of Perception covered the entire city and far beyond, Jake had a hard time seeing anywhere they could go... which just proved his lack of imagination.

“It’s not a question of where but when,” the First Sage smiled as he motioned Jake to follow. “This world of your creation is truly peculiar. The Records are flowing freely, time malleable to the slightest touch. When you use the skill regularly, have you been able to experience the same vision multiple times in a row?”

“Yeah, they tend to repeat a few times, giving me more time to understand what the system is trying to show me,” Jake nodded.

“I see... I apologize in advance, but I already interrupted that mechanism to stretch out this singular branch of time,” the First Sage casually said. “So you will only be able to see and experience things once this time around.”

Jake just nodded, unsure what to say. It was probably better only experiencing things once, though, and honestly, while Jake did find some enjoyment from constantly asking questions, he was also keenly aware that so far, he had benefitted very little if at all. Also, one more thing had been bothering him.

“Will I even be able to talk about our encounter today? As you said, things regarding you are considered Forbidden Knowledge,” Jake asked.

“It gladdens me to say that I do not know. My status has changed several times already. I believe partly because it was manifested that the two of us would meet, making such a thing required,” the First Sage answered.

“It changed?” Jake asked, perplexed. “It’s getting really hard to believe you actually died and aren’t just some freaky time traveler.”

The First Sage chuckled, shaking his head. “As I said, my Path ended the day I was slain by my disciple. There is a big difference between knowing something and having truly experienced something. To experience it, you must have, in some aspect, taken part, thus mixing your Records with the scenario. My Records in your time only live on through those who remember me, not any of the actions I can do. Until now, it seems.”

“So, not time travel?” Jake confirmed semi-jokingly.

“Not in the way you are thinking, though it could be argued that me sending knowledge and Records from my time to yours through this encounter is a form of time travel,” the First Sage shook his head. “I said it already, but I do find it peculiar the system even allows this... though it is with guardrails and our conversation more like than not made Forbidden Knowledge, making it hard to divulge and spread any of the Records I share with you. The only one I would guess you can still speak to about this is Vilas, but I would safely assume he is the only one, if at all,” the First Sage answers.

“Considering he has a copy of your Bloodline, I would also assume that to be the case,” Jake nodded as he followed after the First Sage, who led him toward the exit of the library building.

The First Sage stopped and turned to look at Jake. “He doesn’t.”

“Huh?” Jake exclaimed. “What do you mean? Bloodline of the Immortal Mind, right? One that gives perfect memory? You even said you both had the same drawback of not being able to forget things with time...”

“It’s the word copy I find issues with,” the First Sage said. “No two Bloodlines can ever be perfectly alike as they merge with the Truesoul of whoever possesses it. Just as the Bloodline molds the person, the person molds the Bloodline. When it comes to the powers of the Bloodlines, yes, they are indeed identical, but that does not mean it’s the same Bloodline, nor are the ways we found to use said Bloodline.”

“I don’t get the distinction...” Jake muttered. “It’s like saying two magic affinities are never the same because two people will always use it differently.”

“And such a saying would be correct. I hope you can come to understand why,” the First Sage merely spoke, motioning for Jake to follow once more.

Jake wanted to keep questioning the man but didn’t as he followed along. They reached the door, and Jake expected them to go back out into the city; however, that wasn’t what happened. Instead, when the First Sage opened the door, a large chamber appeared on the other side. Passing through the door, the First Sage’s appearance also changed slightly as his robe was replaced with a white one, and his unkept looks also got tidied up.

However, what Jake noticed first was how the man’s aura changed, as it had suddenly changed from that of a G-grade straight to E-grade.

[Human – lvl 85]

“Our integration back then was very different from the one you experienced. We had no Tutorials. No guidelines. It was just another average day when suddenly everything changed. I was in the library working the moment mana flooded the universe. My area was lucky, but others not so much as they experienced quite the geographical changes,” the First Sage explained, as he and Jake walked into the large circular chamber.

Through Jake’s Sphere and a Pulse, he knew they were in a tower more than half a kilometer tall. They were not in a city but some kind of castle or fort instead, with only a few supporting buildings below... though it did look like the place had once been a lot busier.

“The small kingdom I hail from was a vassal state of the empire that ruled our continent at the time. Seeing as I proved myself exceptional, I soon traveled to the empire as they were recruiting anyone talented to try and understand how our world had changed,” the First Sage continued, leading Jake to a small balcony that gave them a great look at the surrounding area.

“In retrospect, it was impressive the empire survived the integration. It lost huge swaths of land, but the emperor was decisive and embraced the system quicker than nearly anyone else. He encouraged exploring the system even after some religious groups called it the work of evil.”

Jake looked at the vast land in front of him and saw it was quite a bit different from where he had first appeared. Large fissures had opened up where had once been farmland, confirmed by Jake still seeing some remnants of farms here and there.

Yet what caught his eye more than anything else was something far in the distance. An area covered in darkness wherefrom Jake felt an ominous aura... one he didn’t expect to feel in a newly initiated world:

Desolation.

“That there is a place known as the Desolates. You can see only the edge of it, but the desolation consumed much of the continent, creating a no-go zone. To be clear, the concept of desolation there is weak enough for D-grades to travel relatively effortlessly. At least the edges of it. It grows more powerful the closer you get to the center,” the First Sage explained, Jake instantly putting two and two together.

“The Viper was known as the Wyvern of the Desolates...”

“Yes, that right there is indeed the birthplace of who will one day be known as the Malefic Viper. Right now, he is simply struggling to survive, being nothing more than a small snake surrounded by far more dangerous predators. His circumstances forced him to develop intelligence and cunning to survive, leading him down a rather unique Path that will one day result in him becoming a dragon.”

“On the day he leaves the planet,” Jake nodded, remembering the mural from the Challenge Dungeon where he began his Path as an Alchemist of the Malefic Viper.

“Indeed,” the First Sage nodded, giving Jake a proud smile. “You know quite a lot about your Patron. Things I wouldn’t expect.”

“Well, he did kind of brag about evolving into a dragon and taking to the stars through a big mural in a Challenge Dungeon... but besides that, is it weird for friends to know each other?” Jake shrugged.

“I guess not,” the First Sage just shook his head as he walked toward the edge of the balcony. Jake followed along without really thinking about it as the old man motioned for Jake to join him in getting on the railing.

Jake did so, and right as he stood on it, the entire railing fell apart, Jake and the First Sage falling along with it as suddenly Jake felt himself far up in the sky freefalling. Beside him, the First Sage had grown once more as his aura changed.

[Human – lvl 141]

Far below them, Jake saw a vast army marching forth, approaching the Desolates.

“As humanity explored and conquered more and more of the world, the Desolates, which was frighteningly close to the empire, quickly became a nuisance... especially as it was spreading. Armies were sent in there to try and find the center and hopefully the source of the desolation, but to no avail.”

Time began to fast-forward as Jake saw the entire army turn to bone that crumbled into dust. Jake and the First Sage also sped up their falling as very quickly they landed on the ground not far from the edge of the desolation.

“After countless expeditions failed, people began to grow panicked, and all of the greatest minds were tasked with trying to find a solution.”

Raising a hand, the First Sage used some kind of magic as a white line was drawn all along the border of the Desolates, stopping the spread and containing the desolation.

“I was the one who found this solution and stopped the spread of the desolation. For this accomplishment, the emperor gave me the title of First Sage,” the man explained his origin story.

“What kind of magic is this?” Jake asked as he looked at the white line. Jake believed he was pretty good at analyzing and recognizing magic, but this white line made no sense to him. It may as well have been made of glowing chalk for all he knew.

“It’s from a Transcendent skill,” the First Sage answered casually. “You can view it as creating the opposite of desolation to cancel out the concept.”

“Was this the first Transcendent skill you made?” Jake questioned with wide eyes.

“No,” the old man just shook his head.

“I see... say, this may be too much to ask, but how many Transcendent skills did you have?” Jake asked, really wanting an answer to that one.

The First Sage smiled at Jake as he looked toward the sky. “The system was a lot more... flawed back in the day. It allowed more than it does in your time, and I happened to be there at a time when more was allowed than usual. I will not say more than that, but suffice to say, I took advantage.”

Jake kept looking at the white line drawn across the land. Seconds passed, and he just couldn’t help himself anymore.

“How strong are you really?” Jake questioned. It was a simplistic and dumb question, but would Jake really be Jake if he hadn’t asked it?

The First Sage didn’t feel strong, yet every fiber of Jake’s being was screaming at him to not try and do anything to the man. It didn’t make any sense, and if Jake didn’t have such an extreme level of trust in his own instincts and intuition, he would have felt like something was wrong with it.

“Another complicated question,” the First Sage sighed. “Before I can even begin to answer, what do you mean when you ask how strong I am? Are you asking about my level? Total stat points? The potency of my aura? Potential? What does it truly mean to be strong?”

“It’s not that complicated,” Jake muttered. “Power is the ability to never allow anyone to trample on you... and for that to be the case, you need to be able to defeat others. To me, the strongest is someone who can defeat everyone else, simple as that.”

“What if there is only one other person who can equally match you in the world? Are you still the strongest?” the First Sage asked. “What if there are eleven others who can equally match you? What if you and these eleven each have a mix of good matchups, meaning you have a higher chance to win against some but not others? Who is the strongest then?”

“You’re talking about the Primordials,” Jake pointed out the obvious.

The First Sage didn’t say anything as he lowered his gaze and looked into the Desolates. “Sometimes, balance is the most important, not determining who is the strongest. Keeping things simple is fine but within reason.”

“Alright, then change the definition to the strongest being someone powerful enough so that no one can kill them,” Jake sighed.

“So, to you, Minaga is the strongest?” the First Sage chuckled before turning serious. “Enough. Being the strongest is a good goal to strive for, but it’s no destination you want to ever reach.”

Jake wanted to ask more but got silent as he decided to take a shot he really didn’t feel would work. “Can you show me the most powerful opponent you ever killed while alive?”

“The strongest... isn’t feasible. Nothing I can show would be useful in the slightest and may even prove detrimental,” the First Sage sighed and shook his head. “The way I defeated powerful opponents is not something that can be replicated, nor anything you can learn from.”

“Isn’t that up to me to determine?” Jake asked a bit defyingly. If there was one thing Jake was proud of, it was his Perception and ability to analyze things using it. It was the sole reason why Path of the Heretic-Chosen had been such an awesome skill for him in the first place... and to see a feat of strength from the First Sage, who Jake felt very damn certain was fucking overpowered had to be beneficial... right?

Oh, how wrong he was.

“Fine,” the First Sage sighed again. “I can show you something as we jump forward in time more than I would prefer. I will also offer no explanation after as we get back on track and continue our journey down memory lane. Agree?”

“Agree,” Jake said, falsely believing he had just gotten some kind of victory.

“Let’s go, then,” the First Sage said. “What we will see next is a memory of mine, and we will both have to be non-present for it.”

Jake wasn’t sure what the old man meant by this as he walked forward, crossing over the white line leading into the Desolates. The second his foot stepped down on the gray and dead ground, the two of them appeared in the middle of... nothing.

Pure darkness all around, except for the First Sage’s body slightly glowing. He and Jake had both turned into ghostly forms as they floated there, Jake unsure what he was supposed to see, and really surprised to see them in space. C-grades usually didn’t explore space, and this wasn’t just some solar system exploration either... this was deep space.

“One of the areas known as a great void. While not actually part of the Void, the concept has begun to bleed through here,” the First Sage said, offering the only explanation he would give for what happened next.

As if on cue, a figure appeared in the distance. Jake saw another – a tangible – version of the First Sage walking through space as every step brought him forward a distance Jake couldn’t even properly measure. He was fast... way too fucking fast. Yet Jake distinctly felt this version of the First Sage was indeed still only a C-grade, and to his surprise, even Identify worked.

[Human – lvl 349]

The First Sage kept traveling forward at speed Jake doubted even an S-grade Sandy could match, as suddenly he stopped and turned his head.

“How bothersome,” the First Sage muttered, yet he seemed as if he had expected what happened next to happen.

A crack in nothingness formed as something came out. A tendril of pure nothingness stretched through, tearing the void as something sought to emerge. Jake instantly felt a headache coming on as he stared at these tendrils, but the ghostly version of the First Sage waved his hand as what looked like a glass panel appeared in front of Jake, allowing him to see what was about to happen without taking any damage from viewing what Jake instinctively knew was a Void Dweller.

It was a being comparable to a god... a creature that gods who traveled through the void feared. Tearing through space and time, the creature slowly began to emerge, its body struggling to maintain itself in this semi-void area of space.

The C-grade First Sage looked at this creature emerge as he spoke.

“Slow.”

Jake felt the entire world warp around the First Sage as if time itself slowed down in his immediate surroundings. Just in time, too. A tendril from the Void Dweller shot forward; Jake only able to register it happening due to the warped time.

What was left of space trembled and shattered as the First Sage was about to be struck as he spoke.

“Delay.”

The tendril didn’t even touch the First Sage, as his entire body was atomized from merely being close to the Void Dweller. One moment, he was there, and the next, he was simply erased by the powers of the void... yet his presence remained... his death delayed.

“Pause.”

Calmly, his voice echoed through the void, unable to be suppressed by even a being with the powers of a god. A faint outline of the First Sage formed where he had been killed only moments prior as he lifted a finger and pointed toward the Void Dweller.

“Reversal.”

The tentacles of the half-emerged Void Dweller stopped moving entirely... and a second later, its body began to drift, getting torn apart by space as energy had left its being. The creature’s body had suffered no damage... yet Jake knew.

Its soul had been extinguished... the fate of the dead First Sage shared with the Void Dweller.

“Return.”

For a final time, the voice of the First Sage echoed as his atomized body gathered into one again, forming his body. With a wave of his hand, a new robe appeared on his body as he turned and stepped down again, continuing his journey as the slain Void Dweller floated behind him while slowly disintegrating. The entire encounter had only taken a few seconds.

Jake could only stare, barely able to comprehend what he’d seen... but he did know one thing.

Every single word spoken during that encounter had been a Transcendent Skill... and the First Sage had long transcended beyond the concept of merely being overpowered.




***
Chapter 1045: To Leave Empty-Handed


***






The world shifted again as Jake found himself transported out of the semi-void back to standing within a tower once more. However, despite the change in environment, he just kept staring into thin air as the “fight” he’d just seen replayed in his head.

Calling it a fight at all felt wrong.

It was more a display of absolute dominance. An effortless one, done simply as a chore as if the man had swatted a fly bothering him. What’s more... the concepts innate to his Path of the Heretic-Chosen remained in effect, which was why Jake assumed he understood so much of what had happened.

The First Sage had first slowed down time to give him enough leeway to react against a creature with god-tier powers. If not for this, he simply wouldn’t have been able to respond at all.

Secondly, he delayed his own death. Jake clearly saw that his body was destroyed; the entire soul of the First Sage shattered alongside it, entirely consumed and destroyed, yet his death was delayed.

He then paused the state of his destroyed body and soul for a brief moment before doing... something. He called it reversal, but to Jake, it looked more as if he swapped the state of being between himself and the Void Dweller. It changed so that the Void Dweller was the one who had its soul destroyed and the First Sage unharmed.

Then, all he had to do was return his body to a state before he delayed his death.

During it all, he had used no energy or power in the classical sense. Everything had been purely conceptual. It was magic dealing in the realm of absolutes. Questions of dead or alive, states of being, and relative perception of reality. It all seemed so... binary.

Every single action had to be perfect. The First Sage couldn’t miss any timings by even a fraction of a second, or he would have truly died – in fact, he did die before reversing that state of being.

All of it had been at such a high level Jake couldn’t help but question... could anyone survive that? Could the First Sage kill anyone using a move like that? Would even the Malefic Viper stand a chance?

... would Jake, no matter how strong he ever became, be able to even resist? For the longest time, Jake had confidence in himself that even if he wasn’t the strongest right now, he had the potential to one day be. He wanted complete freedom through power... but could he ever attain such a thing if beings like the First Sage were even able to exist?

What the fuck could Jake’s so-called “overpowered” Bloodline do in front of a fucking delete-button?

Thump!

Jake felt a pulse echo through his body as the thought appeared. His heart was beating fast, as if his body was rejecting the very notion of powerlessness. Instead, a sense of determination flooded his mind.

There were no true absolutes in the system. If there was a Transcendence that allowed what the First Sage just did, there had to also be one that allowed someone to avoid or survive it. If not a Transcendence... then he felt it from his Bloodline. It didn’t only reject his sense of powerlessness, but from deep inside, a sense of certainty appeared.

That couldn’t have killed me.

Jake had no logical explanation for this certainty. He just had it. He just knew that the First Sage wouldn’t have been able to destroy his soul in the same way.

With determination, Jake took a deep breath as he looked up at the First Sage who had been standing there waiting. The old man made eye contact with Jake before smiling, giving him an approving nod.

“Let’s continue.”

There was no need to say anything more. They’d already agreed Jake wouldn’t ask any questions about what he’d seen, and Jake planned on sticking to that promise. The First Sage also looked like he wasn’t going to volunteer any information as the two of them began walking down a set of stairs.

“This tower was where I first met Vilas,” the First Sage said.

“But you’d observed him from afar before that,” Jake commented.

“True, a few times. I had to confirm some things,” the First Sage nodded, not even trying to deny it. “Have you heard about how we met?”

“Something about you catching him breaking into your tower?”

“Exactly. Of course, I knew Vilas would come, and one could even say I halfway baited him. I knew I had something he wanted, making it only a matter of time before he would try to infiltrate the tower,” the First Sage nodded with a proud look.

“His methods were truly unique. The talent he had for manipulating energy and even Records back then was already astonishing. He’d already learned how to change his status, and using that, he posed as a human. In the realm of fooling others and being covert, he was and still is truly only second to Eversmile.”

“Why did you take him as your disciple in the first place?” Jake asked a question he reckoned was rather important.

“He asked me,” the First Sage simply responded.

“You just admitted to baiting him to come... you wanted him as your disciple; don’t act as if you were just being kind because he asked,” Jake said sharply.

“Doesn’t change the fact I wouldn’t have taken him in if he hadn’t asked me,” the First Sage said, not a hint of regret of how he handled things. “But yes, I did want him as my disciple. He was the most talented individual from our homeworld, bar none. I wanted someone to carry on my Records and Legacy, and he truly was the only option.”

“Did you know he would become a god already back then?” Jake asked as they went through the tower floor by floor, Jake recognizing some things from prior visions there.

“To say I knew would be inaccurate, but I did expect him to,” the First Sage said, being the first person Jake had ever heard confidently say he believed someone else would become a god. “Perhaps saying expect is too much... becoming a god is no easy feat, but I believed he could do it.”

The narrative has been taken without authorization; if you see it on Amazon, report the incident.

The tour of the tower continued as the First Sage switched topics and began talking about his life in the empire and the time he had spent with Villy as they descended floor after floor. Jake learned a lot of interesting details and asked his fair share of questions, gathering plenty of potential ammunition to make fun of Villy with later.

When they reached the bottom floor, their location once more changed, but not to somewhere new. Instead, they returned to where they had first started, back in the library the First Sage had worked in for so many years before the integration. The library looked a lot older and worn down now, making it clear many years had passed since Jake was first there.

Also, this time, they weren’t alone... instead two other people were already there with Jake and the First Sage back in their ghostly forms. The two people already present in the library were naturally the First Sage, who sat in a chair while the familiar form of the C-grade Malefic Viper stood in front of him.

The First Sage on the chair looked a lot different than the one Jake had been walking with, though. His beard was a lot grayer now, wrinkles covered his face, and he looked thinner and sickly. Despite his sunken eyes, the old man still gave off a powerful aura... but it was clear to all that it was waning.

“This is the day I died,” the First Sage who stood beside Jake said with a light smile.

Jake turned back and saw the Malefic Viper standing in front of the First Sage. His mouth moved, but Jake didn’t hear any words come out, neither did he hear the First Sage’s answer, no sound present for this part.

The Malefic Viper spoke again, Jake seeing his frustration before he saw something Jake really hadn’t expected to see. VIlly started pleading, tears welling up in his eyes, but the old man sitting in front of him just shook his head and gave a comforting smile. It was clear that Jake and the other First Sage had entered this conversation toward its ending, and the Viper looked almost listless at this point.

Villy was unwilling... but eventually, he just nodded and sighed. The Viper stood up and went over to the First Sage who still sat in his chair. The old man looked up and gave a final comforting nod as the Viper embraced his head in a hug. As he did so, the hands of the Viper began to glow green as the remaining life force of the First Sage left his body.

The Viper hugged the dead man tighter as tears streamed down his face. The body of the First Sage turned into pure energy soon after, slipping out of his grasp as Villy fell to his knees. That’s where the image cut off, leaving only Jake himself as their bodies came corporeal.

“I never had a family... not besides the one I was born into,” the First Sage spoke. “Once, when I was a young man, I did have someone I loved. However, sickness took her. We humans were just so fragile before the system. I never dared get close to anyone after that, and I cannot even begin to imagine the pain if I had lost a child, which was why I never had any. However... I cannot deny that Vilas did become family, unintended or not...”

He turned to Jake. “I hadn’t seen the last part of that vision myself... I was gone, after all. I learned something new about myself... you have my thanks for that.”

Jake was silent for a moment as he stared at the empty chair the First Sage had died in.

“Why did you do it?”

“I told you, it had to be don-“

“Not that,” Jake said as he turned to the First Sage. “Why did you force him to kill you like that? You can have a million fucking excuses, but why couldn’t you have given him a proper explanation. Why the fuck didn’t you tell him some of all the shit you’re telling me now? You clearly knew he would one day get your Bloodline... so why force him into making this kind of memory?”

Jake couldn’t help but feel angry as he clenched his fists. He’d never seen his friend in that much pain, all of it caused by the First Sage, who still refused to give a proper reason.

“The reason he told me you wanted to die was because the memories of loss were too much for you to handle... but that’s clearly bullshit,” Jake said, not seeing any reason to hold back.

“It wasn’t the entire truth, no,” the First Sage sighed. “To be clear, I was overwhelmed by my memories, and the burden of life was wearing on me, but you are right. I didn’t die simply due to that. I understand what I did wasn’t fair, but believe me when I say that if I had lived, there wouldn’t be a Malefic Viper today. I had to die for your future to exist.”

“That’s the best explanation I’m gonna get, huh...” Jake muttered, far from satisfied. “You know the Viper knew there was a chance I could communicate with you like this, and I asked him if there was anything he wanted to know... do you know what he wanted me to ask?”

The First Sage was quiet as Jake was still angry.

“He asked how come someone as brilliant as you never found a solution to the emotions of loss that caused your death. How someone who would clearly have become the first god could just give up like that. Or, you know, if you just had some higher goal in mind,” Jake said. “He asked the last part with a lot of hope... and the first as if he was also looking for a good answer to the question of how to deal with the sadness himself.”

The First Sage stared at where he had died and sighed. “I would answer that there is no solution... at least not a good one. The closest thing I found was to always live with a goal. To always have something to strive toward. A reason to live. Also, to find comfort by knowing that through you, the memories of those you cared for will live on eternally... and should you die, their memory will die with you.”

Jake was silent as he memorized the words to share with Villy later. However, he wasn’t satisfied. “Do you have anything else you want to say to him?”

It took a few moments as the man was thinking before he smiled. “Just tell him to remember that as long as my memory lives on, my Records and thus proof of my existence will always remain. Also, not to stroke his ego too much, but he became far more brilliant than I ever imagined. I couldn’t be prouder.”

Once more they were silent for a little before Jake sighed. “That’s why you wanted me to know your life story, right? You wanted a second person to know about you, thus ensuring the survival of your Records.”

“In part, yes. However, it isn’t truly necessary for you to remember or know about me,” the First Sage shook his head. “However, I do believe it best you do. I also believe it best you get a greater understanding of your Patron and friend. Vilas is powerful, and he rarely shows his true emotions. However, when they do show, the result can be drastic if not catastrophic.”

Jake just nodded, not having to be told that twice. The entire reason the Malefic Viper had gone into isolation in the first place was because of a powerful emotional response leading to what was still considered the biggest disaster in the history of the multiverse, even so many eras later.

“After I died, Vilas was hurting, and he took out the hurt on the world around him. At this point, he had no match anymore, having long proven himself the most powerful creature on the planet. With me gone, there was simply no reason to keep the world around as he went on a rampage, resulting in all life being destroyed, the world turned desolate.”

“Sometimes what you remember seems very inconsistent,” Jake muttered, wondering aloud how the First Sage knew of events happening shortly following his death when he claimed he didn’t know what happened only a few seconds after.

“Perhaps it can appear so, but I have not lied to you once,” the First Sage smiled, the two of them standing a while in the library. Jake wasn’t really sure what more to say at this point, and the vision was bound to be coming to an end sooner rather than later now that they were done going through their walk down memory lane.

Jake wasn’t even sure what he’d wanted out of this meeting with the First Sage in the first place. Not outside of sating his own curiosity anyway. True, he hadn’t gotten any tangible benefits from the encounter, but that didn’t mean he regretted it. He knew that the Records from this had to hold some value, and he’d learned a lot about Villy and, in part, even himself.

“Once more, thank you for this encounter,” the First Sage said after what had to be nearly half a minute of silence. “I feel like I’m the only one who’s truly benefitted from this encounter, but allow me to benefit some more by having you carry more of my Records into your time.”

The man turned to Jake. “Not to say this won't benefit you. See it as my way of paying you back for being a good friend of my disciple. Besides, It also only seems proper not to have you leave entirely empty-handed.”




***
Chapter 1046: A Sagacious Opportunity


***






“Not going to lie, I kind of expected my reward for this would purely be Records,” Jake said after the First Sage mentioned he wouldn’t let Jake leave empty-handed. Something he truly didn’t feel like he was even if he left here and now.

“In some ways, no matter what you gain, it will have purely been Records... but I understand what you mean. Records are certainly part of the reward, but it is as much a reward for me as you. No, it’s only fair of me to give you something more tangible, something not made purely of my Records.”

“What, you’re gonna teach me a Transcendent skill or something?” Jake asked jokingly.

“A Transcendent skill cannot be taught, only learned through personal enlightenment not influenced by any other forms of transcendent insight. Something I believe you will have a very hard time ever achieving due to your Bloodline being so all-encompassing,” the First Sage shook his head.

Jake gave the old man a look asking for him to elaborate, making the First Sage smile.

“I asked you who you were when we first met, and while you did give me a surface-level answer, it didn’t really tell me much. As you’ve observed my life, so have I observed your reactions to everything,” the First Sage said, waving his hand as the library was instantly cleaned up, looking new once more. He motioned for Jake to take a seat at the same table as before, which he promptly did.

“You react to external stimuli instantly, your subconscious mind making you respond before your conscious one can even catch up, yet your reactions remain sound. Moreover, you don’t really look at things a lot of the time, yet you know what’s going on anyway. Despite displays of power or immediate changes in surrounding, you never flinch or put up your guard, as if you know that no danger is posed to you. Usually, even when a person knows they’re within a vision where no harm can come to them, they’ll still instinctively react to what could be a danger... yet you don’t,” the First Sage continued.

“It’s obvious to me that Perception is by far your highest stat, but there’s so much more than that. You also didn’t react even when the Void Dweller was seen, at least not to its aura. All of this makes me believe that your Bloodline is innately tied to your instincts, if not your senses in general, seeing as you have some kind of omnidirectional detection as part of your Bloodline. I also feel something hidden deeper inside, something even more powerful... likely what led to you being what you are. A human more human than any other.”

Jake didn’t exactly feel great about being analyzed this deeply, nor the fact anyone was capable of it.

“Am I that obvious?” Jake muttered.

“No, I’m just good at distinguishing if someone is using a skill, Bloodline, or Transcendence. Bloodlines tend to be more passive in nature or become automatically applied when certain actions are taken, and, like me, yours is constantly active. However, even when Bloodlines are active, there is a spectrum. You are familiar with Nature’s Attendant and his Bloodline to communicate with all plant-life, I take it? His Bloodline is also technically always active but only a small part of it. It’s only when he communicates actively you can see it get even close to being fully active.”

Jake nodded along, once more done questioning how and why the First Sage knew certain things he really bloody shouldn’t.

“Yours is highly active at all times, meaning you are constantly using many aspects of it. This in itself isn’t surprising, considering I believe it has many passive elements... what is surprising is that I can feel there’s a lot more hidden. If I’m correct, you are actively suppressing aspects of your Bloodline, likely because it’s too powerful for your current body and soul to fully handle it,” the First Sage continued.

So far, he hadn’t said anything wrong. Jake was suppressing his Bloodline by making his Sphere of Perception smaller and only releasing pulses, as having it fully active at all times indeed wasn’t something he could handle. Hearing the First Sage mention it couldn’t help but give Jake hope.

“Do you have a solution?” Jake asked expectedly.

“I do indeed,” the First Sage nodded, Jake getting excited at the prospect... right until he heard the answer: “Evolve.”

Jake deflated and sighed. “I kind of hoped for something faster.”

“Matters of the Bloodline cannot be solved through external factors,” the First Sage shook his head. “It’s your Bloodline. It revolves around the dominion of your Truesoul. I wouldn’t even want to try and help you, as doing so would be to trespass on territory I feel like I’m very much not welcome.”

“Good point,” Jake sighed. Yeah, Jake would definitely have an adverse reaction if the First Sage tried to do anything that had to do with his Bloodline.

“The root cause of your issue isn’t even a problem in the first place,” the First Sage explained as he looked at Jake deeply. “Your current body simply isn’t capable of properly handling your Bloodline, meaning the strain you would be under if it was fully active would likely prove detrimental if not outright fatal.”

“I know,” Jake sighed. He was fully aware his Bloodline was far too powerful for him to truly handle.

“This may seem like a change of topic, but do you know what happens when someone relatively weak gets an extremely powerful high-rarity skill?” the First Sage asked. “Say if the average mid-tier C-grade got a mythical skill?”

“No?” Jake asked, confused.

“It’s extremely rare, but there have been instances where individuals got skills too powerful for them to handle. Of course, with the skills being system-granted, some level of protection is built-in, but it’s not always enough,” the First Sage began explaining.

“Using the skill will, even under ideal circumstances, be akin to using a powerful boosting skill. They will strain their bodies immensely, with repeat uses potentially resulting in soul damage or even death. The reason this happens is because they are simply too weak for their own skill. Their body cannot handle it. Take that very same skill and give it to someone like you with far higher stats, and you would be able to handle it without suffering any weakness afterward, as the skill would fit the person.”

“You’re saying I’m like that with my Bloodline?” Jake questioned.

“Precisely. The stronger you get, the more you will be able to handle your own Bloodline. At least, that’s my theory. I reckon after evolving to B-grade, you will be able to fully handle your Bloodline,” the First Sage explained.

Jake was surprised and breathed out a sigh of relief... as he asked something without thinking: “Even with the Bloodline also evolving, right?”

For perhaps the very first time in their conversation, the First Sage stared at Jake, a face full of confusion as if whatever Jake had asked was either the stupidest or most surprising thing he could have ever said.

“What do you mean when you say it evolves?” the First Sage asked calmly as he leaned forward.

Enjoying this book? Seek out the original to ensure the author gets credit.

At that moment, Jake knew he’d fucked up and said too much. Villy had warned Jake many times not to talk about his Bloodline in detail, but in this conversation with the First Sage, he had kind of let his secrets just flow freely out. He’d let down his guard and wasn’t sure how to get out of this one or if he should just answer truthfully.

In the end... he was already in too deep, and Jake saw no world where he could make up a convincing lie or story in the moment. He also didn’t want to just deny elaborating, so he decided to at least be a little truthful.

“As you said, my body can’t handle my full Bloodline, so I believe the system restricted it somehow,” Jake shrugged, trying to act a bit more ignorant than he actually was. It wasn’t a lie that he didn’t know why it was evolving, though he did have his own theories.

The First Sage looked at Jake for a few seconds before he smiled. “I’m beginning to see why Vilas believes you worthy of being a friend. You’re a rather interesting one. I will admit, I did have a hard time seeing how you and my disciple could ever be friends considering how different you are. He is a schemer by nature, someone who uses cunning to achieve victory. Meanwhile, you seem like the kind who prefers to just kick down the door and start fighting.”

“Hey!” Jake said, acting all offended. “I wouldn’t kick down the door... I would blow off the roof with an arrow.”

“Same result,” the old man shook his head. “I want to ask more, but seeing as I haven’t been the most forthcoming either, I shall also allow you to keep your secrets. The world is ultimately more interesting when there are still unknowns left to ponder.”

Jake was surprised the old man gave up that easily, but he definitely wasn’t complaining. The First Sage looked at Jake for a few seconds before he spoke again.

“I believe we have been off-topic enough. Our time is still limited, so let us not delay any further. As you recall, our first meeting happened during the time Vilas was forming what would one day become his Legacy skill known as Sagacity of the Malefic Viper,” the First Sage said, Jake perking up as he knew what was coming next would be important.

“You too possess this Legacy skill, I feel, but its Records appear a bit... hollow. Usually, the way to get this skill is to learn a variety of different disciplines of alchemical crafting to a certain level and study enough alchemical ingredients to pass a certain threshold, along with a few other requirements, all while of course having sufficient Records related to the Malefic Viper... but you didn’t do any but the last of these things, did you?”

“No, my way of getting it was a bit more... novel, I would say,” Jake answered truthfully. The only reason Jake had unlocked Sagacity when he had was because of the drop of blood he consumed during his Trial of Myriad Poisons. That drop contained so much knowledge it was enough to qualify Jake to get the skill way back then. It had been a massive lucky break; no two ways about it.

“You consumed something containing a massive amount of Records, didn’t you... would you allow me to look more closely?” he asked, holding out a hand.

Jake was hesitant but felt no danger as he nodded and let the old man touch his hand. The moment he made contact, it was as if an electric current ran through his body, and he felt his heartbeat begin to speed up right as the First Sage let go again.

“I only took a little peek,” the First Sage smiled, shaking his head. “To consume a drop of blood infused with Records of a Primordial while still remaining who you are... my curiosity continues growing. Alas, I’ve benefitted enough, and now it’s your turn.”

The First Sage looked at Jake. “I will not decide for you, nor will I give you anything but an opportunity. I do not plan on saddling you with more of my Records, which is why Sagacity is the perfect skill to upgrade, as it already innately contains some of my Records, even in the Malefic Viper’s version. I can help you unlock some of the Records innate to the skill by using the drop of blood as a catalyst while merging it with a few of my own insights.”

Jake listened intently while nodding along, knowing this was an opportunity.

“Whatever you gain will be solely up to you, but do be warned that the process won’t be pleasant,” the old man warned. “What do you say? Are you interested?”

Jake failed to suppress a smile as he looked at the old man. “Not gonna say no to an opportunity.”

He also couldn’t help but notice that the First Sage would infuse Jake with even more of his own Records, not that Jake was complaining. Having seen the power of the First Sage, he couldn’t see a world where having the man’s Records wouldn’t be beneficial.”

“Very well,” the First Sage said as he lifted his hand and pointed a finger at Jake’s forehead. “Good luck.”

Without any warning, they just jumped right into it. A beam of light hit Jake before he could even react, making Jake instantly close his eyes and send his consciousness into his Soulspace as he used Serene Soul Meditation.

He appeared within his soul just in time to see a beam of light descend upon the drop of the Malefic Viper’s Blood floating in there. The moment this light hit the droplet, a shockwave erupted from it, washing over Jake’s entire Soulspace as he fell to his knees.

An immense headache assaulted his mind as the drop of blood released an inexhaustible torrent of knowledge fueled by the beam of light that didn’t show any signs of fading.

Jake felt almost similar to when he unlocked a new skill and was infused with innate knowledge, except this case was far worse. In fact, the best comparison he could make was the times he had failed to suppress his Sphere of Perception, and the information provided by that overwhelmed him.

It was also similar in the fashion that Jake instantly knew he could make everything stop... but the moment he did, he would have no way of starting things back up again. If he fainted, everything would also end, but Jake had no intention of letting his consciousness fade away.

If Jake was confident in one thing, it was his stubbornness and refusal to give up, and just like the Trial of Myriad Poisons back then, he had no intentions of backing down before he had extracted every shred of benefits he could get from this.

Knowledge continually flooded his mind as Jake took everything in as well as he could, trying to internalize it all. However, he quickly noticed that with every passing second, everything intensified. The beam of light that struck the drop of blood grew denser as the Records released improved not only in quantity but quality.

Jake barely registered the first system notification of an upgrade as he even pushed himself to stand up within his Soulspace. Despite everything, Jake forced himself forward as he took heavy steps toward the maelstrom of Records being released from the droplet of blood.

He took everything in as his eyes remained determined. He refused to faint and instead drew closer to the blood. Even as his vision blurred and he felt his mind muddle as a headache unlike any other assaulted him, he didn’t stop.

Step by step, he drew closer. Images flashed in his head as he knew things he’d never even heard of mere moments ago, new disciplines of alchemy that he had never even studied innately becoming familiar.

Yet Jake kept feeling like it wasn’t enough. He also knew that no matter how much he was trying to hold on, with the ever-increasing intensity, it was only a matter of time... so he took a final gamble.

Pushing through, Jake soon stood before the drop of blood as his form within Soulspace distorted. He reached out, his hand getting destroyed and remade constantly as it drew closer to the droplet right until Jake had his hand right in front of it.

His mind was on the verge of giving up as the faint sound of a heartbeat echoed throughout his Soulspace, and a final flood of focus went through Jake’s body, his soul momentarily fully stabilizing as Jake clenched his fist around the droplet of blood.

What could only be called a tsunami of Records and knowledge instantly flooded Jake’s mind as the beam of light sent in by the First Sage hit Jake’s body as well as the droplet of blood directly.

A massive shockwave instantly blasted Jake back from the drop of blood as the beam disappeared and the droplet of blood calmed. Jake’s body within the Soulspace faded away as it was blasted back, his counciousness fading as a faint smile marred his lips as the final thing that entered his mind was a notification.

[Sagacity of the Malefic Viper (Legendary)]

-->

[Sagacity of the Malefic Viper (Mythical)] – The blood of the Malefic One, combined with the teachings of a sage, leads you toward omniscience. Allows the Alchemist to extract knowledge from a fragment of the Malefic Viper’s Records to claim his knowledge as your own. Grants the Alchemist of the Malefic Viper a far better understanding of mana and most affinities. Grants the Alchemist knowledge of a myriad of alchemical ingredients, allowing him to far more easily Identify them. Allows the Alchemist to make creations he does not have the associated crafting skill for (if no associated skill is found, a small bonus to stat effectiveness shall still be provided). You can freely modify and change the displayed information of anything you create, fooling most Identify skills. Knowledge further increases Records infused when crafting. Passively provides 9 Wisdom per level in Alchemist of the Malefic Viper (C-grade variant). May your search for knowledge be as inexhaustible as the Malefic One as you strive to prove yourself worthy of being considered a sage.

Back in the library, the First Sage looked at the fainted human before him. He appeared in thought for a moment before he spoke:

“I changed my mind... let’s also give him a gift of my own Origin.”

Assuming Jake would wake up in time to receive it, of course.




***
Chapter 1047: One Final Lesson


***






It became clear rather swiftly that they still had time for the First Sage to give Jake a final opportunity, as he was only unconscious for about half a minute before his eyes opened once more. He raised his head slowly and met the eyes of the First Sage.

“Willingly knocking yourself out and remaining knocked out to better accommodate the influx of knowledge and Records is quite the novel strategy,” the First Sage spoke in his usual calm tone as his gaze hinted he was at least somewhat impressed.

“Yeah... seemed to be the best response,” Jake said with a nod, still not entirely clear-headed. He’d wanted to get as much knowledge out of the drop of blood as humanly possible, to the level of nearly harming his own soul. It had been pushed right to the limit before Jake had – as the First Sage said – allowed himself to be knocked out.

Once knocked out, the Records and knowledge he’d absorbed would have time to settle in his unconscious mind without Jake having to suffer through the experience. Jake had, for all intents and purposes, deterred absorbing some of the knowledge after absorbing it, getting him a more than satisfactory result as he’d just gained his very first mythical rarity Legacy skill from the Viper.

This upgrade did feel very weird, though. Normally, when Jake upgraded his Legacy skills, he had a plan for how he wanted to upgrade it, but this time around, he really didn’t. Sure, he had some thoughts before entering this vision about how he could potentially upgrade the skill in the future, and the connection it had to the First Sage had also strafed his mind, but nothing had been concrete.

That’s also why the influx of knowledge was so damn extreme this time around. The First Sage had simply unlocked the Records and knowledge already sealed within the drop of blood in Jake’s Soulspace and allowed him to freely bathe in it while absorbing as much as he could.

The result of this was a skill upgrade Jake would take quite a while to digest. Sagacity was innately a skill related to knowledge, so for Jake to get full benefits, he would have to spend way too long sitting and trying to find every little new thing he now suddenly knew...

... or more realistically, never do that and instead only realize how wise he now was when he used Identify and randomly got information he hadn’t expected to get.

Anyhow, Jake could still check out the updated description to see some of the actually tangible gains. The first thing he noticed was that despite becoming mythical, the skill still only gave 9 stats per level. Jake would lie if he said he hadn’t hoped for more, but then again, he knew there had to be some kind of limit to how many extra stats he could get.

Despite the First Sage sitting across from him seemingly proving the opposite, the system did tend to have a sense of wanting to maintain balance. Yeah, Jake should just be happy he got nine extra stats, as that was already quite overpowered.

The second benefit from the upgraded Sagacity Jake instantly saw was that he would now gain stat effectiveness bonuses even when crafting stuff he didn’t have a specific skill for. A pleasant surprise for sure, and one that would no doubt benefit Jake in ways he hadn’t even quite yet realized. It also meant that he was now more incentivized to broaden his scope of crafting a bit more.

Third was a benefit Jake hadn’t even thought about, but should really have considered: the ability to manipulate displayed Records of crafted items. Jake knew that Villy was able to change descriptions to fool people – such as the time he made a party of adventurers drink poison they thought were health potions – but he hadn’t known if that was related to his Legacy.

In retrospect, this really shouldn’t have come as a surprise. In the arts of poisoneering, being able to change descriptions and hide something’s toxic nature was pretty standard. Many were even offered skills to hide the poison as far back as F-grade, even if Jake had never seen a skill or an upgrade to a skill allowing him to do it.

This was likely because Jake wasn’t keen on hiding his poison. He instead focused on just making the most potent concoction possible for maximum damage, and rather than fool an opponent into drinking spiked tea, he would rather just throw the poisoned tea cup in someone’s face to get the fight started. In the simplest terms... hiding his poison was toxic just wasn’t really a part of Jake’s Path.

The upgraded Sagacity was far more than just hiding information on poisons, though. It allowed him to change the display information on all things he crafted, be they potions, poisons, or anything else. However, while the skill clearly stated Jake could freely modify and change the displayed information, he instinctively knew there were some limitations.

Not to say it was a lie; Jake could freely change the descriptions, just that the more he changed something, the easier it became to see through by others. If Jake wanted to change a health potion to display that it was actually a “potion of instant-godhood,” even an F-grade who’d just gotten the Identify skill would be able to see through his bullshit.

Hiding that a potion was actually a poison... now that was a lot simpler as both were liquids interacting with the health pool. Of course, Jake would have to do a lot more experimentation to truly grasp the full effects of changing Identify descriptions. He did have quite a few ideas, though... including how to maybe hide that any Grimoire he made was a bit too much on the heretical side.

Anyhow, the final change to the skill outside of everything just getting better was the “Knowledge further increases Records infused when crafting” sections. At first, this didn’t really read like much, but Jake instantly knew that out of everything... this was perhaps the most important aspect of the upgrade and what truly made it worthy of being considered a mythical rarity skill.

If Jake understood this aspect of the skill correctly, it was effectively an amplifier to every single thing Jake crafted. One that scaled with how familiar he became with a crafting process and a product – something that naturally already resulted in a better outcome. It would mean that Jake double-dipped in getting better at crafting stuff by getting an extra little bonus from Sagacity when doing everything. Now, the actual bonus could be utterly dogshit, but it was still the kind of effect that was just a pure passive bonus, and if Jake knew one thing, it was that passive bonuses tended to be pretty damn overpowered when stacked enough.

Having mentally gone over the most important aspects of the skill upgrade, Jake also felt his head be a lot clearer. He knew he still had a lot to explore, but for now, he didn’t want to waste the time he had remaining with the First Sage by experimenting. There would be plenty of time for that when not in a vision of Records from the past.

The First Sage also noticed that Jake seemed more clear-headed as he continued speaking.

“Integrating too much knowledge at once can also prove harmful, especially if you cannot digest it all properly,” the man spoke as he tapped a finger on the table. “Your soul got quite strained during that process... disappointingly so.”

Jake was about to say something as he stopped himself. “What do you mean?”

“That it’s weaker than I would have expected,” the First Sage shook his head. “More fragile than it should be... not to mention the fact a wound from a broken skill remains. While it isn’t actively harming you right now, the injury will become part of your soul for good if you don’t manage to fix it quick enough, leaving a permanent scar.”

Without thinking, Jake reached up and touched the small scar he still had on his neck from the fight with the Sword Saint during the Treasure Hunt, something the old man obviously noticed.

“Such a scar isn’t a problem. It’s more a reminder of your Path and an entirely self-imposed one. I don’t feel that it’s a scar left from regret, so it shouldn’t become anything that haunts and hurts your Records,” the First Sage shook his head.

Jake slowly nodded his head, already kind of aware but still happy for the confirmation. “What do you mean when you say my soul is weaker and more fragile than you expected? I know it’s wounded, but as you said, that shouldn’t be actively weakening it.”

If there was one thing that Jake tended to be pretty damn confident in, it was the power of his soul, which was why he found the First Sage’s words so confusing. Because of his soul, he had managed to tame Eternal Hunger and sealed a cursed creature more than capable of wiping out the entire solar system with ease within his Soulspace. Not to mention all the other stuff he had done.

Shit, even the drop of blood he’d just used to get his skill upgrade was proof of his soul’s power. He had defeated his own scaly version when he absorbed it and avoided getting overwhelmed by the Records of the Viper. Jake had even gone as far as to enter the Soulspace of someone else to help the Demon Prince. There, he had been so much more powerful than even a pinnacle genius similar to his own level... so how the hell was Jake’s soul weak when it was evidently far more powerful than even other peak figures of his own level?

“I can see that you’re skeptical about what I said,” the First Sage smiled. “Don’t get me wrong, your soul is incredibly powerful. It’s on another qualitative level compared to other C-grades your level, no doubt as a consequence of your Bloodline. I can even detect that you integrated some aspects of a cloned soul of yourself... a simulacrum created by the system, I expect. Not even going to ask about that one. My point is that you have a massive innate advantage, which is why I find it so disappointing.”

“Still not sure why that would be disappointing,” Jake said with pure confusion. “Sure, you can argue it isn’t earned, but not like I can do anything about it. I just used the advantages I had.”

“But that’s all you did,” the First Sage said, shaking his head as he leaned back. “Originally, I wanted to end this exchange of Records here. However, after seeing what I just did, I have decided to give you an opportunity. Rather than explaining, I will show you my disappointment and make you understand.”

“How?” Jake asked, slightly unable to hide his excitement and not really at all offended anymore. In truth, getting a skill upgraded to Mythical already made it worth spending five charges of Path of the Heretic-Chosen... but Jake wasn’t going to say no to more.

“You have such confidence in the power of your soul. In your Soulspace. So that is where this lesson shall be taught. I will give you the opportunity to absorb some of my Records. You have experienced having a manifested soul image with your Soulspace before, correct?”

“Yeah, a few times, and I kind of have one in there right now,” Jake nodded as the shadowy version of himself representing Eternal Hunger was in there. “But... not gonna lie, not sure I’m keen in trying to absorb some of your Records directly. Not after seeing what happened to that Void Dweller.”

“That apprehension is part of the problem,” the First Sage sighed loudly, shaking his head. “No matter. Explaining will only waste whatever precious time we have left. So, tell me, do you wish to take this risk?”

“What exactly are the risks?” Jake asked, not entirely sure what the First Sage was going to do. Absorbing Records could risk one losing themselves and turning into something else than they were before, such as what had nearly happened to the Demon Prince, but Jake felt that wasn’t what the First Sage was getting at when he spoke of risks.

“Yes or no,” the First Sage simply said, looking Jake in the eyes.

Jake understood then that the “test” had already begun. He considered for a while before ultimately concluding that the First Sage shouldn’t want to harm Jake, at least not purposefully.

While he was filled with questions, there were a few things Jake was confident about. One of them was that the First Sage cared about Villy, and with that assumption, he shouldn’t want to hurt Villy’s friend, right?

It was evident Jake could still end up worse off... but ultimately, nothing ventured nothing gained. The First Sage was dangerous as fuck, no two ways about it, but that also made any benefits Jake could get from him all the more valuable.

“Yes,” Jake just said, having resolved himself.

“Very well,” the First Sage said as he held out a hand. One of the books flew out from a shelf and landed in his hand, and for a moment, it glowed with energy as the First Sage set it down on the table.

“This book shall be the vessel in which I infuse my Records. You will have a final choice to absorb it, or not once I’m done, but know that should you not, everything will end shortly. There also won’t be much time to absorb it, as when I’m done infusing it, the world created by my Records in this vision will begin to crumble,” the First Sage explained.

Jake nodded, the First Sage placing his palm on the book which didn’t even have a cover or a title. “Then let us not waste time no longer. Prepare yourself.”

With his palm on top of the book, the First Sage spoke some words Jake couldn’t hear as his entire body started to glow. He looked at Jake a final time before he began to slump over...

Dead.

Jake didn’t have time to process much. The instant the First Sage died, the entire world began to crumble around them, and Jake felt that the vision was indeed soon coming to an end.

Without any hesitation, he reached out and grabbed the book, furiously absorbing all the energy from it. A process that proved effortless, as the moment Jake took the book in his hands and actively willed to absorb it, the book began to glow as it blew up into glowing pages that spun around Jake and entered his body. Everything happened in mere moments, and from within his Soulspace, Jake felt something appear as he closed his eyes.

When he opened them again, he found himself standing on the gray ground of his Soulspace, a sky of arcane energy far above. Directly in front of him, spinning glowing pages had appeared. They whirled around before gathering in a single spot and forming the outline of a humanoid figure.

A second and a flash of light later, the First Sage stood in front of Jake within his Soulspace. The moment he did, Jake saw the shadowy version of himself wake up and look toward the two of them, with even the drop of blood from Villy having a reaction.

Jake looked at the man with wide eyes as a faint tinge of doubt entered his mind as he asked himself if he had perhaps fucked up allowing such an entity into his Soulspace.

“Let us begin the final lesson,” the First Sage spoke in his usual casual tone as he lifted a foot slightly off the ground. “First task...”

He slammed his foot into the ground within Jake’s Soulspace, and the moment he did, Jake felt as if the entire world had been compressed. The sky above drew closer as Jake’s field of vision narrowed, and he felt he was getting crushed within his own soul as the voice of the First Sage echoed from everywhere, yet nowhere.




***
Chapter 1048: A Harsh Lesson


***






This was the first time Jake ever felt any kind of real pressure while within his own Soulspace and he took longer than he probably should have to muster a response. He’d nearly fallen to his knees by the time he braced himself and forced his body to stand as he released a wave of energy stopping the compression, and-

Suddenly, his vision split in two as he saw the First Sage stand with a finger pointing toward the ground. It and everything else was cut in two as Jake was perfectly bisected down the middle, intense pain flooding his mind.

“Slow.”

Jake’s body instantly regenerated and reformed, only for him to get blasted back with one of his arms exploding like a balloon of blood from him trying to block right at the end.

Just then, some of what slumbered within his Soulspace came alive. A shadowy figure appeared behind the First Sage, wielding a katar and stabbing for his body, but before any attack had time to land, the figure was blasted back...

Only to reappear instantly, but this time, there were five versions of Eternal Hunger attacking at once. However, they were instantly crushed as the space around the First Sage imploded, leaving the sixth – and real – version of Eternal Hunger that had just teleported to appear above the First Sage remaining.

A bubble of energy formed around Eternal Hunger and simply fell down on the old man as he lightly tapped it, banishing it to who-knows-where.

The attack hadn’t managed to touch the First Sage, but it had still given Jake some time to stabilize once more, and honestly, it had done far better than Jake expected.

“Aren’t you embarrassed?” the First Sage asked. “A single skill. A weapon, merely of mythical rarity, nearly matching you in the power it can display. Did I overestimate your Records?”

Jake knew he was being taunted, but he more than willingly fell for it nevertheless as he counterattacked. He still had no idea what the First Sage was trying to do or what lesson he was teaching Jake... but he knew that he had to fight, or this could end really badly for him, making the soul damage he took when he fucked up trying to upgrade Palate look like a mere flesh wound.

A storm of arcane energy gathered around Jake as thousands of arrows formed, and with a single thought, he sent them flying toward the First Sage like a massive fish school as they curved in the air.

However, right before they hit the First Sage, the old man merely tilted his head. The barrage of arrows flew into an invisible hole, only to get teleported right above Jake as he was hit by his own attack from a portal he couldn’t even see.

The arrows tore into Jake as he forced them all to explode at once, attempting to hit the First Sage with the resulting explosion before they all had time to enter the portal. At the same time, Jake stepped down as he teleported.

Teleported right into his own arcane explosion, taking him by complete and utter surprise as they evidently wasn’t where he’d wanted to go. The blast sent Jake flying, but he didn’t get even a moment to relax as the space around him twisted and compressed once more, and before he had time to properly respond, his body was crushed into a peanut-sized marble.

Regenerating instantly, Jake made himself appear down on the ground, only for said ground to rise up and crush him between two massive slabs. Immediately, he regenerated again, not even thinking about attacking the First Sage as he only sought to dodge whatever would come next.

Space once more twisted, but relying on his senses, Jake barely dodged in time and got away, only to get hit by a follow-up that exploded his body into thirty-nine equally sized cubed pieces.

Appearing yet again, Jake blocked the next attack as he tried to make some distance, only for space to compress yet again, making it impossible to escape. As the world was shrinking, Jake focused on making it stop, and he did successfully slow down the compression for a second before the First Sage gave it a good push and crushed Jake into fine paste.

“How long can you allow this to continue?” the voice of the First Sage echoed.

The old man had yet to move a single step within Jake’s Soulspace as he controlled everything as if this was his world. Jake tried to fight back but was constantly one-upped and had his body destroyed over and over again. Every single death hurt a shitload, and to make matters worse, he felt himself begin to grow weary with every death.

Gritting his teeth, Jake tried to do everything he could as he mobilized his energies. Maelstroms of arcane mana formed to defend him, and he felt his body grow more powerful as he dragged out more power with every resurrection. He was faster and more durable now than in the beginning... but every time he improved, the First Sage merely upped the ante.

“You are like an adult having only ever fought children. You’ve never had to actually try to win; you were just naturally stronger,” the voice of the First Sage echoed, making the skies churn. “Do I need to remind you that this is your Soulspace? Clearly, you can access it freely, yet this is the best you can do?”

Jake released a massive wave of arcane power that seemed to cover the entire world, but it was parted like the sea as Jake once more found himself cut in two.

“Are you beginning to understand my disappointment?” the old man continued as Jake’s entire Soulspace was torn apart and reassembled several times over as the First Sage kept asserting more power and control.

“It’s like you’re an archer who learned how to nock an arrow and then decided it was good enough. Like a warrior who knows how to hold an axe no longer seeing the need to practice. You stopped at the starting line.”

Jake desperately tried to make all the arcane mana in the sky heed his call, but the First Sage raised a hand as a barrier covered the sky, sealing in the energy Jake tried to move. At the same time, the ground below was seized and rose as millions of massive spikes erupted all over.

“But why would one bother to learn how to properly shoot a bow or use an axe if they are so naturally gifted they beat all their peers without ever trying? This is the mentality you have seemingly embraced... so much so you don’t even appear to realize you can and need to improve. And now you are seeing the folly of your foolishness and arrogance.”

The narrative has been stolen; if detected on Amazon, report the infringement.

The intensity and speed of attacks only increased as Jake struggled more than ever before. He felt his Bloodline seething as he pulled out all he could, making all his specs also continue to rise. Meanwhile, the words of the First Sage seared themselves into Jake’s mind as he was getting a good scolding.

Problem was... Jake had no idea what the First Sage wanted from him. He got the gist of it: he wanted Jake to train his soul somehow, but how in the hell was he expected to do that now? Practice took time, and if things continued like this, he wouldn’t have much more time.

Jake felt somewhat insulted by the barrage of words, but he couldn’t deny them either. It was true that Jake had never actively trained his Soulspace in any way; he had just relied on it from beginning to end. But in his defense, he questioned if the Soulspace could even be “trained” in the first place.

The Soulspace was just the world within one’s soul. Everything in there was a representation of Records and didn’t truly exist. That was why Jake’s body could get destroyed over and over again, as it wasn’t really his body but just how he viewed himself within his own little internal world. Same for the terrain that would be instantly rebuilt whenever broken.

All the other external things in Jake’s Soulspace, like Eternal Hunger and the drop of blood from the Malefic Viper, were also merely representations of Records. The drop of blood didn’t exist physically anymore after Jake had absorbed it, and Eternal Hunger’s true form was essentially just a mass of pure curse energy sealed within a form-changing weapon and not the odd fusion between Sim-Jake and the curse chimera Jake normally had sitting about.

So, with everything just being representations of Records, how the hell did the First Sage expect Jake to do more than he already was? He was already drawing out all the power he had, yet he kept losing out even as he was slightly improving all the time.

“You seem stuck. Are you truly that ignorant?”

For the first time, the old man moved from where he had been standing. He took a single step forward as he teleported, appearing right in front of Jake.

“Ask yourself why.”

Jake couldn’t move a muscle as the First Sage raised a palm and released a shockwave that atomized his entire being.

“I am just a mass of Records. This is far from everything I truly am, and what you see is nothing but a mere fragment, yet you are so powerless... why is that?”

“I don’t fucking know,” Jake responded with a growl as he regenerated again, this time appearing behind the First Sage as he attacked. He failed spectacularly as both his arms were merely erased simply by getting close to the First Sage’s body.

“Is it because you’re weak?” the First Sage asked as Jake found space around him fold once more, the old man crumbling it like origami paper. “Are you lacking in potential?”

That clearly wasn’t the reason, as Jake felt pretty damn confident in his talent above anything. His Records were of such a high quality that he felt as if he should be more powerful than the First Sage, seeing as he was indeed just a Record Fragment. Oh yeah, and they were in his bloody Soulspace, where he should have an advantage.

“You’re still confused? Why? Think,” the First Sage seemed to have lost a bit of his patience as he turned a palm toward the sky. The entire ground beneath Jake was torn up as a tornado descended and caught his newly regenerated body in the swirling debris and powerful wind.

The tornado began to grow and get more powerful as it even started to drag in and consume the sky of arcane energy. Caught within, Jake was trapped in a loop of death and regeneration as he struggled to try and keep his body from getting destroyed too quickly.

“So many Records, so much potential, so much power... yet this is all you are capable of, huh,” the First Sage said, waving his hand as the tornado exploded, sending Jake flying back as his world reassembled along with his regeneration, the gray rocky ground and sky returning to normal.

“This world is made up of your Records. It’s a representation of your Path,” the First Sage said, his tone calmer than before as he seemingly gave Jake a small breather. “That being the case, why does it look like this?”

The words sent out a shockwave that tore up the ground and also destroyed Jake’s body yet again, showing just how outmatched Jake continued to be. By now, he also really began to feel the strain.

He had died hundreds of times... far more times than the Demon Prince had back then. Every time, he easily regenerated his body, but an odd feeling of weakness had begun to sneak into his mind. A sense of tiredness that felt foreign.

It wasn’t the same as when Jake overspent his mental energy, but it did feel somewhat similar. It left a feeling of tiredness - a sneaking exhaustion that made Jake want to close his eyes and take a nap... but he knew that the moment he surrendered and rested would be the end. Granted, he wasn’t sure what would actually happen as the invader into his Soulspace was the First Sage, but if it had been an entity like the Cerulean Devil, the result would be Jake effectively dying as Records would fuse, creating an entirely new being.

As for the First Sage’s question...

“This is how it’s always looked,” Jake groaned as he took in the terrain.

“I asked you why,” the First Sage spoke once more, really not showing any kindness as he cut a finger across the air, separating space and cutting Jake apart again.

“That’s like asking why the sky is blue,” Jake answered, regenerating and trying to counterattack, only to have the ground rise and crush him.

“A good question... why is it blue?”

“Refracted light and stuff...” Jake muttered, on the watch for the First Sage’s next attack.

“So you do have an answer to that one. So let me ask you something else... why is the ground gray and dead here?” the First Sage asked, stomping down and splitting said ground as a large fissure opened up and rose to consume Jake.

Jake wanted to blurt out something again, but he stopped himself as he considered the question: Why was the ground looking as it did?

It had always looked pretty much the same ever since the first time he entered his Soulspace. In fact, his entire Soulspace looked like it had the first time he entered it, save for the new objects in there and the sky now being made up of arcane energy. He had never questioned why it looked like this, as he just assumed this was the default look for a Soulspace created by the system or something like that.

However, from the sounds of it, this wasn’t the case.

“Are you finally beginning to realize?” the First Sage asked, still not showing any kindness as he kept up the pressure by attacking again, manipulating the environment as if he owned it.

“Or are you still wandering in ignorance, unable to understand?” the old man continued, once more moving as he teleported again to appear in front of Jake and blasting him back.

Jake spun through the air as he was knocked upwards toward a First Sage already waiting there.

“This is your Soulspace.”

Reality folded and crashed into Jake as he was torn to shreds three times in rapid succession, barely able to keep his mind straight.

“A world created based on your Records, true...”

A casual handwave sent a palm larger than Jake could see crashing into him, seemingly destroying the entire Soulspace again as Jake was killed again. However, rather than focus on what was happening to him, he was focusing on the First Sage’s words as a realization began to sneak into his mind.

“But made entirely by you.”

The folding space consumed Jake as he didn’t even try to stop it but felt for something deeper.

“So I ask you again...”

Raising a hand toward the sky, the First Sage took hold of all the arcane energy up there and formed it into the shape of a massive spear.

“Why do you allow me control in this world that is yours?”

The massive spear descended toward Jake as something seemed to click in his mind. For some reason, the descending attack no longer felt as threatening as he reached out, and right before it hit him, he clenched his fist and stopped the spear.

As the spear stopped, the First Sage smiled for the first time ever since they entered the Soulspace. “Good... but not enough.”

With a push, the spear was forcibly sent down, but Jake was quick enough to dodge out of the way as he landed in the air not far away.

“Now for the second task...

Stretching out his arms to each side, energy began to gather around the First Sage as Jake prepared himself, a renewed sense of confidence as realization had begun to sneak in.

“Fight.”




***
Chapter 1049: Something New


***






The question that had really gotten the gears turning in Jake’s head had been when the First Sage asked Jake why the ground appeared as it did. It was such a simple question, but when he thought about it, Jake realized he didn’t have an answer... because he’d never thought about it.

Never questioned it.

It had taken Jake longer than he would have liked, but he soon realized the answer as he knew why the ground was gray and dead. It was like that because Jake expected it to be. An expectation that had started to be set for him all the way back in F-grade when he’d first set foot into the divine realm of the Malefic Viper.

In fact, Jake began to realize that he had unknowingly modeled the entire Soulspace according to the divine realm of the Malefic Viper. The very first time Jake had traveled into his Soulspace, that was simply how he expected it to look, and as his own perception created the world, it had become exactly what he imagined. As for how this expectation had been born in the first place?

Jake finally recalled the very first time he entered his Soulspace proper. It wasn’t on purpose back then, but it had happened during the Trial of Myriad Poisons, where he had absorbed the drop of the Malefic Viper. Back then, when he saw where his consciousness had gone, he had even believed for a second he had appeared back in the divine realm of the Viper as he battled his other far more draconic self.

While he didn’t know exactly, Jake began to suspect that the Records being infused from the drop of blood and the entire Trial of Myriad Poisons back then had combined with his unconscious mind to create the Soulspace he’d first experience. It hadn’t seemed out of place at all either because why wouldn’t it make sense to battle a Malefic Dragonkin version of himself in a space reminiscent of the Viper’s divine realm?

When Jake later learned more about what the Soulspace was, he just assumed it looked the way it looked. He had formed a first impression of how his Soulspace was supposed to look and had just rolled with it... never thinking that it really didn’t have any reason to look like it did.

The only other Soulspace Jake had ever entered or seen was the Demon Prince’s, and back then, he had even commented on how similar it looked to his own... once more, not even considering that perhaps aspects such as color and general design were heavily influenced by Jake’s own interpretation. Chances are Jake’s own expectations of how a Soulspace was supposed to look quite literally colored his view of all other Soulspaces, and in the eyes of the Demon Prince, it appeared quite different.

It all boiled down to the fact that there were a lot of things Jake simply never questioned or thought about in the slightest, but in his defense, he truly had never felt the need to. Never before had Jake felt pressured in his Soulspace and truthfully, even if he could “train” to become stronger inside his Soulspace, why would he?

Power inside the Soulspace had no direct relation to how strong Jake was in the real world. The power one could display in the Soulspace was more representative of how powerful someone could one day become, but that was it. Even if he got better at controlling his power within the Soulspace, things like Gaze wouldn’t get stronger.

It also wasn’t as if he hadn’t made use of his Soulspace or ran into something he missed being able to do. He had fought Sim-Jake and trained there for many years, stored all the stuff he wanted to store there... and that was about it. Because the Soulspace didn’t really have any major uses in the first place. Villy had also never once said that Jake should do some Soulspace training or whatever, and the snake god tended to give those kinds of tips if he thought it would benefit Jake.

All of this is to say that Jake found his position of never delving further into “getting stronger” inside his Soulspace easily defendable. Literally, the only time he would need to show power in there was during a situation like this where he was fighting an image created of Records.

Jake still didn’t know why the First Sage wanted Jake to push himself like this or exert control over his Soulspace in ways he hadn’t before... but now he at least understood what the old man was getting at with all his questions.

Looking up at the floating First Sage, who gathered his energy, Jake stood ready and responded quickly. Merely willing it to happen, he made space fold around the First Sage, only for the old man to stomp down and crush the changes immediately, which left him open to a massive arrow shooting down from a bow created entirely of the sky’s arcane mana.

Rather than attack Jake, the First Sage destroyed Jake’s attack instead as Jake dove deeper into the changes he experienced after that switch in his brain had been flipped. He did realize he had a lot of misunderstandings and false assumptions, with the biggest on being the assumption that his body in there was even somewhat real.

The vessel Jake inhabited was just a mere frame of reference to make interpreting the Soulspace easier. He had limited himself to his body, while in truth, everything outside of a few external things – the First Sage included - was all part of Jake.

“You realize now, but I continue to see your doubt. It’s true; the Soulspace isn’t really that important to train or even understand... at least not normally. Tell me, have you ever spoken to others about entering their Soulspace? Because, believe it or not, that is far from a common ability. Especially doing so freely.”

Jake didn’t respond to what he assumed to be a rhetorical question, in part because the First Sage took things up a notch. He began to manipulate the ground beneath Jake once more, forcing him to counter the old man as Jake destroyed most of the massive spikes coming for him while directing some of them toward the First Sage above.

“That is a talent and a gift. One you would do well to make use of. In the long run, it will allow you to better understand and interpret your own Records... and by doing so, get a better idea of how you can affect them. Not to say there can’t be some more immediate benefits.”

The two of them attacked each other relentlessly as the entire Soulspace was torn apart over and over again, their control seemingly evenly matched, which really showed how much of a monster the First Sage was. He was forcibly controlling the inside of Jake’s soul and not just matching him but doing so while casually talking.

However, Jake was at least improving, and improving quickly, as the control of the First Sage began to slip in tandem with Jake’s growing stronger. Earlier, the First Sage had asked Jake why he allowed him so much control before, and now Jake was gladly taking it all away.

He forced space to crumble all around the First Sage, everything folding in onto itself as the First Sage responded by unwrapping what trapped him before removing all space in his immediate surroundings.

Right as he did so, Jake reached out and forced space to reappear, the First Sage taken by surprise as everything around him imploded. Jake saw reality itself wrap around the body of the old man, but right before it could crush him, he snapped his fingers as all the space disappeared once more, with Jake finding himself unable to bring it back this time around.

Unauthorized usage: this narrative is on Amazon without the author's consent. Report any sightings.

“Good... very good,” the First Sage said, clearly satisfied. “I do apologize for my harsh tone earlier, but it wasn’t difficult to see that sparking your spirit of competition was the best way to make you progress. Now let us move on to the third task... to truly claim and make everything yours.”

The fight continued as Jake kept pressing whatever advantage he could get. All sense of weariness was also long gone, as Jake realized that despite his body being broken over and over again, he hadn’t truly taken any damage. It had all been in his damn head as he believed he had to feel more weary and weaker, thus making it a reality. The body he constantly lost had been so weak that now he didn’t see it as being representative of who he was at all anymore.

Jake wasn’t doing anything he wasn’t capable of. He wasn’t growing stronger at all... he was just claiming what power he already had in the first place and simply didn’t know how to access and use. He felt the entire world around him within his grasp, with the only two areas he didn’t have total control over being the ones right around the First Sage and Villy’s drop of blood.

Raising his hands, the roaring sky of inexhaustible arcane energy surged as Jake brought down a massive pillar of pure power that fell upon the First Sage. The man defended as a barrier appeared, barely blocking the attack as Jake kept increasing the intensity of the attack... the First Sage finding time to speak even while being pressured.

“By now, you may have already begun to suspect, but allow me to make it absolutely clear: within the Soulspace, you are absolute. Some even call it the Soulrealm, though that term was never widely adopted, even if I believe it may be more accurate because it is indeed the realm within the soul. A realm that can one day be solidified and manifested into reality... through a process called Divine Ascension.”

Hearing the First Sage finally confirm something Jake had long suspected was kind of nice. It wasn’t very useful knowledge and probably not some massive secret, but he was sure the First Sage was going somewhere with the revelation.

Upping the pressure of the arcane beam he was currently trying to scorch the old man with, Jake finally found purchase as he broke through the barrier erected by the First Sage. The energy burned through the old man, seemingly consuming him whole... yet his voice echoed again.

“Consider the implication of a mere mortal even daring to make thoughts toward how his Divine Realm shall one day look. But also consider the thoughts of already making more use of your Soulspace now. If you know it can one day become real, then why not at least make it real to you personally? Real, and something that is entirely of your own design. With understanding comes the opportunity for expansion.”

The arcane energy dispersed, an uninjured First Sage standing where the massive pillar of destruction had been mere moments earlier.

“I’ve already used my Soulspace for training before, but you say I can make it even better for it?” Jake asked, not willing to give the First Sage a break even if he spoke as he attacked once more.

“Better for training and just better overall,” the First Sage said. “The system has already opened the door for you and you have the Records ripe for the taking... all you need to do is reach up and claim them. Claim everything. Remember, this is your world... the world of Jake Thayne. Are you saying it cannot become more than it is? Now, prepare yourself.”

Jake had sent attacks after the First Sage, but before they even reached the old man, he disappeared. Jake instantly saw him appear off to the side, and Jake responded as he made the ground rise to crush him, only for the man to stomp down, making everything explode with such force Jake was pushed back.

Before he had time to properly react, the old man was upon him. Jake folded space to limit his movements, but everything was shattered apart as the First Sage reached out and landed a palm on Jake’s chest.

The moment that happened, something changed. Before, nothing had actually ever hurt Jake, which was also why his Bloodline had been so silent. He was never in any real danger because Jake was barely spending anything on constantly regenerating his body.

However, instantly, he felt that the palm strike was very different. His danger sense woke up, and Jake felt an intense pain he couldn’t even begin to describe as he was blasted back, a searing handprint on his chest.

His eyes opened wide as the First Sage teleported again, Jake taking no chances as both katars appeared. Before, when he was getting absolutely destroyed, Jake had been working under the assumption he only had to use his own body to fight, but now he gladly dragged in everything around him to empower the vessel he’d manifested.

This resulted in Jake being far stronger as he managed to block the attack from the old man who was using his bare hands. His katars struck the exposed flesh of the First Sage, but he felt as if he’d struck solid diamond as his slash merely slid across his opponent’s arm.

Jake switched things up as he tried to get some distance by quite literally creating it through stretching space between himself and his opponent, but the First Sage proved too fast as he simply crushed space with a fist and was upon Jake instantly.

Forced to dodge, Jake was sent reeling back, the true pain once more surging through his body as he felt his own heart begin to beat faster. It only sped up further as the First Sage continued his intense offensive, and Jake began to realize that while he was in complete control of the world, none of that mattered when the one was fighting could mercilessly crush anything in his way.

In fact, the old man didn’t even try to control the environment anymore. Instead, he solely used his own body which was far more solid than Jake could even begin to imagine. No matter what Jake did, he couldn’t penetrate the First Sage’s defenses, while Jake himself was sent reeling back whenever he even made direct contact with the old man’s attacks.

“Everyone has Soulspaces, but that doesn’t mean the basis for every Soulspace is the same. Within their Soulspaces, many beasts tend to have far more powerful and durable bodies while lacking control of the environment, while ghosts and most undead have weak bodies while possessing far better control of the environment.”

Jake listened as he shot into the air, teleporting into the sky of arcane energy as he wrapped it all around him. With his increased control of the Soulspace, he knew this was where he was strongest and readily embraced it.

The arcane mana wrapped around his body, forming several layers that both defended and helped him attack as he clashed with the First Sage a dozen more times, standing a better chance now but still finding himself on the back foot.

“The reason why the basis for Soulspaces varies is that souls differ widely. Usually, this variance comes in the form of scope through the quality and quantity of Records one has, but on rare occasions, the soul itself is different from the norm. Their vessel has grown to a level where the usual conventions of the soul are something the system recognizes they can reach beyond.”

Upping the tempo even more, the First Sage pummeled Jake, his danger sense growing with every attack he received. His heart was beating quickly, and Jake tried to absorb all the arcane energy he could to keep up, but it was all in vain as he was blasted back repeatedly.

No matter what, his body simply couldn’t keep up, and he had to try to rely on controlling the environment, but he kept feeling as if he was hitting a wall.

“Mutations can occur, especially when one walks a unique and powerful Path. But balance must be achieved. With this, the system rarely helps. It is your soul, after all.”

Jake was struck again as he once more seemed to realize something. He was blasted down toward the ground as he stared up at the sky of arcane mana and felt the powerful energies within... energy that surpassed other aspects of his Soulspace.

“There is yet to be a commonly accepted word to call these people with mutated souls, but the system tends to refer to their souls as...”

As the First Sage approached Jake again, he barely responded as the old man placed a palm on his chest, causing a surge of power to enter him.

“Anomalies.”

Jake’s body was torn apart and exploded as the entire ground was torn up and the Soulspace torn asunder, the sky of arcane mana the only thing remaining.

Yet Jake felt no pain but only the thumping of his own heart. He didn’t will his body or the environment to regenerate what was... instead, he allowed his instincts and unconscious mind to construct - mutate - his Soulspace something new, this time entirely his own.




***
Chapter 1050: A Whole New World


***






For several seconds, Jake’s Soulspace was reminiscent of the void as nearly nothing existed there. The only clue that it was even his Soulspace was the sky of arcane mana that still remained, unaffected by the changes to come, as there, quite frankly, was nothing to improve on. At least not directly. All improvements would come from bringing the sky in balance with the rest of the Soulspace.

Even as Jake’s body was dispersed, he didn’t immediately regenerate it. Instead, he became one with this sky as he felt everything at once. Jake had never actively thought much about how his Soulspace should look like, and neither did he do so this time around.

Instead, he moved according to what felt most natural – and truly, was anything more Jake-like than leaving everything to instinct? Hence, rather than actually design anything with thoughtful intent, Jake proceeded to simply act.

The skies roared, and the First Sage willingly retreated and gave Jake space as the Soulspace began to surge with energy as countless particles appeared from the nothingness, swirling as matter was created. The ground was formed first, no longer the dead gray rock as before, but soil teeming with life and energy.

With a thought – intent behind the action this time not for what he wanted, but for it to happen - the world blossomed. Grass, the color of Jake’s arcane mana spread out across the land, and countless plants resembling herbs and other shrubs began to rapidly grow everywhere the eye could see. Occasionally, massive trunks sprang from the ground, covered in leaves that looked like crystals, and within moments, an enormous forest was born, continuing into an endless horizon.

Above, the sky continued to churn as the arcane mana connected to the ground, a cycle forming as the newly grown trees and other plants began to greedily absorb the energy from above. This exchange happened intermittently, with bolts of arcane mana resembling lightning descending upon the many trees, infusing the world below with arcane energy that turned from its destructive form into stable energy, making the trees grow further.

Finally, there was the last piece of the puzzle. The one thing that would complete the Soulspace.

A single humanoid figure manifested as Jake reformed his body. Bolts of lightning immediately struck him as he appeared, and a torrent of energy surged from below, making him feel an intimate connection with the Soulspace, surpassing anything prior.

At that moment, as Jake realized the new shape of his Soulspace, he couldn’t help but think about a concept he’d read about a long time ago... one he had definitely butchered with his interpretation of his Soulspace, but hey, he barely remembered what it had been about in the first place.

Still, he thought it fit.

Heaven, earth, man. The heaven was his mana, the earth his inner energy, and man his vital energy. Each, they complimented one another, and together they formed the soul of Jake Thayne.

With this interpretation, Jake finally opened his eyes. The First Sage saw Jake regain his body and smiled before he instantly stormed at him. However, rather than get another good smacking, Jake merely raised a hand as he blocked the palm strike of the old man. Jake felt a shockwave of energy reverberate through his body as he pushed back with all his power.

Their clash sent out a shockwave that tore through the Soulspace, yet failed to even topple any of the trees as the ground was too stable for them to so easily destroy. The result of their clash was that the old man was sent staggering back, small cracks forming on his hand.

“Good... very good,” the First Sage said as he looked at his hand that was quickly healing. “Do you feel it surging? Embrace that feeling and let it carry you forward.”

With a small nod, Jake focused on the feeling that was indeed there. When the First Sage had struck him just now, that palm strike had been like a blacksmith’s hammer giving that final push to solidify Jake’s newly created body.

With it solidified, so did the rest of the Soulspace around him as he felt something within him begin to grow. Grow and change. His chest felt warm, and he knew a skill upgrade was coming, but something about this one felt far different from any prior he had ever had. Something else than merely a rarity was changing, and luckily for Jake, the system allowed him to know what was happening as he was flooded with system messages.

Incompatible Skill Upgrade Records for [Anomalous Soul of the Heretic-Chosen (Legendary)] detected.

Skill Upgrade changing to Skill Mutation.

Congratulations! Your [Anomalous Soul of the Heretic-Chosen (Legendary)] has successfully mutated from a Profession skill into a Race skill.

Skill Upgraded:[Anomalous Soul of the Heretic-Chosen (Legendary)] – Heresy and orthodoxy united in one body, power claimed from both. To be both a Chosen and a Heretic requires not only mental deviancy but a truly anomalous soul to reconcile opposing concepts. A soul that only grows more unique as you walk further on your Path as a Heretic-Chosen. Due to your connection to your Patron, your mana will begin to carry faint hints and morcels of the Records of the Malefic Viper when crafting poisons, making each creation more potent. Due to your identity as a heretic, this is not granted but taken, resulting in significantly increased mana expenditure during this process. As your soul mutates, so does it get empowered, allowing it to break convention. Going forward, every stat point in Wisdom increases your Mana Points by 12.5 rather than 10. May your very existence become an anomaly that shuns normalcy for power as you continue paving your own Path as a Heretic-Chosen. Note that this skill results in a permanent change. Losing your status as a Heretic-Chosen or your profession will make the skill further mutate and transition into a race skill.

-->

[Anomalous Arcane Soul (Mythical)] – Heretic and Chosen. Stability and Destruction. Intelligence and Instinct. You walk a Path of paradoxes, forever maintaining a tight balance as you strive to bring your unique Path toward perfection. Due to your connection to your Patron, your mana will begin to carry faint hints and morcels of the Records of the Malefic Viper when crafting poisons, making each creation more potent at the cost of significantly increased mana expenditure as you forcefully lay claim to these Records. Soul energy floods your vital and inner energies, allowing your soul to remain far more stable even when the body is destroyed or heavily damaged. As a result of your soul successfully mutating to better fit your Path, it can store more energy than regular beings, resulting in every stat point in Wisdom, Vitality, and Endurance increasing your Mana Points, Health Points, and Stamina by 12.5 rather than 10. Immensely increases your capability to convert your energies while reducing loss during the process. Latent potential in your soul has been unlocked, allowing you far more control within your Soulspace. May your soul continue to grow toward eternity as your Path evolves.

Unauthorized usage: this tale is on Amazon without the author's consent. Report any sightings.

Notice: Your skill [Anomalous Arcane Soul (Mythical)] has been moved from Profession Skills to Race Skills on the status menu.

Jake could barely focus on reading the flood of messages as the feeling of having something so fundamentally change within him was honestly goddamn euphoric. The change was sadly relatively quick after the system got involved and took him through the entire process as his Soulspace had now fully stabilized. Everything in there had calmed, and not far away, he saw the shadowy figure of Eternal Hunger appear, sitting cross-legged within a small dark clearing. Not far away, the drop of blood from the Viper was also back, creating a small area around itself with no life or arcane mana.

Seeing no need to mess with either of them, Jake turned his attention to the actual skill upgrade, and damn did he have some notes.

This was his first time seeing a skill change category like that, though he did know it was possible, and the original Anomalous Soul had already warned him it would happen if he lost his status as a Heretic-Chosen. Now it had mutated and changed because Jake caused it, but he couldn’t say the original skill being primed to being capable of doing so didn’t play a huge part.

Thinking about it, perhaps his interpretation that his Soulspace was akin to the Malefic Viper’s Divine Realm had helped him to get offered the Anomalous Soul of the Heretic-Chosen in the first place. However, now, Jake had severed that connection entirely, even if the skill retained the effects it had while a profession skill. It was true the Path of the Malefic Viper influenced Jake’s, but his Path was still entirely his own, and so was his soul. The drop of blood was merely a guest in his Soulspace, and the Records from the Viper Jake possessed were ones Jake had entirely taken. Even if Villy was their Origin, the second they became part of Jake’s Path, he no longer viewed Villy as having any form of ownership. He wasn’t a faithful Chosen after all, but as much a filthy heretic who was all about taking without asking.

When it came to the name of the skill, he had some mixed emotions. Anomalous Arcane Soul sounded so... basic. It didn’t sound like a mythical skill at all, and in truth, Jake had kind of expected to see another “of the Primal Hunter” skill. However, when he really thought more about it, did he really want that? Did it even make sense?

Because there was no fucking way that the Soul of the Primal Hunter was merely a mythical rarity skill. So, seeing the skill look so basic could be viewed as a good thing, as it meant there was plenty of room for further improvement down the line.

Anyhow, moving on to the actual skill itself and its effects, everything it did was entirely passive, which Jake definitely wasn’t going to complain about. From an immediate assessment, the biggest upgrade was definitely that his resource pools for Stamina and Health Points had just expanded by 25%, matching the existing bonus increase it had already given to his mana.

Needless to say, that was an utterly massive upgrade. Alongside this, he could already feel how much more easily Jake could transform the different energies within his body from one into the other. He had essentially created connections that allowed exchange within his Soulspace through the balance he’d achieved. Jake wasn’t sure if this improved ability to exchange energy would have any tangible effects while fighting as it still wasn’t very efficient and still took time and a bit of concentration, but hey, the option was now there.

Then, there was the newly added section talking about his soul growing more stable. Jake still wasn’t entirely sure what this meant, or if it even meant anything at all to him, as Jake was already pretty damn stable and quick to react even while heavily damaged, but he got the feeling this change would prove useful. Mainly the portion where it mentioned his body being destroyed... but all of that was for later experimentation.

The final part of the skill description mentioned Jake unlocking latent potential, allowing him far more control within his Soulspace. This was the most obvious part of the upgrade as that was what Jake had been doing all this time with the First Sage, and it bode well for Jake to further upgrade the skill in the future. He knew there were things he would now be able to do using his Soulspace, with the possibilities effectively endless. Technically, he already had those abilities before, but now he knew he had them.

Now, Jake did know that while this kind of upgrade was absolutely awesome, it was technically too awesome. Experiencing such a fundamental change to his soul was bound to have some consequences, which the First Sage would soon gladly outline as the old man stood with a big smile as he looked at Jake.

“Congratulations are in order,” the First Sage said, no longer bothering with infusing his voice with any energy as the lesson was over.

The two of them had landed on the ground while Jake went through the skill upgrade, and with a mental command, Jake summoned a table for them to sit at out of politeness.

“Thank you,” Jake said with a small bow before he took a seat.

“No need for thanks, you’re effectively my grand disciple,” the First Sage waved him off casually before he turned a bit more serious. “Our time remains short, so let us skip further celebrations and pleasantries. Seeing as you already had your soul mutate once, I assume you know of the drawbacks?”

Jake nodded slightly as he still asked. “I think I do, but if I’ve learned anything today, it’s that sometimes my base assumptions can be really off.”

The First Sage chuckled a bit as he explained: “As your vessel expands, so does what’s needed to fill it. The Records required for every one of your evolutions will be higher than before, making them more difficult and the quests harder, especially for your race evolution. You will also need more experience points for every level gained going forward, resulting in each level taking longer. Now, I call these drawbacks, but let me clarify: I do not actually see them as such. While it may appear detrimental on the surface, the more Records and the more experience you gather in your mortal years, the happier you’ll be in the future that you struggled in your youth as you approach divinity.”

“Yeah, that tracks with what I already knew,” Jake nodded, as he did bite onto one thing. The First Sage mentioned Jake’s evolutions getting harder, specifically pointing out the race quest, but so far, Jake had never once struggled with evolving, and he didn’t believe he would for B-grade either. Especially seeing as he didn’t even have race evolution quests. This could mean that the old man didn’t know about this part of Jake... and honestly, he felt kinda good about at least having some secrets in front of a man who seemed almost omniscient.

“I suspected as much. Vilas should have taught you some things, seeing as you are his Chosen,” the First Sage nodded with a smile before he sighed. “Alas, let the lesson fully end here. It’s soon time for me to go and for you to return to your time and reality. Would you have the honor of destroying this Record Fragment?”

Jake looked at the old man for a second before shaking his head. “I thought you said the lesson was over, so why the test? We both know I’m not capable of doing that.”

With Jake’s increased control of his Soulspace, he could also far better analyze the being sitting in front of him and the Records this image of the First Sage was made from. It was a mere fragment, yes, but the Records within it felt absolutely horrifying to try and destroy. Jake wanted to compare it to the power of the drop of blood or when Villy had briefly popped into his Soulspace when he fucked up Palete, but both comparisons felt wrong.

Even now, Jake truly couldn’t see through the old man, and he wasn’t sure if he ever would. All he did know with certainty was that if the First Sage had truly entered Jake’s Soulspace with the intent to break him...

“In fact, I’m pretty sure if you wanted to, you could have effectively killed me,” Jake sighed, following up his prior words.

The First Sage was silent for a moment as he looked toward the sky and squinted. When he did, Jake felt his heart beat strongly a single time as the old man spoke, shaking his head. “I’m not entirely confident I would have had a good ending either.”




***
Chapter 1051: A Final Gift & Taking Status


***






Both were silent for a few seconds before the First Sage looked back down at Jake. “Now, we will have to address this Record Fragment before you return to your time. I cannot be brought along while in this form where I possess consciousness... so allow me to give you a final gift.”

The First Sage leaned back in the chair as he continued. “The first thing you gained today were Records from the Malefic Viper. The second thing you gained were the Records simply waiting to be unlocked within yourself. So allow for this final part to be a gift of Records from me. Assuming you wish to accept them, of course.”

Jake enthusiastically nodded, definitely not going to say no to something given directly by the First Sage... though he kind of hoped getting said gift wouldn’t require another training lesson where he died nearly a thousand times.

“Then allow me to leave you with something for your future. Today, you unlocked the potential of your soul, so I shall give you something to further explore and expand what you can do with it... including a method to address that little soul injury of yours.”

Jake perked up when he heard that, only growing more eager to see what the First Sage was about to leave him. Fixing Palete was naturally something Jake very much wanted to do, and if the First Sage had a method of doing that, Jake definitely wasn’t going to reject it.

“I’m glad you seem keen... then let this be our goodbye. It was a pleasant, though surprising, encounter,” the First Sage smiled. His body slowly began to glow as Jake felt his Records surge, a torrent of power erupting from the old man’s body that just made Jake even more sure he really didn’t want to make the old man an enemy no matter how many eras he had been dead.

“Also... when you see Vilas, will you tell him something for me?” the First Sage spoke as his body was filled with power and broke down as his skin cracked.

Jake nodded, prompting the old man to continue.

“Please tell him that I’m proud of him. Proud of what he’s become. And thank you, Jake, for being his friend. Having something like that for someone like him is more valuable than you can even begin to imagine.”

With those words, the body of the First Sage split apart. His skin peeled entirely off and turned into pages of paper, the rest of his body quickly following suit as hundreds of glowing pages flew into the air and began swirling before quickly beginning to regather on the table as the voice of the First Sage echoed with a final message.

“I shall leave you with Records of my Legacy... but perhaps do consider keeping what you learn from it to yourself, as the system tends to dislike spreading Forbidden Knowledge. I wish you fortune on your Path, Jake Thayne, and I look forward to seeing what you will become.”

In a final flash of energy and light, the First Sage’s Record Fragment turned back into the form of a book. There was no grand explosion or shockwave when it was complete, but that didn’t mean the book felt any weaker. In fact, it felt pretty damn intimidating to even try opening.

Jake looked at the book but didn’t immediately reach for it as he bowed toward it instead. “Thanks for everything.”

He knew he wouldn’t have time to delve into what the First Sage had left him as the vision was rapidly coming to an end. The world created by the First Sage’s Records had already been broken when the First Sage turned himself into the Record Fragment in Jake’s Soulspace, and the only reason why this encounter in the Soulspace had even lasted as long as it did was due to the interference of the First Sage. Which is to say he had not only battled Jake while teaching him, but also stabilized Jake’s Path of the Heretic-Chosen vision, allowing it to last until Jake was done learning.

He really is... was... an absolute monster.

Considering that the vision was coming to an end imminently, Jake exited his Soulspace, knowing that the book would remain as it was. It didn’t even have any lingering intent or anything like that from the First Sage, and Jake knew intuitively that it was made of Records where its Origin had died a long, long time ago.

Jake barely had time to open his eyes as his vision was momentarily filled with white, the world of the vision entirely void of anything as the First Sage was no more. In the very next moment, Jake found himself back in his laboratory in Haven, not even a full second having passed in Realtime since he used Path of the Heretic-Chosen.

That being the case, this had no doubt been the most efficient second Jake had ever spent in his life so far. Looking back, he had really been dumb those moments during the vision where Jake had been afraid he wouldn’t really get much out of it because oh boy, had he been wrong. So, so wrong.

The first thing he had gained was the massive upgrade to Sagacity of the Malefic Viper. It wasn’t just an upgrade from legendary to mythical, but it had even skipped that middle step of top-tier legendary most of his other Legacy of the Malefic Viper skills were sitting at.

Something he hadn’t even considered – probably because he had skipped over the notifications to focus on the First Sage quicker after knocking himself out – was the experience gained from getting that upgrade. This only hammered home further how good of an investment those uses of Path of the Heretic-Chosen had been, as he’d even gotten quite a few levels under his belt.

’DING!’ Profession: [Heretic-Chosen Alchemist of the Malefic Viper] has reached level 301 - Stat points allocated, +35 Free Points

…

’DING!’ Profession: [Heretic-Chosen Alchemist of the Malefic Viper] has reached level 309 - Stat points allocated, +35 Free Points

’DING!’ Race: [Human (C)] has reached level 302 - Stat points allocated, +45 Free Points

…

’DING!’ Race: [Human (C)] has reached level 305 - Stat points allocated, +45 Free Points

To be more exact, Jake had gained 9 levels in his profession from that one skill upgrade. It was likely so extreme because Jake had taken it straight to mythical, but he also had a feeling the First Sage had something to do with it. Experience gained and Records were closely related, and the mere fact the upgrade had happened with the help of the First Sage had to play a role. At least Jake felt like it should count for something.

Closing down the system messages, Jake looked around the laboratory for a bit, feeling as if he’d been gone for such a long time despite the vision not actually lasting that long compared to the random adventures Jake usually went on.

Sighing, Jake stood up and went back up to the lodge. He felt an odd mixture of being fully refreshed yet also mentally tired, as he needed a bit to himself to digest everything that had just gone down. He also had to get back into his Soulspace to check out the book, but he purposefully delayed that a little for him to be fully calm and back in the right mind.

Back up in the lodge, Jake went out the door and over to the small pond. He sat down at the edge of it cross-legged and looked at the water for a while, feeling a bit guilty about scaring off the small eels within. After several minutes, Jake decided to open his status menu, only for him to instantly close it again and take out his void lolipop for a good lick before immediately opening the menu back up.

It’s been a while since I properly went over everything, hasn’t it? Jake asked himself as he checked out his full status for the first time since shortly after Nevermore. A lot of time had passed since then, with Jake experiencing quite a few things, which had naturally also led to its fair share of levels, skill upgrades, and new skills.

Seeing as he was checking out the status properly, Jake compared it to right after Nevermore to better see in which areas he had progressed the most. He did make one change, though, also focusing on how much his resource pools had grown.

Status

The tale has been stolen; if detected on Amazon, report the violation.

Name: Jake Thayne

Race: [Human (C) – 278 --> 305]

Class: [Arcane Hunter of Horizon’s Edge – 289 --> 302]

Profession: [Heretic-Chosen Alchemist of the Malefic Viper – 267 --> 309]

Health Points (HP): 182,060/182,060 --> 295,950/295,950

Mana Points (MP): 401,321/411,484 --> 518,125/518,125

Stamina: 205,651/212,790 --> 294,987/294,987

Stats

Strength: 26170 --> 32997

Agility: 34616 --> 43130

Endurance: 21279 --> 23599

Vitality: 18206 --> 23676

Toughness: 14488 --> 20084

Wisdom: 26335 --> 33160

Intelligence: 22425 --> 26756

Perception: 53661 --> 57278

Willpower: 23267 --> 29986

Free points: 0

Titles: [Forerunner of the New World], [Bloodline Patriarch], [Holder of a Primordial’s True Blessing], [Dungeoneer XV], [Dungeon Pioneer VI], [Prodigious Slayer of the Mighty], [Kingslayer], [Nobility: Duke], [Progenitor of the 93rd Universe], [Prodigious Arcanist], [Perfect Evolution (D-grade)], [Premier Treasure Hunter], [Myth Originator], [Progenitor of Myriad Paths], [Mythical Prodigy], [Perfect Evolution (C-grade)], [Nevermore Challenger All-star], [Peerless Conquerer of Nevermore]

Class Skills: [Superior Stealth Attack (Rare)], [Splitting Arcane Arrow Rain (Epic)], [Archery of Expanding Horizons (Epic)], [Bestial Hunter’s Tracking (Epic)], [Piercing Cursed Arcane Fang (Epic)], [Avaricious Arcane Hunter’s Arrows (Epic)], [Arcane Powershot (Ancient)], [Arcane Awakening (Ancient)], [One Step, Thousand Miles (Ancient)], [Fangs of Man (Ancient)], [Horizon-chasing Big Game Arcane Hunter (Ancient)], [Unblemished Arrows of the Horizon (Ancient)], [Mark of the Horizon-Chasing Arcane Hunter (Ancient)], [Penetrating Arcane Arrow of Horizon’s Edge (Ancient)], [Relentness Hunt of the Avaricious Arcane Hunter (Legendary)], [Arcane Supremacy (Legendary)], [Unseen Hunter Arcane Hunter (Legendary)], [Lone Hunter of Horizon’s Edge (Legendary)], [Protean Arrow of Eternal Horizons (Legendary)], [Timeless Focus of the Apex Hunter (Legendary)], [Eternal Shadow of the Primal Hunter (Mythical)], [Primal Gaze of the Apex Hunter (Mythical)], [Moment of the Primal Hunter (Mythical)]

Profession Skills: [Path of the Heretic-Chosen (Unique)], [Grimoire of the Heretic-Chosen (Unique)], [Alchemist’s Purification (Inferior)], [Alchemical Flame (Common)], [Brew Potion (Uncommon)], [Craft Elixir (Rare)], [Concoct Poison (Rare)], [Soul Ritualism of the Heretic-Chosen Alchemist (Ancient)], [Malefic Viper’s Poison (Ancient)], [Arcane Curse Manifestation (Ancient)], [Blood of the Malefic Viper (Legendary)], [Sense of the Malefic Viper (Legendary)], [Wings of the Malefic Viper (Legendary)], [Touch of the Malefic Viper (Legendary)], [Legacy Teachings of the Heretic-Chosen Alchemist (Legendary)], [Palate of the Malefic Viper (Legendary)], [Pride of the Malefic Viper (Legendary)], [Scales of the Malefic Viper (Legendary)], [Fangs of the Malefic Viper (Legendary)], [Core Manipulation of the Primal Hunter (Legendary)], [Divine Bargain of the Malefic Viper (Mythical)], [Sagacity of the Malefic Viper (Mythical)]

Blessing: [True Blessing of the Malefic Viper (Blessing - True)]

Race Skills: [Endless Tongues of the Myriad Races (Unique)], [Legacy of Man (Unique)], [Wisdom of the Hunter (Unique)], [Identify (Rare)], [Serene Soul Meditation (Epic)], [Anomalous Arcane Soul (Mythical)], [Shroud of the Primordial (Divine)]

Bloodline: [Bloodline of the Primal Hunter (Bloodline Ability - Unique)]

Jake read through the long status – one that hadn’t really grown in length that much since the last time, as he’d only gotten one entirely new skill. Then again, he’d only had two skill selections as he’d gotten just under thirty levels, with one of them granting him a skill that merged with another to form Divine Bargain of the Malefic Viper.

Looking at it, Jake had also gained more levels in his profession than his class by a fair margin, with his First Sage encounter only increasing the disparity in growth. Looking at just how many profession levels he had gotten over such a short amount of time, it was honestly absurd. Especially when one considers Jake had spent a significant amount of this period suffering from severe soul damage.

He’d gained 42 levels in what, a couple of years? It was bonkers under any kind of usual circumstances and really showed that whatever had gone down during this time truly was the opposite of usual circumstances.

He had been a good little Chosen and helped his Patron lure in and slay Yip of Yore, immediately followed that up by invading Ell’Hakan’s planet and killing him, to now having this meeting with the First Sage. Calling this period eventful would be an understatement.

These many levels had naturally resulted in quite a few stats gained across the board, especially in the stats where he’d upgraded a Malefic Viper Legacy skill. Besides that, the stats his profession gave to had naturally grown the most, though Perception and a few other physical stats had followed along well.

Regarding Free Points, Jake still put them all into Agility and Strength with an even split between the two. Seeing as Jake was very much a hybrid kind of fighter who used both magic and his physical abilities, he was afraid of his Agility and Strength falling behind others, and so far, he hadn’t been disappointed with this choice of Free Point investment... though it did hurt a bit not to see his Perception increase by as much as it could.

At least he still had the void lollipop of infinite Perception to get at least a few bonus stats to Perception, constantly keeping his elixir quota filled. He did begin to consider if maybe it was time to go full Perception again soon, though...

Moving on. Looking at his three resource pools, Jake was happy by how much the three of them had all grown, especially his health points and stamina that’d gotten that sweet 25% bonus from Anomalous Arcane Soul.

Having larger resource pools didn’t mean Jake was automatically stronger, but it did increase his longevity in battle significantly. Jake also felt that with his recent upgrade to his soul, he would be able to handle using his boosting skill even more, so having more resources to burn through was definitely a boon.

His health points increasing so much also made Jake consider certain possibilities... ones he had considered for a while when thinking about which direction he wanted to take his Blood of the Malefic Viper upgrade, as that and Fangs of the Malefic Viper still needed to get upgraded as the last two Malefic Viper Legacy skills.

Speaking of skill upgrades...

Jake made sure to highlight all the skills that had changed since last he checked, and while not overly many skills had upgraded or improved, all of the improvements had been pretty huge. Jake had upgraded three more skills to mythical rarity, with the rest all getting upgraded to legendary – a feat made a bit less impressive by the fact the Malefic Viper Legacy skills had unchanged rarities. In total, he’d gained four mythical skills with Divine Bargain being formed, the rarity really beginning to feel a lot more “normal” to Jake now.

In his class, he had also gained some great upgrades, and looking at them, they were all related to Jake’s fight with Ell’Hakan, either from happening during the fight or because Jake upgraded the skill to prepare for the fight. Well, alright, Lone Hunter had come from a skill selection, but Jake didn’t count that as an upgrade, and he had used it during his fight with Ell’Hakan, so it still counted.

Finally, for the very first time, Jake had added a skill to his race skills section. Every other skill there had been granted in some way or another, but this time around, Jake had been the one who’d made it so that it was part of his race.

He did have some questions about what it meant for the skill to be a race skill now rather than a profession one, and he would be sure to ask Villy about that later as they would definitely have an in-depth talk very soon... but before that, Jake naturally had to go look at one last thing.

It would be impolite to show up to a meeting with Villy without even knowing what the final gift he’d been given by the First Sage was all about, right? Sure, the First Sage had said Jake should reconsider if he wanted to share anything he learned, but Jake still had to know if it was something he wanted to discuss despite the old man’s words.

Closing down his status menu, happy with his recent growth, Jake shut his eyes as he reentered his Soulspace once more.

Manifesting his body within, Jake couldn’t help but smile as everything came into view. The seemingly infinite forest stretched further than he could see, and Jake knew that should he travel in any direction, the world would simply expand to accommodate him. He walked a Path where he pursued an endlessly expanding horizon, so how could he possibly reach the end of his own Soulspace?

Compared to before, Jake felt way more at home within his own Soulspace, and from the looks of it, the Eternal Shadow was also chilling, having found its own nice little hiding spot.

Turning his attention to the reason why he’d entered the Soulspace, Jake appeared in front of the table with the book still on it. With a thought, Jake chose to construct a wooden building around the book to house it, making it into a small library of sorts.

When he was satisfied, Jake sat down in front of the book and really studied it. The cover was off-white with a tinge of yellow that old white objects tended to get. There was still no title on the cover, but Jake felt like this had more to do with Jake not knowing what the title should be than anything else.

With a careful approach, Jake reached out and slowly opened the book. The moment he did, a faint light was emitted and entered his body as a bit of knowledge from the bibliography of the tome was given for free as an introduction it seemed.

Immediately, he knew that fully studying this book wouldn’t be a quick endeavor, and he was far from qualified to understand all of it in his current state. Despite it only looking to be a few hundred pages, the book contained far more than that, with it being filled with actual writing mixed with energy patterns for Jake to analyze and unlock, seals he could unseal by understanding prior sections serving as small tests, and many more things Jake had yet to uncover.

Unable to stop himself, Jake turned to the first page, where he was instantly met with his first “test.”

However, it proved to only require Jake to infuse a bit of his energy, proving his soul was powerful enough to unlock the first chapter. As the words appeared on the page, Jake began reading, and he’d barely gotten a single paragraph down before his eyes opened wide as he realized what the book was truly about.

It was all about how to use and upgrade one of the Legacy skills created by the First Sage... and if he understood what he read correctly, this was a massive fucking bombshell of knowledge...

Because, unknowingly, Jake already had one of the First Sage’s Legacy skills.




***
Chapter 1052: Bombshells


***






According to many scholars in Paths, Legacy skills likely made up the majority of all skills in the entire multiverse. From huge divine factions having an untold number who walked Paths entirely made up of Legacy skills to a master with a single disciple to pass down aspects of his Path. It wasn’t odd for someone from the Holy Church or an assassin trained by the Court of Shadows to have more than ninety percent of all their skills be Legacy skills.

The skills were rarely – if ever – only from a single individual, though. As a way to combat the negative aspects of someone only inheriting the Path of a single other individual, Legacies from entire Pantheons were instead given, allowing those capable to pick and choose from all the different Legacies, ultimately forging their own Path.

A good example of this could even be seen with the Order of the Malefic Viper. Nearly every alchemist had Palate of the Malefic Viper, with many also wanting at least a few more due to the synergistic effects of the Malefic Viper Legacy skills, but they rarely ever had more than a few. Instead, they had teachers and masters who helped them get other skills, which they mixed with the ones from the Primordial as well as the skills they had formed themselves – a practice the Order actively promoted.

Jake was a bit of an odd example for this as the majority of his Profession skills were related to the Malefic Viper, but that was because he was in a situation where his Patron and the guy who usually gave him advice and taught him was the same person. Not that it had particular negatives as Jake wasn’t merely walking the same Path of the Malefic Viper, was simply using his Patron’s Path to support his own.

Either way, the point was that there was no need to avoid Legacy skills as long as the Paths you learned from didn’t end up entirely overshadowing yours.

Besides, even if one wanted to, they were impossible to avoid...

Especially if the Legacy skill in question was one you had no idea was even a Legacy skill in the first place. Even more so when it was a skill where it made no sense at all that it was a Legacy skill in the first place. At least not from Jake’s point of view.

Back in his Soulspace, he had to take an extra few moments to read that first portion of the book properly to ensure he hadn’t misunderstood the bombshell of knowledge that he was pretty confident would send shockwaves through the multiverse if ever spread.

After double, triple, and quattuordecuple-checking that he hadn’t misunderstood anything, all Jake could do was lean back and mutter to himself.

“Bloody hell...”

Now, If Jake had learned that a skill such as One Step Mile was the Legacy skill of the First Sage, he would have totally believed it. If he was told that one of his alchemy skills, even one of the more basic ones, was actually a Legacy skill, Jake could also readily accept that. Shit, even a skill like Legacy of Man could make some sense as it was about passing down Records and knowledge. Then again, in some ways, one could say Legacy of Man was already one as the First Sage had been human. It was still possible that the original Origin had been the First Sage, though...

However, nothing could have prepared him for the skill it actually was. A skill so innocuous that Jake had never even considered it could be a Legacy skill for even a moment. A skill Jake had with him nearly from the very beginning:

Meditate.

It was a skill Jake had automatically gained upon evolving to E-grade... and a skill that the vast, vast majority of people in E-grade or above possessed throughout the multiverse. From enlightened to monsters, Meditate was known as a basic skill that anyone had. All it really required was for one to be sapient, and you would get it.

And now Jake was staring at a book saying that this was a Legacy skill of the First Sage.

No, not that a variant of Meditate was his Legacy skill. The very concept behind Meditate was bound to the Records and Legacy of the First Sage. Any variants across the multiverse were merely outcrops of what the old man had created, branching off or attempting to build upon what the First Sage had made. All of this while Jake suspected no one had the slightest clue it was a Legacy skill in the first place, much less that its Origin was some old human who died while in C-grade.

Jake also finally understood why the First Sage said Jake should consider keeping this to himself, even from Villy. The old man had also said directly that it was Forbidden Knowledge, meaning that it wasn’t even as if Jake could talk about it with anyone else. However, this only left Jake questioning things more.

Why was it Forbidden Knowledge in the first place? And if it was... why did the system allow the First Sage to tell Jake at all? Villy knowing Forbidden Knowledge made perfect sense as his Bloodline allowed him to remember, but Jake wasn’t like that. All his Bloodline could do was Jake vaguely feel that he had maybe forgotten something, but that’s about it. Yet with the First Sage, it seemed to not bother hiding anything.

Did he do something, maybe? Jake wondered. It didn’t feel like the First Sage had done some weird stuff to allow Jake to know, but needless to say, there was no realistic way to find out. It was also possible that the First Sage was simply aware of the secrets he was allowed to tell Jake, thus having avoided any forbidden topics during their conversation. He did mention a few times that he couldn’t share some things, so that interpretation made a lot of sense, even if it didn’t explain why Jake was allowed to learn what he learned.

It could also be because of the way I’m learning it, Jake also wondered. An explanation that made more sense. Path of the Heretic-Chosen was effectively the system deciding what Jake was allowed to see, and it had allowed him to see the First Sage. Even if the old man had used nineteen Transcendent skills or something dumb like that to set up their meeting, it was ultimately the system that allowed it all to take place.

The more he thought about it, the more certain Jake felt that the reason he was allowed to learn all this was due to the method he used to first hear of the First Sage. His Path in relation to Villy was that of a Heretic-Chosen, someone who viewed himself as an equal to his Patron, and what was more equal than sharing huge secrets? It felt like a flimsy explanation, but clearly, the entire route to Jake eventually meeting the First Sage had started from the Malefic Viper, and the system had even pre-ordained their meeting the day Jake received his boots from the Tutorial Challenge Dungeon.

Shaking his head, Jake turned his attention back toward the tome in front of him. While this meeting with the First Sage had given Jake some answers, it had left him with far more questions. All for later, as for now, he wanted to at least get a rudimentary understanding of how exactly Meditate could be a Legacy skill.

All the basic common rarity version of Meditate did was increase resource regeneration while cutting off all senses from the outside world. Jake had initially compared it to sleeping but later learned it was capable of a lot more – oh, and not as good as sleeping, at least not for Jake. He used the skill all the time to concentrate, courtesy of his Serene Soul Meditation skill that helped calm his mind while in meditation.

Unauthorized usage: this narrative is on Amazon without the author's consent. Report any sightings.

Jake theorized that the basic version of Meditate was indeed just one aspect of the Legacy skill boiled down to its basics. One concept focused to its extreme. A concept that was already pretty damn powerful in the first place.

Reading a bit more in the book, the first chapter did touch on how Meditate worked. Jake had assumed it worked due to system-fuckery, and after having read the explanation, all he could do was nod and agree with himself that whatever the fuck the First Sage had done was pretty much the same shit as system-fuckery. At least if Jake wanted to comprehend the actual underlying concepts and not just get a surface-level understanding.

Anyhow, according to the book, Meditate essentially just stimulated the connection between the concepts that allowed resource pools to passively regenerate – fundamental law controlled and directed by the system - and the resource pools in question, resulting in increased regeneration. The “cost” for this was that the layer of the soul allowing external perception had to be entirely focused on enabling this effect to take place.

However, the First Sage made clear that despite it seeming like a cost, it was, in fact, just a secondary beneficial effect in his book as it allowed one to focus more on the inner world, be that through the movement of energies within the body – the Soulshape – or even the Soulspace for those capable of connecting to that.

Jake read these explanations in the book put on plain text, as he couldn’t help but also question the format of information delivery. Many of the books Jake usually read were mostly glorified audiobooks for any sections of heavy writing, though there were also many instances of it being written normally. Even In those cases, the text tended to be super fucking small, or the pages seemingly expanded when one looked at them, but the book left by the First Sage wasn’t like that.

Instead, it was like the writing in the average book Jake could have found back before the system. Well, besides this one being handwritten, even if the writing was so perfect it could have been a machine with the font also consistent throughout. Jake wondered if this choice of format was due to the First Sage’s past as a normal pre-system human. As a librarian, he would have no doubt read plenty of books, if not perhaps written a few throughout his many years working the job.

Not to say the book was normal in other ways. Just the pages with normal writing on them. There was still plenty of magical bullshit going on with it, especially when one considered that the book was effectively just a representation of Records.

Continuing to read a bit further, Jake was in the zone, trying to really take everything in and internalize whatever he learned. Admittedly, none of it was very useful quite yet if Jake wanted to upgrade his Meditate skill, but Jake wasn’t worried in the slightest as he knew all this was simply laying the foundation for when he would eventually begin to delve deeper into the skill and the ways it could be upgraded.

He also began to understand why the First Sage had left this book to him. Meditate was a skill all about connecting with your inner self and, in concert, one’s soul. It was a skill about regeneration and healing. One of reflection and growth. A truly multi-faceted skill that gave one the ability to understand oneself better, and through that understanding, power could be uncovered.

That’s when Jake remembered something else. He remembered one of his talks with Villy about the Dao Sect and how they apparently had a Meditate skill part of their Legacy that allowed one to gain experience simply by meditating. He also remembered the Sword Saint, who had a meditation skill that allowed him to gain experience when he was doing an odd sword dance... once more just making him realize he had much more to understand about Meditate.

Jake continued reading a little more until he had to stop. He wasn’t in the right mindset to be reading the book right now, as whenever he learned something new, he couldn’t help but be taken aback at just how far the First Sage’s influence had truly spread.

The First Sage was overpowered as fuck. Of that, there was no doubt. He also knew that the old man had left a lot of Records with Villy, who later became a Primordial, his Legacy forever part of the Malefic Viper’s. However, he couldn’t even begin to comprehend the sheer scope of things with these new revelations.

It really was everyone who had Meditate. The system gave it out as a basic skill upon evolution. Didn’t that mean nearly everyone unknowingly carried Records related to the First Sage? That everyone had part of his Legacy? Just how many Records was that? How the hell had he managed to create a skill the system later decided to make this universal?

Closing the book, Jake shook his head. It all felt like too much, and he felt pretty damn confident there were way more shocking revelations just waiting for him. On the one hand, he felt that he could really have done without all this knowledge, but on the other hand, he was incredibly grateful for the First Sage to have left this book to him. To have left a fragment of his own Records... even if the old man probably did have some motive behind it that Jake just wasn’t smart enough to understand. Then again, he didn’t feel confident anyone would be smart enough to outmaneuver that absolute monster.

With the book out of the way, Jake was faced with his next challenge... talking to Villy. He considering doing something else first, but he really shouldn’t delay his discussion with the Primordial more than necessary.

He still had to decide what he wanted to talk about and what he didn’t want to talk about. The biggest topic Jake was split on was obviously the book and the bombshell regarding the Meditate skill, but there were also many other smaller things Jake was doubtful about.

Jake ended up taking a few minutes within his Soulspace to reflect before he decided to just go with the flow on things. He didn’t like keeping secrets from Villy unless he had a good reason to, so Jake also chose to mention the things about Meditate.

Opening his eyes in the real world, Jake gave the eels in the pond a smile and a nod as he stood up and went back into the lodge and down to the lab. Down there, he got things ready before he reached out to the Primordial, and from how quick the answer came, it was pretty obvious the god had been waiting.

The connection was formed, and Villy was the first to speak.

“You met him, huh?”

“Yeah,” Jake spoke out loud with a nod, having already set down a sound isolation barrier, and the small ritual he had made allowed the Viper to hear him speak. He had done it like this partly to know if the system would somehow stop him from physically talking if he wanted to say certain things. He didn’t know if that was a thing, but it was interesting to test.

“That does explain the upgrade to Sagacity. I noticed it immediately when I felt a drain from the drop of blood within you as if the Records were being rapidly extracted, and I don’t know anyone but him who would be capable of triggering something like that. Well, outside of you doing it yourself,” the Malefic Viper spoke.

Jake was silent for a moment, really feeling unsure of how he wanted to approach this entire conversation. “He is definitely the most overpowered individual I’ve ever come across. But... you don’t question that he was even able to directly help me during the vision?”

It wasn’t as if how the visions during Path of the Heretic-Chosen worked was a secret, and the way this vision had gone was entirely different from anything before.

“No, no, not really. I’ve long stopped being surprised about what the First Sage was capable of,” the snake god said with a nostalgic tone.

Jake had originally wanted to save the entire Meditate topic for later, but he felt that the setup was too good, so he decided to just drive right into it.

“Hey... listen, the upgrade to Sagacity wasn’t all this vision gave me,” Jake began.

“I figured as much. Even from here, I feel the lingering Records of the First Sage upon you. He left you with something, didn’t he?”

Jake nodded. “Yeah, a book within my Soulspace. He left a fragment of Records behind as a final act before the vision ended, and it’s this Record Fragment I want to talk about. More specifically, what it’s all about...”

Without further ado, Jake explained what he’d just learned mere minutes earlier. He didn’t get very long before he dropped the bombshell regarding the Meditate skill. After he did, he allowed the Primordial time to speak.

Villy was silent for a few moments, long enough for Jake to question if the god had even heard him or if Jake had somehow gotten censored. However, just before Jake spoke up again. The Viper started laughing. Jake was taken aback as he’d never heard Villy laugh like that before. It was loud and unrestrained, and it took the god a bit before he finally calmed down.

Only to drop a knowledge bombshell of his own.

“So... so it wasn’t just Identify.”




***
Chapter 1053: Recap Time With Villy


***






It was already well-established that the First Sage was overpowered as fuck, yet his level of overpoweredness seemed to have no end.

Jake was silent for several seconds after Villy’s revelation until he also couldn’t help but chuckle at the absurdity of everything. It was truly to the level of just being silly. It also helped Jake even further understand why Villy had never really viewed the First Sage as a “person,” and honestly, Jake had also begun to change his view.

He was more akin to a bug in the system. A natural force that had moved the entire multiverse in a certain direction. He had exploited early and often, taken advantage wherever he could, learning everything there was to learn along the way. At the same time, the system had apparently also been learning from him, creating what would eventually be the two most basic damn skills of the multiverse.

“He really is something,” Jake said, shaking his head as he stopped laughing. “Or was something. Honestly, I’m not sure how to classify him, and it feels weird talking about the First Sage as if he’s some ancient figure from history, considering I just spoke to him.”

“His existence being confusing is only to be expected, as even now I at times find myself perplexed when I recall things he could do,” the Viper joked. “I am also pleasantly surprised that you can even learn that he is the Origin of the Identify skill now. You couldn’t before.”

“I couldn’t?” Jake asked, confused.

“I tried to tell you once, but as it’s considered Forbidden Knowledge, it was censored. However, now it seems that has changed... perhaps not just for you...  just give me a second real quick...”

Villy was silent for a few seconds before he reconnected.

“Nope, still Forbidden Knowledge. Details pertaining to Meditate, too,” the Viper said, Jake not even wanting to know how he’d just tested if it was still Forbidden Knowledge. Okay, he totally knew the Viper had just teleported some random innocent person to him, shared the Forbidden Knowledge, and confirmed the person couldn’t know. As for what he’d done to that person afterward... yeah not something he should think about.

“You know, you seem awfully accepting of the bombshell I just dropped. At least after your initial reaction,” Jake couldn’t help but point out.

“I could say the same about you. You also don’t appear very surprised upon learning that the First Sage is also the original creator of the Identify skill,” the snake god accurately pointed out.

“Well... it seems very on-brand for him,” Jake muttered, also realizing why the Viper wasn’t that taken aback when he reflected on his own lack of surprise. They had both been personally exposed to the ridiculousness of the First Sage, so why would they be overly surprised knowing the man had done something ludicrous? His entire existence was ludicrous in the first place, so whenever Jake heard he had done something else insane, his initial reaction was just: “Yeah, that tracks.”

A feeling perhaps only the two of them in the entire multiverse could share as only they could bond over just how overpowered the First Sage had been.

“I can also feel that this knowledge about Meditate and the Sagacity upgrade weren’t the only things you gained from Master. Through this connection alone, I can feel something has changed with you. You feel more... whole. Did you get an upgrade to your Anomalous Soul skill, allowing it to mutate further?” Villy asked, moving the conversation forward.

“It did indeed upgrade,” Jake readily confirmed as he scratched the back of his head. “The Record Fragment I absorbed manifested into an image of the First Sage within my Soulspace and proceeded to beat the living shit out of me until I learned how to not get beaten up anymore.”

“One must admire Master’s ability to change his teaching style according to the one he’s teaching,” Villy chuckled. “I do wonder... why did he even agree to help you? Can you tell me more about what happened during this vision?”

Jake nodded as he began to narrate everything that had gone down right from the moment he appeared in the town the First Sage hailed from. From the beginning, Jake’s narration got incredibly slow as Villy asked incredibly in-depth questions about things Jake would usually consider unimportant, such as the layout of the First Sage’s house and over-descriptions of everything in the entire city Jake had seen.

After some time, Jake understood why the Viper wanted to know so badly... because he’d never actually seen where the First Sage lived before the system. He’d never seen the library the First Sage held so dear or known many of the things the First Sage had told Jake during the walk down memory lane they had. Villy had known some things here and there, also aware of many things Jake wasn’t, but never had he gotten such a comprehensive history of the First Sage.

The more time passed, the more assured Jake became that the First Sage hadn’t just shared what he did to engrain his Records in Jake’s memory but because he knew all of it would eventually funnel back to the Malefic Viper. Perhaps he wanted the Primordial to remember, considering he couldn’t forget anything, or maybe he was just doing his disciple a favor. Either or, Jake gladly shared everything, leaving very few details out as he went over his entire encounter with the First Sage.

Jake also made sure to share the advice the First Sage had regarding getting over the feeling of loss. How one should instead focus on having a goal while finding comfort in that as long as one was alive, the memories – and thus Records - of those one held dear would also live on. It was basic sappy advice that Jake felt didn’t really resonate much with the Viper, as he definitely already had his own ways of coping or already knew. Still, Jake wanted to share it, and he also shared some of his own thoughts.

“I am ninety-nine percent sure the reason he wanted to die wasn’t actually because of how he struggled with his memories,” Jake said. “Sure, it may have played a minor role, but the true explanation is definitely part of something bigger. Some grand plan of his. He kept talking about how it just had to be that way. What I’m trying to say is that you really have no reason to feel guilty about killing him in the first place.”

“I already halfway knew that there was far more to it, but thank you for confirming,” Villy said after a bit. “Guilt is a weird thing, though. I know he wanted me to kill him; I know it was part of his plan, yet I still feel guilty for having done so. Maybe I just believe like I should feel guilty, and the explanation he wanted to die out of sadness just fit better with that narrative.”

“Yeah, that’s kind of dumb,” Jake shrugged, trying to lighten the mood with his jovial attitude. “Clearly, he didn’t die because he was sad, and let’s be honest, if the old man hadn’t wanted to let you kill him for some grand design of his, he would have turned you into string cheese before you even managed to touch him. I have a very hard time seeing anything kill him unless he wanted them to.”

Unauthorized content usage: if you discover this narrative on Amazon, report the violation.

“True, I guess,” the Malefic Viper said before urging Jake to continue talking about the vision.

All estimates Jake could have had about how long this talk would take were entirely overshot as the two of them spoke for hours upon hours, mainly because Jake had to go into so many details. It was as if the Viper wanted to form very vivid images from Jake’s descriptions so he had an as accurate understanding of what happened as possible.

Jake had totally expected Villy to be utterly shocked when Jake shared the First Sage slaying the Void Dweller, but he seemed to think that was entirely normal and just urged Jake to continue as explanations of how the emptiness of space looked naturally weren’t that interesting.

Soon enough, they reached past the point where Jake had Sagacity had upgraded, and the vision would soon be coming to an end. Villy was a bit surprised when Jake said that the First Sage had effectively killed himself to create the Record Fragment book but didn’t question it further as Jake continued and moved on to what had happened inside his Soulspace.

Surprisingly enough, the Viper didn’t seem very interested in what had gone down within Jake’s Soulspace at all. To Jake, it had been pretty damn impactful, but Villy didn’t care much beyond knowing the result. The god also clarified he knew Jake’s soul had a chance to mutate in the direction it had, but as always wanted Jake to find out himself.

As for Villy never having told Jake to train and get better acquainted with his Soulspace... well, according to the snake god, he had never seen the need to. In his words:

“To me, it wasn’t a question of you hunkering down and working tirelessly on your Soulspace to better understand yourself and find balance, but merely one of time. I don’t even believe it left you vulnerable to images of Records, as should you ever be truly at risk, the Records of your Bloodline would do all it could to survive. Now, the First Sage is a complete outlier who has all the right qualities to push you toward this upgrade. Something I wouldn’t be able to do even if I wanted to,” Villy simply said.

“Would you recommend that I keep practicing and trying to improve the Soulspace further?” Jake questioned.

“I would recommend studying the Record Fragment about the Meditate skill left by the First Sage and try to learn from that before doing anything else with your Soulspace,” the snake god answered. “In fact, I would put it quite far up on your priority list to learn from the First Sage, though I doubt you can learn even a fraction while still in C-grade. I truly believe that in the vast multiverse, there is no better teacher.”

“Not gonna disagree with that one,” Jake nodded, having firsthand experience getting two mythical rarity skills and a book for future study from just one brief encounter.

Soon enough, Jake reached the end of his narration of his vision adventures, right up until the moment the First Sage turned back into the Record Fragment book... at which point the old man had said some words Jake felt a bit awkward passing on, but knew he had to.

“This feels a bit weird, but the First Sage did ask me to pass on a message to you right before he disappeared,” Jake said, taking a deep breath. “He wanted me to tell you that he’s proud of you and proud of what you’ve become.”

It was a brief message that, to some, perhaps even seemed hollow. Yet it carried a lot of meaning, and after Jake said this, the Viper took a moment to himself. Jake remained quiet throughout, giving the snake god all the time he needed before Villy eventually spoke.

“Thanks for passing it on.”

The two of them were quiet once more for a while, Jake trying to remember if he’d forgotten anything important. He had purposefully excluded some tidbits of information here and there and hadn’t shared stuff like the First Sage saying it was good that Villy had a friend and all that, as saying something in that vein would just be too damn awkward.

Villy also clearly wanted a bit of time to digest everything, but soon enough, he restarted the conversation.

“I will say, the First Sage you met does strike me as slightly different to the one I knew and remember. Not in that he’s a different person, but he clearly knows a lot more than even when he died. At least it strikes me that way,” the Malefic Viper said. “Which is quite peculiar. I saw no signs of him having knowledge of the future when I knew him, but during that vision of yours, he clearly knew things that would be impossible to know during the first Era.”

“It has something to do with his Bloodline, right?” Jake asked without much thought.

“That would make the most sense. The question is how it works. One theory I had was that he could read the Records of our time through you and the system because his Records are so omnipresent throughout the universe through Identify and now apparently also Meditate, but some things seem off with that theory. Such as why he didn’t seem to have any knowledge about you, nor did he mention any of your creations you’ve made using your Origin manipulation,” Villy theorized out loud.

“Yeah, I did notice that,” Jake nodded. He also hadn’t purposefully brought any of them up or even mentioned his Primeval Origins abilities during his meeting with the First Sage.

“I guess it doesn’t truly matter how he knows about the future, just that he does... though it does give me some fundamental questions about how the multiverse, the Bloodline, and time works. One thing I do feel fairly confident about is that you caused him to know. You manifested his existence through your Path of the Heretic-Chosen, setting everything into motion,” the Viper continued.

Jake slowly nodded along, having already had thoughts that was the case, though he did bring up that it wasn’t entirely him. “I would say this seems like part of some bigger plot, though. I got the boots that the First Sage used to reach out and set up this meeting as a reward from the system, and I seriously doubt that’s just some big coincidence.”

“True,” the snake god agreed. “It’s all kind of exciting, isn’t it? All very mysterious. I must say, I doubt many – if any – other gods can brag about their C-grade Chosen somehow unveiling fundamental truths of the multiverse and creating genuine intrigue for their gods.”

“What can I say? I’m just built different,” Jake grinned. “And now better than ever after my soul upgrade.”

“Indeed,” the god chuckled before turning a bit more serious. “Now, while I feel fairly confident all knowledge related to the First Sage is considered Forbidden Knowledge, I would still be careful and avoid speaking about him and your recent encounter. Not even what you’ve learned. Especially be careful around that follower of Oras.”

“Arnold?” Jake asked, confused. “Why?”

“The only two people I know for sure have knowledge of the First Sage and his secrets are us. However, I cannot rule out that the Void Gods may also be aware of his existence. While I doubt the C-grade human will be allowed to know Forbidden Knowledge, I know that one of the primary reasons Oras even blesses people in the first place is to better connect to and perceive the material plane, making it not a stretch to assume he will be able to hear and see through those blessed,” Villy explained, giving Jake some food for thought.

And with good timing, too, as Jake’s immediate plan after talking with Villy was actually to stop by Arnold and discuss his bow, which was in a pretty bad state after his fight with Ell’Hakan.

“Any other warnings I should keep in mind?” Jake asked.

“Not really, no. Just keep trucking along and do remember to study the Records left by Master, especially the knowledge regarding healing your soul and thus Palete. While I’m looking into methods to fix it, no solution I can offer is better than one found through your own effort. Oh, and of course, don’t even think about evolving to B-grade before Palate is fully healed,” the Viper reiterated a warning the First Sage had also given.

“I know,” Jake sighed.

“Good. Now, I’ll let you get back to things, and I also have some ideas and thoughts I need to fully digest. When your system event is over, we can have a proper sit-down as we do have some more things to discuss, but I prefer to do so in person,” Villy said.

“Sure thing,” Jake nodded. “Any final advice before I set off? Perhaps ones pertaining to me soon invading the Holy Church’s territory?”

“Refining the bodies of Holy Church members into alchemical ingredients tends to create horrible materials as the holy affinity doesn’t mix well with the Order’s alchemy methods.”

“Very useful, thank you,” Jake said in a deadpan tone while shaking his head.

After a final goodbye and agreement to talk again later, Jake got up and prepared to go find Arnold to hear if he had some ideas regarding his semi-broken bow. As he was heading up toward the lodge, he also considered how everything was progressing in the Milky Way galaxy, as while the vision itself hadn’t taken much Realtime, the talk with Villy sure hadn’t been a short one.

I should also contact Carmen... Bertram did recommend having her as a potential backup when I invade the Holy Church’s territory.




***
Chapter 1054: Bow Quest


***






“This place really is shabby compared to Bobby’s planet,” Carmen muttered as she walked through the small city with Sven, the City Leader of the place. She had just returned to Earth only about an hour ago, and in all honesty, she didn’t really wanna be there. At least she had one person she actually liked around, as on her other side walking with them was Pam, the City Leader of the town Carmen had claimed the Pylon of Civilization to create once upon a time.

“We are effectively just an outpost here on this planet, so we can’t lean too hard into the ways of Valhal unless we want to scare visitors off,” Sven said, shaking his head.

“See, I would argue the opposite. We would have way more visitors if it was more like over there,” Carmen insisted.

“Most people don’t like getting drop-kicked by other customers while out shopping,” Pam said, shaking her head.

“Why not? Seems like a fair way to decide who gets the last item,” Carmen shrugged with a toothy smile. “But I guess I get your point. Still, we should make it more like Valhal for them to really get the culture so people can see if it’ll be a fit for them. That way, we will at least avoid them feeling too out of water while visiting actual Valhal territory.”

“That is the plan, but it will take some time, and for now, we are still working on properly reestablishing a connection with other surrounding City Leaders,” Sven explained. “Our ploy of acting as if we are fully on the side of Yip of Yore lost us a lot of allies and had many show apprehension about even approaching us, and while they are all coming back now, these things take time, and we need to establish a lot of contracts... this time with far better terms for us.”

Carmen just nodded along, not really caring much as she looked at Pam. “Damn was it a good choice to make you the City Leader so you can deal with all that shit.”

“It’s not like I’m really dealing with it either,” Pam sighed. “There’s more competent people handling that. Who would have thought that thoughtlessly giving the City Leader position to the one person you knew wouldn’t necessarily get you a competent leader?”

“Hey, it worked out for Jake,” Carmen argued.

“Miranda wasn’t a boxing coach but someone with at least some level of managerial experience. Plus, she actually cares about being a leader while I just misappropriate funds to make the gym I actually spend my time running better,” Pam said shamelessly.

“Funnily enough, that seems more in line with the Valhal culture than Sven and his contracts,” Carmen semi-joked. She was totally on board with Pam’s actions as the gym had actually turned out quite nice based on the last time she visited.

Sven just shook his head and didn’t argue or comment as the three of them headed toward the main office where they would be having a meeting with a bunch of all the City Leaders Leaders who were affiliated with Valhal.

During all the scheming and all that bullshit, Valhal had indeed taken a hit to their presence on Earth, but they hadn’t actually lost control of any cities. They had pulled back and lost some citizens, sure, but no one had dared move too aggressively toward a faction known for being fighting fanatics. Now they were ready to make a full comeback as it was now clear to all that they had been on the “right” side all along and that there was a strong bond between the World Leader and their faction.

Miranda had also sent out clear communication that Valhal had been in on the Malefic Viper’s plan and all his scheming, leading to an instant resurgence of their reputation on Earth. The top brass of Valhal naturally jumped at the opportunity to better establish themselves on a planet that had quickly become an important strategic location in the ninety-third universe.

Earth was a planet where so many talents who were sure to make a big name for themselves in the future hailed from. To make it even more important in Valhal’s eyes, a lot of these individuals were humans. Jake, Jake’s brother, herself, Maria, the Augur, Sword Saint, Arnold, and even people like William and Miranda. There were so many extraordinary individuals from Earth alone, so why wouldn’t Valhal want to establish themselves there?

It wasn’t a stretch to believe more talented people would also be born in the future, and even now, the average fighter was a lot stronger than the average on other planets. The average level was also surprisingly high, and from the looks of it, people just kept progressing, meeting walls far later than expected, truly hammering home the absolutely overflowing Records of the planet.

Every large faction knew this and wanted a presence if they could, which was naturally part of the reason many had sent people to “help” Earth during Jake’s Chosen ceremony.

In truth, Carmen didn’t care much about all the politics. She would leave that for the people who knew what they were doing and actually gave a shit. All she cared about was not being ostracized on her own planet and having freedom of movement, and as things were looking, she would have that and more.

The same couldn’t be said about some other factions. Many of the faction outposts established by the immigrants from other factions were heavily limited in influence, with them being granted their own little “countries” being in the talks. From how Sven put it, every faction would essentially end up with their own passports and territory, with Valhal looking like it would have a top-tier passport, only below those officially part of Jake’s faction and equal to the Court of Shadows.

Speaking of the Court of Shadows, Carmen could only imagine they were happy with how they’d hedged their bets so far. Same for the Golden Road Emperium – the merchant faction Sultan and most of the other big merchants of Earth now belonged to. They had backed Jake or at least stayed neutral from the very beginning and were now reaping the profits for their belief.

Meanwhile, the Holy Church had to be kicking themselves for being such assholes. If only they didn’t have such a hate boner for the Risen and vampires, they would definitely also have had their own country at the end of everything, but now it looked as if they would be lucky if they managed to get a single building to use as an embassy.

The story has been illicitly taken; should you find it on Amazon, report the infringement.

Especially after what was about to happen. Because, just before Carmen entered the meeting with all of the City Leaders from Valhal, she got a message sent by Miranda on account of Jake. One that made her smile from ear to ear.

“It’s with great sadness I inform you two that I’ve been called for something more important. The World Leader requires my presence,” Carmen said, not even trying to hide how happy she was to have the perfect excuse to bail on what would no doubt be an incredibly boring few hours of sitting in a meeting she didn’t care about in the first place.

“Oh?” Pam said, flashing a teasing smile. “Running off to your boyfriend, now are you?”

“Piss off,” Carmen said, waving off the older woman.

“The higher-ups definitely wouldn’t complain if-“

“Yeah, no, not interested, and it’s not gonna happen,” Carmen cut off Sven. “Anywho, I’m off.”

“Well, if you just decided to get a-“

“Sven, I’m going to tear your arms off and make you eat them if you finish that sentence,” Carmen said, not at all joking.

The warrior shut up as Carmen turned around and quickly left the office building, having successfully escaped the boring political meeting.

When Jake spoke to Miranda when he returned to Earth after killing Ell’Hakan, she had mentioned that Arnold was back in his workshop and didn’t particularly want to be disturbed – something he had kind of forgotten, but in his defense, it felt like years ago he’d been told even if it was not even a day ago to everyone else. Luckily, she reminded Jake as he contacted her on the way to Arnold, asking her to get in touch with Carmen as he had to ask her about his upcoming Holy Church trip, and he didn’t even know if she was even on the planet currently.

Jake naturally respected the scientist and thus didn’t barge in but actually used the main entrance without hiding his presence. He entered the massive dome-shaped structure and was soon met by the receptionist or assistant or whatever she was. Jake didn’t know her name or anything about her really, but she had worked there for many years. It was understandable why Arnold liked having her around, though.

She clearly didn’t care much about getting to know Jake either and gladly had him sit and wait for twenty minutes after she informed Arnold Jake was there. Something he did without complaint as he made good use of any downtime he had by closing his eyes and playing around in his Soulspace a bit.

After he was given the go-ahead, Jake entered the workshop and headed down to where he saw Arnold through his sphere. The scientist was busy as always, working on some weird tech Jake didn’t even bother trying to understand.

“Hey Arnold, I hope I’m not disturbing you too much,” Jake said as he walked in, the scientist not even turning to look at him.

“What do you need?” he just asked, knowing Jake so well.

“The thing is, my bow is feeling a bit under the weather, and I’m about to go invade the main planet of the biggest faction in the multiverse in our galaxy, and it would really suck if I couldn’t even shoot arrows at them if they decided to be dicks during my visit,” Jake said with a smile.

“I’m not a bowyer,” Arnold simply said with a deadpan tone.

“I know, I know, but you’re still my best hope of getting anything halfway useful,” Jake said. Okay, he did have a few more options, but he did believe that there was a good chance Arnold had something lying around.

Arnold finally turned around, having finished tinkering with the weird motherboard-looking thing on the table, as he regarded Jake. “I don’t have any bows and have never had the intention to make one. According to all calculations, a bow would lead to a lesser output in all scenarios compared to other methods.”

“Hey, don’t go flaming bows,” Jake said, crossing his arms.

“Bows require physical exertion. It’s a waste of energy to make a construct wield a bow and not simply install a more efficient propulsion device should I wish to shoot physical projectiles,” Arnold answered, his words a bit offensive to Jake’s sensibilities even if he understood.

It probably did make more sense for Arnold just to make a railgun or some shit, having everything run off magic rather than make a robot capable of shooting with a bow. It was a glaring weakness in Arnold’s Path, but no one could be perfect, and Jake could only accept the scientist’s shortcomings.

“So you don’t have anything?” Jake asked, a bit disappointed.

“No bows, no,” Arnold shook his head. “I’m also not ready to provide you with any more upgrades in other areas. Other projects have fallen behind due to recent events, leading to unintended delays I have yet to make up for.”

“Alright... alright,” Jake sighed, wondering what he should do now. Maybe he should go look for some merchants and try to get a good bow from them? It definitely sucked that their universe was still locked out of the rest of the multiverse due to the system event, as if not, he could have gone somewhere with actually skilled crafters that could either help him get a new bow or preferably help upgrade his old one.

As things were, Jake was simply too ahead of the curve for their small galaxy to have what he needed, and there was no way he was going to find a skilled bowyer capable of-

“Why have you not sought out Maria from the Crimson Flame?” Arnold suddenly asked.

“... oh yeah, she was totally a bowyer, wasn’t she?” Jake muttered to himself, having totally forgotten what her profession was. In his mind, she always just registered as the one other enlightened person on the planet who knew bows were the best weapon. It did make sense she also knew how to make them, and he did have a bow made by her for a while.

“She is,” Arnold nodded, not really having caught that Jake’s question was rhetorical.

“Thanks for reminding me,” Jake smiled, giving Arnold a thumbs up. “I knew it was a good idea to go here first. Ah, but one last thing... out of curiosity, how many mythical skills do you have by now?”

“Six,” the scientist responded without hesitation, making Jake’s eyes open wide.

“How the fuck have you tied me?” he blurted out before he quickly remembered something. “One of them is a skill you got from your Blessing from Oras, right?”

“Correct,” the man confirmed, making Jake breathe out a sigh of relief because that one totally didn’t count, and if it did, Jake would also be able to count his divine skill.

“I’m still winning, then,” Jake said triumphantly with a big smile.

“I was unaware any form of competition took place,” Arnold responded with his usual tone.

“Not an official one, but if it did, I would have won it,” Jake still claimed victory nevertheless. “Anyway, thanks for the tip, and I’ll let you get back to your work. Ah, but one thing, I may need your help a bit later. I plan on heading to the main planet controlled by the Holy Church and would like to also keep at least one person in backup while I’m there in case I need support.”

“Very well,” Arnold nodded, not asking for any details or complaining about Jake giving him more work.

With that, he left and also said goodbye to the personal assistant on the way out. As he left, he couldn’t help but once more think about just how scarily talented Arnold was. The guy didn’t have a First Sage to teach him, and he also got the feeling Oras wasn’t the most hands-on Patron, so he had more or less made all his insane progress on his own.

Just happy he’s on my side, Jake thought, also reminding himself to bring the scientist more stuff to experiment with. Best to stay on his good side lest Jake wanted to deal with orbital bombardment beams and void lasers shooting from a few galaxies away in the future.

Outside of Arnold’s workshop, Jake decided to enter stealth as Jake continued his quest for a bow, with his first task being to find where the hell Maria was currently at so she could hopefully lend him a hand... or, better yet, an entire bow.




***
Chapter 1055: Construction Site Inspection


***






Locating Maria proved more problematic than Jake had first assumed. He naturally started by asking Miranda if she knew where the fire archer was at or had a way to contact her, and she did as Maria carried one of Arnold’s walkie-talkies.

So that was good.

However, when Miranda tried to reach out, she went straight to voicemail. Okay, there wasn’t actually any kind of voicemail; the device just never established any connection, meaning Maria wasn’t answering for some reason.

So that was bad.

Luckily, it was known Maria had gone hunting earlier that day, and she had even done so on Earth, so they had a rough estimate for her location.

Back to being good!

The place she’d headed was one where a dungeon had been located just recently, one that was definitely one of the highest-level ones on the planet, with a requirement of 300 to enter, and she had, in part, gone to check out the dungeon and report back what the place was all about... after snatching up the Pioneer title for having the first clear, of course.

Now it was suddenly back to being very bad... as one very good explanation for her not answering would be if she was currently inside the dungeon. If that was the case, she could easily be in there for weeks, if not over a month, dependent on how difficult it turned out to be. Far too long a wait for Jake.

Jake had been ready to head out to where Maria should be, but he quickly concluded she was in a dungeon – something Miranda tentatively agreed with – meaning that would just be wasting his time. That’s when he got an idea of the one way he could potentially still reach her, even if she was inside a dungeon.

Without further ado, Jake reached back out to Miranda.

“Are there any other members of the Crimson Flame besides Maria on Earth or just in our budding alliance?” Jake asked, his plan pretty simple. If Jake and the other mortals couldn’t reach him, surely her Patron had to be capable, right?

Also, sure, Jake could ask Villy to reach out, but he wanted to avoid that if possible. If he had the Malefic Viper act directly, it could be easily interpreted as Gwyndyr doing the Viper a favor and not just Jake acting like his usual spoiled self and ignoring regular conventions of how a Chosen was supposed to act.

“Let me check...” Miranda said as she was silent for a good ten seconds before she got back. “Two others beside Maria, both of them blessed by other members of the Crimson Flame Pantheon. Neither of the two are natives of Earth, but both are currently assisting us in wiping out the remaining loyalists of Ell’Hakan. Contacting them should be easy enough.”

“Great,” Jake said with a smile. “Can you reach out to them and ask if it’s possible to contact their Patrons with a message from the Chosen of the Malefic Viper? Say that I urgently need to meet with Maria and may need a divine message to reach her.”

“Do I need to tell you that it may be unwise to involve gods just because you want her to help you to get a new bow?” Miranda shot back.

“Nah, you don’t. Anyway, will you reach out to those two?” Jake smirked.

“Already sent Lillian to do it,” Miranda sighed, knowing Jake so well.

Having sent that message, Jake knew it would take a little while for Maria to get the message, and if she was inside a dungeon, getting out of it again also wouldn’t be instant. Jake considered heading to the dungeon in question, but he didn’t actually know where exactly it was, and chances were it would be faster for Maria just to get back herself than Jake trying to find her.

With some time on his hands, Jake decided to go check out something this entire dungeon thing had kind of reminded him of. He totally hadn’t forgotten that Jake and the rest of Earth currently had a dungeon under construction – and quite a large one at that.

Jake headed out from Haven and toward a small budding city that was slowly being built, centered around a certain dungeon. One that was currently being constructed by a certain someone Jake should really go check in on, lest the frightening All-God Legion get mad at him.

It didn’t take long to get to the town that only had about five hundred people when they began construction, but the second Jake appeared, it became clear it now had at least ten to twenty times that.

This was deep in the territory controlled by the Noboru Clan, and the mountainous terrain had quickly gotten filled out with structures as many of the factions with a presence on Earth also wanted to let themselves known in a place that would no doubt become an important gathering place on the planet in the future.

Jake didn’t really care much for any of this, though. He had gone to the city already in full stealth mode, and he had no plans of revealing himself to anyone but Minaga.

The construction site looked much like it had when Jake initially put down his statue there all that time ago. It was still a wide open area with no one allowed to build in a large area around it, and a magic barrier to detect anything intruding had even been put down to keep the area clear.

From the looks of it, there definitely wasn’t an entrance to the dungeon quite yet, but Jake still felt the vague presence of Minaga upon the statue. Assuming he could still be contacted through it like when they began construction, Jake quickly snuck into the barrier, quite easily passing through it without even being noticed.

Once inside the magic circle, Jake subtly created a stable arcane barrier so as to not be disturbed or noticed when he hopefully had a little chat with Minaga. There likely would not be an official entrance to the dungeon before it was fully finished, but Jake still knew the Unique Lifeform detected Jake the second he entered the area.

Yet nothing happened as Jake just stood there for a solid ten seconds before he stopped shuffling around impatiently.

“Minaga?” Jake asked out loud, still clearly feeling himself being observed by something unseen. “I kind of know you’re here. You can’t really be anywhere else.”

“You don’t know that. Maybe Minaga left because he felt alone and forgotten.”

“Nah, Minaga is a strong and independent god. I doubt he would even notice if left alone for a few thousand years,” Jake waved off the notion.

“Not all Minagas are the same, and some of them can totally get lonely... especially when they’re cut off from all the other Minagas except the ones they’re already trapped with,” the Unique Lifeform spoke again, still refusing to reveal his projected form.

Enjoying the story? Show your support by reading it on the official site.

“This is the middle of a city, though, and Minaga should be able to at least sense the area around where he’s making his Labyrinth. So he really shouldn’t get lonely with so much company around,” Jake argued.

“... yeah, but what if they’re all super boring and don’t really count as proper company?”

“Well, I’m sorry that normal people are normal,” Jake said, shaking his head. “Oh well, I guess I should leave if Minaga isn’t interested in talking. I would have loved to hear all about how the best and most talented dungeon engineer in the entire multiverse was doing creating this marvel of a labyrinth.”

“If you insist, I can ask for the project leader to update you on the progress,” Minaga quickly said, and after having his ego glazed, instantly summoned a projection as the god appeared with a bright smile on his lips.

“To be clear, I do find it rather rude to just leave me alone like that for so long,” he said first thing, crossing his arms. His voice was also still infused with power, but Jake noticed it was of a different variety than usual. Rather than make his voice louder or more intimidating, it was instead infused with the intent to make it more directed, making anything he said only something Jake could hear. If it was necessary or not with Jake’s barrier, he didn’t know, but he doubted it could hurt.

“Yeah, not gonna lie, things have been pretty damn busy between the Prima Guardian event and everything that went down with Yip of Yore and Ell’Hakan,” Jake said, not really apologizing as he felt like his absence had been well justified. He also knew speaking about the First Sage would be a waste of time, so he didn’t mention his recent vision adventures.

“Did hear chatter you killed the Prima Guardian and stuff,” Minaga said casually. “Totally a bummer system event, by the way. Feels super weird being cut off from all of the other mes in other universes when it’s not even like I’m stuck in a dungeon or anything like that. Not that I will be stuck in this dungeon when it’s completed. Sure, I can’t leave it, ever, but at least my consciousness won’t be sealed away, so that’s something.”

“That is something indeed,” Jake nodded. Minaga remaining in tune with his other selves was halfway a requirement for this special mega Minaga Labyrinth to work, as said labyrinth would require him to send clones in the future to help maintain it.

“Anyway, what was that about Yip of Yore? He finally got his act together and decided to not try and fight a Primordial before at least taking down a few more gods to properly build his legend rather than trying to go for the final boss right from the get-go?” Minaga asked, the question confusing Jake quite a bit.

“I thought you had listened in on the city residents and stayed up to date with things?”

“Eh, at most, I picked up a little here and there, but as I said, they’re super boring and it does take some focus to observe the outside world. Definitely not worth it just to hear more about builders talking about bricks,” Minaga shrugged. “Why? I get the vibe that something big finally happened.”

“Well... I kind of teamed up with Valhal and Yip of Yore’s side and openly insulted and called out my Patron to the entire multiverse. Called him a manipulative piece of shit and a stain on the history of the multiverse, among other things. Was a pretty big deal,” Jake said.

Minaga stared at Jake for a few seconds. “You’re messing with me, right? You must be because you’re still his Chosen.”

“Not messing with you whatsoever,” Jake answered with a smile. “But I am definitely teasing you. It was all part of the Viper’s plan to really make Yip of Yore think he had a big advantage... oh yeah, this roasting session of the Viper happened with Yip of Yore present over Primordial-4, having slaughtered his way there in a quest to finally fight the Malefic Viper. Something he did shortly after.”

“Huh, I really did miss out on stuff... or, well, this Minaga did,” the Unique Lifeform said before sighing loudly. “So... Yip of Yore is dead. He was a talented one and it’s kind of sad to see him go. He could have gone far if he’d been more patient and know how to temper his ambition.”

“Can’t say I’ll shed any tears,” Jake shrugged. “Anyway, with Yip dead, I went straight for Ell’Hakan, who’d done a ritual with the help of the Holy Church to become a Usurper. The fight was a bit tougher than expected as the guy was dangerously delusional, but I got him in the end.”

Minaga looked surprised as he thought for a bit. “I really shouldn’t comment or get involved in all that stuff... but I take it the Holy Church are kind of pissed you took out the guy before they could make use of him?”

“It’s a bit more complicated than that,” Jake sighed, briefly explaining how the soul had been stolen and all that.

“Does sound like a messy situation indeed,” Minaga nodded. “Oh well, nice to hear stuff has been fun for you recently, and for the record, I definitely won’t feel sad that little manipulator got killed. I found his Bloodline super creepy. Anyway, now onto something far more important... the labyrinth!”

Minaga spread out his arms in a grand gesture as he grinned.

“It’s not done yet.”

“I... I know it isn’t, but how is the progress?” Jake asked, not really sure if he would get a serious answer.

“It’s as expected. I’m pretty good at this, you know? Even if this is my first time making a dungeon in this particular fashion. But I’m really making some cool stuff here and even trying out some new things, so keep your expectations high!” Minaga said, not explaining much while still trying to hype Jake up. “Oh, and before you ask, no, I’m not going to commit to any deadlines. I never keep them, and I don’t care for them. It’s ready when it’s ready, period.”

“Can you at least give me a rough estimate?” Jake asked with a sigh. “Will I be able to experience it while in C-grade, or will I be B-grade before it’s done?”

“Now that’s just cruel. How would I know when you’ll evolve? Based on your speed so far, you could be B-grade in a couple of years, for all I know. Or, you know, you could get stuck on your evolution quests for a century or two,” Minaga said with crossed arms.

“So you’re committing to it being done within a century?” Jake asked teasingly.

“... you’re really putting me on the spot here, but I can give a temporary estimate that it will be done within the next 100 years. No promises, though! My work always suffers under pressure, and in my defense, I’m used to working on timelines roughly the length of how long this universe has existed,” Minaga kind of gave a commitment.

“Fair, fair,” Jake said, though he really hoped the Unique Lifeform wouldn’t actually take a full century to finish the dungeon. He didn’t think Minaga would take that long either, but all he could really do was wait.

“You’re about to leave again, right?” Minaga asked, knowing Jake so well.

“Yep,” he said with a smile. “Thanks for the update, though. If you really do get bored, I can have some people check in intermittently or maybe come by myself a bit more often... but truthfully, it does kind of feel like a waste when I can’t – and probably shouldn’t – give any feedback or help with anything.”

“It’s fine, it’s fine. The system event is just annoying, and I would like it to be over sooner rather than later,” Minaga waved Jake off. “Now go and have a nice chat with the Holy Church and solve the conflict in the most diplomatic fashion possible.”

“Did you know I also ended up destroying Ell’Hakan’s entire planet?” Jake said with a bright smile.

“... maybe don’t do that this time?”

“I don’t plan on it, but you know, accidents happen when people act carelessly and make bad choices.”

“Sometimes you act like a complete heretic, and at other times, it’s really easy to see you’re the Chosen of the Malefic Viper,” Minaga just shook his head. “Now shoo. Get out of here, and don’t involve me in your war or whatever. You’re not even wearing a hard hat and shouldn’t have entered the construction site to begin with while lacking proper safety equipment. This is a clear safety violation, and I don’t want another unfavorable inspection from health and safety.”

Jake looked at the wide-open area all around him and just chuckled. “Fine, I’ll leave in a safe and orderly fashion. I need to leave anyway, just got a message I had been waiting for.”

“... wait, did you only visit me because you were waiting to hear back from someone and wanted to kill some time?”

“What? No, of course not!” Jake said, acting all offended. “I only visited you because waiting to hear back from someone reminded me you were even here in the first place. Anyway, see ya!”

With those words, Jake headed off, Minaga yelling after him as he left to finally meet up with Maria.

“I’m definitely leaving a mean reference or easter egg about you in the labyrinth! You mark my words!”




***
Chapter 1056: Thieves At The Lodge


***






Using Gwyndyr to contact Maria had been a bit of a gamble, as truthfully, Jake hadn’t even been confident the god was able to. There was still a bit of a veil between the ninety-third universe and the rest of the multiverse, but now it could at least be pierced a little. Doing so wasn’t that hard from inside the ninety-third universe, and Jake hoped that gods could poke through if they really needed to. Maybe they wouldn’t be able to communicate directly, but they should at least be able to send the divine version of a quick shoulder tap, right?

Jake didn’t know if it worked like that, and Villy hadn’t tried to reach out to Jake even once, but that wasn’t really a surprise as the god clearly preferred Jake being the one to establish contact. If it was because he couldn’t or because he respected Jake’s time and didn’t want to disturb him, Jake didn’t know, but he had a feeling that even if the god could contact Jake, he wouldn’t.

The only reason he ever contacted Jake normally was because he could literally see what Jake was up to and if he was busy, thus knowing if it was a good time. Now he couldn’t, meaning it was entirely possible Villy tried to reach out while Jake was in the middle of a fight or on the most important step of concocting his best poison yet.

Anyway, none of that overly mattered as clearly Gwyndyr and Maria had somehow made contact, and the fire archer was on her way back to Haven already. It would take a little while for her to arrive, but luckily, as Jake was heading back, he was informed that Carmen had also made her way to the quaint little forest town.

Only a single teleport later from what he’d dubbed Labyrinth City – Jake wasn’t sure if that name was actually official yet – he was back in Haven. Miranda informed him that Carmen would just head straight for his lodge for them to meet there. Jake just quickly confirmed as he returned home to his own little valley.

Arriving at the valley, he indeed found Carmen already there, having clearly just arrived. However, his smile quickly faded as he spotted her through his sphere and saw what she was doing. In her hand, she held a precious stolen artifact. What’s more, she was even consuming it with much vigor.

Jake walked into the valley and instantly made eye contact with the Runemaiden as she spoke in between bites. “Hey, Jake! Damn, these bananas are good, even tastier than the last time I had one.”

That’s right... she had stolen one of Jake’s bananas straight off the musa. He stared at her, holding back himself from yelling thief as he crossed his arms. “Are you even getting any Agility from consuming it?”

“Hm? No, all capped out in that department,” Carmen answered completely shamelessly, finishing off the poor banana that hadn’t even been allowed to fulfill its purpose of giving permanent stats.

“You do know that according to the law in Haven, you just committed grand larceny, stealing a valuable treasure like that,” Jake said.

“As a representative of Valhal, am I not kind of a diplomatic and have immunity or something?” Carmen shot back. “Besides, you asked to meet me, only nice of you to offer a banana to a guest.”

“I didn’t offer one.”

“It’s your word against mine, and I explicitly remember you telling me that I could take as many bananas as I want,” Carmen said with a grin as she reached out to grab another.

Oh no, you don’t!

Jake instantly reacted by using One Step and teleporting over, gripping Carmen’s wrist before she had time to pluck the poor banana from the musa. The Runemaiden just stopped as she looked at Jake.

“You’re really protective of this tree, huh?”

“Not a tree,” Jake insisted.

“If it looks like a tree, smells like a tree, and acts like a tree, I’m gonna keep calling it a tree,” Carmen shrugged, though she did pull back her hand. “Anyway, why did you need me so urgently?”

“I don’t think I ever said it was urgent,” Jake said, a bit unsure.

“Well, I told others it was, which was why I had to sadly skip a big meeting with a bunch of City Leaders. You should know the sacrifices I’m making to be there and all the political talk I’m missing out on,” Carmen said, faking a sigh.

“Oh, woe is you. How about this, to make up for it, I’ll ask Miranda to host an even bigger and longer meeting just for you to take part and really feel part of the political arena,” Jake teased her back.

“I think I’ll pass. I prefer arenas that allow you to punch people,” Carmen shook her head.

“Hey, punching someone in the face is the number one way to instantly turn a political meeting at least five times as interesting,” Jake grinned before he finally got to the actual reason he’d called her over. “Have you heard what happened with Ell’Hakan and the Holy Church?”

“Only vaguely,” Carmen said, also focusing up as the mood got more serious. “I think they took his soul or something?”

“Yeah... they plan on using it to resurrect him for the Bloodline, and...“

Jake proceeded to explain what had gone down after he’d killed Ell’Hakan – while also going on a side tangent about his actual fight with the Usurper at the urging of Carmen. The explanation ended up being a lot longer than Jake had planned, but in the end, Carmen got the gist of it. For the most part, anyway.

“I’m still not sure... is the Augur an ally or not?” Carmen asked.

“Kind of neither? Maybe both? Something in between?” Jake said, still not entirely sure what Jacob actually wanted at the end of the day. Clearly, he wanted to enact some change in the Holy Church, but how that would look was yet to be seen. “All I do know is that, in this instance, he wants to see Ell’Hakan and his Bloodline gone from the multiverse for good. And we need to strike sooner rather than later before they get the chance to flee out of the universe and actually resurrect him and his damn Bloodline. No way getting to him if he ever reaches the Holy Church heartlands.”

“I’m with you that far, but do you really need my help? I doubt the Holy Church has anyone capable of fighting against you, and while they could try to stall you with numbers, won’t that just result in their planet going the way of Ell’Hakan’s?” Carmen voiced her thoughts.

“I don’t plan on making it a habit to blow up planets whenever I want to kill someone on it,” Jake muttered. Not that it wouldn’t be a great way to assure people wouldn’t mess with him...

“Fair enough,” Carmen shrugged. “But they should know the option is on the table if they try to start shit. Actually, why are they even allowing a scenario where fighting you is an option? Wouldn’t it be way smarter to teleport whoever is carrying the soul around all the time, just avoiding you until the universe opens back up?”

“Jacob is carrying the soul,” Jake clarified.

“Oh... well, I guess that’s why,” Carmen muttered. “Still, why would that Bertram guy say it would be smart to keep me as a backup? Don’t get me wrong, I’m not complaining and more than happy to have skipped out on a boring as fuck meeting; I just don’t get the reason.”

“I have a theory...” Jake said, proceeding to briefly share his thoughts, and after doing so, Carmen instantly understood.

“Very well, I’ll be ready to go in if you need me, then,” Carmen nodded. “I guess Arnold will teleport you there, and then I can just stay back and be ready to also be teleported should the need arise?”

“Exactly,” Jake nodded. “I plan on going by myself in the beginning. If I bring along an entire group of powerhouses, or even just a second person, it’s gonna look like an invasion even on the surface. However, if I go alone, I’m just responding to their call for negotiation Miranda informed me of. Well, I don’t think they like me visiting their planet for this negotiation, but no one ever said I couldn’t either.”

Jake had actually thought this through at least a little and would act with some measure of level-headedness.

He knew that despite everything, the Holy Church was not an easy enemy to have, and he wanted to at least leave the door open on both sides to reach a compromise down the line. If the upcoming scenario could be framed as just a fringe group from the Holy Church acting out of pocket while mostly cut off from the rest of the multiverse, it left a way for both Jake and the Holy Church to save face after Jake effectively kicked their asses and got rid of Ell’Hakan’s soul.

With Ell’Hakan gone for good, the Holy Church had no need to want to keep Jake an enemy either. As a mega faction, the Holy Church tended to be mega-pragmatic, and if they had nothing to make Jake an enemy over anymore, they just wouldn’t. As a faction all about unity and whatnot, they could be surprisingly quick, cutting off their members who proved too problematic... then again, what was more Holy Church than sacrificing the good of the few for the good of the many? Because keeping Jake as a long-time enemy would more likely than not result in many bad things happening.

However, all paths to any kind of short-term compromise would be cut off should Jake come barging in with an entire army. His intent to openly attack the largest faction in the multiverse would be evident to even the dumbest of observers. At that point, the Holy Church would need to respond with force to not appear weak, starting a far more drawn out feud.

Truthfully, Jake would prefer to fix this entire thing without having to kill a whole bunch of people he didn’t really want to kill. He had no desire to fight the Holy Church as they, quite frankly, didn’t have anyone among their ranks that Jake found worth fighting, and he’d never been a big fan of fighting larger groups, which was definitely what he was about to face should things go south.

Despite his apprehension, he didn’t have any doubt that no matter what, this would end with Ell’Hakan’s Truesoul sent back to the system to hopefully never by recycled again. There was no scenario it could end any other way.

“So when are you going?” Carmen asked.

“We’re currently waiting for Maria to get here,” Jake said, making Carmen look at him weirdly for a second before he clarified. “During my fight with Ell’Hakan, my bow began to really show that I got it before Nevermore and got really close to breaking. So I’m gonna need a new one for this upcoming planetary visit. One that can hopefully tide me over till the universe opens back up, and I can head to the Order for a full proper upgrade. I reckon Maria is my best hope to get a good one, considering she’s a bowyer.”

“Oh, I see,” Carmen nodded before smirking. “I couldn’t imagine having to rely on such a feeble thing as a weapon. Truly a horrible weakness.”

“Pretty sure you’re far more feeble than Eternal Hunger, even if you’re a Runemaiden of Valdemar,” Jake shot back, quickly taking out the katar as he spun it in his hands a few times before dismissing it again.

“That weapon can change shape, right? Can’t you just make it into a-“

“Tried it, doesn’t work,” Jake shook his head. Right as he said this, he realized Carmen had definitely already known as she grinned.

“More durable but definitely less flexible, it seems.”

Jake shook his head and was working on another comeback as he sensed a strong aura approach the valley. He stopped halfway through his headshake and looked toward the entrance as it got slightly warmer in the valley as the fire archer walked in, looking as if she’d really rushed her return. Her hair was a mess, her leather armor was in less than stellar condition, and she’d definitely burned through – pun intended - a lot of resources getting there.

That’s probably why she just stopped and stared a bit at Carmen and Jake, who just stood there rather casually. She took a second or two before she asked:

“What’s the emergency?”

Jake stared back at her for a moment before scratching the back of his head. “I wouldn’t really call it an emergency per-se...”

“Jake ruined his old bow and needs a new one, and since you’re a bowyer, he wanted to ask you for one,” Carmen instantly chimed in.

Maria looked back at Jake who really didn’t have a good answer as he just smiled meekly. “Was there some kind of miscommunication?”

“I got an emergency order to return to Haven immediately straight from my Patron,” Maria said, not returning Jake’s smile. “I left the dungeon with the final boss in my line of sight.”

“Okay, I see that I’m definitely in the wrong here, but in my defense, I do really need a new bow, and it is time-sensitive,” Jake said, knowing he didn’t have much ground to stand on. So, to escape the awkward situation, he tried to change the topic as quickly as possible.

“Also, how did Gwyndyr contact you? Are gods capable of piercing the limitations placed on our universe and send messages if they really want to? Or do you have some other kind of skill to communicate back and forth?” Jake asked.

Jake knew there were some skills gods had that allowed them to “contact” those they blessed, this contact often coming in the form of demands of some kind. In other cases, such as Valhal making offerings after a fight, that would also create a faint connection to the gods for them to then latch on to even if the connection was weak.

Luckily for Jake, Maria was willing to share despite clearly not being in a super good mood.

“The Crimson Flame is a mercenary group first and foremost. Just like your profession is about both alchemy and being a Chosen, my profession is about being a bowyer as well as a mercenary of the Crimson Flame. My Patron used one of my profession skills to give me an official assignment... they’re essentially quests that higher-level members of the mercenary company can give out,” Maria explained, Jake nodding along with genuine interest.

“That’s pretty damn neat,” Jake said, feeling like they had totally moved past the fact Jake may have fucked up a li-

“It was an assignment of the highest level. One that once granted, I must immediately act upon, or I will not only lose my Blessing but be branded a heretic and have a bounty put on my head for desertion,” Maria said, only making Jake feel more and more awkward about everything.

Fortunately, Maria soon sighed, but then she did something Jake hadn't seen coming. On her way over to sit down on the steps up to the porch of the lodge, she went by and plucked a banana right off the musa just like Carmen without even asking first... and this time, Jake didn't feel like he could call her out on her thievery as he just silently watched her eat it before she spoke again.

“I thought something bad had happened in Haven since I was told to return so urgently, so to find out nothing was wrong... at least I got a lot of merit points for completing the assignment.”

“I want to ask more about these merit points and whatnot, but I feel like you’re not super in the mood,” Jake began as Carmen again cut him off.

“So instead, he’s gonna ask you for a bow, and he definitely isn’t going to be satisfied unless it’s a really good one,” Carmen said.

“Well, I would more than gladly offer compensation,” Jake quickly corrected her. “But she isn’t wrong in that I need a bow, even if it does feel a bit shitty to ask for one now. I hope you can at least make it back to the dungeon in time for the Pioneer title.”

“I should,” Maria sighed. “Just give me a moment to catch my breath and I’ll go over what I have... hopefully one of them can be used for... what was that time-sensitive thing you need the bow for so urgently?”

“Pay the Holy Church a visit to snuff out the Truesoul of Ell’Hakan before they can flee from the universe,” Jake answered honestly.

“You know what? I’m not even gonna ask, and I’m gonna act as if I didn’t hear anything because that’s definitely not something I wanna get involved in,” Maria sighed yet again. “Now let’s see if there’s any of these you find useable...”

With those words, Maria summoned five bows in front of her; Jake finally at the final stage of his “obtain a new temporary bow” quest.




***
Chapter 1057: Bow Quest Completed!


***






Jake considered the five summoned bows closely, his immediate reaction being one of pleasant surprise. Sure, he’d known Maria was probably pretty skilled at making bows, considering she was a genius only behind people like the Sword Saint and himself, but that had only been when it came to combat. He had used a bow made by her before, sure, and that bow had been okay but definitely not top-tier.

However, it seemed that she had improved far beyond Jake’s expectations. Of the five bows summoned, four of them were ancient rarity with the final one surprisingly a legendary bow. Assuming the bow she was using herself was also of legendary rarity, she had at least crafted two of them.

It shouldn’t come as a surprise that the legendary bow presented also gave off the strongest aura by far and had the most impressive look. It looked to be made entirely of metal, with the string even reminding Jake of molten metal with how it even gave off a subtle glow. However, upon closer inspection, it wasn’t actually made of metal but some other material. Jake wondered what, but a quick Identify told him.

[Obsidian Blazebow of Kindling (Legendary)] – A bow with a body made from obsidian infused with potent fire energy and a string crafted using the sinew of an adolescent dragon. Its creator, a genius bowyer and master of flames, has further elevated the materials. The bow is incredibly conducive to fire affinity energy and becomes more durable the more fire energy is infused into it. Relatively fragile when faced with powerful physical attacks. Significantly increases the damage done by any fire-based bow attacks made. As the bow is used, all fire energy infused into it will lead to kindling and heat building up within that can be unleashed by infusing it into an arrow. All attacks with this bow will deal additional fire damage, increasing further as the bow is kindled.

Requirement: lvl 285+ in any humanoid race

Reading the description, Jake was definitely impressed. Obsidian could come in many shapes and sizes, with its power dependent on the lava it was created from, meanwhile, it didn’t need to be said that the sinew of a dragon wasn’t super easily come by. It definitely wasn’t crafted from resources Maria had acquired herself, and the fact her faction had invested such valuable ingredients in her to improve her crafting was proof they also viewed her as talented and thus worth nurturing.

However, despite his praise for the bow, there was one problem.

“Give me your honest opinion... I can’t use this bow at all, can I?” Jake asked Maria.

“I don’t know, that’s why I took it out. Give it a try and see if it’ll bind to you,” Maria shrugged, Jake doing as she said.

Taking the bow, it felt incredibly hot to the touch. The glass-like surface sat surprisingly smoothly in his hand, though, and Jake’s assumptions of his grip slipping had been entirely unfounded. He did wonder how it would bend, considering it was made of such rigid material... but he quickly realized he wasn’t even gonna get as far as to test that.

The moment he infused a bit of energy into the bow, he immediately felt something was off. His mana dispersed upon entry, and the bow only began to heat up enough for Jake to begin feeling a slight tinge of pain. It didn’t take a genius to figure out what was going on as Jake let the bow go and put it back down.

“Not enough fire affinity?” Carmen asked with a teasing smile.

“According to the damn bow, no,” Jake shook his head, unable to say he was disappointed as this was the expected outcome.

“I figured,” Maria shrugged. “Still, from what I remember, you infused the last bow I gave you with your arcane affinity and made it useful that way around. While it would suck losing a bow that’s already good as it is, do you reckon you can transmute it into something useful for you?”

Jake looked at the bow for a few moments before shaking his head. “I’m not confident, no. At least not enough to take the gamble.”

It had been a while since Jake transmuted an item like this, and he knew there was a good chance that things wouldn’t go well, especially not with this bow. As the description said, it was relatively fragile toward physical blows and was very specialized toward fire energy. Obsidian was also a material with innate fire affinity, so if he wanted to transmute it into his arcane affinity... yeah, he wasn’t even sure it could be done.

Even if he did successfully transmute it, it would definitely end up a worse overall product. Considering how Jake had already been a bit of an asshat toward Maria by dragging her there in a rush, breaking a bow that she’d clearly spent a lot of time and effort crafting would also just only add insult to injury.

“How about any of the others?” Maria asked, sounding a little disappointed Jake didn’t want the legendary bow.

Jake checked out the four other bows at her prompting and did a quick analysis. Two of them ran into the same problems as the obsidian bow, with them being far too attuned to the fire energy to Jake’s taste. As for the final two, both were contenders. However, it was the last and final bow in the row that attracted his attention the most. It was one Maria clearly didn’t have much confidence in, even as she explained what it was.

“This is a weird one,” she began. “It’s one of those things you make just for the experience and to make different stuff once in a while. It’s made from Titanwood from a tree monster only found in B-grade and above. Massive fucking trees, I tell you, with the ability to change their size. I tried to integrate a bit of that, and while the final result is okay, I don’t really think it’s super useful. Cost-wise, it definitely wasn’t worth it, though, as this one was as expensive if not more so than the legendary bow.”

Nodding along, Jake used Identify on the bow to get a full idea of what he was dealing with.

[Mighty Titanwood Greatbow (Ancient)] – A powerful bow made for a powerful wielder. This bow was created by a talented bowyer, bringing out the innate powers of the material used. With a body made of Titanwood and a string from the sinew of a behemoth, this is truly a bow meant only to be wielded by the mightiest. The Titanwood Greatbow can change size and grow up to ten times larger without losing any durability, while it may lose some material integrity if grown beyond that. Records of the behemoth have fused with the Titanwood, allowing some of its Records to bleed through. Strength adds an additional damage modifier to this bow beyond the usual.

Requirements: lvl 290+ in any humanoid race. 25,000+ Strength

As Maria had said, it was primarily made of Titanwood, and he didn’t doubt it was incredibly durable. Far more than the legendary bow. He was also surprised to see that materials from a behemoth had been used during the crafting process. Behemoths were monsters that – just like dragons – were natural B-grades.

However, while dragons were innate masters of magic, the behemoth was the exact opposite. They were purely physical powerhouses, their sheer power often enough to rip anything of their own level apart. Not to mention their large size, which made them terrifying opponents to face.

For the record, Jake was definitely going to hunt one down at some point. One of the reasons he even knew about them was because he’d studied creatures he’d for sure want to fight one day. Behemoths had definitely made that list alongside dragons, leviathans, phoenixes, and pretty much any other mythological creature Jake had ever heard about that actually existed in the multiverse – which turned out to be nearly all of them.

This narrative has been purloined without the author's approval. Report any appearances on Amazon.

Anyway, back to the bow, Jake could definitely see the potential, even if Maria wasn’t as optimistic.

“As you can see, it’s not really an archer’s bow, but made more for warriors who want a bow as a backup weapon,” Maria shook her head. “I naturally can’t even use it. I don’t know if your Strength is high enough, but even if it’s not, perhaps you can transmute that effect away?”

“No worries, I have the Strength required,” Jake said with his nearly 33,000 Strength, which was definitely a stupidly high number for an archer, but seeing as Jake ended up in melee half the time, he kind of needed it. Plus, it wasn’t like Strength wasn’t a good stat when using a bow.

“Would I be right to assume that out of everything, this bow is definitely the most durable?” Jake asked the bowyer.

“For sure,” Maria instantly confirmed. “Stupidly so. The draw strength required isn’t to be underestimated, and I honestly wouldn’t be surprised if it could double as a staff to just whack people with.”

Jake didn’t even think that was a joke as he picked up the bow and studied it more closely. He also instantly noticed something else with it.

“Is it just me, or is the mana-conductivity absolutely shit?”

The words weren’t meant to be offensive, and Maria clearly didn’t take offense either, as she just nodded and sighed. “Yeah, as I said, good for a warrior, but for someone with a more hybrid build like you and I, it is indeed a very shit bow. As it is right now, that is. However, I get the feeling you may be able to turn it into something usable, which is part of the reason why I presented it to you.”

“You’re not wrong,” Jake said, continuing to inspect the bow. “To be clear, me doing any kind of transmutation to the bow will completely ruin the materials and make it impossible to reuse any of them in the future.”

“I’m not loaning you a bow; I’m trading you one,” Maria said.

Jake, who was still holding the bow and even already had a good plan in mind for how he wanted to transmute it, stopped himself and looked at Maria. “What kind of trade are you thinking? I’m swimming in Credits, so-“

“So am I,” Maria interrupted him. “We both know neither of us is struggling for Credits, and if we were, we have backers more than happy to throw near-infinite amounts at us.”

“True,” Jake said, not really able to argue against that one. “So what do you want instead?”

Maria turned serious as she looked at Jake. “Nothing now... just that you’ll owe me a favor, and not just for the bow but for the expedited delivery. Not a massive favor, but you will owe me one.”

Jake returned her serious look, and Carmen also chimed in after having not been involved in their bow talk. “That’s a lot to ask for a bow.”

Carmen was entirely right. It was a bit odd to think about, but Jake and the two women at the lodge had reached a level by now where favors had become a legitimately powerful currency. What’s more, Jake was fully aware that him owing Maria one didn’t mean she had to cash in while they were still in C-grade. She could ask him for a favor in B-grade or even when he was in A-grade if she so desired.

Villy had told Jake many times that words held power, so Jake lying without having any intention to honor his promise could have an actual tangible impact. Even if it didn’t, Jake wasn’t the type to just make empty promises, and Maria knew it.

It was a lot to ask for a bow... but Maria had helped Jake in the past. This wasn’t even the first bow she’d given him. Also, while she was clearly taking advantage of the fact that Jake had fucked her over by having her rush to his aid, it was nevertheless a fact Jake had been an ass in that regard and felt bad about having done so.

That’s why he ultimately just sighed. “Very well, but it can’t be anything extreme or something I would never agree to help anyone with in the first place. So a medium favor or something like that.”

“Deal,” Maria said with a bright smile, clearly happy with the outcome.

“You do know that you effectively just agreed to help her out with a mercenary assignment in the future, making it so you actually just promised to help out the Crimson Flame at least once,” Carmen very accurately pointed out, having a quite good idea of how those kinds of organizations worked, considering Valhal was also kind of a mercenary organization.

The biggest difference between the two was that in Valhal, individuals or small groups of companions agreed to work as mercenaries without the top brass getting involved. Meanwhile, the Crimson Flame were far more organized with a top-down, almost militaristic style. They could assign Maria with jobs as Gwyndyr had evidently done to make Maria leave the dungeon, while the only times Valhal would ever have anything come down from the top was if Valdemar declared war... and even then, that wasn’t really an order. Everyone simply followed the War God without question as he tore a path of death and destruction across the multiverse.

“I am well aware of its implications,” Jake answered with a small nod after a moment of thought. “I assume she and the Crimson Flame know not to go overboard.”

“We’re not stupid,” Maria smiled as she got up. “Well, this turned out to not be that bad of an outcome. I’ll take my leave now and rush back to the dungeon as quickly as possible. Ah, in case any of you two wanna go, it’s pretty much just a large volcano and the land surrounding said volcano inside. Once you reach the volcano, there’s a long path going through the mountain before reaching the final boss in a core chamber below. You can use the tunnel or you can just fly above and head for the final boss right away by diving down into the lava, though it will be stronger if you do it that way. The boss is level 330, so not too bad experience, and you should be able to clear it within a few days at most, dependent on how fast you are at navigating and moving about. So for Jake, I reckon he could do it within hours, not days.”

“Thanks for the tip,” Jake said with a slight smile, mainly because he now knew he had no intentions of going to the dungeon. Level 330 was simply too low for him to consider it worth the journey. Would it give him experience? Sure, but Jake really wanted to only hunt peak C-grades right now... or perhaps even his first B-grade.

But for now, he had a bow to transmute and a Holy Church to invade.

After Maria left, Carmen gave Jake some space, and he instantly got to work. He already had a very vivid idea of how he wanted to transmute the bow, and there really was no need to delay as Jake began the process.

Jake’s plan was to do away with the ability of the bow to change size by forcefully condensing it and stabilizing its condensed and small human-sized form. This would not only increase the durability of the bow significantly, but during the compression system, he could also do a little something else.

With the bow in hand, he sent in pulses of destructive arcane energy during the entire transmutation process, creating veins of destruction within the otherwise stable wood. These veins were there to address the lack of mana conductivity, and while the result wasn’t pretty, Jake was confident it would work.

The materials created clearly carried the entire process, being able to handle Jake’s incredibly heavy-handed transmutation. The entire process ended up taking around two hours before Jake was done, and as he succeeded, he saw something unexpected.

’DING!’ Profession: [Heretic-Chosen Alchemist of the Malefic Viper] has reached level 310 - Stat points allocated, +35 Free Points

’DING!’ Race: [Human (C)] has reached level 306 - Stat points allocated, +45 Free Points

Jake nearly felt called out for not having done transmutations in a long with that level-up. Especially considering it had come just after he’d gained the Anomalous Soul upgrade that should make gaining levels harder.

Not the he complained as he looked down at his “new” bow.

[Mighty Arcane Titanwood Greatbow (Ancient)] – A powerful bow made for a powerful wielder, augmented through the power of arcane transmutation. This bow was created by a talented bowyer, bringing out the innate powers of the material used before then being transmuted by an even more talented alchemist. The durable Titanwood has been infused with the concept of stability, losing its ability to change size in exchange for higher durability. Arcane pathways have been burned through the durable wood, giving it acceptable mana conductivity for the type of arcane magic used to create the pathways. Records of the behemoth have fused with the Titanwood, allowing some of its Records to bleed through. Strength adds an additional damage modifier to this bow beyond the usual.

Requirements: lvl 300+ in any humanoid race. Quasi-Soulbound. 30,000+ Strength

The requirements of the bow had gone up, with the level and Strength requirements both getting higher, not to mention the Quasi-Soulbound effect that effectively just meant that one was required to have Jake’s exact arcane affinity to be able to use the bow.

Besides that, he’d achieved everything he wanted with the transmutation. Overall, he would say that he’d made it into a worse bow, but it was definitely better for him. Still not even close to as good as his old bow, but for now, this would have to make do.

Carmen also quickly noticed when Jake was done and walked out of the lodge where she’d been meditating... Jake having obviously noticed her sneaking out twice to steal bananas when she thought he was too focused on using Touch of the Malefic Viper to notice.

“I take it everything’s ready now?” she asked, none of them mentioning the banana thievery.

“Yeah, as ready as can be,” Jake nodded and looked at her. “Time to pay the Holy Church a visit.”




***
Chapter 1058: The "Negotiations" Begins


***






The Holy Church had already reached out with the intent of finding a peaceful solution shortly after Jake returned to Earth after slaying Ell’Hakan. After he killed Bertram, they were understandably worried about what actions Jake would take next. However, from the looks of the communications Miranda received, they genuinely believed they could reach a satisfying solution where they could walk away with Ell’Hakan’s Truesoul, and Jake could get “rightful compensation.”

Yeah, with them thinking that, it definitely made sense that they wanted Ell’Hakan, considering just how delusional they already were. Still, Jake at least wanted to appear reasonable, even if he had no intentions of acting in any way the Holy Church would find reasonable.

That being the case, Jake expected it to eventually devolve into violence. The Holy Church had long pulled back all their elites, with many of them not having been involved in the conflict to begin with. Truthfully, no one knew just how much power they had in storage, but Jake didn’t feel any sense of fear.

The only thing he possibly had to fear was being forced into a wasteful slaughter. He genuinely hoped the Holy Church knew that fighting would be futile, but things rarely turned out that smoothly.

Only half an hour after Jake finished transmuting his temporary bow, he stood ready on the teleportation platform prepared by Arnold, who was also there to observe and – if necessary – also send Carmen over. Jake considered if he should call others for backup but decided not to. Sylphie was off somewhere on Earth, spending quality time with her parents if Jake’s guess was correct, with everyone else also busy doing their own thing. Not to mention a few weren’t even on the planet in the first place, or the fact that people like Caleb couldn’t get involved due to his faction, and while Casper would have probably loved to go, bringing a Risen along was a surefire way to make them instantly start blasting.

“Ready?” Arnold asked, making Jake refocus as it was finally go-time.

“Ready as can be,” Jake nodded, and without further ado, the teleporter below him activated.

While it was true the Holy Church had invited Jake and Earth to a dialogue about how to solve their differences, there was no direct invitation to visit their main planet in the Milky Way, which was also why Jake used Arnold’s special teleporter that didn’t require permission.

Jake felt his vision shift as soon he found himself just outside the atmosphere of the Holy Church planet. Instantly, he saw that the local World Leader had done quite a lot to defend the planet, with powerful barriers fused into the environment everywhere. The thing is, the barriers defending planets couldn’t be too good unless they were of a high enough level. If they were, mana from the sun and the rest of the universe couldn’t easily come through, weakening the entire planet.

So, instead, the barrier was more there for detection and to destroy anything unidentified. This left quite the obvious flaw, as for the barriers to know if something was unidentified, it had to be able to see and identify the object in question in the first place.

Activating his Unseen Hunter skill, Jake quite easily snuck through the barrier and entered the planet before he rapidly headed toward the surface. Arnold had gotten a lot better with his teleporter and had even been able to focus it and teleport Jake to appear directly above the biggest gathering of presences on the planet, which unsurprisingly happened to be the capital city.

Before even breaking through the clouds, Jake saw the massive city below him. It looked like it was made entirely of marble, with large buildings and spires everywhere. From the looks of it, the local city plan also required at least one church or building of worship for every hundred meters based on how many there were.

The biggest building in the city was a large cathedral-looking structure on a slightly raised plateau. Even from up high, Jake could feel this was where the most auras were gathered... oh yeah, and he also felt his Hunter’s Mark still lingering on Jacob’s body, telling him the Augur was within.

Jake had considered for a while how he wanted to approach this, and one thing was for sure, he wasn’t going to do anything sneakily. In his mind, he wasn’t in the wrong for anything that would happen that day, as he was merely there to take back what was rightfully his.

That’s why Jake gladly introduced himself to the entire city. Floating not far from the large cathedral, Jake dispelled his stealth skill and unleashed his aura, even mixing in a bit of Pride to really up the intimidation factor. Within seconds, guards of the city took to the air, and not even ten seconds later, a group of what Jake assumed to be elites had also gathered nearby, watching on with careful eyes.

Jake remained silent as more elites gathered until, finally, the people in charge made their appearance. Jacob, Bertram, and a bunch of people in priest robes and fancy attire exited the cathedral, and the moment it did, Jake’s will-infused voice echoed throughout the city.

“I believe you have something that belongs to me.”

Iludar opened his eyes as the message arrived. The Chosen of the Malefic Viper had just reached the Holy Church’s Milky Way headquarters, signaling it was their time to move.

He quickly sent several messages to check on matters and received nearly instant responses, confirming everything was as expected. Looking up, he saw the nervous elf standing there, clearly unsure of what had been decided. Understandably so.

“We have safe houses set up all across the Milky Way. All we have to do is survive until the universe opens back up. You know as well as I do that this is your only chance for survival,” Iludar said sharply.

“I know, I know, but it doesn’t make it any less nerve-wracking,” Kindroth, also known as the so-called Voice of the One, replied, his demeanor far from his usual self-assured one.

“Collect yourself. We are in a hurry,” King Iludar said, regarding his followers of elites. “There’s no turning back now.”

“Yeah, so let’s just get this over with,” Kindroth said, recollecting himself and taking a deep breath.

With those words, they activated the large teleporter that had been hidden away by the planet of the Great Bright One. It was linked to the Prima Vessel and was merely there to allow the teleportation of more people at once.

Their plan was simple: strike Earth while it was vulnerable. King Iludar knew that the moment Ell’Hakan died, he was on borrowed time, and he didn’t trust that the Holy Church would tide them over long enough for their escape to the rest of the multiverse.

So rather than simply sitting back and waiting for death, they would land a decisive strike where it would hurt the most. They would prove themselves to the Holy Church and any other force that still opposed the Order of the Malefic Viper to hopefully secure a good future.

All of this was happening with the support of the Holy Church and their loyal subject, Kindroth.

The Great Bright One wasn’t officially a member of the Holy Church but might as well have been in many aspects. It was a god in a gray zone that could do things the Holy Church normally wouldn’t while still receiving support from the Primordial faction under the table.

As someone who followed the Great Bright One, Kindroth was similar. He was a perfect spy who was not officially part of the Holy Church, so he could sneak under the radar in many cases.

Kindroth had been a source of information for this entire campaign and long before that. He was a traitor to the Order of the Malefic Viper, and both he and Iludar knew what kind of fate awaited him when this was inevitably discovered. The elf had also dug himself deep on his planet with the persona he’d created for himself, and rather than try to dig himself out, he’d been more than happy to just jump ship. The fact that he had been ordered by the Holy Church certainly also played a part.

And now, with the Chosen of the Malefic Viper gone, they had their chance to strike. Kindroth had also confirmed that every other fighter who was a major threat wasn’t around, and Iludar’s own spies had confirmed this. Even the cultist of the void and the Runemaiden weren’t in the city, giving them a window.

The teleporter beneath them soon activated, bringing them all to the Prima Vessel on Earth. Warriors appeared one after another, filling the vessel so quickly they had to funnel into the halls as everyone charged out.

On the way, they met no one, as Kindroth had indeed done his job and cleared the way. They easily made it out, and with Earth still unaware that a massive invading force had arrived, they reached the teleportation station close to the Prima Vessel to teleport to an area set up by Kindroth beforehand.

Attacking the witch within her city wasn’t the wisest move, but what if her trusted ally and fellow council member led her away from the safety of her fortress?

Jake floated in the air, his presence blanketing the city as he felt millions of eyes on him at once. Just the sheer scale of the city meant that any form of clash would result in many deaths, something Jake would still like to avoid.

“Chosen of the Malefic One,” a priest with fancier robes than the others spoke as he flew up to meet Jake. He was probably a head priest or something, but Jake truthfully didn’t care. “Your visit is highly unexpected and irregular.”

Jake really, really wanted to call bullshit on that one, but he held his tongue as he instead kept up his intimidating presence. “You wanted to talk. I came to talk... and take back that which is mine. That which you took from me.”

He repeated that they had taken something from him to really hammer home the point that this had to be the starting assumption for this entire talk. It needed to be clarified from the get-go that Jake had arrived with justification, and it was very purposeful he said all this in front of so many followers of the Holy Church.

Below, he saw Jacob look up at the head priest guy, and a moment later, the man cleared his throat, speaking a lot more softly so none of the citizens below could hear. “Perhaps we can have this discussion elsewhere in private?”

“Very well, lead the way to this private discussion,” Jake said, once more wanting to make it clear he was just following the Holy Church guys to some unspecified location. The man in front of him didn’t look very appreciative, but he couldn’t really do or say anything as he nodded and turned.

Following the lead of the head priest, Jake flew down while still keeping a good distance from everyone. He released a few pulses and noticed dozens of small teleportation buildings spread across the city, many of them now having elites gathered around, waiting.

Jacob, Bertram, the head priest, and seven other official-looking members of the Holy Church were part of Jake’s “escort” as they entered a small cleared-out teleportation hub.

“I apologize for the lack of a proper welcome, but as I said, we truly didn’t expect you to show up without prior notice,” the head priest reiterated that he believed Jake’s visit was very sudden.

Perhaps it was partly true, as they had more likely than expected him to be more injured after the Ell’Hakan fight than he actually was. It was thus highly probable they had wanted to make more preparations before Jake visited that they simply didn’t have time to.

“Please follow me through the teleporter,” the head priest said, motioning toward it.

“Using a teleporter with an unknown destination seems highly unwise, especially when in territory I do not find particularly friendly,” Jake said, staring down at the priest. He’d only slightly let off on Presence while he kept unleashing his aura, fully aware of the mental pressure he was putting on everyone present.

“It will take us to an installation far away from the city, and what awaits on the other side is no trap,” Jacob chimed in, being curt with his words. Jake did catch something, though.

A military installation, Jake quickly concluded simply from the word installation, as honestly, in what other instance would someone use that word to describe a location?

“Fine,” Jake agreed as he teleported alongside the ten members of the Holy Church.

A moment later, he appeared in another small building, and right as he did, he naturally released a Pulse to get the lay of the land. They were now in a new city, a lot smaller than the other one but still pretty damn large.

However, rather than a normal city, Jake instantly recognized this one wasn’t... how to say it... real? It was a ghost city. Nearly all the buildings were entirely empty inside, with the only ones having any actual activity the ones with teleporters placed in their cellars.

If this was some failed expansion project or a weird military city to train urban combat, Jake really couldn’t tell, but he did know for sure it was now a military city. Within mere seconds of Jake arriving in the new city, over a thousand fighters teleported into the cellars of the many buildings throughout the city, seemingly setting up should things go wrong.

Overall, he did like this new setting, though, because outside of the city, there was nothing for hundreds of kilometers in any direction. They were well and truly isolated, which meant far fewer casualties should Jake end up having to go with the violent option.

“Please, this way,” the head priest continued as he motioned Jake out of the teleportation building and into what looked like some kind of town hall. Jake kept watch of his surroundings, and the fact that Jacob walked all the way in the back with Bertram and seven other high-tier C-grades between Jake and the Augur didn’t escape him in the slightest.

Jake remained silent as he merely followed them, as he felt the many observers. A quick Pulse confirmed there were now more than five thousand people in the city, and if Jake was correct, they were all top fighters of the Holy Church. Pretty much all the faction could muster should this turn into a fight, at least when it came to people who the Church believed could at least contribute.

He also finally properly probed the others in the small escort group, and while they all wore priest robes – besides Bertram, of course – five of them clearly weren’t actually priests. Their auras simply didn’t match the signature he would expect, and their level of power also made it evident they were fighters.

An elite party, Jake concluded right around the time they all found themselves in the wide open lobby of the building Jake had assumed to be a town hall. There, the head priest summoned a table and a set of chairs.

Jake looked at them but remained standing as he crossed his arms. “This really shouldn’t take long, so let us get this over with.”

Staring directly at Jacob and Bertram, Jake scoffed. “Those two interfered in my battle against the Usurper of Yip of Yore and stole part of my rightful bounty.”

“Bullshit,” Bertram reacted, with Jacob instantly calming him with a hand on his shoulder as he stepped forward.

“Apologize for my Guardian’s outburst. Your last encounter wasn’t a pleasant one for him either,” Jacob spoke with a tone Jake remembered hearing many times in the past during soulless business calls.

“I shall not deny that we claimed the Truesoul of Ell’Hakan, the Usurper of Yip of Yore, but we only did so after you had already taken what you had come to take. We are, at worst, scavengers infringing on your leftovers, but I object to us being branded thieves. We only took what you were unable or unwilling to claim in the first place.”

“You talk as if any of what you just said matters,” Jake said, openly pressuring Jacob with his aura. “No matter what I wanted to do with what’s mine, it has nothing to do with you. All that matters is that you stole something from me; that’s the end of it.”

Okay, admittedly, Jake hadn’t really entered this so-called “negotiation” with a mindset for compromise... but Jake got the distinct feeling Jacob wouldn’t want Jake to be in a too diplomatic mood either.




***
Chapter 1059: One Final Gambit


***






The atmosphere in the negotiation room wasn’t great as Jake had clearly set himself up as a highly contentious negotiator who wasn’t easy to convince of anything, much less reach a compromise with. Still, the head priest tried.

“Please relax. There’s no reason for us to be antagonistic toward one another,” the head priest raised his hands. “I do not disagree that you did indeed have some – if not perhaps even primary – claim of the Usurper’s soul, but the Holy Church has also invested heavily in him.”

“Oh, I’m fully aware of that,” Jake said, staring down at the man. “You not only assisted him during this conflict in the Milky Way but even facilitated his Usurper ritual.”

The tension instantly grew as Jake broke it slightly by smiling. “Thanks for that, by the way. Made the fight a lot more interesting and enjoyable. I don’t even want to imagine how disappointing his power would have been if he hadn’t been empowered by Yip of Yore’s Records.”

Jake wasn’t even lying with that one, those were his genuine feelings. Feelings he could see evidently threw the head priest off quite a bit, as in his head, it probably didn’t make much sense to thank people who actively sought to make your enemies stronger.

“However, that still doesn’t make up for all the shit you did in the rest of the galaxy,” Jake said, his smile gone. “You helped Ell’Hakan kill a lot of people and create a lot of chaos. Manipulated entire civilizations. You quite clearly positioned as an opposing force in this conflict, and now you want me to consider the Holy Church’s investment in the enemy leader of this war?”

“I know it’s presumptuous, but... yes,” the head priest sighed. “Ell’Hakan holds incredible value to the Holy Church. Not just in the minds of us mortals, but even the gods have made it clear they require us to bring his Truesoul to them. They are also the ones who invested so much in him. We, as mere mortals, are merely following the will of the gods. Soldiers on a quest we do not even know the true purpose of... only that failure is not viewed as an acceptable option.”

Jake did have to hand it to the priest, he wasn’t bad at his job. He had clearly also studied Jake quite a lot with how he framed everything. It was well known that Jake had a particular view of freedom and that he preferred to fight powerful opponents, so the priest was trying to make it as clear as possible that they didn’t want to fight or truly had any personal reasons to fight.

He was effectively saying that should Jake be aggressive, he was just killing soldiers following orders.

The thing is, Jake had always viewed that excuse as complete and utter bullshit. There was always a choice, and the head priest had clearly already made his. He probably couldn’t even imagine going against the Holy Church... or, more accurately, the branch of the Holy Church he was working for.

Jacob was clearly from a faction that would prefer for Ell’Hakan to be permanently removed from the multiverse. At least nothing else would explain his prior actions. However, he couldn’t show this outwardly, and he even went as far as to speak up and argue for them to keep the Truesoul despite their previous encounter.

“Storing a Truesoul is not an easy matter, and I would like to inquire if the Chosen of the Malefic Viper even has a method should we hand over the Truesoul?” Jacob asked calmly.

It was effectively a rhetorical question, as Jake naturally didn’t. The only way to forcefully take and store a Truesoul was by using a Transcendent skill, and needless to say, Jake didn’t have one of those lying around.

The only reason why Jacob had been able to store the soul was because Ell’Hakan had given prior consent and the Usurper ritual had imprinted him with Records facilitating it. At least, that was the working theory.

Truesouls were usually the domain of the system only, after all, and every member of the Holy Church knew that. Thus, they also knew that Jake “losing” the Truesoul of Ell’Hakan wasn’t really a thing, as it was never something he could have taken in the first place. Something the head priest had also alluded to before. However, even if Jake couldn’t take the Truesoul, it didn’t mean he didn’t have something he wanted to do with it.

“I already had intentions toward the Truesoul, but you stopped what was meant to happen,” Jake simply said, crossing his arms while glaring at the Augur.

“And what might those intentions be?”

“As I said, exactly what you stopped from happening,” Jake continued in a sharp tone. “I faced Ell’Hakan with the intention of giving him a true death, and you taking his Truesoul made that not the case. My hunt isn’t finished before the Truesoul returns to where it belongs, and I don’t take it kindly when people interrupt my hunts.”

Once more, Jake’s words were very purposefully chosen. The Holy Church wanted to present that they were operating under the orders of their gods. That they had no real choice in the matter.

Jake argued that he also didn’t really have a choice. That backing off would go against his Path, and who was the Holy Church to ask Jake to compromise? What kind of compensation could possibly be adequate to convince the person who’d ranked number one in all of Nevermore to compromise their own Path?

The mood in the room changed yet again as Jacob’s face fell – great acting, by the way – and Bertram even moved half a step closer to the Augur. As for the head priest, his expression was also dire, even if he hadn’t quite given up yet.

“This truly puts us at an impasse,” he said, sighing. “We truly cannot hand over the Truesoul, and you do not seem willing to accept any outcome that doesn’t involve you leaving without the Truesoul returning to wherever they go once dispersed. Am I correct in that assumption?”

“That does seem to be the gist of it, yeah,” Jake nodded, the negotiations having definitely fallen apart by now. Which, to be fair, was bound to happen if both sides were unwilling to compromise in any way whatsoever. Jake just had to feel like he at least tried and gave them a chance.

He was almost ready for things to take a violent turn as the head priest turned out to have one final gambit.

“I hoped we could reach some kind of compromise, but it seems that’s impossible,” the head priest began. “However, perhaps there is someone you can reach an agreement with. As I said, we are operating under the direct orders of the Holy Pantheon, and I have been granted the honor of allowing you an audience to directly commune with the one who initially wanted to recruit Ell’Hakan into the Holy Church.”

Jake had to be honest; that was a bit of a plot twist. He had expected to negotiate with some mortals, but it appeared like that wasn’t where the diplomacy would end. Getting such an offer instantly made Jake suspicious, though.

The narrative has been taken without authorization; if you see it on Amazon, report the incident.

He was the Chosen of the Malefic Viper, yes, but Jake was still only a mortal. Gods tended to be quite arrogant, and based on all Jake had gathered, the god from the Holy Church who had originally struck this deal with Ell’Hakan couldn’t be weak.

That is to say, a top-tier god of the Holy Church was offering to directly negotiate with a mortal... either the god in question was an oddball, or something fishy was going on. It also had to be considered that summoning a god from the Holy Church to communicate with Jake couldn’t be cheap or easy, considering the continued semi-lockdown of their universe.

All in all, he was suspicious, but he still ended up agreeing, if for nothing else but his own curiosity. If things ever got dangerous or risky, he trusted his intuition to warn him anyway.

The look on the face of the head priest also made Jake think this could be a legitimate offer, as he genuinely looked as if he’d just offered Jake the best damn present imaginable.

“Very well,” Jake ended up nodding, and the slight look of disapproval on the head priest’s face only made Jake more assured there was some legitimacy to the offer. If not, the priest wouldn’t be so offended that Jake wasn’t elated at the mere offer of being in the presence of one of the Holy Church’s great gods.

“Allow me the honors,” the head priest said as he moved to the side of the town hall building. There, Jake saw the etchings on the domed ceiling that he embarrassingly hadn’t recognized earlier as a formation. In his defense, it didn’t really look like one, though. It looked more like an artistic mural with actual pictures and stuff, but upon closer inspection, there definitely was a bit of energy hidden within.

The head priest got down on his knees and placed his hands together as he prayed in front of the mural. His body began to glow with holy energy soon after as the mural responded. The two priests who had come along supported the older man, as this clearly took a toll on him. Compared to a Chosen like Jake with a direct connection to his god, this poor priest had to do way more.

At the end of it, he even took out a brooch and held it high, Jake instantly feeling that this wasn’t some low-rarity object. The brooch began to shine before shattering into pieces in a shower of holy light mere moments later, filling the room with light that quite frankly felt uncomfortable as it washed over Jake. Luckily, this light rapidly gathered and began to take form, and as it did, a new aura manifested within the room.

The head priest was already down on his knees but was soon joined by everyone else from the Holy Church, including Jacob and Bertram. Jake felt a few disapproving glances being thrown his way, but he didn’t budge in the slightest as he stayed standing, even as the subtle aura of a god began to bear down on him. An aura that contained something that surprised Jake and instantly put him on guard.

By now, the figure of light was nearly fully formed. The projection summoned by the priests wasn’t of the highest quality visually, but at least it could show the general form of the god in question.

The figure before him was tall and thin, though Jake was not sure if size mattered at all in this context. The god wore what looked like a normal robe and had a fully humanoid outline, though again, hard to tell their race before ascension just from that. The only other truly notable thing was the person’s hair. It was long, around knee-length, and floated in the air unpredictably.

This figure looked down, but even before that, Jake already felt the god and even a number of other gods all observing him. He looked up to meet the eyes of the figure made up entirely of glowing yellowish holy light as he let the god speak first.

“Chosen of the Malefic Viper. I’ve heard much of your exploits and peculiar nature,” the god said in a booming voice that Jake couldn’t determine if was male or female.

“I can’t say I know much about you considering I don’t know who I’m conversing with,” Jake spoke bluntly, feeling quite a few death stares on him, even from Jacob and Bertram... and this time, he really couldn’t tell if they were genuine or not.

“You are speaking to the Lodestar Matron, the Fourteenth of the Holy Light,” she spoke, the name Matron pretty much confirming she was a woman.

Plus, Jake already had some insight into the Holy Church and thus instantly knew what “Fourteenth of the Holy Light” meant. He also knew who the Lodestar Matron was. Her being Fourteenth of the Holy Light meant she was the fourteenth god to ever ascend in the Holy Church, meaning she was old. Really old.

She was a god not focused on combat, but one who lived up to her name of being a guiding star for everyone her light fell upon. She was a bit like an Augur in that respect. The Lodestar Matron also held a very high position in her faction as she was one of the top people in charge of one the most important parts of the Holy Church:

Recruitment.

For her to want Ell’Hakan... yeah, it made sense. Moreover, it being the Lodestar Matron also explained why the Church had wanted her to speak to Jake directly. He also now knew why they had struggled a bit with making the formation.

It wasn’t easy allowing the effects of her Bloodline to also bleed through, after all.

King Iludar remained wary as they prepared everything. Even now, he remained skeptical of Kindroth, but so far, the elf had done everything as they’d planned. The spot he had chosen was also a good one.

They were in the middle of a mountainous region not that far from Haven but far from any other settlements. Iludar had already sent scouts to check out the entire area while constantly staying ready to retreat should anything go wrong. He’d spent a lot investing in a very expensive escape token that would allow him to travel over a million kilometers away upon activation. Would this leave him in the middle of space? Yes, but that was better than being outright slain and at least gave him a path to survival.

Not that he planned on using it.

“What’s the progress on the formation?” he asked the mages, who were busy putting down a magic circle meant to suppress the magic of the witch.

“It’ll be done within ten minutes,” the mage confirmed, much of the work having already been done beforehand as they were effectively just transcribing a not overly complicated sealing formation.

“Good,” he nodded before quickly checking in with the ranger team he’d sent to follow Kindroth. They were the best stealth experts he had, and alongside some of the few spies and scouts he still had left on Earth, he confirmed that the elf was doing his job. He’d arrived in Haven and was now to drag out the witch.

This is our one chance, he told himself for the umpteenth time. In truth, Iludar still wasn’t sure why they wanted the witch who served the Malefic’s Chosen dead that badly. Sure, killing her would create chaos and trouble for the Chosen, but it wouldn’t cause any major damage in the long term. He could always just get another manager for his planet from the Order once the universe opened up.

Still, it wasn’t something for him to question, and this remained their best hope for a good future. As losers of war and former loyals of dead gods, what faction would want them? What faction would risk making enemies with the Chosen of the Malefic Viper? His unique abilities made many factions view him favorably, and Iludar was well aware that his own value and the value of his army weren’t high in the grand scheme of things.

That’s why he would do everything to grasp this chance given by the Holy Church. Kindroth was the same. A traitor with no home who was forced to flee alongside them. A massive fall from grace for the so-called Voice of the One, but Iludar truly shouldn’t speak, seeing as his title of King was simply for show now.

A few more minutes passed, and everything was still as it should be. Iludar had eyes on everyone of note or had intel about their locations, making him more confident than ever. Soon enough, he also received a message.

Kindroth was on his way. It appeared that he’d also taken that assistant of hers along, but that was truthfully expected. A number of elites from Haven also joined them, which was once again also expected. There were a total of nineteen people in her escort group, with one of them even an old plant by Iludar and Ell’Hakan that Kindroth had helped assure was close to Haven’s leadership.

Soon it’s time... Iludar breathed a sigh as he looked at the finished formation and the thousands of elites hidden in wait under several concealment formations they’d also pre-prepared.

This was the best chance they would ever get, and either the witch or he and his army would die today... and he had no intentions of dying. Even if one of the true elites of Earth could show up unexpectedly, Iludar felt confident. One person could only stop so many, and it wasn’t as if Haven could instantly summon an entire army to match his. Besides, all they had to do was kill the witch, and if he had to escape on his own afterward...

Well, his entire army would die, true, but that was a sacrifice he was willing to make.




***
Chapter 1060: Question(s) Of Trust


***






“Are you sure your report is accurate?” Miranda asked as she flew alongside Kindroth and Lillian with their escort in tow. “While I wouldn’t classify this area as well-explored, I find it difficult to believe our scouts would have missed a hidden dungeon.”

“Yeah, tell me about it, I was also surprised,” Kindroth answered, shaking his head. “I was definitely baffled when I stumbled upon it. It was hidden in the valley due to a naturally formed formation creating illusions, which was definitely how everyone missed it. Also, while I haven’t entered the dungeon yet, from the name alone, I believe it’s also one filled with illusions.”

“Still,” Miranda insisted with a suspicious tone. “Dungeon entrances tend not to be that easily missed.”

“The entrance itself is just a tree right in the center of the valley,” Kindroth continued. “Again, I only noticed it because of the formation and the movement of mana. The tree was right there in the middle, and I just had to go inspect it. That’s when the system notification popped up.”

“Hm,” Miranda said, in thought for a moment. “Were there signs of others having entered it before?”

“I didn’t really look, but... wait, you’re thinking that...?”

“Yeah, it’s entirely possible someone has found it before and merely never disclosed it to anyone. That way, they could not only get the Pioneer title but didn’t have to share anything with anyone else. Perhaps they are even considering selling the information about the dungeon. That, or any party who has found it and entered simply never returned.”

“Does sound possible, even if the level requirement to enter is only 280,” the elf commented.

“If it’s anything like the Undergrowth with quite a wide level scale, coupled with illusion... certainly doesn’t sound like a pleasant place,” Lillian chimed in, getting nods from not only Miranda and Kindroth but a few of their escorts.

“It should be just up ahead,” Kindroth said after a little while. “If you feel for it carefully, you may even be able to detect the subtle mana of the natural formation from here.”

Miranda looked to focus for a brief while before nodding. “True, I do feel some faint echoes of mana. Does have a signature similar to a concealment formation.”

“Right, makes sense,” Kindroth nodded. “I wouldn’t really be able to tell. Not an expert in formations and all that.”

“I’m well aware,” Miranda simply said, their group getting closer and closer until soon the deep valley Kindroth was leading them toward came into view.

As he said, there truly was just a single tree sitting in the middle of it, with only grass in all directions around it. Kindroth directed them down as Miranda and her entire escort group landed in front of the tree.

She went forth to inspect it, and that’s when Miranda frowned. “This is no dunge-“

Right then, pillars of light shot into the air from the mountains on all sides. A web of disruptive magic enveloped the entire valley, and Miranda looked taken aback as she stumbled away from everyone, only Lillian staying by her side.

The different elites from Haven also looked around as auras erupted from all around them. They were completely and utterly surrounded, the formation that had been activated even partly locking down space alongside most of Miranda’s magic getting severely weakened.

Right then, one of Miranda’s very own escorts even jumped away from all the other elites and made distance, his former comrades staring after him as he retreated toward the enemy forces who greeted him like an old friend coming home.

Right then, a singular aura more powerful than the others revealed itself as the enemy leader stepped forth. Someone Miranda instantly recognized as her eyes opened wide in surprise and horror.

“King Iludar.”

“Witch of Haven,” the man spoke with a confident smile. “I hope you like the place chosen to be your grave.”

When Jake felt that the summoned god possessed a Bloodline, his initial reaction was that the Holy Church had seriously fucked up. They had to know Jake wasn’t a fan of Ell’Hakan, in large part due to his Bloodline, so for them to send someone else with one focused on mental manipulation was just bonkers.

However, that wasn’t what happened. The Lodestar Matron’s Bloodline was well known in the multiverse and a large aspect of how she’d reached her current position. It wasn’t one about mental manipulation or even one that affected the minds of people at all. In fact, it did something a lot of people wanted to be done to them.

It was so much more valuable than merely mental manipulation as it had the absolutely outrageous passive effect of increasing all experience and even Records gained for all those who had bathed in her presence. No, it didn’t require them to stay within the presence, just the mere fact they had ever once in their lives been within her presence while also being aware it was her doing it, they would be affected by the Bloodline... with stipulations, of course.

It only worked for those who followed her. Not in that they had to be loyal to her but that they had to look up to her and view her as, at the very least, some kind of spiritual guide. Hence the name Lodestar. She was a guiding star, hanging in the sky above all those who had been blessed by her presence, shining down a faint light helping illuminate their Path.

From what Jake knew, the effect of the Bloodline was only marginal for regular people, with the true effects coming to those who directly followed her Path or had her as their Patron. Still,  any kind of effect making progress faster was humongous. Even just a 1% increase in people managing to reach C-grade, because they had once in their life experienced her presence, would result in a fuckload more C-grades for the Holy Church.

For support-type Bloodlines, the Lodestar Bloodline, which Jake assumed it was called, was definitely toward the very top.

Now, what did all this mean for Jake? Well, to put it bluntly, fuck-all. The Bloodline had no effect on Jake as he didn’t meet the requirements to be affected by it. He didn’t view the Lodestar Matron as some superior being at all, and he most certainly didn’t follow her Path.

Knowing that she was actually a significant figure in the Holy Church did bring up a lot of questions, though. Ones he quite frankly didn’t even bother asking, but her presence did at least mean the Holy Church was serious when it came to reaching a peaceful compromise.

That, or they were trying to use a god to intimidate Jake and make him back down. The following few minutes would let him know which was which.

“A pleasure to meet you, Lodestar Matron,” Jake said with a nod. “I’ve heard much about you.”

A case of theft: this story is not rightfully on Amazon; if you spot it, report the violation.

The god was silent for a few moments as she smiled, the movements of her face pretty damn hard to really tell due to the low-quality projection that was used.

“Truly peculiar. You’re entirely untouched by my Bloodline; I cannot even feel you’re in its presence. Do allow me to clarify, while my Bloodline does not allow me any insight into those touched by it, I am at the very least able to distinguish those it affects and those it doesn’t. For you to remain untouched even after knowing who I am... either your faith in the Malefic One has entirely warped your view of gods, or you innately simply cannot view yourself as lesser to one. I presume the latter,” the Lodestar Matron spoke quite frankly and honestly, which did surprise Jake a bit.

He chose not to confirm or deny either of her theories as he instead focused on the topic at hand.

“I have been told I’m quite an oddball more than once,” Jake said with a shrug. “And I will admit I’m surprised you have come to speak with me directly. As things stand, I have a hard time seeing what your presence will change. Unless you are here to authorize them to give me that which is rightfully mine, what do we have to discuss?”

Jake’s demeanor once more earned him a lot of angry glares from behind. While those around him had begun to accept his attitude toward gods by now, these members of the Holy Church sure weren’t very accepting.

Surprisingly, the goddess didn’t seem to care much as she spoke.

“A Bloodline is a tool. You and I are both fully aware of that. Yet you appear to only view the Usurper’s as a weapon. You only see the negative aspects of it and the dangers. I will not argue against its danger, you and many others of your galaxy have experienced it first-hand at the hands of Ell’Hakan. Because of that, I understand your apprehension to allow its continued existence,” the Lodestar Matron spoke, and from the sounds of it, her plan wasn’t to intimidate but actually convince Jake.

“Instead of thinking of the dangers it poses, I want you to imagine the boons it can bring. To understand and affect the emotions of others could bring far more good than you can even imagine. People can be raised out of despair, find hope and new meaning even when life appears pointless, or get confidence when they have the skill but not the mindset. It can help make people their best selves. Healing magic can heal both the body and even the soul to some extent... but there is no skill that can heal the heart. This Bloodline can.”

What she was saying reminded Jake a bit about when the Viper had theorized Ell’Hakan ending up with the Dao Sect. Jake didn’t argue that the Bloodline potentially, theoretically, could do a lot of good, but his problem was that he seriously doubted it would be used for the betterment of the multiverse.

At most it would be used for the betterment of the Holy Church, and Jake wasn’t sure that was something he wanted.

“Never once did I argue it couldn’t do any good. However, from all I’ve seen until now, it’s a goddamn disaster in the wrong hands,” Jake said, crossing his arms. “Besides, it’s a moot point in the first place. This isn’t about whether Ell’Hakan’s Bloodline is good or bad but about you involving yourself directly in my hunt to steal the Truesoul without permission.”

“We are both aware this has far more to do with your dislike for his Bloodline than merely your desire to make your hunt complete. You already fully won. Ell’Hakan is dead, the Celestial Child no more. All that remains is mere remnants that will never be a threat to you, and neither will what can be brought back from his Truesoul. Not to you or anyone. We can make sure of that.”

“I do despise his Bloodline; you are right on that, but that still doesn’t change the fundamental facts of what happened,” Jake kept insisting.

“You’re right. The Truesoul is rightfully yours. That’s why we are even having this discussion in the first place. We at the Holy Church do want to make you whole, but for that to happen, there needs to be room for negotiation. Suppose you refuse to budge even the slightest in every aspect, then you are right that this is pointless, but allow me to give you an offer at least,” the Lodestar Matron spoke, her entire demeanor continuing to surprise Jake simply by how reasonable she was being despite Jake clearly not being the most receptive.

“I understand that you have your Path, but we also have ours. You can have his Truesoul, but not now. I’m not asking for you to give it to us, but merely borrow it for a time. Allow us to resurrect what remains of the Usurper and have him fulfill his oath to us, after which he is yours to do with what you want once more. Or, if it’s easier for you, we can dispose of him in your stead,” the Lodestar Matron spoke in an emotionless voice.

“Your assessment that the Usurper’s use of the Bloodline was reckless and dangerous was entirely accurate. That’s why anyone with it needs direction from birth. Guidance. People who can understand it and control how it’s used. Chances also are that any offspring of the Bloodline Patriarch will be weaker than the Usurper, lessening the threat level. I am aware this will temporarily delay the full completion of your hunt, but the fate of Ell’Hakan will remain sealed, the circumstances of his final end still in your hands.”

Jake really had to do a double-take of what the Lodestar Matron had said to make sure he hadn’t heard wrong, but nope. Her offer was... fuck, it was cold as ice. She effectively offered to resurrect Ell’Hakan for only a brief period and have him “fulfill his oath” of making a few kids before the Church would happily ship off the expecting father straight to Jake for slaughter. Or, you know, just off him themselves at Jake’s behest. They effectively told him that they would lease Ell’Hakan from Jake for a while without contesting his life belonged to Jake.

It wasn’t even an option Jake had considered for a moment, and the mere fact she offered it really put things into perspective. The Holy Church was known as a “force for good” in the eyes of many, and it did have a general philosophy of maximizing the happiness of as many people as possible.

All it took was the sacrifice of the few. Individual mortals didn’t matter. They were just resources. The Holy Church was like a company, caring about optimizing cash flow and increasing profits while limiting losses, but they truthfully couldn’t and didn’t care about every cent leaving their accounts. Sometimes, there were simply expenses, and from the sounds of it, Ell’Hakan was a resource they would happily write off when he was done fulfilling his purpose.

Again, really fucking cold. Yet Jake couldn’t help but be interested in what more the Holy Church was offering.

“Let’s say I am in the slightest open to that idea; why would I possibly agree and take such a risk? What are you offering?” Jake questioned, once more just ignoring the glares burning into the back of his head from the Holy Church members present. They were probably mad that Jake wasn’t crying tears of joy because a god was actually negotiating with him.

“Firstly, the Holy Church will fully pull out of the Milky Way Galaxy under terms and conditions set by you. Secondly, we will naturally offer material goods to a level that will satisfy you while at the same time remaining reasonable. These materials can include resources exclusive to the Holy Church if you so desire. Thirdly, you will naturally have the gratitude of the Holy Church, and we can all walk away here today knowing that despite our differences, compromise can always be reached and a future without conflict is possible,” the Lodestar Matron said.

“I shall personally swear upon everything that has been offered today. I will even add that for the next ten thousand years, not a single descendant of the Usurper will be allowed outside of Holy Church territory.”

Jake had to admit, she was clearly serious in these negotiations. He also knew how hard it was for the Church to offer anything Jake would actually want. Giving him money was pointless, so what was offered was close to all they could offer. Materials usually exclusive to the Holy Church were also very valuable, primarily due to their exclusivity, and if Jake took this offer, the conflict in the Milky Way could end right there and now.

With a single nod of approval or just one word, Jake could put a stop to everything.

However... the price wasn’t small. Jake despised Ell’Hakan’s Bloodline and what it was capable of doing. He wanted it gone from the multiverse. Agreeing today would allow its continued existence. Sure, it would be under the control and supervision of the Holy Church, and Jake did trust that the Holy Church would have that shit on lock and could effectively control everyone with the Bloodline. That wasn’t the problem.

Truthfully, Jake had come to the Holy Church only with the intention of putting up the front of wanting to actually negotiate. He just wanted to at least have the Church be the aggressor, giving him just cause to start what was bound to be a slaughter.

The Church had obviously also expected this as a likely outcome based on the thousands of elites all around him in the empty military installation. They were fully ready to fight should negotiations break down, but with everything he’d seen so far, their ideal outcome was definitely one where no fighting had to happen.

In the end, the deciding factor for what his answer would be probably came down to one simple matter:

Could Jake really trust the Holy Church with Ell’Hakan’s Bloodline? Could he truly live with the knowledge it was still out there, even if Ell’Hakan was gone?

It wasn’t easy, but ultimately, after considering everything carefully, Jake knew his answer...
