 hitting for my sister and multitasking with ten or more mana spheres for my bond, we took a break.
Sylvie, Ellie, Boo and I rested near the grassy patch beside the pond, eating the sandwiches brought to us by a hulking woman that was apparently a chef inside the castle.
“Hey, Art,” my sister called as she absentmindedly picked the vegetables off her sandwich. “What would you say are the biggest drawbacks of fighting using pure mana? From what I’ve seen while you and Sylvie were practicing these past few days, her spells seemed really versatile, even against all of your elemental attacks.”
“Stop picking them out and just eat it,” I chided, gently slapping her hand. “And to answer your question, I can think of three big reasons why most mages prefer to use magic of their elemental affinity rather than just pure mana spells. First reason is that it uses up a lot of your mana reserves.”
“More so than elemental spells?” Ellie interrupted.
“Pure mana can only come from your mana core, which—as you know from experience—is often time consuming to gather and purify. Elemental magic also uses mana from your core but it’s also powered by the ambient mana that consists of all of the elements,” I explained.
Ellie’s brows furrowed as she tried to wrap her head around the concept. “I’m not sure I follow.”
I thought for a moment, trying to come up with an appropriate analogy. “Ah, so it’s kind of like this. Imagine I’m on top of a snowy hill and I’m trying to hit you, who’s at the bottom, with a snowball.”
“Why am I the one getting hit?” she frowned.
I looked at her with a deadpan expression. Sylvie chuckled beside me as she tossed a sandwich to Ellie’s drooling bond.
“Okay, okay. Please continue.”
“A mage using elemental magic would first make a snowball with his hands but instead of just throwing it, he would roll it down the hill so that the snowball picks up more snow from the ground. By the time it hits you, we’ll say the snowball turned into the size of Boo,” I continued.
Boo let out grunt upon hearing his name but quickly turned his attention back to Sylvie, who was the only one feeding him.
“Now, a mage using a pure mana spell of the same ‘power’ will have to make the snowball and pack it with more and more snow until it’s the size of Boo before throwing it down at you. See the difference?”
“That sounds like a lot of work,” Ellie admitted. “Okay, what are the other reasons?”
“It’s harder to effectively control pure mana once it’s been expelled from your body, and”—deciding it’d be easier to just show her the last reason, I willed a field of stone spikes to shoot out from the ground a few dozen yards from where we were—“unlike what I did just now, pure mana spells must originate from the caster.”
Just by looking at my sister, I could see that the proverbial light seemed to have lit up in her head.
“Anyway, since we’ve taken a break, why not continue a little longer?” I suggested, getting up.
“Yes!” Ellie agreed, bolting up as well. “Hey Sylvie, can you do what you did earlier and make those moving panels? I want to try to hit them!”
“Sure,” My bond smiled. “Shoot some mana arrows off course so I can practice reacting as well!”
A smile escaped my lips as I watched the two run off when the doors to the training room opened once more. A single guard came running in, and just by his expression, I knew it wasn’t good.
Sylvie and Ellie’s eyes followed the guard that stopped in front of me and saluted before speaking.
“General Arthur! News of a massive corrupted beast horde has come from the Wall. Commander Virion is currently waiting for you in the dock with a team of mages to go with you as back up.”





Chapter 208
Chapter 208: Enemy Territory II
CIRCE MILVIEW
Alacryan
“Please... Maeve! I need a break,” I begged the caster in between ragged breaths.
Looking behind me, I saw Cole just a few paces away running desperately to keep up with us. Suddenly, Maeve, who had been pulling me by the arm, stopped. I barely managed to avoid colliding with her when she let go of me and pointed up at large tree. “Let’s take cover here.”
Fatigue weighing down my body, Maeve hoisted me up the tree while Cole barely managed to push himself up onto the lowest branch. The strenuous task of climbing up high enough on the tree to stay hidden took the better half of an hour.
Finally satisfied, Cole leaned back against the trunk of the tree, her legs dangling in the air. I peeled out of Fane’s oversized silver breastplate so that my sweat-drenched shirt could dry off a little.
The three of us remained silent, each doing whatever task they deemed more important to them. After eating a few strips of dried meat, Cole immediately set a barrier around us while Maeve cycled mana.
As for me, I knew what I had to do, but I couldn’t bring myself to do it. Instead I turned to where Cole and Maeve were and asked hesitantly. “D-Do you think Fane made it out?”
Maeve opened one eye—just one eye—but the anger that exuded out of that eye made me wince. Cole shuffled over and sat between Maeve and I so we weren’t in direct eye contact of each other. “Circe. Focus on the mission. Can you use True Sense yet?”
Cole’s voice was soft and gentle, yet his expression had hardened to a point where he looked like a different person compared to when I had first met him back in Alacrya.
I nodded my head and prepared myself, but when I closed my eyes, the scene from earlier today still flashed like it was still happening right now.
It was all my fault. If I hadn’t gone off from the camp.
There was no one there when I checked. I just wanted to wash my clothes in the stream.
I rattled on more reasons in my head. The stream we had passed by was less than a hundred yards from where we were hiding. I double—no, triple—checked using my crest to make sure there was no one within my heightened range of awareness. Throughout our journey, our whole group made extra precautions to hide our trail. We had even dug holes into the ground every time we did our ‘business’ and covered it back up with dirt and foliage.
So, how? How did I get caught on my way back to the camp?
If I hadn’t kept my crest active, I would’ve led the elves straight to where the rest of the group was hiding.
I thought that I was in the clear after throwing them off. I ran for over an hour in the opposite direction before circling back to where Fane, Maeve, and Cole were.

Still, by the expression on everyone’s expression after I had told them what happened, I knew it wasn’t as simple as that.
Fane immediately ripped off my outer robe and gave me his silver chestplate for me to wear. Maeve cursed and turned away while Cole slumped, crestfallen.
I didn’t know what was happening back then. It was only Fane that gave me a gentle smile and said goodbye. The same Fane that had the personality of a poked snake tousled my hair and told Maeve and Cole to protect me.
Draping my robe over his shoulders, he dropped down from the tree we were hiding in and ran off.
Confused, I had almost called out after the veteran striker of our team, only to have Maeve cover my mouth with her hand. ‘We can’t have the elves suspecting that someone is out there. Do you understand? That’s why Fane has to go pretend to be you,’ Maeve had hissed into my ear.
<p class="p1">***
I snapped back to reality when I felt a hand on my shoulder. Cole mustered a smile and mouthed for me to hurry.
Gritting my teeth and praying that Fane would survive, I closed my eyes again and ignited my emblem. For a split second, as I felt my consciousness leaving my body, I was tempted to focus my limited time in this form to search for Fane.
Snap out of it, Circe. The mission. Focus on the mission.
I navigated through the perception-debilitating fog that was native to this area using True Sense and locked in on multiple elements this time.
My heart thumped at the sight of the rich ambient mana particles in the distance.
We’re almost there!
Unable to keep True Sense active for much longer, I released the spell and let out a deep breath. Slowly opening my eyes, I saw both Cole and Maeve staring at me intently.
Despite the guilt and fatigue pressing down on me, I allowed a small grin. “We’re almost there. Just a few more days away at our pace now.”
With my words boosting the overall morale of our small team, we decided to make haste. I put Fane’s silver chestplate back on despite its weight restricting my speed. Without Fane with us as our vanguard, I knew I’d need every advantage I can get. After all, I’ve been drilled enough by my team members to know that everything we’ve done so far would’ve been for naught if I were to die.
Still, dangerous thoughts of assuming that another sentry would succeed invaded my mind. I wasn’t a hero. I wasn’t like Fane or Maeve that had trained for years to handle these sort of situations. Even Cole, while only a few years older than me, had quite a bit of experience hunting beasts in the scouting teams back in Alacrya.
Me? I had barely graduated before I was recruited for this mission. A few weeks ago, before stepping through that highly unstable portal into this continent, I was still packing up my belongings in my assigned school housing so I could go back home to my blood.
Stumbling on a tree root snapped me out of my thoughts. Thankfully, Maeve was able to grab my arm and stop me from actually falling flat on my face on the ground.
The caster shot me a glare but didn’t say anything. We weren’t running particularly fast and the sun had yet to go down so she knew I just wasn’t paying attention.
Gnashing my teeth together, I did my best to push away any useless thoughts as we hastened our pace in the direction I was leading them.

I have to survive. For my younger brother.
I repeated those words in my mind like a mantra. The great Vritra will be able to save my brother and bless him with magic so that he could lead a prosperous life if I succeed.
A mental ring that notified me whenever a new presence entered my range of perception roused me out of my reverie. I stopped in my tracks and held out an arm with two fingers to stop Maeve and Cole as well.

They immediately understood the signal and we immediately climbed up the closest tree. Unable to strengthen my body like Cole and Maeve, I scrambled for the lowest branch. In my rush, my foot slipped on a moss-covered root.
My head hit the trunk with a dull thud that sounded like an explosion within this quiet forest. I didn’t even care about the pain. The huge blunder that I had caused made my heart drop.
Did they hear that? Is it over?
A thousand more thoughts flashed through my mind until I finally noticed the translucent tint around me and the blurred view on the other side of Cole’s barrier.
Great Vritra, that was close! I breathed, making a mental note to thank Cole for the nice save.
“Hurry!” Maeve urged while Cole focused on reinforcing his barrier.
I quickly grabbed the caster’s outstretched hand and used her help to pull myself up onto the branch. My heart felt as if it were about to break out of my ribcage as my breathing grew more erratic, but I didn’t have the time or luxury to gather myself.
Maeve had already climbed up a few feet higher. I followed close, using the same handholds and footholds she had used to climb up the tree while Cole took the rear.
The three of us had to be extra careful as we traversed up the giant tree. Going too fast meant that we might shake leaves off the branches which might give away our position.
My arms ached and my legs trembled, half out of fatigue and half out of fear. I desperately wished my mark had allowed some form of body enhancement but I knew hoping for that now was stupid.
Finally, Maeve stopped at a particular branch and helped me up. The branches this high up were too thin for all of us to be on one altogether, so we each sat on our own tree limb and hugged the trunk in order to lessen the burden on our seats.
Cole, who was about to strengthen his barrier stopped on my signal.
“I’ll tell you when they’re close enough,” I whispered. We needed his barrier at its full power if they got near.
The two presences were heading toward us but were still a few hundred feet away. I narrowed the focus of my second crest and with it, I was able to faintly hear the two elves talking.
“We should head back, Albold. We’ve already strayed far enough from our survey route,” one voice said.
“Just a second,” the second voice, Albold, replied lightheartedly.

“You probably just heard a forest hare or something,” the first voice said.
“It wasn’t really a sound,” the elf named Albold said as he continued approaching where we were hiding. “It was more like an inkling.”
“I swear, if you weren’t a Chaffer, I would’ve just left,” the first said. “Either way, it’s good to have you back—quirks and all.”
“Thanks. Double thanks for promising not to tell our head about this little ‘detour’,” Albold said with a soft chuckle as he continued to lead his partner closer to our location.
“We can only afford a little detour,” the partner stressed. “That damned Alacryan is still on the loose. How are they even this far up north, anyway?”
I bit down on my lips but a smile still managed to escape. He’s alive!
“If I knew, we wouldn’t be out here like this,” Albold scoffed.
Prying myself away from the perceptions of my crest, I turned to Cole and nodded. He nodded back and tightened his veiling barrier to barely encompass the three of us. Tightening the area of effect strengthened his magic allowed him the spare mana to add two more layers of barriers
I ignited my crest once more and focused my entire magic on the two elves approaching. They were less than fifty feet away now.
Please, Vritra, let them just pass like the other scouts.
I wiped away the sweat rolling down my face every several seconds in fear that the drops might fall down and wet the ground.
I held my breath as well. I knew it wasn’t necessary. I knew the barrier would mask most of the noises made but even Cole and Maeve were as still as the tree we were perched on.
Holding up both my hands, I mouthed ‘ten feet’ to my teammates. Cole swallowed hard and Maeve’s expression turned even more fierce.
I looked down at the base of the tree, hoping—praying for them to not to come into view.
The snap of a twig nearby made stiffen. I looked at Cole and Maeve but both of them were focused intently on the ground below us.
Then we saw them. The two elves. One had long hair tied tightly behind his neck while the other one had cropped hair and ears slightly longer than his comrade. Unlike the long-haired elf that was looking around aimlessly, the short-haired one kept his head down as he walked.
The latter slowed his pace, his head still dipped down like he had lost a coin on the ground.
Please, just keep walking.
Please.
He was now adjacent to the tree we were on.
I let out a sigh when suddenly, the elf’s head jerked left. He looked at the base of the tree.
More accurately, he was looking at the moss on the root. The moss that I had stepped and slipped on.
The fear that I had been pushing down bubbled up, threatening to swallow me.
Please.
The short-haired elf stopped walking and his head turned up until I could make out his face... and his eyes... that seemed to be looking directly at me.





Chapter 209
Chapter 209: Deployed
ARTHUR LEYWIN
“I’m going with you!” Ellie’s voice sounded from behind.
I stopped in my tracks and the guard beside me halted as well. Turning back to lock eyes with my sister, I struggled to hold down the words, ‘it’s too dangerous.’
Sylvie had already read what I wanted to say but she stayed quiet beside me.
“You promised, remember?” Ellie’s gaze remained resolute as she walked to me.
“A massive horde of corrupted beasts,” I muttered softly.
“You’ll be with me,” she answered immediately. “And I’ll have the protection of the Wall.”
‘I understand your dilemma but this is a good opportunity,’ Sylvie chimed in. ‘I’ll be with her as well and casting arrows from the top of the Wall is little more than target practice for her.’
But what if the beasts break through?
‘I know you won’t let that happen,’ she answered with a soothing wave of confidence.
The guard beside me scratched his head and kept shifting his gaze toward the exit impatiently. “General Arthur...”
“We’re going,” I stated as I began walking toward the training ground exit once again.
Looking back over my shoulder, I called out to my sister. “What are you doing? Let’s go.”
Ellie visibly brightened as a contagious smile blossomed on her face. She followed after me in a full run. “Come on, Boo!”
Immediately outside of the training grounds there was an unfamiliar mage with a large sparrow-like bird perched on his shoulder, stood, waiting. After making eye contact, he respectfully inclined his head. “Greetings, General Arthur. I am Officer Julor Strejin. A member of my squad surveying the Beast Glades was the one to spot the horde. I will be briefing you of the situation at the Wall.”
“Officer Julor,” I acknowledged with a nod.
Without wasting any time, the officer began informing me of everything that I was expected to know. Two other mages—both highly-accomplished adventurers before joining the army—would be accompanying us as additional support to the Wall. The best estimate on the size of the beast horde was somewhere close to twenty thousand. Although a majority seemed to be from D-class to B-class, there were several A-class and even quite a bit of S-class mana beasts spotted.
“Unfortunately, we weren’t able to get too close because of the Alacryan mages, but we spotted at least a dozen S-class mana beasts,” Julor stated solemnly.
I looked back at Ellie. “A dozen S-class mana beasts. And the fact that they’re corrupted means they’ll be even stronger and more fierce.”

Ellie’s face paled but her expression remained firm. “I’ll be okay.”
My determined, talented, yet sheltered, sister has definitely never seen a mana beast besides the tamed bonds in Xyrus when she was younger. I doubted she could even fathom how scary an S-class beast was but here I was, leading her straight into not only one, but a dozen... along with several thousands of other beasts.
‘They’re only mana beasts, Arthur,’ Sylvie comforted.
Right, I responded back mentally.
I turned to Julor. “Any signs of retainers or scythes, Officer?”
“None,” he replied confidently. “Which was why Commander Virion deemed that just sending a single lance was necessary.”
“Okay. How many days do we have until the horde reaches the Wall?” I asked.
“By the pace that they’re marching, we expect them to arrive in no more than two days time,” he answered before shooting a glance at where Sylvie and my sister were. I could tell he was about to say something but he held his tongue.
We walked in silence for the remainder of our small walk until we reached the docking room. It was relatively quiet inside the usually-bustling space. Besides the several workers strapping saddles on giant hawk-like mana beasts, I could only see Virion with a small entourage when we had arrived.
“Arthur!” Virion called out, his once-cheerful disposition had faded, instead replaced by war-weary eyes. Beside him were two mage soldiers and a few maids behind them.
“Commander.” I saluted before walking up to the old elf.
“I’m sure Officer Julor informed you of the situation so let me quickly introduce you to the two mages I’ve chosen to support you at the Wall. “This is Callum Hembril. He’s young, barely past thirty, but already an accomplished fire conjurer in the solid-yellow core stage.”
The chestnut-haired mage stepped forward, his long coiled bangs covering his forehead. He had an inquisitive look on him that he quickly covered with an amiable smile. “Callum, as introduced by the commander. Pleasure.”
Virion stuck a thumb back at the figure a few feet behind Callum. “This big lug here is a dark-yellow core augmenter, but he’s been out on the fields of the Beast Glades for over forty years.”
The barrel-chested man that stood almost a foot over me and twice my girth was covered from the neck down in heavy plate armor that glowed dully. He had short hair and his lower face was dark with stubbles. With a piercing gaze that seemed to be assessing every inch of my body, he stretched out a hand toward me. “Gavik Lund.”
I shook his hand that seemed almost as wide as Boo’s paws, before turning back to Virion. “So, what’s the plan?” By those mounts getting ready, I’m assuming we’re traveling by air?”
“Mhmm. Those are Callum’s and Gavin’s mounts,” Virion informed. “The closest teleportation gate is in Blackbend City and the train hasn’t yet been fully finished. It’s fortunate that the Castle’s location is relatively close to the Wall.”
I turned to my bond. “I can fly myself. Do you think you’ll be able to carry Ellie while holding Boo?”
Finally grasping the situation, Boo let out a moan of protest.
“If the trip isn’t too long, I’ll be able to manage,” Sylvie answered, ignoring my sister’s giant bond.
“Wait, the little kid and her pet cub is coming along?” Gavik asked with a scowl. “Commander, is that wise? There will be a massive army of mana beasts.”
“She’s an adept conjurer that’ll be valuable to have stationed on the wall,” I cut in. “And since when was it okay to refer to a general’s sister as a ‘little kid’?”

Gavik, despite being about three times my age, blanched.
“My... apologies,” he muttered. “Didn’t know she was your sister, General Arthur.”
Virion’s expression was laced in worry, but he didn’t comment on Ellie going with me. Instead, he waved over the attendants that were standing behind him. They walked up carrying a large wooden chest with runes etched into its entire surface. “Anyways, before you leave, I prepared a little something. It’s not much, but I think wearing something a bit more eye-catching might help with the level of morale at the Wall.”

Virion placed a hand on the lid and the runes lit up before opening with a click. Several compartments popped out of the chest to reveal an entirely new outfit for me.
“Jand, Brune, help the General get dressed,” Virion ordered. Before I could protest, his attendants had grabbed me and led me to the side of the room where a dressing stall had been conveniently set up beforehand.
The male immediately began undressing me while the lady attendant started working on my hair. After brushing it, she tied the back neatly and trimmed my bangs.
I should cut my hair soon, I noted mentally. My hair had gotten long enough to reach past my shoulders. If it wasn’t for my height and relatively broad shoulders, I could easily have been mistaken for a girl from the back.
‘And from the front,’ my bond added, her thoughts invading into mine. ‘You’re prettier than some of the noble females I’ve seen in the Castle.’
I groaned internally. Yeah... I should definitely cut my hair soon.
As soon as my hair had been tamed, they got to work on the outfit. I wore a black high-collared shirt that conveniently covered the burn marks on my neck that I had gotten from the first retainer that I had fought against. Trousers that felt surprisingly thick despite its lightness fell tight below my knees, which were designed intentionally so that the thin dark-gray greaves could comfortably slip over my shins.
The attendants then equipped braces of the same material and color of my greaves over my arms before slipping on tight, fingerless gloves over my hands.
While the appearance of the outfit was a tad over the top with its intricate trimmings and engraved armor on my shins and forearms, Virion knew precisely what sort of armor would best suit me. While protection was minimal, the braces and greaves would allow me some form of defense while leaving my movements unimpeded.
“The last touch, General Arthur,” the male attendant announced as he carefully draped a waist-long mantle over me that was lined in white fur.
I walked out of the dressing stall, and despite the thicker layers of clothing I had changed into, my body felt freer and lighter than it had before. Callum and Gavik had already hopped onto their mounts, ready to depart.
“Ah! Much better,” Virion said with an approving nod.
“Where’d my brother go?” my sister teased as she looked around the room.
I rolled my eyes, making my way back to the commander, who was wearing a gray fur-lined coat that fell just below his ankles over his usual loose robe. “You really like your furs.”
“That mantle is an old piece of mine that I wore back when I was younger,” Virion said, his eyes growing softer as if he was reminiscing of the past. “Although it doesn’t look as good on you as it did on me, I’ll let you have it.”
I raised a brow in surprise. “Thank you for the outfit.”
He smirked. “Thank me by keeping the Wall from falling.”
“Will do.”

The large bifold doors that took up an entire wall opened, letting in a constant rush of air as the floor below us slowly slid out toward the large exit. I motioned for Sylvie and my sister to follow as I made my way toward the edge of the castle. My bond soon caught up, walking behind me with Ellie and Boo in tow.
I relished the beautiful sight of the sky below us. “I forget sometimes how high up the Castle is in the sky!”
“Tell me about it! At least we can’t see how far up we are because of the clouds below,” my sister shouted over the sound of the wind.
I let out a laugh. “Just be sure to hold onto Sylvie tightly!”
“I won’t drop you,” my bond reassured.
Boo let out another groan.
Sylvie shook her head. “I won’t drop either of you.”
The sight of Callum and Gavik on their mounts whizzed by. The tamed mana beasts dove off the edge of the dock before reappearing into view with wings spread out.
“Let’s go!” I shouted as I ran toward the edge.
Sylvie began glowing as she transformed into her draconic form. “Jump, Ellie!” she shouted, her voice a pitch deeper than it was before.
I watched the obsidian dragon sail above the clouds with Ellie on her back and Boo in her clawed hands.
Using the sound of Ellie’s screams as the cue, I jumped off the edge as well, following the rest.
<p class="p1">***
How are you holding up? I asked my bond, whose speed seemed to be getting slower.
‘It seems that, despite all of my magical and physical capabilities, I wasn’t designed to be an efficient mode of delivery,’ she replied, looking down at the large bear that had fallen asleep while dangling in Sylvie’s arms.
Several hours had passed since our departure and besides the gorgeous views of the sky and clouds, it was a boring journey. We had settled into a comfortable speed heading southeast with Callum and Gavik leading just a few dozen yards ahead. After my sister’s initial excitement—and Boo’s terror—of flying had died down, the two had fallen asleep, one on Sylvie’s back and the other in her hands.
Ahead, Callum conjured a bright flare and signaled that we were descending. The two mages then led their avian steeds below the sea of clouds, both disappearing from view.
Looks like we’re almost there. You’ll be able to get some rest once we land, I conveyed to my bond before following after Callum and Gavik.
The shroud of wind I had cast over my body kept all of the moisture from the clouds away from me but Ellie wasn’t as fortunate. As I watched Sylvie descend through the thick layer of water vapor, I couldn’t help but chuckle at the sight of my sister awake, drenched and grumpy. Boo’s thick fur was drench and matted down to his skin, making him look scrawnier than what I had imagined.
I shot a smirk at my sister, but her gaze was glued below, jaw agape.
‘Arthur. Look down,’ Sylvie sent along with a wave of concern.
I peered down, the layer of mist thin enough for me to finally see through. And what I saw was truly a sight to behold.
I could only describe it as a sea. A sea of black and gray that was made up of what could only be the corrupted beasts. We were several miles above ground and the beast horde was still more than a day away, at the least, but already my chest clenched in suspense.
Callum and Gavik had both stopped their descent to behold the sight below, exchanging concerned glances with one another every few seconds.
The Wall, the fortress housing close to several hundred mages and soldiers, responsible for keeping this beast army at bay, looked tiny—insignificant—in comparison.
I could feel heart speeding and my blood boiling to the extent that my hands were trembling.
Sylvie’s presence seeped into my mind, snapping me out of my reverie. ‘Arthur. You’re smiling.’





Chapter 210
Chapter 210: Awaiting the Horde
We arrived at the ground level of the Wall, where a small welcoming team was waiting for us around the designated landing podium.
Sylvie, after dropping Boo on the ground, transformed back to her human form.
“Ahh—oof!” my sister let out as she fell into my arms. “Couldn’t you have used wind magic to like... I don’t know... gently float me down to the ground?”
I looked down at her with a smirk. “I thought all girls wanted to be carried this way at one point in their lives.”
“Gross,” Ellie groaned as she rolled out of my arms, landing deftly on her feet. As she dusted herself off, she looked around for the first time, only to start blushing as her eyes scanned our surroundings.
‘Arthur,’ Sylvie nudged mentally from beside me.
I pried my gaze from my sister to realize that there was a crowd forming, silent and expectant. Callum and Gavik had already handed their mounts off to the beastkeepers and were awaiting orders.
“L-Let go of me, idiot brother!” Ellie whispered.
Dropping her on her feet, I teased, “Are you embarrassed of your brother?”
“General Arthur,” a familiar voice called out. I turned to see Captain Trodius Flamesworth with both Albanth and Jesmiya on either side of him. Upon making eye contact, the three of them inclined their heads respectfully.
Rather than addressing the captains first, I swept my gaze through the crowd. Most of the people appeared to be the merchants or workers who worked within the Wall, rather than the soldiers.
You should’ve stayed in your draconic form, Sylvie.
‘They’re staring at you, not me,’ my bond responded with a faint smile.
To keep the morale high, the soldiers most likely did not inform them of how large the enemy force was, but even then, their eyes were filled with worry. It seemed that having a boy the age of many of their children as backup didn’t particularly fill them with confidence. Some of them were even mumbling to their neighbors about whether or not I was really a lance.
I let out a heavy breath and ignited Realmheart. Power surged through my limbs and the world shifted into a colorless scene aside from mana particles that lit up around me. While the runes glowing on my body were covered by my clothes, it was obvious that the change in my hair and eyes stunned the crowd.
There were gasps that could be heard even from where I was standing and many of the people in the crowd buckled, unable to bear the pressure of my aura—even with me holding back.
“While my presence in this fortress may be unnecessary, my only wish is to expedite our victory with as little loss to our forces as possible,” I stated with my head held high.
The people in the crowd erupted into cheers and shouts as I walked toward Trodius and the two captains beside him.

Suppressing my dragon will, I returned to my normal auburn-haired form to greet the senior captain in charge of the Wall.
“Senior Captain Trodius Flamesworth.” I held out a gloved hand. “I didn’t think I’d have the pleasure of meeting you again so soon.”
The senior captain shook my hand with a tired smile and waited as I repeated the same gesture to the other two captains.
“General,” Jesmiya said curtly.
Albanth removed his armored gauntlet and shook my hand. “General Arthur. Pleasure to have you here.”
“Let’s head to the meeting room,” I declared, matching my pace with the large armored man in charge of the Bulwark Division, whose main duty was to defend the Wall. “My younger sister would like to contribute in this battle. Her skills as a magic archer should be of use to your troops. If you’d like to test her out...”
“No need for that, General. A lance’s word is plenty enough for me and my men,” Captain Albanth responded resolutely. “I’ll also have my most capable soldier guiding her.”
“Benjamin!” Without stopping, Albanth beckoned for a messenger and had him fetch the guard.
“I don’t need a babysitter, you know,” my sister complained, walking up to me. “I still have the pendant you gave me and Mom, remember?”
Ellie pulled out the phoenix wyrm pendant I had gotten her and Mother on Ellie’s twelfth birthday.
“I’ve let you come on this mission as I promised, but you’re not allowed to say anything about me taking extra precautions,” I chided. “That pendant only works once and it’s not something I can easily acquire again.”
By the time our small group had arrived at the familiar meeting tent, the soldier that had been beckoned for by Albanth was already there.
“Stella,” Albanth called out. “This is General Arthur’s younger sister...”
“Eleanor Leywin,” my sister finished with a salute.
“Eleanor Leywin. She’s a capable magic archer that I’ll leave under your direct care,” the captain of the Bulwark Division ordered. “Make sure she’s properly equipped before taking her to the top level.”
If the woman named Stella was discontent with being stuck protecting my sister, she did a great job of hiding it. Her scarred face was expressionless as she held her helmet in one hand and a mace in the other.
“Yes, Captain,” the soldier barked, clicking her armored heels. “Please follow me, Lady Eleanor.”
“Please. Just Eleanor, or even soldier, is fine.” My sister scratched her head in frustration as she followed after Stella.
“My apologies for having one of your soldiers guard my sister like this. She was rather adamant about serving and I thought the Wall would be a safe place to start.”
“Normally, I’d agree with you. But with the size and strength of this beast army approaching, I can’t say that for sure,” Albanth responded.

<p class="p1">***

After everyone had settled into their seats around the table, we started the strategy meeting. Those present were Senior Captain Trodius, Captain Jesmiya, Captain Albanth, Callum, Gavik, Sylvie and myself.
“While discussing battle strategy is important, I believe getting a better understanding of our troops currently at the Wall, out in the Beast Glades, and those arriving should take precedence,” Trodius began.
With a silver croupier’s rake, the senior captain began sliding markers around the large map spread out on the table.
“Each large marker represents a thousand troops and small, a hundred. Does this look about right?” Trodius confirmed with Jesmiya and Albanth.
“Not including the freelance adventurers currently under my wing, we have just bit shy of two thousand,” Albanth confirmed.
Jesmiya used her sheathed sword to move around a few smaller pieces around in the territory of the Beast Glades. “One of my scouting units returned a few minutes before General Arthur arrived. The head will be joining us shortly to report.”
“Thank you,” Trodius said with a nod. “We have a few more adventurers making their way here but their numbers won’t be greater than a hundred so these will be what we have to make do with. General Arthur, I’ve heard many praises from Commander Virion about your strategic abilities. Would you like to offer a plan of action?”
Both Albanth and Jesmiya regarded me with surprise, most likely at the fact that I was not only proficient in combat but in military tactics as well.
I shook my head. “I’m unfamiliar of the inner workings of the Wall and its residents. I think it’d be best if you take charge, though I may offer some suggestions here and there.”
“Noted,” Trodius replied promptly before moving on to his plan.
While I bore little fondness for the man that had tossed his own daughter aside like a broken toy, I had to admit that Trodius’ efficient and callous nature adapted well into his position of power.
The basic premise of his plan was to slay as many of the corrupted beasts as possible before they reached the Wall. This meant that there would be several units sent out as cannon fodder out of range from the mages stationed on the Wall.
Trodius continued on with his plan, moving pieces around the map to indicate four units that would take a more roundabout way in their approach toward the beast horde.
“I believe our main advantage against the approaching enemy is that they do not appear to have a strategy, outside of marching through the doors with a few Alacryan mages to herd them in place.” the senior captain voiced, moving two large pieces on either side of the Wall. “Thus, while we send in a steady stream of normal soldiers and augmenters from the Bulwark Division to impede enemy movement, two units of the Trailblazer Division will move out early and get in position to flank on either side.”
The senior captain paused for a moment before speaking again. “With enough rounds of concentrated attacks on both the front and the sides, by the time the beast horde is in range of the mages at the Wall, the conjurers stationed with the help of General Arthur should be enough to finish it off.”
Captain Albanth looked blatantly dissatisfied with the plan of sending in his soldiers to their death while even Captain Jesmiya was thoroughly studying the map for a better alternative when I spoke up.
Something feels off.
‘While the lives of the soldiers sent out aren’t cheap, this plan seems fairly reasonable,’ Sylvie rebutted, staring at the map as well.

No, not that.
“General Arthur? Is something the matter?” Trodius asked.
“Huh?” I looked up to see all three of the captains, as well as the mages that had I come with staring at me.
“Your finger.” The senior captain pointed at my right hand. Unknowingly, I had been tapping my finger on the table.
“My apologies. I was just thinking.”
Trodius’ brow twitched. “If you are dissatisfied with the plan that I have offered—”
“No it’s not that.” I interrupted, raising my hand. “Whether this is a good or bad strategy, I’m not quite sure yet. However, I feel like this attack will most likely be their last on this front.”
“What do you mean?” Captain Albanth asked.
“The Alacryans have been sending a steady stream of corrupted beasts to the Wall along with their mages, and while effective, thinking from a strategic standpoint, that isn’t a feasible long-term strategy,” I answered.
“Captain Jesmiya.” I locked eyes with the blond-haired division leader. “You’ve stated that your troops have wiped out most of the dungeons that the Alacryans used to hide their teleportation gates in, correct?”
She nodded. “Yes. The few gates that my troops have been finding recently were those already broken.”
It was common knowledge that the Alacryan teleportation gates in the Beast Glades were rather limited in the number of times that they could be used. Even some of the more stable ones that the Trailblazer Division had found were deemed too unstable to safely cross. The fact that the Alacryans had to take a gamble each time they wanted to send their troops to our continent spoke volumes of their leaders’ ruthlessness.
“Having little to no gates available for the Alacryans to slip into Dicathen through, it’ll be nearly impossible for the Alacryans that have made it through into the Beast Glades to receive supplies,” I continued.
“With how untamed the lands are there, they’d be busy just trying to survive once they run out of supplies, let alone plan an attack,” Gavik spoke.
“Which is why I feel they might be devoting everything they have into this last attack,” I finished, my eyes studying the map with furrowed brows.
“Not that I don’t agree with you, General Arthur, but how does that change our current predicament? Trodius asked, his tone impatient.
I circled our current location on the map with my finger. “It means that we might have to rethink our plan of sacrificing soldiers to keep the Wall fully intact.”
Albanth spoke up. “If it means not having to send my soldiers in a single-file line to their deaths, I’m all ears, General Arthur.”
“As am I,” Jesmiya agreed.
“A moment, please,” Trodius stated flatly. “While I am all for preserving as many of our men as possible, I’d like a plan that isn’t based on a ‘feeling’ or ‘hunch’.”
“Fair.” I nodded. “This is speculation on my part as well but my stance is that, in this phase of the war, keeping more men alive is imperative. We can rebuild a wall, Captain. We can’t rebuild people.”
Trodius’ eyes narrowed. “That’s a rather crude oversimplification of the situation, General. What happens if an Alacryan army attacks shortly after the beast horde if the Wall is in shambles?”
“Would a fortified wall hold off mages better than mages themselves?” I retorted. “Captain, I’m not saying we should just freely forfeit the Wall. I’m suggesting we sacrifice parts of our fortress as opposed to our men.”
After a moment of silence, Trodius let out a sigh and slid the silver rake he had been using to maneuver the pieces on the map. “Please continue.”
Accepting the gesture, I stood up and began moving the pieces around, all eyes following my me. “So here is what I had in mind...”





Chapter 211
Chapter 211: Awaiting the Horde II
“Your movements are too stiff,” I reprimanded as I thrusted the pommel of my practice sword into my opponent’s wrist. “You need to loosen your shoulders and wrists until the last moments of your swing. If you can’t do that, the sword you’re using is too big for you.”
The sharpened longsword clattered on the ground as the young soldier shook his armored hand with a grimace. “Thank you for the advice.”
“Next!” I called out to the few dozen soldiers standing in line a few yards in front of me.
A burly woman clad fully in plate armor, holding a buckler in one hand and a shortsword in the other, walked up and dipped her head before getting into a stance.
A dense layer of mana enveloped her body while tendrils of wind swirled around her blade.
“Same rules apply,” I said, raising my thin sabre-like sword at the woman. “Attack me with the intent to kill.”
Any sort of hesitation had been wiped clean on the armor-clad brunette’s face after watching her predecessors fail in even touching a hair on the fur-lined mantle that I hadn’t bothered to remove.
With a determined nod, she dashed forth with a tremendous amount of speed for someone weighed down by a full set of armor. She attacked with a simple horizontal swing, the reach of her blade extended by the wind magic imbued within the weapon.
Rather than dodging, I parried, deflecting her sword upwards which opened up her defense enough for me to fit an open palm into her chest.
The woman was quick enough to raise her buckler in time to block my strike, but she still ended up stumbling back a few steps.
I let out a sigh. “If you’re already hesitating, this match is over.”
“I’m not sure what you mean, General. I was able to block your counter successfully!” the woman responded, her brows scrunched together.
“It doesn’t matter. Even if you had landed that initial slash on me, it would’ve barely made a scratch on an augmenter or a mana beast.”
Anticipating her question, I went on. “ Why? Because your weight was already on your back leg before you even swung.
“Again.”

She approached me once more, this time with careful steps. With a sudden stamp of her feet, she advanced with a lunge, extending her blade’s reach once again.
I dodged with a simple sway of my head but by that time, the armor-clad soldier had already reeled back her sword. The stab I had expected was a feint in order to bash me with her buckler.
Letting the full force of her buckler hit my arm and lift me off my feet, I tried to see what she’d do but rather than continue her assault, she stepped back and raised her guard.
“Why did you stop?” I asked, dusting off my mantle. “You had me in the air where I’d be more vulnerable. You have your armor and buckler to make up for small mistakes.”
The soldier stood quiet for a moment before speaking confidently. “I was wary that you were preparing for a counterattack.”
“If I wanted to counterattack, I would’ve done so before you hit me with your shield, not after,” I retorted. “Your equipment and your fighting style are total opposites of each other. Your footwork, attacks, movements and feints all point to a speed-type augmenter, but your armor, shield and even sword says otherwise. I’m not sure if you’re doing this to confuse your enemies or confuse yourself, but pick a side, because you’re going to get tired real fast out in battle if you try to fight the way you are with all that on you. Next!”
Quite a few soldiers that had been relieved of their posts to take a break had lined up to spar against me. A small crowd of merchants and people not currently preparing for the beast horde had gathered as well, excitedly wondering if any of them would land a hit on me despite all of the limitations I put on myself.
So far, I had barely exchanged two or three moves before stopping my blade just short of a fatal blow and giving a few unadulterated pieces of advice to the soldiers about to face the horde of corrupted beasts.
Just as a new soldier stepped up into the stone ring I had conjured, Sylvie’s voice chimed in my head. ‘I thought you said you were going to try and get some rest before setting out?’
I looked back to see her descending the stairs with Gavik and Callum on either side of her. I couldn’t fall asleep so I figured I’d warm up my body and train a few soldiers while I’m at it. How was your trip up to the top of the Wall? Is Ellie doing okay?
My bond cracked a grin as she walked up to me before speaking aloud. “Ellie is adjusting pretty well. When I went to see how she was doing, she was busy practicing shooting from the edge with a few other soldiers. One looked around her age too.”
I looked up at the towering wall, surveying the bustling activity within it as everyone prepared for the plan I had suggested. “That’s good.”
Gavik spoke up, approaching the ring I was in. “Captain Albanth and his troops are following through and tearing down most of the support beams holding up the underground passages. Captain Jesmiya is reallocating her troops around the ends of the Wall but...”
The burly iron-clad adventurer shifted his gaze for a moment. “Is it really necessary for you and Lady Sylvie to go by yourselves?”
I raised a brow. “No offense to you or Callum, but are you confident in fighting alongside us without me having to worry about actually killing you?”
Gavik looked back at the curly-haired conjurer behind him before turning to face me. Both he and Callum steeled their gaze and nodded. “Yes.”
“You know, Commander Virion sent you out here to assist me in the Wall’s defense but I doubt he meant it in this way. Just stay here,” I dismissed, waving the two of them off.
I could hear Gavik grit his teeth even from where I was standing, but the two of them turned and left, weaving in between the mages and shovel-holding workers all filing towards the underground passages.

“We could’ve used their help,” Sylvie said after the two adventurers had gone off. “And they seemed really determined to go with us.”
I motioned for the soldier on the other edge of the ring to come and held up my blunted sword.
Gavik has a daughter that looked to be about my age or even younger, if the picture on that pendant is recent. I saw him sneaking in a kiss after the meeting, I stated to Sylvie while redirecting my opponent’s thrust.

I could hear my bond letting out a stifled laugh from behind before she spoke back to me telepathically. ‘And here I was beginning to think how cold my bond has been to these poor soldiers. It seems like you’re getting better at keeping your thoughts from leaking into mine.’
A man’s got to be able to keep a few secrets, I joked as my sabre proceeded to press against the nape of my opponent. “If I’m not wrong, you’ve had a big injury on your right side in the past, which is making you focus all of your defenses to that side. You’re leaving your left side too open because of that. Next.”
“Mind if I go next?” a familiar voice called out to my left.
Sylvie and I both turned towards the source of the voice and I could feel a flood of elation leaking from my bond as she dashed off.
With gunmetal-gray hair, a shade darker and still dripping with water, and bright turquoise eyes that seemed to nearly glow on their own, I saw my childhood friend wave in our direction.
“Tessia!” Sylvie cried as she basically ran straight into the elven princess.
I smiled, taking in the sight of the two of them. While Tess hadn’t physically changed much since the last time we met, I could tell at glance that she had grown due to manning the fields.
The princess shifted gazes between me and the child currently wrapped around her waist. It wasn’t until her eyes focused on the horns protruding out of the girls head that she made the connection. “ S-Sylvie? ”
“No more sparring for today!” I called out to the crowd of soldiers and adventurers waiting in line with weapons in their hands before I made my way toward my childhood friend.
For a while, I stood silent and listened as Tess and Sylvie talked. My bond had always had a deep fondness for Tess, even calling her ‘Mama’ at one point in her life. I could tell Tess was still trying to wrap her head around how the dragon and fox she had cuddled with like a pet was standing in front of her as a human.
From the conversation I overheard, Tess and her team had gotten back an hour ago after receiving orders from a messenger sent out by Captain Jesmiya and went straight to the inn to wash up and rest. Much like myself, my childhood friend couldn’t sleep and decided to walk around the market area of the Wall when she ran into me.
I let the two of them catch up, walking a few paces behind, when Tess looked back over her shoulder and raised a brow. “What’s so funny?”
“Huh? Oh, I didn’t even realize I was smiling,” I replied, touching my mouth. “It seems like Sylvie’s emotions are influencing mine.”

“Hmm, if I take that the wrong way, it comes off as you saying that you’re not happy to see me,” Tess teased.
“Unlike Arthur, I will wholeheartedly admit that I’m happy to see you,” my bond replied before her expression dampened a bit. “I just wish it was under better conditions.”
“I agree, but I’m glad I was able to see the two of you before I leave. You look much more charismatic in that sleek new outfit, General Arthur, but Sylvie! I can’t get over how cute and pretty you look in this form!” Tess comforted.
My bond’s chest puffed from the compliment as she replied, “Back when we were in Epheotus, my grandmother did tell me that I would grow up to be a very pretty dragon.”
“I’m not sure if you’d describe a pitch black twenty-foot dragon with gleaming yellow daggers for eyes as ‘cute,’” I responded back with a smirk.
“Is this how you two always talked inside your heads?” Tessia asked with a chuckle.
“We’d been getting along fairly maturely until you came, Tessia,” my bond replied. “Your presence must be affecting Arthur.”
I rolled my eyes. “And there’s that snide little attitude I missed.”
Sylvie simply shrugged as the three of us walked aimlessly around the lower levels of the Wall. Workers, blacksmiths, artificers and soldiers alike went out of their way to greet Tess as we passed by them.
“You’re looking prettier than ever, Princess! A sight for sore eyes in these parts!” a bald blacksmith shouted as he waved in our direction with a pair of tongs he had been holding.
“I’m going to tell your wife you said that,” Tess replied with a mischievous grin.
Sylvie and I chuckled as the old blacksmith paled and quickly got back to work on the set of arrowheads spread out on his anvil.
“Head Tessia!” a young girl covered in soot called out as she ran toward us. Catching her breath, she said, “My master has a new set of armor for you that she’s been working on in secret.”
Tess’ face visibly brightened at her words. “Oh! Tell Senyir that I’ll go visit her later tonight! Thank you for the message, Nat.”
“Anytime!” The little girl beamed, her white teeth glowing brightly against her blackened face. Seeing me and Sylvie, she tilted her head. Giving us a slight nod, she scurried off.
“As expected of Tessia,” Sylvie chimed.
“Since I’m part of the Trailblazer Division, I don’t get to spend as much time here as I’d like, but I still got to know a few people here and there,” my friend explained as we continued on.
Sylvie followed beside her. “Still, they treat you so kindly. Most of the people that we meet regard Arthur with either awe or fear.”
“Well, seeing the head of a unit is one thing. Seeing a lance as young as Arthur would elicit a different sort of feeling,” Tess chuckled.
“Still,” Sylvie sighed. “He can make do with some improvements on his interpersonal skills.”
“You know I’m walking right behind you two, right?” I cut in.
Tess laughed, and by the warm fuzziness growing inside me, I could tell that Sylvie was having as much fun as our childhood friend.
When we reached the steep set of stairs leading all the way to the top of the Wall, Tess stopped and stole a glance at me before turning to my bond. “Hey, Sylvie. Do you mind if I steal Arthur away from you for a bit?”





Chapter 212
Chapter 212: A Promise
Hugging Tess one more time, my bond headed up the Wall as we waved her off. The guards let her through the gate to the upper levels, and she walked out of sight.
‘Don’t think about other things and try to have some fun while you’re with her, Arthur,’ Sylvie sent.
“It’s surprisingly easy to get used to Sylvie in that form,” Tess said, turning to me.
I smirked. “Well, if it weren’t for those huge horns on the sides of her head, she’d just look like an unassuming little girl.”
“Those horns are pretty adorable though. But anyway”—Tess pointed in the direction of the merchant area and gave me a warm smile—“shall we head off as well?”
I smiled back. “Sure.”
It was an odd feeling as we walked through the crowds of people. My legs that had ached and felt so heavy without the aid of mana were light as I trotted alongside Tess. I watched as her head turned left and right and her expression changed from curiosity to amazement to delight as she took in the sight of the various booths and stands that merchants had set up along the street.
It was a rare feeling where, next to this girl that I had spent so many years of this life with, thoughts of my responsibilities as a lance and general in times of war weren’t priorities.
That was when it struck me.
This role that I had accepted for the sake of Dicathen had been slowly turning me back into the man I was back in my old world. There were some differences, of course. I had people I truly cared for, but in a sense, that made it worse. I felt like I had to be better—to make no mistakes—if I wanted to keep them alive as well.
“Has being apart from me for so long finally made you realize how pretty your childhood friend actually is?” Tess teased, snapping me out of my thoughts.
“Actually, yes,” I replied earnestly.
Not expecting that sort of reply, Tess blushed all the way to the tips of her ears.
“I-I see. Well, it’s good that you know now,” she said with a cough, her gaze avoiding me.
I surveyed the crowd around us, finding mostly adventurers garbed in chainmail or hard leather armor and the occasional off-duty soldier, still wearing the insignia of their rightful division. “Is it always this busy here?”
“Mhmm. Having so many mercenaries and adventurers here taking jobs and missions at the Wall brought about an influx of merchants and peddlers hoping to make money selling goods and services to them,” Tess explained quickly, grateful for the change in topic.
“This place really does have its own separate economy,” I uttered, admiring the bustling activities around us.
“Speaking of goods and services, there’s a place that I always wanted to try!” Tess pulled me by my arm and weaved through the tide of pedestrians until we arrived near the end of a line that wrapped around a single isolated cart.
Before I could even ask what could possibly warrant waiting in such a long line, a smoky scent crept up my nostrils. My stomach became almost as impatient as my watering mouth as the thick mixture of herbs and spices mingling alongside the savory aroma of grilled meat continued to bombard my senses.
“Doesn’t it smell fantastic?” Tess asked excitedly as she craned her neck to try and get a better view of the cart.
I nodded. “If it tastes as good as it smells, maybe I should make your grandfather hire him as a chef inside the Castle.”
“Tempting, but I’d feel bad for all the people here that look forward to eating here,” she replied.
That’s when I noticed the gazes of all the people around us. Some whispered to the friends they were waiting in line with while others saluted or bowed.
Thankfully a disturbance ahead in the line caught the attention of the people around us. It seemed like someone was trying to make their way to the back of the line.
“Out of the way! Move it!” a gruff voice boomed.
Finally, a man a head shorter than Tess appeared through the sea of people ahead of us. He was carrying a small paper bowl filled with a steaming stew of meat and vegetables in each of his hands.
Locking gazes with Tess and then me, the stout man held up the bowls toward us. “It’s not much, but here. Even a lance shouldn’t fight on an empty stomach.”
“Thank you,” I said, reaching down for the piping hot stew while Tess did the same. “But how did you know we were even back here?”
The stand owner jerked his thumb back to point at the line. “It didn’t take long for news to travel all the way up to the front of the line.”
I let out a chuckle. “Regardless, thank you for the treat.”
The portly old man clicked his heels and saluted, which brought up his shirt to reveal a bulging stomach. “No. Thank you.”
His actions had a chain effect, causing all the people in the line to salute. Tess stifled a giggle and joined them, shooting me a wink while saluting as well.

After returning my respects to the people waiting in line, Tess and I went on our way to our next undecided destination.
“Looks like coming with you does have its perks,” Tess said as she used a wooden pick to skewer one of the charred meat dripping with sauce. “That place is always so busy, even the captains here don’t get that kind of treatment.”
After taking a bite, her eyes closed and a smile pulled at her lips. “Mmm, so good!”
“You’re probably the only person who’d regard a lance as a ‘perk,’ Tess,” I said, taking a bite as well. Needless to say, the stew was delicious enough to make the extravagant dishes served in the Castle pale in comparison. Despite my restraints, the flood of flavors on my senses were strong enough that even Sylvie felt my delight.
‘I hope you’ve saved enough for me,’ she sent with a tingle of curiosity laced in her voice.
Sorry, I don’t think I can promise you that, I replied while taking another bite.
Despite the constant din of people around us, I felt more at peace now than I ever had these past few months.
I was grateful to Tess, who kept me engrossed in the present. She pulled me aside toward every stall that interested her without a second thought. She laughed and smiled at the smallest things, but I found myself constantly looking forward to her reactions.
In a way, her bright and sometimes childish personality seemed so admirable. She had the responsibility to look after an entire unit. She spent days, sometimes weeks, out in the Beast Glades in conditions far from desirable. Yet, she was able to produce such a radiant smile that it infected those around her.
Tess’ hand slowly approaching the stew that I was holding brought me back to reality. “If you’re not going to eat that...”
I snapped the dish out of her reach just as the skewer in her hand attempted to fish out one of the few remaining meat cubes I had been saving. “You wish.”
Tess let out a frown. “As expected of a lance.”
I rolled my eyes. “Yes, because it’s imperative for a lance to learn how to defend his or her own food from treacherous allies.”
Skewering a meat cube with the pick in my hand, I held it out for Tess. “Here.”
My childhood friend’s eyes visibly brightened as she got on her tippy toes to snatch the meat with her mouth. “Sho good!”
I blinked as I stared at the empty pick in my hand.
“What’s wrong?” she said. “You’re kind of red. Do you have a fever?”
“It’s nothing!” I said, quickly turning around. “My body hasn’t been in the best condition these days.”
We walked in silence for a while. Tess looked a bit guilty because of what I said, even though I just said it to cover up a lie. Hoping to lift her mood, I pointed at a confectionery where several colorful dough-like desserts were displayed. While the line wasn’t long, there were quite a few people holding or eating the dough nearby. “That seems like a popular stall. Do you want something from there?”
“Oh! That’s a pretty popular dessert stand,” she said. “I’m okay, but Caria loves these. I’ll go by myself; just wait here, okay?”
“Okay.”
I smiled, watching her struggle with deciding which flavors to get while the old lady waited patiently on the other side of the stand.
Suspecting it would take a bit longer, I walked over to a smaller booth a few yards away.
“Interested, I see. You have a good eye, Sir,” the little boy attending the stand exclaimed. “What can I get for you?”
“I’m just looking around,” I answered, not taking my eyes off the display of trinkets and accessories laid out on top of the white cloth. “Actually, can I purchase this?”
“Of course! It’ll come out to be one sil—ouch!” the kid yelped, looking back. “What gives, Mom?”
“What do you think you’re doing?” an older woman huffing for breath chided. She looked at me apologetically. “I’m so sorry, General. My boy here is a bit ignorant of the world.”
“General? You?” the boy said, dumbfounded. “But you’re like the same age as my brother!”
That earned him another smack from his mother before she handed me the item I wanted to purchase. “Please take this as an apology for my son’s rude behavior. Again, I’m so sorry.”
I let out a laugh. “No problem at all, and please let me pay.”
She waved her hand in dismissal. “Oh no! Please, how can I possibly take money from a lance!”
“Since it’s a present, I’d feel more confident in giving it to the person if I actually earned it,” I admitted.
“Is it that pretty lady over there with the silver—ouch! Mom!” The boy rubbed the spot on his shoulder where he’d gotten hit.
Chuckling, I tossed the kid a coin and thanked the two of them before walking back toward Tess.

“Wait! This is a gold coin!” the mother called from behind.
Looking back over my shoulder, I held up the charm that I had just bought. “I just paid what I thought this was worth. It’s very well-made, ma’am.”
The lady stared at me for a second, stunned, before she bowed. “Th-Thank you.”

I walked over to the dessert stand just in time to see Tess devouring some sort of stretchy dough in one bite. She looked at me with a guilty expression before holding one out for me as well. “Do ooh wunt shom too?”
“What happened to just buying it for Caria?” I teased with a laugh.
As the sun quickly set, the streets began to empty. We made a quick stop by the inn, where Tess dropped off the desserts she had bought for Caria. Unfortunately, she—along with the rest of her teammates—were still asleep, so I didn’t get to greet them.
“When do you leave for your next mission?” I asked, almost afraid of the answer.
“Later tonight,” she replied with downcast eyes.
“There’s a place I want to show you before you go then. Is that alright?” I asked with a smile.
<p class="p1">***
Tess let out a breath as she took in the sight around us. We had climbed to the spot on the cliff—the same place I had come to after fighting with my parents. With the sun inches away from the horizon, a warm light cast all over the Beast Glades.
“The view here is even better than from the Castle,” she said with another sigh.
“I agree.” I nodded. “Although I’ve only been here once before and found it by chance.”
There was a moment of silence as the two of us sat side by side, close enough where our shoulders just barely touched. Tess shifted her gaze away from the scenery below us and looked at me. “I wanted to say this earlier, but it’s been a while, Art.”
It must’ve been the way the red sun mixed together with her shiny gray hair or how she was tilting her head slightly so that the nape of her neck was exposed, because my heart felt like it was about to break out of my ribcage.
Unable to meet her eyes for any longer, I turned away. “Wh-Where will you be heading off to for your next mission?”
You’ve led a country in your previous life and even in this life, Arthur. You have no reason to be stuttering next to Tess. I continued berating myself until she answered.
“My unit along with a few other elves from the Trailblazer Division are going to head off toward Elenoir tonight,” she answered.
“Does it have something to do with attacks from the Alacryans?”
“Yeah. We’ve been getting reports from the troops stationed on watch throughout the forest that there have been some recent sightings of Alacryan stragglers. It didn’t sound too serious but they’ve been requesting backup for a while now and Captain Jesmiya finally relented,” she explained, resting her chin on her knees.
“It must’ve been a hard choice, especially with the beast horde approaching,” I said. “Although I’m sort of happy that you won’t be here for this battle.”
Tess cocked a brow. “While I may not be a match for a lance, I have recently broken through to the mid-silver stage.”
I never thought to check her mana levels so her words caught me by surprise. “Congratulations. Truly.”
Tess’ shimmering turquoise eyes studied me for a moment before she let out a sigh. “I wonder when the mighty General Arthur, who is, in fact, younger than me, will actually begin to treat me as someone who can take care of herself.”
“You can take care of yourself. I’m sorry if my words came off the wrong way, but I really believe that. Spending time with you today made me realize how much older you’ve gotten,” I quickly amended.
Tess regarded me with an unamused expression. “Am I supposed to take that as a compliment?”
“Uhh.” I scratched my chin. “What I meant was, you give off a different aura now. I’m not talking about mana, although your core has improved, but more like—”
“I’ve gotten more mature?” Tess finished with a smirk.
I let out a soft groan. “Yeah, that...”
Chuckling, my childhood friend replied, “Thank you,” before turning back to watch the sun set.
Memories of the last time I had talked to Tess came to my mind. It wasn’t that long ago but she seemed so different now—more mature, like she said.
That’s when I realized. The feelings of elation and joy as soon as I saw Tess today wasn’t because of Sylvie’s emotions flooding into mine... because I still felt it even now.
I reached into the inside pocket of my mantle where I kept the charm I had bought earlier with a realization in mind:

I liked Tess.
I probably always liked Tess.
If it wasn’t for the fact that I was born with memories of my previous life as an adult, I might’ve confessed to her long before.
But what would her feelings toward me be if she knew my secret? Would she react the same way as my parents? Would she feel disgusted like I had when I first realized I liked her?
Doubt weighed down on me, and suddenly, the tiny little charm in my hand felt like a lead anchor.
“Thank you for showing me this place,” Tess said as she looked afar. “I always considered the Beast Glades to be such a dangerous and bloody place. I didn’t realize how beautiful it looked.”
“It was actually the same for me as well,” I admitted, my hand still gripping the charm. “Although I love the view here, this place is tied to a bad memory, so I thought coming up here with you would make it better.”
“I see,” she uttered. “Has it? Made it better, I mean?”
“It has,” I said as I finally summoned the courage to pull the trinket out. It was a simple silver charm of two leaves laid over one another to make the shape of a heart. “I got this for you.”
“It’s so pretty!” she said, holding the charm in her hand. “Is this, perhaps, for the great tour service I gave you today?”
“No.” I let out a breath. “It’s because I like you.”
“Oh... wai-what?” Tess eyes widened, more out of disbelief than out of surprise. “Did I hear you wrong? I swear I thought you said—”
“I like you, Tess,” I finished with more conviction, pushing down the doubt still growing inside me.
Tess stood up. “What do you mean by ‘like’? I swear, Arthur, if you say you like me as a friend or as a sister, I’m going to...”
I got up as well and reached for the hand holding the pendant. “I like you as a girl. And what I mean is that I wish to start a relationship with you and that I hope that you feel the same way.”
Tess’ lips were trembling as she tried to contain her emotions. “You’re lying.”
“I’m not.”
She sniffled. “Yes, you are.”
“Do you want me to be?” I asked with a slight smile.
“I-I don’t know,” she said, her head down. “It’s just, I imagined things going differently.”
“Differently, how?”
“That I’d have to get stronger and prettier and older to wow you and swoon you off your feet,” she said, hitting me in the arm.
I chuckled. “Can I still look forward to you swooning me off my feet?”
“It’s not funny!” she snapped, finally looking up so I could see her two tear-brimmed eyes glaring at me. She held up the leaf pendant up to my face. “Put this on for me.”
I took the pendant from her but rather than undoing the chain clasp, I clicked together the two ends of the leaves. With a ‘click,’ the heart shape that the two silver leaves had made became undone into two normal leaves.
Removing one of the leaves, I wrapped the silver chain around her neck. “Here. Let me keep the other one.”
Tess stared down as her fingers clasped the single silver leaf hanging down just above her chest. She then pulled out a long leather string that had been wrapped around her arm and took my silver leaf.
“Here, turn around,” she ordered as she weaved the leather string through the silver loop that made up the stem of the leaf pendant.
She put the new leather necklace around my neck and tied it so that the leaf dangled loosely over my chest as well. Before I could turn around. however, I felt Tess’ arms around my waist as she embraced me from behind.
“I like you too, idiot. But we’re at war. We both have responsibilities and people that need us,” she said in a solemn whisper.
“I know. And I have things I want to tell you as well, so how about we make a promise?”
“What sort of promise?”
“A promise to stay alive... so that we can have a beautiful relationship and a family that our entire country can come together to celebrate.”
Her arms trembled, but she answered firmly. “I promise.”
Tess pulled her arms away, but I didn’t turn around. I stared off at the Beast Glades, almost missing the cloud of dust approaching behind a large hill a few dozen miles away.
“Arthur?” Tess’ voice sounded from behind.
“It’s... too soon,” I muttered. Whatever peace and warmth I had finally managed to grasp, fell apart.
Tess saw it as well as she gasped.
The reports were wrong. They were coming. Less than a few hours away, from the pace they were approaching. The beast horde was coming.





Chapter 213
Chapter 213: Enemy Territory III
CIRCE MILVIEW
Alacryan
I ran. It seemed all I had been doing these days was running through this cursed forest. Low-hanging branches scraped my cheeks and arms while thorny shrubs tore through my clothes and legs.
I sprinted in the direction my magic guided me. Without it, I was blind. Even if there was a moon tonight, I doubted its pale rays would be able to penetrate the dense canopy and fog above.
Every so often, I would see flashes of light from Maeve’s magic behind me, illuminating the trees and casting eerie shadows on the forest ground.
Maeve. Cole. Please make it out safely, I prayed to Vritra without breaking stride.
I continued to run, making sure to lift my knees high and step with my heel first while kicking off with the ball of my feet. This was the best way to run in the uneven terrain filled with broken branches and knotted roots.
Running until the magical flashes of battle were barely visible, I skidded to a stop and crouched beside a thick shrub. The thorns and prickly leaves pressing against me gave me comfort from the open. I covered my mouth as I gasped for breath, afraid that I’d be heard.
Paranoia had long since set in, filling my mind with endless doubts and hopelessness. Choking back sobs, I tried to calm myself.
You’re okay, Circe. You’re doing great. I wiped away at the stream of tears that didn’t stop flowing.
I have to survive. For my brother. For Seth. I recited this over and over. It was my mantra. It was what was keeping me going.
After finally catching my breath, I ignited my crest. Immediately, I could sense the location of the closest three-point array I had formed. Unfortunately, it was farther away than I hoped.
Unable to even curse aloud, I grit my teeth in frustration. With this much distance between the rest of the arrays, just using mana wasn’t enough.
Digging a small hole in the soft ground with my hand, I bit down on my thumb until blood was drawn. Carefully, I let my blood drip into the hole while instilling the mana from my crest.
It was by pure luck that I had found out that using my blood as a medium for mana would amplify the effects of the array. Perhaps finding out why might even one day evolve my crest into an emblem.
After my mana-infused blood had seeped into the small hole I had made, I covered it up and moved onto a nearby tree.
Taking out the small knife that Fane had practically forced me to keep, I began carving a small hole underneath a low branch.
I was about to put my bleeding thumb up against the hole when a sharp snap made me whirl around. I held the knife with both hands, pointing it toward the source of the sound as I activated my first crest.
My senses expanded, covering a twenty-yard radius, only to sense that it was just a small forest critter. I lowered my knife, frustrated at my own pathetic self. I was trembling, my back up against the tree, with tears in my eyes.
All I wanted was to curl up and cry, but unfortunately, I didn’t have such luxury. Not if I wanted to live.
I knew that the noise had been caused by an animal but I couldn’t focus. I was wasting time, but for some odd reason, I really didn’t want someone to kill me from behind. It was odd to think, but I’d rather look at my killer as I died.
After several minutes trickled by, I let out a sigh and turned back to my task.

If someone was here, they would’ve killed me already, I said to myself. It wasn’t a very comforting thought, but it was true.
I was a sentry. Widely respected and valuable but severely defenseless compared to strikers like Fane, casters like Maeve, and even shields like Cole.
After the second point had been finished, I moved to the final tree to finish the three-point array. I knew that using blood as a medium for the array would take its toll, but I was still surprised by how weak I felt after the final point had been finished. Despite the brisk winter air that seemed even colder within this fog, I was sweating and my knees were close to giving out.
Got to move. Almost there, I said to my legs. Without bothering to mask my mana trail, I moved on to the next point.
Fortunately, with the three-point array imprint that I had just finished, I wouldn’t have to use my blood again. I just needed to make sure I didn’t set the next imprint too far away.
I managed a half-jog while panting. I didn’t think it was possible, but the forest seemed to be getting even darker. The low hanging branches snagged at my tattered clothes. Without the strength to just shrug them off, I had to stop and pull off the branches, costing me precious time.
I stumbled more times than I could count on the roots and tree limbs that seemed to be growing more in numbers, but I finally made it.
This location should be okay.
Falling forward on my knees, I got to work once more. Igniting my crest, I began trickling mana into the first point of the array when something crashed into me from the side.
Without even the chance to be surprised, I was suddenly looking at Fane, who was on top of me. Fane wasn’t looking at me, but out in the distance—his face contorted into a fearsome scowl. It was dark but even then I could make out how bloody he was.
“Can you run?” he asked, pulling me up to my feet. His eyes were still surveying our surroundings, searching for something.
“I think so,” I stuttered, my gaze shifting down at a glimmering arrow buried in the ground... right where I used to be.
Fane ignited his emblem. His entire body glowed and visible gusts of wind surrounded him, lifting him off his feet. In his hand was a spear, its length about twice my height with a sharp point that spun like a drill, sending gales around us. “Then run. I’ll hold them off.”
Without even the chance to greet my teammate, I turned and ran. I didn’t know who the ‘him’ that Fane was referring to was but from the way he had immediately ignited his emblem to its full power, I knew he couldn’t be good.
It wasn’t long before I could hear the echoes of battle behind me. The ground shook and the trees seemed to shudder in sorrow and pain for their brethren caught in the fight. More than once I was almost blown off my feet by the gales but even then, I resisted the temptation to look behind me. I could only pray to Vritra that Fane would be okay. <br>
Again, I ran. I continued to run in this forsaken forest until my legs felt like lead. Every step seemed harder and harder to make, as if I was wading in a pool of tar.
No matter how desperately I wanted to keep moving, my body had had enough. Barely able to lift my feet off the ground, my toes got caught on a gnarled root.
I toppled forward and I soon tasted the dirt and foliage of the forest in my mouth.
Fane’s silver chestplate kept me on the ground like an anchor. Giving up on the thought of getting back up, I rolled to my side and ignited my crest. With the distance I had gone, I knew it was safer to strengthen the array with blood.
The wound on my thumb had already scabbed over, but as I wiped my mouth of the dirt, I was able to make out a streak of red.
What my sleep-deprived and crazed brain conceived as ‘fortunate’ was the fact that the fall to my face had torn open a wound on my lip.
Perhaps the most unladylike action I had performed in my entire life, I spat a mouthful of blood on the ground and dipped my fingers in it to imbue mana.
If I can’t run, I might as well create one more imprint for the army waiting. Maybe this will be close enough for them. Maybe they’ll still save Seth.
The crest on my back began burning—a telltale sign that I was overexerting myself. It didn’t matter. My legs couldn’t even carry my weight. I was prepared to die.
“Idiot! Didn’t I tell you to keep running?” I never thought Fane’s rough voice would sound so pleasant, but I was wrong.

I spotted Fane’s figure rushing toward me with a sphere of wind surrounding him. Without stopping, he picked me up by the chestplate and held me under his armpit. That’s when I saw it.
“Fane. Y-Your arm!” I huffed, wide-eyed.
“Not important,” he snapped. “I need you to focus on guiding me.”

I had so many questions for Fane, but now wasn’t the time. Pointing in the direction that True Sense had shown me, I directed the veteran striker through the fog-infested forest.
Fortunately, the sun was coming back up. We had been running non-stop throughout the whole night and it was evident that Fane was close to collapsing. He had concentrated much of his mana on the stub where his left arm used to be in order to keep blood from spilling out. The rest of his mana was spent on maximizing our speed.
“We’re almost there!” I said excitedly, pointing at an opening in the woods a few dozen yards away.
“Just a bit more, and you need to focus everything you have on the three-point array. Do that and our mission is a success,” Fane huffed. “Can you do that?”
“I can.”
We skidded to a stop and Fane dropped me on the ground. I assumed that the striker wanted me to start on the array—I was only half right.
I could see Fane’s emblem glowing brightly underneath his shirt as he stood in front of me. The spear once again formed in Fane’s hand as he aimed it at the elf slowly approaching us.
Even at first glance, I knew who he was. It was the same elf that had spotted us up on the tree. It was the same elf that Maeve and Cole had stayed behind to fight against.
“N-No. That can’t be...” I muttered as the elf named Albold continued closing the distance between us. He looked injured and tired, but he was alive. And if he was alive, that meant...
I heard a faint whistle but before my brain could process what that noise meant, Fane’s wind spear had already moved. The arrow that was meant to take my life lay on the ground.
“Damn it, there’s more of them. We need to run,” Fane hissed. “Now!”
Fane lifted me up to my feet and pushed me back. “Go!”
Even with the strength I gathered while Fane had held me in his arm, I could only manage an awkward stagger. Fane continued to push me towards the opening in the woods, towards what I assumed to be one of the entrances to the elven kingdom.
I tensed every time I heard a sharp whistle but by the fact that none of the arrows had managed to hit me, I knew Fane was doing his job.
I still had to finish mine.
Igniting my crest mid-stride, the imprints of the three-point arrays lit up like a map in my head. The closest one I had imprinted was too far away though. I needed time, which was something we didn’t have.
“We’re close enough. Set up the array!” Fane groaned behind me.
I dropped to my knees and began setting up the first point in the array. While doing so, I took a peek behind me.
Fane towered over me just a few steps behind with shafts of multiple arrows jutting out from his body. A trail of blood leaked down the corner of his mouth.
“Array!” he snapped without looking back.

I nodded frantically and ripped open another wound on my thumb.
The muted hum of weapons clashing startled me, but I refused to look back.
Another whistle from behind.
Fane let out a groan.
My hands trembled as I started the array.
Damn it! It’s not strong enough.
I tried to imbue more mana but, out of the corner of my eye, I could see the trees around us swaying.
Another pained grunt resounded from behind, but it wasn’t Fane’s voice.
The sharp pain radiating from my crest grew more and more unbearable as I imbued more mana into the small pool of blood that had gathered on the ground in front of me.
I heard another whistle but almost immediately after, I was knocked down as a pain shot up my arm like fire. My head exploded with a blinding whiteness. I could barely get back up to my knees, dizziness overwhelming me.
Despite my brain screaming at me not to, I looked at my injured arm. It was mangled beyond recognition.
“The... array,” Fane’s voice croaked from behind.
“I... I can’t,” I mustered. I couldn’t even think straight as it felt like every inch of my right arm had been jammed through the skin with serrated blades.
I watched, dazed, as blood began to pool beneath me.
I knew it wouldn’t be long now until I died. I almost wanted to die, but in this near-dead state, I couldn’t help but think of Seth. He was waiting back in Alacrya in a hospital bed. <br> <br> He was almost dead as well. Even if I couldn’t live, shouldn’t he be able to?
Through sheer willpower, I got back up to my feet. Blood continued to flow freely out of my mangled arm but it was okay. I knew what I had to do.
“I hope you can forgive your sister... for not being able to make it back home,” I mumbled.
I took a step to the side, creating a trail with my blood. The pain was beginning to subside a little as my arm grew numb, which was good.
Fane came into view, but he was barely standing as well. He was dripping almost as much blood as I was.
With neither of us able to even muster a word, Fane continued to protect me as I made the array, strengthening it with the sheer amounts of blood I was spilling.
I took another step, but I must’ve lost consciousness because I found the world turned on its side. Fane was still on his feet, holding off Albold and another elf.
Almost there.
I crawled, dragging my maimed arm on the ground to continue the bloody trail, but the loss of blood must have affected my vision.
An entire row of trees had moved and bent out of the way to reveal a towering wall. And on the top of the wall were hundreds of elves, each armed with either staves or bows. The staves were glowing in all sorts of colors, some green, some yellow, others blu—
“Circe!” Fane screamed, snapping me out of my daze.
A desperate scream tore out from my throat as I ignited every ounce of mana I had left through my crest. My vision blurred and I fell to my side, but I didn’t care. I knew it had worked.
Every imprint I had left in the forest was now connected and displayed to every sentry waiting outside the forest. I had created the trail for our army.
I managed to crack a smile as I faced the wave of spells and arrows almost upon us. I hoped they could see me my expression so they’d know&#8230;
Even this damned forest won’t keep you safe anymore.
The Alacryan army is coming for you.





Chapter 214
Chapter 214: Welcoming Gift
ARTHUR LEYWIN
“We need to go warn the others!” Tess stressed, mana enveloping her body as she prepared to jump off the cliff.
I grabbed her wrist. “I’ll warn everyone. You need to go get your teammates. You have a mission.”
“That beast horde is more than a day early, Art! The people here aren’t prepared for this. I should stay and—”
“That’s what I’m here for, Tess,” I cut in firmly. “You have your orders from your commanding captain. I won’t go as far as to order you to leave, but if things are looking bad here, I suspect the troops requesting for backup in Elenoir might be having it worse.”
There was a tense moment of silence. Tess’ brows furrowed and her jaws tightened in frustration, but she finally relented. “Fine. I’ll gather my team and report to Captain Jesmiya before leaving.”
“Good. Even if you are at an advantage in the forest, be careful,” I replied with a gentle smile.
“That’s what I wanted to say, dummy,” she said before grabbing me by the scruff of my mantle and pulling me into a kiss.
As she let go and walked toward the edge of the cliff, I found myself subconsciously touching my own lips in a daze.
Tess smiled at me, her flushed cheeks betraying her bold move. Tugging on the chain of her leaf charm, she locked gazes with me. “Remember the promise.”
I smiled back, all too aware of how hot my face had become.
“I promise,” I replied, holding up my half of the charm dangling around my neck.
And like that, Tess jumped off the cliff, sailing down like an emerald comet. I watched her go while convincing myself that what I said to her was for the best. I didn’t want her to stay here. Even if she was one of the few mages in this continent that wouldn’t slow me down, I knew that I wouldn’t be able to go all out without worrying about her.
At least in the Elshire Forest, she’d only have to be careful of stragglers lost in an environment that she could freely navigate through.
“It’s for the best, Arthur,” I mumbled to myself. After a moment, I reached out to Sylvie and informed her of the situation before leaping off the cliff.
***

Despite the bombshell that was thrown, the people of the Wall handled the news rather well. That didn’t mean they didn’t panic, but with the tight leadership and the fact that most of the people present were either trained soldiers or veteran adventurers, they were quick to adapt.
Trodius was especially quick to think on his feet. Quickly gathering the mercenary adventurers, he assigned them to help out at different parts of the walls that needed fortification.
Workers continued their efforts inside the underground routes leading out from the Wall with the help of some of the soldiers. Jesmiya immediately sent out orders for each of the units making up her Trailblazer Division to be dispatched into appropriate positions in preparation for the horde.
The Bulwark Division, composed of a bit less than two thousand soldiers, had complete confidence and trust in their captain. Perhaps it was because we were on the defense and had the massive wall to protect us, but even knowing that they were vastly outnumbered, they were ready to march outside the Wall without hesitation.
In the span of an hour, archers and conjurers were positioned on every floor of the Wall behind arrowslits. Melee troops—both warriors and augmenters alike—were being filed into formation just behind the entrance leading out into the Beast Glades, prepared to advance into battle against the approaching beast horde.
As for myself, I waited inside the meeting tent with Sylvie. Trodius was buried behind several stacks of paper on his desk, leaving me with a blissful few moments of peace as I checked the contents of my dimension ring. The only useful thing I had in it was Dawn’s Ballad, cracked and broken but still better than any other weapons I’d used.
I took it out, inspecting the cracks and splinters scattered across the translucent teal blade.
I really wish this damn weapon inside my hand would manifest already, I cursed in my head. ‘Now would be as good a time as any,’ Sylvie agreed.
“General. Please, reconsider. Allow us to accompany you,” Gavik’s deep voice resounded.
I looked at the burly adventurer and the curly-haired mage beside him. “As I said before, your job will be to support the troops here.”
Callum spoke up, frustration evident in his voice. “Commander Virion had personally picked the two of us to assist you in battle. If something were to happen after sending you by yourself—”
“I’m not looking down on you two, but the chances of something happening to me and Sylvie only increases if you two come with us,” I stated, not taking my eyes off Dawn’s Ballad.
“Please excuse the intrusion. Father, I brought the weapons you asked for,” a clear voice rang.
I looked up to see a tall woman with bright red eyes and dark skin that seemed even darker with the splotches of soot. In her toned arms were two swords, one longer than the other.
“Ah! Come in, Senyir.” Trodius waved the woman over, a rare smile on his face. “Arthur, this is Senyir Flamesworth. My daughter and the master blacksmith of the Wall.”
Tess had referred to a little girl’s master as Senyir back when we were touring the Wall together. Tess even seemed to have a good relationship with her, but even so...
The very mention of the word ‘daughter’ coming from Trodius’ lips annoyed me. Memories of Jasmine as she told me her life story resurfaced, leaving a bad taste in my mouth.
Still, I kept my personal feelings of the senior captain down and introduced myself to the woman.

“Arthur Leywin. Pleasure to meet you,” I said, sheathing Dawn’s Ballad.
“Senyir here is one of the finest blacksmiths in Sapin, on par with even the master smiths of Darv due of her excellent control and implementation of fire magic during the forging process,” Trodius boasted.
‘Your anger is leaking onto me,’ Sylvie conveyed gently.

I can’t help it.
“I heard from Tessia that you prefer thinner blades,” Senyir said as she handed me the longer of the two swords. “I’m sure it’s nowhere near the same level compared to your weapon but my father informed me that you’ll be in battle for an extended period of time. Having multiple backup weapons won’t do you any harm.”
“Thank you,” I replied, drawing the sword from its unadorned steel scabbard. With a sharp ring, a pale gold blade about the width of three fingers came into view. After testing its balance with a few swings, I began channeling mana into the blade.
The thin sword hummed as fire, wind, water, and earth all began to swirl around the blade in harmony. I continued injecting mana into the sword until I could see the blade beginning to deteriorate.
“Not bad. I think it’ll suffice,” I mustered, expunging the magic surrounding the new sword and putting it back into its sheath.
Senyir couldn’t hide the disappointment in her face as she accepted my words with a bow. “I’m honored.”
Putting the longer sword into my ring and fastening the shorter one onto my hip alongside Dawn’s Ballad, I turned to Trodius. “Have the ground troops ready to advance as soon as I leave.”
“I’m aware of the plan, General. Don’t worry about us and come back in one piece,” Trodius replied. “We’ll be waiting for the signal.”
Without another word, I walked past Senyir Flamesworth and stepped out of the tent, only to be met with a thunderous cheer. Around us were soldiers, merchants and adventurers alike clapping and roaring my name.
“Your presence is what is holding this Wall together, General,” Trodius said as he stepped just behind me.
It was overwhelming, to say the least. But rather than feeling joy or pride at being the center of attention, I was overcome with horror because within the crowd, I spotted my father.
He wasn’t supposed to be here. If they were down here, that meant the rest of the Twin Horns were somewhere around here as well.
No. They were supposed to be in Blackbend City, away from this battle.
Sylvie squeezed my hand. ‘Arthur. Everyone is watching.’

I didn’t care. I wanted to run to my father right now and tell him to leave—leave with Mother and the Twin Horns who were surely here.
But I couldn’t. One look from my father stopped me in my tracks.
The man who had raised me alongside Alice stood amongst the unit of soldiers that would be fighting outside the protection of the Wall.
He had such a determined expression that, even as a general, I couldn’t dare stop him. I feared that if I stopped him and everyone here, they would never forgive me.
It’s okay, Arthur. If everything goes to plan, most of these soldiers will make it out alive and your dad is one of the stronger ones out of them, I said, hoping to calm myself down.
Swallowing the angst and the dread building up inside me, I saluted the crowd, locking gazes with my father.
He saluted back and, despite the fight that we had not long ago, he smiled at me.
I exchanged glances with Sylvie, and with a nod, she shifted into her draconic form. This spurred on another wave of cheers as I got on.
My hands were trembling as I finally felt the gravity of the situation. I had brought my sister here. My parents were here as well as the Twin Horns. They, as well as the lives of everyone here cheering, depended on me.
‘You’re not alone, Arthur,’ Sylvie said as she spread her obsidian wings. ‘Nothing has changed from when you made the decision to bring Ellie along.’
She was right. Despite the beast horde arriving a day earlier, the preparations had been made on-time. Both my mom and sister had the Phoenix Wyrm pendants to keep them safe and I had even given Ellie a transmission scroll to reach out to me. But even then, I couldn’t help but feel uneasy.
Was it because of the promise I had made with Tess? The pendant hanging around my neck seemed to weigh down on me, but it wasn’t just that. The timing of everything happening seemed... off.
Focus, Arthur. You’re going into battle.
Gripping the spikes on Sylvie’s neck, I muttered, “Let’s go.”
My bond reeled her head back and let out a deafening roar, shaking the entire ground. Some of the merchants stumbled and fell to the ground but it only rose the morale as the crowd responded back with a cheer of their own.
We ascended with a single beat from Sylvie’s broad wings, clearing the height of the wall in just a few seconds. I had a view of both the approaching beast horde as well as the people below us that we were responsible to protect.
‘Are you ready?’ Sylvie asked, her excitement flooding into me.
Not as ready as you are, I sent back with a chuckle.
Sylvie’s laughter rang in my head before the world around us turned into a blur. With her seal released, every inch of her body was brimming with power. Each stroke of her wings made gales behind us until we were soon approaching the army of beasts.
With mana enhanced vision, I could make out the Alacryan mages scattered within the beast horde, riding the larger beasts.
“How about we send them a little welcoming gift?” I suggested.
‘My thoughts exactly,’ she responded, arching her wings to hover. Space began to distort as mana gathered into Sylvie’s open maw.
A golden white sphere formed and grew larger with every passing breath until it was even larger than me.
The sphere erupted into a beam of pure mana. There was no sound to be heard from the attack, only pure destruction as the blow marked the start of the battle.





Chapter 215
Chapter 215: Two Versus An Army
I watched as the hole that had been formed from Sylvie’s attack slowly disappeared—covered by the sea of mana beasts steadily marching toward the Wall.
Despite the devastation the blast had caused, any signs of the damage had soon become swept away.
Sylvie released another blast of mana, but this time several shields compounded upon one another, taking the brunt of the attack before shattering layer by layer.
Looks like we won’t be able to comfortably just rain spells down on them, I mused.
‘We would run out of mana long before even making a dent anyway,’ Sylvie responded.
‘After you,’ she transmitted, giving me a toothy grin.
Try to keep up, I sent back.
Falling head-first from several thousand feet in the air into an army of magical beasts should’ve normally caused some sort of fear or anxiety, but that wasn’t the case. My heart beat against my ribcage not out of fear, but excitement.
As if feeding off my emotions, mana flooded out into my body as I continued my plunge. Wind gathered around me, swirling and condensing as I collided into the center of the beast horde.
The layers of wind surrounding me burst into an explosion of gales, shredding and pushing away the hundreds of beasts caught in the blast.
I stood up in the center of the crater I had created as thousands of monstrous eyes glared down at me from above.
There was a breath of silence as I waited with Dawn’s Ballad in my hand. Mana surged around me, itching to let loose.
That’s when the first battle cry was unleashed. It came from a bipedal canine that appeared at least three times my height with claws and fangs that glowed menacingly.
It let loose a howl that spurred the others surrounding me, as if waking them up from their stupor. The zombie-like mana beasts that seemed almost drugged all spurred to life in a concert of cries, roars, and jarring screeches.
But piercing through the cries of the corrupted mana beasts was the thunderous roar of my bond as she landed. She immediately ripped out the bipedal canine’s throat with her fangs and slammed four other mana beasts with a swipe of her tail.
‘Try to keep up,’ Sylvie mocked as she continued tearing her way through the ocean of beasts.
With a chortle, I leaped out of the crater and on top of a reptilian mana beast with three tails. Before the beast could even make a sound, its head was already cleanly separated from its body and I was onto the next beast.
Disoriented and furious at our arrival, the mana beasts clumped together as they all tried to get their claws, talons, or paws on me. I constantly used wind magic to create space for me to swing my sword.
For some time, I limited my mana, using my battle prowess accumulated through my two lifetimes and Dawn’s Ballad to cut down the enemies that never ended. Killing one beast meant that two or three replaced it, but we had prepared for this. After all, this wasn’t a battle I was supposed to win; this was a battle of attrition.
In the chaos of battle where dozens of razor-sharp fangs and talons swiped at you from all directions, there was no time to communicate with each other. Sylvie and I relied on reading each other’s mental state in case one of us needed help.
Time crawled—or was it that time was flying by? It was impossible to tell as the debris from the battle had long since covered the sky. Swallowing my impatience, I limited mana usage to body strengthening and weapon augmentation as Dawn’s Ballad drew crescents of teal in debris-filled land.

A pack of wolves, each the size of Boo, carefully circled around me. Other mana beasts cleared the way, obviously fearful of the creatures clad in lightning.
These ones seem to have some brains, I thought. It was obvious by their murky black pelts that the wolves had been corrupted, but unlike the other beasts that had marched mindlessly toward the Wall, these ones remained alert and kept their formation.
The one leading the pack—a larger wolf with a spikier mane and horn—let out a bark and instantly, the twelve others pounced at me with crackling thunder glowing their surroundings.
Rather than waste energy dodging and killing them one by one, I cast twelve spikes of earth from the ground with the stomp of my feet. The thunder wolves were skewered mid-leap, giving me the leisure to go after the leader that had managed to dodge my spell.
Baring its teeth as tendrils of electricity gathered around him, the leader attacked. I dodged its mid-air slash, but the lightning surrounding its claws struck me in the shoulder.
More annoyed than in pain, I shrugged off the wound that had been mostly blocked by my aura and stabbed the wolf.
However, the tip of my teal sword had long since been broken, and was unable to pierce through the wolf’s thick mana-imbued fur.
Imbuing mana into Dawn’s Ballad and condensing it into a sharp point, I dashed forward and struck again. Blood was drawn this time and the thunder wolf struggled to get back up, but there was no time to celebrate my little victory.
Almost immediately, a flock of bat-winged birds swooped down with their sharp metal beaks homed in on me.
Putting Dawn’s Ballad back into my ring, I spread a blast of lightning into the air. The metal beaks dropped like flies, their wings still spasming from the shock as I quickly moved onto my next list of neverending targets in sight.
Despite our competitive banter earlier, Sylvie remained close as she continued to fight the onslaught of mana beasts. She fought with her wings tucked in, a flurry of claws and fangs as she dyed the ground in crimson.
Sylvie’s voice rang in my mind. ‘Arthur. These beasts seem off. Most of them aren’t even retaliating and just keep marching toward the Wall. Only some of the stronger ones and their packs are actually putting up a fight.’
I feel it too. I’m not sure what the Alacryans did. They must be controlling the beasts to get to the Wall no matter what, I replied, continuing to kill as many mana beasts as I could.
Giving my limbs—heavy from slashing through the tough hides and exoskeletons of the mana beasts—some reprieve, I began casting more spells. Spheres of fire, water and lightning orbited around me, burning, slashing and electrocuting beasts that came close enough while I cast spell after spell.
The terrain had become a domain of all elements; some parts of the ground had become scorched, with corpses still in flames, while other parts of the ground had become a garden of stone and ice spikes.
The metallic odor of fresh blood alongside the smell of burning fur and flesh mingled in the air, causing the devastated landscape to be even more unbearable to endure.
Navigating around the remains of my own spells and the corpses of fallen mana beasts—some of which were about the size of a small house—had become another challenge.
However, the turning point was when the S-class mana beasts began coming. The first one was a humanoid feline just twice my height made of pure muscle, fur, and claws.
Its speed and agility was on par with Kordri, my martial arts master from Epheotus. However, its major flaw was that it relied on only its speed, its attacks leaving it wide open.
“Come on!” I barked, dodging its clawed kick while nicking its neck. Blood rushed to my head, drowning out everything other than the opponent in front of me. The beast that had the ability to kill its victims long before they could even fear it hissed and dashed toward me. Its muscular hind legs left imprints on the hard ground, its body barely visible, but its attacks were linear.
“Thunderclap Impulse,” I murmured as the sensation of electricity coursing through my body left me even more focused. Withdrawing my teal sword once more marked the beginning of our second round.
The world around us blurred as I relished the battle. Each swipe of its mana-infused claws left deep gashes in the earth and oftentimes mana beasts nearby. Each failed attack of the S-class feline was a successful attack of mine as Dawn’s Ballad left its mark on the beast’s elegantly striped fur.
I had almost forgotten my objective as I dominated the S-class mana beast even without relying on Realmheart Physique. My legs ached from old wounds and the scratches left by the S class beast stung, but I was in much better shape than the panting oversized cat.

Heaving for breath and blood matting down its fur, the S-class beast warily backed away. It didn’t even manage to take four steps before I caught up and slashed its neck.
Picking the dead S-class beast by the scruff of its neck, I let out a roar. The mana beasts around me, no matter how deranged and feral they had become due to the Alacryans corrupting them, began to tremble in fear.

It would be easy to say that this is what war did to everyone. Part of it was true—fighting countless beasts slowly turned me into a beast myself. However, another part of it was that I enjoyed it.
Being surrounded by death, yet never being able to kill freely myself might have had something to do with it. The countless duels I had fought in my previous life had all been supervised and restricted by rules and laws. Here, it was different.
‘Arthur. Don’t lose yourself. Remember that this is a battle to protect, not a battle to kill.’
Sylvie’s words were like water splashed to my face. I had indeed lost myself, high on the freedom to wreak havoc. I had acted like a wild beast let loose from its cage.
Finally sober, I could feel the aches and wounds I hadn’t even realized existed began to take their toll.
That’s when I felt the next one. Before I could even see or hear it, I felt it. Even amongst the drone of countless mana beasts marching, the footsteps of the particular mana beast shook the earth.
It didn’t take long for me to see the towering monstrosity that trampled other its fellow corrupted beasts like they were insects.
Even as it stood on four legs, it was about three stories tall and every inch of its body was covered in a metallic hide. Spikes sprouted along its spine and at the end of its trunk-like snout was a dented metal orb the size of Sylvie’s head.
‘Do you need help?’ Sylvie asked, sensing my fear as I watched the colossal beast advance.
Not yet, I conveyed, putting Dawn’s Ballad back into my ring.
I threw out an arc of lightning at the beast but it didn’t even flinch as it continued making its way toward me. It swung its snout like a flail, bludgeoning mana beasts left and right. The mana beasts fortunate enough to evade its snout were soon trampled by its thick hooves as it charged at me. That’s when I saw him—a human.
The Alacryan mage, who had been riding between two of the spikes on the S-class beast’s back, was desperately holding on for his life. At this distance, it was easy to tell that this was not part of the plan.
That’s when it clicked. The weaker mana beasts appearing almost sedated and mostly ignoring Sylvie and I even as we killed them, the higher-tiered mana beasts seemingly possessing their own will even against the Alacryan’s struggles.
A plan began to bloom in my head as I watched Alacryan mage struggle with what appeared to be a black stone in his hand.
I cast a ball of fire at the towering beast, hitting its face. The flaming sphere splashed across its metallic hide without so much as a mark, but it did its job.
The beast bellowed and raised its front legs in anger. The Alacryan mage was barely able to hold on but the mammoth beast didn’t stop there. Making it its life goal to flatten me with its flail-like snout, the beast charged relentlessly. I, on the other hand, continued throwing spells just barely strong enough to annoy it while flying through the beast horde.
The mammoth beast created a path paved in decimation and crushed corpses as it continued to chase me. I used every creative method my brain could think of in order to get the beast as furious as possible while slowly whittling it down. I drove earthen spikes into its hooves, I layered the ground in ice so that it’d slip, but my half-assed spells weren’t doing anything.
Fire seemed to work best in annoying the beast, but when I shot another spell at it, a translucent shield flickered in its path, blocking my spell before it could hit.
I need your help now, Sylvie, I sent leisurely as I led the beast to where I could sense Sylvie was fighting.
‘Wow, how did you make it so angry?’ she replied, leaping into the air with a beat of her wings.

Pin the beast down for as long as you can, I instructed.
With a mental confirmation, Sylvie flew up into the sky before dropping back down in a nose-dive.
‘Keep it steady!’ she transmitted, showing the general range she’d be able to land.
Clearing the beasts around me with a gust of wind, I waited as the mammoth beast rushed toward me. Taking a deep breath, I waited for the moment just when the beast’s front legs were about to touch the ground as it charged. Precision, timing, and distance compounded made the spell that much harder, but as a white core mage, it felt natural, as if I was shaping clay.
At my behest, the ground just below the beast’s front feet splintered, sending the beast crashing on the ground. However, with the speed it had built up, its momentum continued to carry the beast and the mage riding on its back toward me.
Pummelling through every earthen wall I had conjured in its path until it was only a few yards away, I cursed in frustration.
Damn it, no choice.
Preparing my mind and body for the toll about to come, I waited until just before the beast was close enough before I activated Static Void.
With my control over both aether and mana making leaps and bounds during my ascent into the white core stage, I confined the time-pausing mana art into just the beast and the mage.
Even with the reduced range, the sheer size of the beast made my mana core protest. However, I persisted, biding time right up until Sylvie was about to crash into the beast.
‘Now!’ she screamed mentally.
I immediately released Static Void and leaped out of the way, almost crashing into the open jaw of a reptilian mana beast.
The force of Sylvie’s descent onto the beast sent a shockwave of wind and debris all around them. If I hadn’t erected a stone wall from the ground, I would’ve gotten blown away along with all the other beasts in the vicinity.
With no time to rest, I dashed toward the mammoth beast that was dazed but still alive and struggling to get out of Sylvie’s grasp.
Don’t kill it yet, I said to my bond.
‘I’m not confident I even can. Its hide isn’t as strong as my scales but it’s a lot thicker.’
Leaping up on top of the beast’s back, I picked up the unconscious mage and threw him on the ground.
The oblong black stone fell from his grasp. After picking it up, I formed an ice spike in my hand and drove it into the mage’s thigh.
The Alacryan, surprised at first to be awake and seeing me, quickly succumbed to the searing pain radiating out of his bleeding thigh.
Before he could even get the chance to speak, I held the black stone to his face. “Does this control the mana beasts?”
His eyes widened and he made a desperate swipe at the stone.
I conjured a stone nail, impaling his hand to the ground.
He let out another scream, and the mana beasts that smelled the blood of prey began drawing closer.
‘Hurry. I can’t keep him still for much longer,’ Sylvie conveyed.
I was about to ask again, when I realized that the mage was about to bite off his own tongue. Quickly, I held down his tongue, burning and searing his wound.
The mage let out another muffled wail before I froze his mouth shut.
“What is up with you Alacryans and killing yourself,” I sighed. “Well, if you won’t tell me, I might as well find out myself.”
The oblong stone wouldn’t react with any type of mana or even aether, so I did the only other thing I knew. I crushed it in my hand.





Chapter 216
Chapter 216: Battlefield
The mage stared at me with panic-stricken eyes as the crumbled fragments of the black stone fell from my grasp.
There was a tense moment as I waited for something to happen amidst the war zone besides the already-ensued chaos raging on.
Suddenly, as if a switch had been turned on, every mana beast in the vicinity seemed to have become provoked by my action.
The once glazed and lifeless eyes of the mana beasts now burned with fury. It wasn’t just at me though; the mana beasts began growling and hissing at each other, baring fangs, claws, and horns at one another.
It didn’t take long for hell to break loose. Beasts pounced on one another without even a semblance of sanity left amongst them. They leaped at me with reckless abandon, often getting caught by one another in the process.
Quickly drawing the two swords I had received from the Flamesworth blacksmith, I turned into a flurry of blades. I slashed and stabbed at the vitals of the mana beasts that attacked me until a mound of bloody carcasses accumulated beneath my feet.
However, despite the massacre that befell those who came close, the mana beasts continued to attack and throw their lives away as if possessed.
‘Arthur! I can’t hold on anymore!’ Sylvie’s struggling voice pierced through my mind.
I turned back to see the mammoth beast break free, eyes locked on me as he pawed the ground in preparation to charge while the pile of corpses continued to grow.
However, I didn’t fail to notice the subtle difference in the mammoth beast’s behavior. The way the beast glared down at me still indicated rage, but the very targeted, threatening act of scruffing the ground showed some level of intelligence.
It showed that it wasn’t thinking of blindly charging like before, but waiting for me to react somehow to its act of aggression.
As for me, rather than having the luxury to react to the mammoth beast, I was occupied by the neverending mana beasts that seemed hell-bent on ripping my limbs off.
“ Enough! ” I roared, releasing every ounce of murderous intent I had pent up over time.
To the naked eye, nothing had changed, but for anyone that had an ounce of sense, they felt it. Even the beasts, as deranged as they were, froze in their tracks and began trembling out of instinct.
This may not have worked while they were in their stupor moments ago, but now the beasts around me shrank back out of fear while some of the weaker ones even collapsed.

With finally some space to breathe, I took a step toward the mammoth beast. A path opened up as I walked, the mana beasts unable to bear being too close.
I locked eyes with the colossal S-class monster that stuck out above the sea of mana beasts wreaking havoc amongst one another, directing the entirety of my unabated bloodlust. It was a primitive thing to do, much like flexing your muscles in front of your opponent to discourage them, but it did its job.
The colossal monster broke eye contact with me, its body slackening. Finally, with a mournful bellow, the S-class beast turned and left, trampling smaller mana beasts with each step.
‘It’s been a while since I felt your bloodlust. A good reminder not to tease you too much,’ Sylvie said as she joined me at my side.
I cracked a smile before replying. It seems to only work on the more intelligent and powerful beasts, though.
The mana beasts that had been temporarily paralyzed by my intent had quickly broken free and resumed their mauling spree.
Turning around, I saw the Alacryan mage. Despite being bloody and incapacitated, he was still alive. None of the beasts seemed to even want to go near him.
Seeing how the crazed beast acted, it couldn’t have been out of pity or even out of loyalty to their supposed master.
“Now...” I peered down at the frightened mage. “I wonder how you’re still alive.”
Sylvie craned her neck and began sniffing at the mage I had nailed to the ground. ‘I’m not sure if it has anything to do with it, but there’s a rather repulsive stench coming from this human.’
The Alacryan mage let out a muffled whimper as my bond bared her fangs at him, but there was little else he could do.
As I contemplated whether to take the mage in for questioning or killing him on the spot and continue whittling down enemy numbers, the mage let out a slightly more coherent sound.
“Ah h-hell ooh, ah hell ooh,” he muttered through the melting ice binding his mouth shut.
Exchanging glances with Sylvie, I melted the ice around his lower face. “Speak. Any useless words and I’ll kill you on the spot.”
“I-I’ll tell you why they won’t attack me. Just promise you’ll let me live.”
I let the tip of my new sword rest on the mage’s mouth, just barely nicking the corner of his lips. “I hate making promises I know I won’t keep.”
Tears rolled down the mage’s cheeks as he glared daggers at me. “Then why should I tell you anything?”
The dirt and blood on his face did little to mask how young the enemy was, but it would be sloppy to show mercy. I pushed the blade just a little deeper; the mage let out a pained cry. “Because... a quick painless death is better than a long painful one.”

Using fire magic to heat the blade of my sword, I pressed it against the mage’s cheek. While the mana beasts around us were creating havoc, the majority of the beast horde was still making its way toward the Wall. I couldn’t waste too much time on this.
“All right! Please, just stop!” he screamed, stretching his head as far away from my sword as his neck would take him. “W-We have a serum that the corrupted beasts can’t stand during their frenzied state.”

“Where did you get it? Who else has this serum?”
The Alacryan shook his head vigorously. “I-I-I really don’t know this! I just know it’s precious so everyone who even gets it only gets a little bit of it to spray on themselves.”
With a terse nod, I stabbed my sword down into the Alacryan mage’s heart. The young mage’s eyes bulged but what surprised me was his lips that curved up into a smirk.
“It’s useless...even if you know,” he sputtered, blood leaking out of his mouth. “Long... live...”
Unable to even finish his sentence, the mage fell unconscious from the shock. He’d most likely die within a few minutes, painlessly in his sleep.
I pulled out my sword with a quick jerk and moved on. There was a lot more work to be done.
I spent the next hours on the ground, hacking, stabbing, and shooting mana beasts with swords and spells. My guidance under Kordri had honed my body to last for days with the help of mana arts and martial technique. There was no wasted effort in my movements and attacks as mana beasts, whether in a stupor or in their frenzied state, fell lifelessly beside me.
Even the time spent training with Kathyln, Hester, Buhnd, and Camus bore fruit. Having experience battling against multiple opponents really helped knowing how to best react to the unceasing waves of mana beasts—some of which were even able to cast long-distance magic—without overexerting my mana. Coupled with the mana-measuring discs that Emily had test out on me, I was able to limit the strength of my spells to its utmost efficiency.
How’s everything on your end, Sylvie? I asked while letting out a grunt. I pulled my lightning-clad sword out from inside a giant mana beast’s scorched eye socket. Much like the S-class mammoth beast I had scared off earlier, this one had a hide strong enough to put a chip in my new sword.
The beast crashed into the ground, flattening a few unfortunate mana beasts below it. Its lifeless body still crackled with arcs of lightning while its limbs spasmed.
‘A bit tired, I’ll admit, but I’m fine,’ she responded, her mental voice clear even from the distance between us.
Tired already? It’s only been like four hours of nonstop fighting, I teased, stabbing and pulling my sword out from the ribcage of a large primate mana beast.
The shortsword I had received as a set with my longer sword quickly became unusable, leaving me with only Dawn’s Ballad and my thin longsword that had already grown dull.
While the two of us continued our onslaught, my main focus had shifted to finding the other Alacryan mages. The serum that the enemy mage had told me about capable of basically concealing the user from corrupted beasts was an enticing bounty, and I already knew what to use it for.

However, even after the hours of searching, our efforts were fruitless. Just the sheer number of mana beasts alone made it almost impossible to even distinguish larger mana beats, let alone a human.
“Damn it,” I cursed, thrusting both my blades into the thick neck of a reptilian mana beast. “We’re running out of time.”
‘The Wall is getting closer, Arthur. The conjurers and archers will be in range to attack soon. It’ll be even harder to find the enemy mages then,’ Sylvie informed.
You’re right. And once the beast horde reaches the Wall and the trap that everyone set up activates, it’ll be impossible to find them, I responded back as I slashed through another pack of frenzied canine beasts.
‘What do you suggest?’ my bond asked as she fought her way through the hordes of beasts between us to get to me.
There’s no choice but to rely on Realmheart to search for the mages.
There was a moment of silence in our minds as I felt Sylvie think over her next words.
‘I want to keep your family safe as well, Arthur, but is it wise to deviate from your obligations as a general and lance? Using Realmheart will take a big toll on you and even then, we run the risk of it being for nothing.’
Gritting my teeth, I jumped up on Sylvie’s back. Memories of my fight with my parents during my last trip to the Wall flooded out of my mind and into my bond’s. It was faster letting her know this way than trying to explain.
It’s not wise, Sylv. I know that. But please, just for a little bit. I need to be able to tell myself that I’m giving my all to keep my family safe, and finding a serum might just do that.
Assuming everything went according to plan, we’d have to sacrifice parts of the Wall and the underground routes, and it’d be much safer for our melee troops to fight. But, even then, with so many people I cared about participating in this battle, it was impossible to not be anxious and afraid for them.
‘I understand,’ Sylvie sent empathetically as her powerful wings beat down. With a blast of wind, the two of us soared up into the sky, shooting past any of the aerial mana beasts before they could even react.
“I’m going to be relying on you to fight off any mana beasts while I focus on searching for the mages,” I said aloud.
Taking a deep breath, I ignited Sylvia’s beast will from deep within my mana core and let its power flow freely out into my body.
I felt the physical changes to my body as the warm surge of power filled me from the inside. Long white bangs obstructed my view while the runes covering my body and extending out to my limbs grew brightly, even through the thick clothes I wore.
Soon, my vision turned into shades of gray before flecks of colorful light began emerging out of thin air.
No matter how many times I had used this skill, it was breathtaking every single time. No matter how many spells were flung by mages and beasts, it was when I was able to physically see the very substance that made up all magic in the atmosphere that it felt like I had truly fallen into a magical world.
‘Focus, Arthur. Can you distinguish any of the Alacryan mages?’ Sylvie said with a hint of envy. My bond had yet to grasp this ability despite breaking out of the seal that her mother had placed on her before birth.
“Not really,” I replied, narrowing my gaze to try and pinpoint mana fluctuations that seemed different from the magic that the beasts were able to cast.
Sylvie continued flying across the length of the army, avoiding or killing any flying mana beasts that got in her way, while I scoured for any signs of the Alacryan mages hiding amongst them. It wasn’t until I pried my gaze from the sight below that I noticed something odd up toward the Elshire Forest.
Sylvie, can you take us higher for minute? I asked my bond, trying to make out what was happening up north.
Sensing my confusion and worry, we immediately ascended until it was impossible to make out the individual mana beasts below us. But as expansive and threatening the beast horde appeared, my focus was on a much bigger threat.
It wasn’t only the mana fluctuations that seemed to be made up of tens of thousands of mages, it was the trail—a bright trail of mana—leading from the army of what could only be the Alacryans straight to the heart of Elenoir Kingdom.





Chapter 217
Chapter 217: Decisions Made
TESSIA ERALITH
Darvus stepped up beside me, his knuckles white from gripping his dual axes for dear life. The smug grin that he always wore was nowhere in sight, replaced by furrowed brows and a tensed jaw. “This doesn’t look good, Tessia.”
I looked over my shoulder to see Stannard and Caria, and the two hundred-odd soldiers that made up my unit along with the ragtag squads of elven soldiers that had been placed under my command. Mixed amongst them were civilian elves garbed only in cloth or a leather apron for protection as well as whatever thin metal they could find and strap on. These were the men that stayed behind to protect their home and their fleeing loved ones.
Every one of them wore grim expressions. The soldiers gripped their weapons while the civilians anxiously clenched their kitchen knives and gardening tools, as the steady drone of marching grew louder and louder.
The once lively elven town just behind us had long since evacuated, but we knew with the many children and elders amongst them, if we fled here—if we couldn’t hold out long enough—they would all die. This wasn’t a matter of protecting an abandoned town in the outskirts; this battle would determine the momentum in the fight for Elenoir.
My heart pounded against my chest and my knees felt weak. No matter how strong my mana core was, no matter how much I had trained, I felt nothing but fear in this moment.
Yet, I couldn’t show it. I wouldn’t.
Because then, the morale of every one of these people behind me, relying on my strength as not just a mage and warrior but as a leader, would collapse.
Holding my feelings in, wearing a mask of confidence and strength—this was my burden.
I conjured the wind to carry my voice as I unsheathed my sword. Projecting a wave of mana, not only to convey power to my subordinates but also to reassure myself, I spoke.
“You all know of the report we received a few hours ago. You all know why we rushed here without rest.”
I turned around to face my allies despite the fear of leaving my back open to the army approaching. “We’re here because of the Alacryan army approaching Elenoir Kingdom. Not everyone here can call this land ‘home,’ but behind us are the children and elderly, fleeing for their lives after being forced to abandon their only home. The enemy marching toward us now will kill them and take over Elenoir, and if they succeed in this, Sapin will be next.”
Murmurs of consensus rang throughout the crowd.
“Our numbers are few but I, for one, am honored to be the first line of defense in keeping that from happening,” I declared, raising my voice just a notch louder. “Lance Aya, along with every able-bodied elf, are marching down here to aid us as we speak, but the question is this...”
I held up my sword. “Will you join me in not just fighting this battle, but protecting the weak and helpless from the Alacryans?”
There was just a breath of silence where I was afraid my pounding heart would be heard by all of the soldiers in front of me until a roar of cheers and battle cries resounded.
At my signal, a line of defense formed around me and the rest of my ranged troops. “Conjurers, archers, ready your weapons!”
The foreboding thrump, thrump, thrump, thrump, of the Alacryan soldiers marching grew louder and louder within the dense veil of the fog and trees between us.
I pointed my sword forward. “Prepare your attacks!”
With my heightened senses and familiarity with the Elshire Forest, I knew rather than saw as the enemy vanguards came in range.

I thrust my weapon, sending out condensed bolts of wind. “Fire!”
An array of colors dotted my line of sight. Arcs of lightning, blades of wind, blasts of fire, and sharp shards of earth flew toward the enemy alongside dozens of arrows.
I held up my sword for everyone to see before signaling another flight of spells and pointed steel. “Fire!”
Another volley of colors rained down on the enemy, still mostly obscured by the forest environment. Shimmers of light shaped like shields and walls deflected or even absorbed our attacks, but that wasn’t the only problem. The thick trees and jutting branches of the Elshire Forest were against us.
“Another flight?” Stannard proposed hopefully, gripping his artifact in preparation for another spell.
“Ranged spells and arrows won’t win this battle.” I turned to Vedict, the one in charge of the front line. “Order the warriors and augmenters to break their line for the rest of us.”
With a nod, the steel-clad elf raised his shield and ran forward, relaying my decree. Gallant soldiers in both leather and metal armor ignited their cores and charged forward into a battle where we stood vastly outnumbered. They vanished from sight into the thick fog, but I could still hear the thunder of their magic-infused charge.
Steeling not only by weapon and body but my will, I looked at Stannard, Darvus, and Caria—my closest friends, and most trusted aides. None of us said a word, but with our time spent in battles, our gazes long since spoke volumes to each other and we all seemed to be saying the same thing. ‘Let’s get out of this alive.’
I reached for the necklace Arthur had given me around my neck. I mustn’t cry.
Kissing the pendant, I tucked it into my cloak, vowing to keep it—and our promise—safe.
Reaching deep into the pit of my stomach, I let out a guttural cry. “ Charge!”
ALBANTH KELRIS
“Captain,” a concerned voice sounded from my side.
Prying my eyes off of the beast horde slowly gaining ground, obscured by the blanket of dust, I looked down at my assistant. “What is it?”
Sinder, the well-toned man, who I had trained and groomed since he was just a kid, pointed down toward my hands.
I now realized that the reinforced railings built to keep soldiers from accidentally falling off the top of the Wall had become bent out of shape.
“Ah.” Readjusting my grip, I twisted it back into its proper form before letting go.
With a gentle smile, my assistant placed an armored hand on my pauldron. “I know it’s in your blood to worry and overthink, but look at the mayhem General Arthur is causing to our enemy.”
We, along with everyone else positioned at the Wall, were watching. With how large the enemy army was, it was almost impossible to keep track of where the young lance was within that sea of mana beasts. But every now and then, we’d notice the small changes occurring within their ranks, like small nuts and bolts becoming undone, causing the larger pieces to become more unstable.
I let out a sharp breath. “I know, Sinder. But it just pains me to be standing here twiddling my thumbs while the lance has been tirelessly fighting for hours.”
“Our time will come. No matter how strong the general is, he is only one man. He will need our support soon,” my assistant reassured. “Now please, Captain, broaden your shoulders and don’t let the soldiers see you faltering.”
“Since when did you become all grown up?” I teased, smacking Sinder’s back and almost throwing him over the edge of the Wall.

The soldiers around us laughed at our little show. Sinder, nearly killed by his own captain, wasn’t as amused but his expression softened after noticing the atmosphere lightening.
I continued making my rounds, walking the length of the Wall to make sure everything was in place for when our battle would begin. It wasn’t a job that a captain should be doing, but seeing my men and encouraging them when need be was something that helped me as well.
These soldiers that I had trained, lectured and sometimes even sparred with, relied on me, and in this moment when we’d be facing an army of beasts much larger in number, they needed my presence.

“Wess! I’m not seeing you shake, am I?” I called out to a middle-aged conjurer gripping his staff. Patting his shoulder, I shot him a smile. “After this fight, let’s have your wife make us one of her mean crumbled pies, okay?”
The conjurer let out a laugh, his body visibly relaxing. “It’s just like you to be thinking of food at a time like this, Captain. Very well, Maryl will be delighted to know that you like her pie that much.”
I gave him a wink before continuing my stroll. It wasn’t much—wave here, a joke there, making a plan for the future—anything to get the soldiers’ heads out of the dark hole caused by the looming battle.
That’s when I saw General Arthur’s little sister... Eleanor was her name, if I wasn’t mistaken. The little girl was hard to notice with the large mana beast beside her. Stella, the soldier that I had assigned to her, was nowhere in sight, replaced by a dark-haired archer with bright eyes. She seemed to be teaching her the basics of firing from higher ground.
“Miss Leywin,” I greeted. “What happened to the soldier I had assigned you?”
The little girl stiffened into a rather clumsy salute. “Ah, yes! Hello, Captain...”
“Albanth.” I smiled before turning to the woman that was teaching her. “And you are?”
The sharp-eyed woman saluted gracefully. “Helen Shard, Captain. My apologies for the confusion. I’m this one’s longtime instructor so I relieved Stella of her duty to watch after her.”
“I see,” I smiled. I was relieved that the general’s younger sister wasn’t the one to shrug off her protector. “In that case, I will leave her in your care.”
“Yes sir!” she said, brimming with confidence.
“Miss Leywin.” I turned to face the approaching beast horde that appeared to be getting even larger than I imagined. “Do you still feel up for helping us out even after seeing that?”
“Yes.” The little girl’s expression hardened as she gripped her intricate bow. “My brother is fighting out there with only Sylvie to help him. The least I can do with all the training I’ve been getting is help him and my parents, who are here as well.”
She couldn’t have been older than twelve or thirteen, yet here she was, with little traces of innocence and youth left. I wanted to ask whether her parents knew she was here and if they would approve, but it wasn’t my place to do so. Giving her and the archer named Helen a salute, I continued my walk until I spotted a messenger running toward me.
Seeing how hard he was breathing, people would think that he had climbed the entire height of the Wall with his bare hands. The messenger dipped his head before speaking to me. “Senior Captain Trodius has called for a meeting and has requested your presence immediately.”
“Got it. Thank you,” I replied before immediately heading to the main tent.
By the time I arrived, Captain Jesmiya was leaving the tent with a rather particularly sour expression. She bumped my shoulder while muttering a string of curses under her breath.
“Captain Jesmiya,” I called out, grabbing the captain’s arm.
The blonde-haired captain whirled around, her free hand already holding her saber before realizing who I was.

“Captain Albanth,” she nearly spat out while sheathing her sword.
Surprised by her venom, I asked her what was going on, only for her to shrug me off with a cold shoulder. “Ask Trodius, ” she hissed before striding away.
I opened the entrance to the tent to see Captain Trodius going through some paperwork in that eerily impeccable posture he always had.
The captain knew I was here but he continued on with his work as if to make a statement. This went on for a few minutes before I couldn’t wait any longer and cleared my throat. “Senior Captain—”
A raised finger cut me off. The man didn’t even look in my direction until he had finally finished whatever it was he was doing, despite the fact that he had sent a messenger for this ‘urgent’ meeting.
Finally, after meticulously filing his papers into three even piles, he looked up and locked eyes with me. “Captain Albanth.”
“Sir!” I saluted, my armor clanging loudly.
“Have your melee troops prepare to march,” he stated. “They will be confronting the beast horde in the terms that we dictate.”
“Excuse me?” I asked, confused. “My apologies, Senior Captain, but it was to my understanding that the melee troops would enter combat only after we’ve lured a majority of the beast horde into the trap we had—”
“Captain Albanth,” the senior captain interrupted again. “Do you know how many resources we’ve expended excavating the underground passages for our trailblazer divisions to safely explore the Beast Glades? I won’t go as far as to weigh the value of lives between the efforts spent on this fortress, but just realize that it doesn’t make sense logistically to detonate the underground routes.”
“But, Sir.” I took a step forward only to be met with a blazing glare from Trodius. Taking a step back, I continued. “With General Arthur’s plan, we’ll be able to immobilize the majority of the beast horde. This will give our melee forces a much better chance to sur—”
“As I have stated before, Captain Albanth , I won’t go as far as to weigh the value of lives...” The senior captain let his sentence trail off, letting me know that was exactly what he was doing.
“Besides, the lance said it himself—it was only a suggestion. I said nothing at the meeting out of respect for his position, but he’s but a boy that’s ignorant of war. It’d be in your best interest to realize that as well.”
Clenching my fists behind my back, I stood silent.
Trodius took the silence as my answer and gave me that fake smile that seemed to work so well with the people who didn’t truly know him. “Good! Then we’ll have your melee troops advance immediately. You and your troops will do whatever it takes to hold your ground until Jesmiya’s forces are ordered to come around the flank to assist you. By then, the archers and conjurers in position will be in range to fire freely at their backline.”
Gritting my teeth in anger, I was barely able to respond with a nod before turning around to leave. Suddenly, Jesmiya’s mood back when we had run into each other seemed too pleasant after hearing this conversation.
“Oh, and Captain Albanth?” the senior captain called out. “I realize that through this, the death toll will be higher, but know that our victory will be that much greater for having kept this vital fortress standing after all of this.”
ARTHUR LEYWIN
‘Arthur.’
My gaze shifted from the Wall, barely visible over the dust that hung in the air, back to the sight of the Alacryan army well within the forest.
‘Arthur!’ Sylvie’s voice rang louder.
“I don’t know!” I snapped. “I don’t know what to do, Sylvie.”
My role was to stay here, to help the forces of the Wall defeat this beast horde. Even if all of this was nothing but a diversion, my family and the Twin Horns were still here. What if something happened to any of them after I had left? On the flip side, what if Tess was in danger? With so many elves stationed around Sapin, it would be almost impossible for Elenoir to properly defend against an army of that size.
‘I know it’s a hard decision,’ she responded, her soothing voice calming me just a tad. ‘Rest assured that I will support whatever choice you make.’
The gears in my brain turned tirelessly while I debated. After my emotions had quelled a bit, my logical side stepped in. It reassured me that the traps already set for the beast horde once they got to the Wall would greatly lower the chances of the melee forces getting killed in combat, let alone a skilled augmenter like my father.
Pressed for time as both the beast horde and Alacryan army advanced relentlessly toward their destination, I made my decision.
“Sylvie. We’re going to Elshire Forest.”





Chapter 218
Chapter 218: From Leader To Soldier
TESSIA ERALITH
Digging my feet into the ground as I leaped forward, I used a mana vine to pull myself to the nearest enemy mage. The surprised Alacryan didn’t even have enough time to turn toward me before my swordstaff sunk deep into his waist. The blood rolled right off as I pulled out my weapon, leaving its pale blade spotless.
“Tessia, duck!” the familiar voice of my teammate rang from behind.
I immediately shot back, giving room for Caria to dive down on another Alacryan from the tree she was on.
“Nice!” I shouted back as I released a bolt of wind to knock back an enemy gaining on Stannard.
“Thank you!” he shouted. His artifact had finished charging, unleashing a blast of mana directly at an approaching mob of enemy soldiers.
Darvus came into view, his dual axes creating sparks and trails of fire as he cleaved both flesh and steel to support our small conjurer.
“We can’t let them get past this point!” I reminded them as Caria flew into action as well, her gauntlets enveloped in thick mana.
We can do this, I reassured myself, watching my teammates battle alongside our other unit of mages. Hachi, one of our new recruits, stood out even from this distance as he stood a head taller than everyone else with his flame-clad fists.
Suddenly a bright beam of ice shot down from a tree nearby. Caria managed to dodge it and Hachi was barely able to dive out of the way, but a nearby elf from his team wasn’t as lucky.
Damn it, I cursed, watching as my ally fell.
With a mana-infused leap, I landed on the branch that a long-range mage had been perched on. Before she could even let out a noise, a fatal wound had already been made. The body slumped and fell off the tree.
Letting out a sharp breath, I surveyed the battlefield below, making sure there weren’t any other enemy conjurers in range to hurt my teammates.
Instead, what I saw was chaos. With the foliage blending in with the trees and ground as well as the thick blanket of fog ever present, it was hard to tell exactly how many enemies there were and how many of my allies were left.
A scream pierced through my ears. It came from nearby. Not knowing whether it was friend or foe that made the pained cry, I whirled toward the source.
It was an elf. From the leather apron fashioned clumsily with a metal sheet on the chest—most likely a baking pan—I could tell instantly he was a civilian that had chosen to stay and defend his town.
The elf crumpled lifelessly to the ground while a puddle of blood formed around him. The killer was an Alacryan mage that had a spinning ring of wind surrounding his open hands. He wore a proud sneer while trampling over the elf’s body.
My blood burned with righteous anger at the sight. Landing deftly on the ground, I sprinted toward the enemy, fully intent on removing him from this battle.
“Tessia! Where are you going?!” I heard Darvus’ voice behind me.
“I’ll be right back!” I responded, not bothering to turn back.
My vision narrowed on the enemy mage as I easily cleared the distance between us, but just as I was about to drive my blade into the unsuspecting enemy mage, a golden pane of light flickered between us. The barrier shattered but it gave the mage enough time to scurry out of my path.
“Sneaky little thing,” the enemy mage spat. A chill ran down my spine as I noticed the man’s eyes quickly scanning my body as if the armor and cloth I wore was nonexistent.
He licked his lips while the whirling blades of wind surrounding his hands grew larger. “You’re lucky we’re in a rush, otherwise I would’ve taken my time with you.”
“No,” I replied coldly, honing in my killing intent and the first phase of my beast will into the enemy. “ You’re lucky that I’m in a rush.”
It wasn’t my first time using my beast will, but I had never used it on another person. Regardless, beast or man, the mage knew how outclassed he was.
“Sh-Shield!” he screamed as he dashed toward him, reaching past his guard in the blink of an eye.
Once again, a golden light flickered into existence, but before it could even fully manifest, the sharp tendrils of mana surrounding me had already pierced several holes into the mage’s body.

Without thinking, I looked down, my gaze was drawn toward the dead elf beside me. His empty eyes seemed to be looking back at me, blaming me.
I can do this, I repeated through gritted teeth.
“Tessia! We need you back!” a familiar voice rang nearby. It was Caria, facing against a group of Alacryans. Her expression was grim but she wasn’t losing her ground even against three enemy mages.
“I’ll be right there!” I shouted before augmenting my sight. I peered through the layer of fog to try and find any of the so-called ‘shields’ hiding. With my mobility and senses, I had the best chances of knocking down their defenses.
Just as I spotted a shield conjuring a panel of light around a group of Alacryans, an enemy mage charged at me.
I don’t have time for this! I easily dodged his flame-clad spear and carved a bloody line through his neck when I spotted another ally in need of help.
There was a human soldier backed up against a tree with two enemy mages closing in on her. I knew my main job was to reinforce my teammates to stop the Alacryan troops from advancing but my body moved without thinking.
With a flick of my wrist, roots shot up from below the two Alacryans, anchoring their feet to the ground.
Wind Cutter.
Compressing the air around my swordstaff, I launched a translucent crescent of wind.
This time, an earthen wall launched up from the ground. My spell left a scar on the stone shield but by the time I could get past their defense, the human girl was already on the ground with a frozen spike jutting out from her chest.
I cursed inward, angry at myself for being too late. Meanwhile, the enemy mages managed to free themselves from my shackles of roots and prepared their next attack—this time, at me.
With a manic cry, the mage dashed toward me, his entire right arm enveloped by a lance made of ice.
It took a little less than a single thought to command the emerald vines of mana to knock aside his feeble attack and puncture a hole through his stomach and chest.
My eyes shifted toward my dead ally that was still leaning against the tree.
I cursed again. I needed to take down all of these mages. The more I brought down, the better chances my allies had. That was my duty.
I kept my mana usage constantly in check as the emerald aura surrounding me shot out more translucent vines that whipped, wrapped, and pierced enemies nearby. My thin blade whistled and sang through the air, drawing arcs of enemy blood wherever it landed.
Constantly reminding myself that each enemy I eliminated was an ally saved, I persevered and continued fighting.
This is the right thing to do.
While the forest was a handicap to many, the endless rows of trees worked to my advantage. Not only did I control the emerald vines of mana constantly protecting me, but every tree around me also beckoned to call.
“Focus the gray-haired girl!” a shout sounded from afar. Seconds later, a condensed beam of fire came into view from the top of a tree.
Rather than dodge it and hope none of my allies would get hit by the blast, I waved my swordstaff and channeled a spell through the mana-amplifying gem on its hilt.
Thick roots from beneath my feet rose from the ground, sacrificing themselves by taking the beam of fire.
Thankfully the fog makes it hard for fires to spread here, I thought as the burned roots withered away.
“Head Tessia!” a desperate cry rang nearby.
I whipped my head back. On the ground just a dozen yards away was Hachi.
The burly man was laying on the ground, his hand desperately reaching out for me just before a stone hammer crushed his head.
His arm dropped to the ground, crimson spreading from where the earthen hammer had dropped.
“No!” I yelled, seething in anger. However, the source of my rage didn’t last much longer as a glowing axe promptly separated the Alacryan’s head from his neck.
Darvus appeared behind the Alacryan’s corpse, his eyes fierce. “Are you out of your mind? Why the hell did you break formation and go off on your own like that?!”

“It’s not like that!” I retorted. “I was saving our troops!”
“Yeah?” he scoffed, “Well because of that, Hachi died. You were supposed to be in position to back him and his team up!”
I shook my head, my face burning from being blamed. “Y-You don’t understand, there were—”

“We all had our positions assigned—that you assigned. Because you ran off, two others are critically injured and their right flank is completely exposed! In what world is that ‘saving our troops?’” he cut me off.
Before I could respond, Darvus dashed off, taking out his anger on the unfortunate enemies nearby.
Snapping out of my daze, I tried going after him when, suddenly, a searing pain spread from my back.
The protective aura from my beast will kept me from toppling over and the damage felt minimal, but it still felt like cold water had been dumped on me.
If the attack had been stronger, I could’ve died.
The promise I made to my teammates, the promise I had made with Arthur, would’ve been broken because I was so caught up in trying to save as many of my troops as I could.
Snap out of it, Tessia! Darvus is right, we need to stay in formation.
I made my way back toward my initial position, exerting more mana into the emerald aura protecting me. I mowed my way through the waves of enemy soldiers wielding weapons of steel and conjured elements that attempted to advance forward to my team.
Turning into a whirlwind of blade and magic, I fought through but we were vastly outnumbered. Even after part of their force had broken off toward Elenoir, the difference in numbers were obvious, but I could only hope that General Aya’s army would take care of them.
Damn it, why am I not getting closer?! I cursed, trying to find Stannard, Caria, and Darvus.
It was impossible to tell how much time had passed since the battle first began, but one thing was painfully clear: I wasn’t fit to be a leader.
It didn’t matter that I was a silver core mage with an S-class beast will. Getting emotional over every ally death I encountered justified that I was incompetent to make rational decisions for the betterment of the whole.
The guilt that I felt manifested itself into a voice in my head, constantly reminding me that I was the one that led every one of my allies here to their death.
I continued making my way toward my initial position, when I finally spotted one of them just a few dozen yards away.
“Stannard!” I yelled, hoping the conjurer could hear me over the chaos.
However, my voice attracted someone else’s attention—a person that looked different from the rest of the enemies around me.
Cutting me off was a brightly armored human riding on a corrupted wolf-like beast.
He looks like someone important, I convinced myself as I watched his long blonde hair billow, unobstructed by any form of protection on his head.
Guards of a different caliber than the rest of the Alacryan soldiers surrounded me, obstructing my path, but as I prepared to confront them, the man spoke.
“Leave the girl to me,” he asserted.
I kept my face impassive as the armor-clad man jumped off his mount and unhurriedly approached me. Even from this distance, I could see that his black armor was a finely crafted suit of both plate and chainmail. Hanging on either side of his waist were two ornate-looking swords embroidered with fine jewels on the hilt.
He unsheathed his swords. “As expected of Tessia Eralith. To barely have any wounds. It’s an honor to meet you like this.”
Keeping my swordstaff pointed at the man, I cautiously stepped forward. “How do you know my name?”
He smiled politely. “You can call me Vernett.”
The translucent green vines thrashed wildly around me as if portraying my anger. I hated when they talked. It made them seem less like savage enemies that we had to kill.

My voice lowered into a threatening growl. “You didn’t answer my question.”
Vernett shrugged as he got into a fighting stance. “Perhaps beating me in combat might make me talk. Afterall, you Dicathians seem to love interrogation.”
That’s how you want to play it.
The hardened soil beneath my feet cracked as I dashed toward the blonde-haired Alacryan, getting in range before he could properly react.
Yet, as the mana tendrils I shot forth approached the man named Vernett, they slowed drastically, coming to a complete stop before even reaching him.
The Alacryan had a smug grin on his face as he used that chance to swing his blade. The attack was fast but after training under so many elites, it was easily dodgeable.
I followed up with my sword this time, only for it to feel as if I was swinging through a thick viscous liquid. By the time my blade reached Vernett’s unprotected neck, the speed had diminished so greatly that it couldn’t even draw blood.
The battle continued, but we were at a stalemate. I was clearly stronger, faster, more adept in combat, but because of his unique variant of defensive water magic, I couldn’t land a solid hit.
It didn’t help that this ‘leader’ constantly moved around the battlefield. He weaved through other skirmishes, never staying in one place long.
“After all your talk, you’re scurrying around like a mouse?” I spat, unable to keep the venom out of my voice.
Vernett let out a laugh. “Why bother butting heads when I’m clearly at a disadvantage.”
I launched a crescent of wind in the feeble hope of getting through his defensive aura, but the man didn’t dodge, rather, he grabbed a nearby soldier—my soldier—and used him as a shield.
The man’s chest spurted blood despite his silver chestplate. His eyes, wide with shock, locked onto me before his head drooped lifelessly.
“Bastard!” I roared, dashing toward him.
The filth of a man threw the body he had used as a shield at me in order to keep his distance.
“What good is your position when you’re nothing but an infant wearing a shiny badge?” he gloated as he sliced off the leg of another one of my soldiers, purposely leaving him alive and in agony.
“Shut up!” Imbuing more mana into my beast will, the emerald vines surged with power, extending up toward the trees and killing two of the long range Alacryan mages.
Using the gap in their offense, I propelled myself toward Vernett.
He dodged the vines I threw at him, his smile never wavering as he used one of his own troops to block another one of my attacks.
Scurrying further away, he shouted, “You should’ve kept the tiara on your head, little princess. Leading with a sword doesn’t suit you.”
“Shut up, shut up, shut up!” I screamed. Succumbing to my rage, I activated the second stage of my beast will.
Suddenly, the world around me turned a hue of green. Sounds of battle became muffled while my body seemed to almost move on its own.
Finally, the blonde Alacryan seemed fazed. Concern showed on his face but it was too late. I reached out and a hand of translucent green held Vernett in a tight grip while the trees around him formed a cage around him.
“Call off your troops,” I growled, my voice coming out distorted.
Vernett coughed out blood from the air getting squeezed out of his lungs. I could feel his ribs cracking through my magic, but a smile blossomed on his face. “Take a look around you. What troops?”
For the first time in what seemed like our entire battle, I pried my eyes off the scumbag in my grip and looked around. The battle had moved forward—no, I had been led back.
Afar, I could see my troops getting bulldozed without me, more and more of their corpses scattered around the forest floor. Perhaps it was due to my beast will’s second stage, but I could clearly see how much the numbers on my side had dwindled... because of me. Because I had prioritized playing to this man’s tunes.
“I’m happy you think so highly of me, but like yourself, I’m merely a distinguished soldier,” he gurgled, blood leaking out from the corners of his mouth. “The difference between us is that I know I’m only pretending to be one.”
As my vision swam from rage and other indescribable emotions, a piercing pain shot through my chest.
I found myself looking up at the forest sky, my body frozen and cold. Vernett’s pained but arrogant expression soon came into my view as he looked down on me.
What had happened? Another enemy mage?
Vernett clicked his tongue in disapproval. “My my, were you so mad at me that you couldn’t even see the mage hiding in the tree straight in your line of sight?”
I closed my eyes, waiting to die, with nobody to blame but myself.
That was when the horn blared from the distance. And when I opened my eyes, Vernett was gone.
Replacing him stood General Aya, looking at me with an expression so cold that I half wished that I had died.





Chapter 219
Chapter 219: Army Approaching
ARTHUR LEYWIN
Compared to the rate of my thoughts and worries speeding by within my mind, the hours in the sky crawled by.
If I wasn’t looking back towards the fading sight of the beast army out of sheer guilt that I was leaving the troops—and my family—at the Wall behind, I was focusing on the bright path of mana that made a road straight to what I suspected was the heart of Elenoir Kingdom.
‘What sort of spell is capable of such a thing?’ my bond asked as we followed along the path shining even through the thick layer of fog above the forest.
I’m not entirely sure but seeing as how the trail sort of zig zags around various points leading up North, I don’t think it’s a single powerful spell but an accumulation of the same spell creating a path.
It was just my speculation—rather, it was my hope. The thought of an enemy mage being able to basically nullify the ambient magic of the forest with a single conjuration scared me.
Snapping myself out of the pessimistic thoughts, I urged Sylvie to fly just a bit faster. It was already worrying enough thinking about something happening to my family or one of the Twin Horns, but thinking of not being able to make it to Tess in time left me trembling in sweat.
After about another hour of scouring above the forest, following the crooked path of mana almost palpable even without Realmheart, I finally spotted signs of a battle in the distance.
Mana fluctuations were apparent even above the thick canopy of trees below us but what worried me was the fact that they were old. This meant that the battle had ended, and it was impossible to tell from this distance which side had won.
Sensing my shift in emotions, Sylvie dived down closer to the forest, fast approaching the location that I had imprinted into my mind and into her as well.
As we approached closer and closer to our destination, however, a figure hovering over the blanket of trees and fog soon caught our attention.
What worried me more than his familiar appearance was the fact that he leaked no mana. Compared to the oppressive tidal wave that was Uto, this man was the eye of a terrible storm—just like his master.
Sylvie stopped about a dozen yards away. This time, it was her fear and anxiousness that was leaking into me.
“Cylrit,” I greeted the Vritra clad in black armor as he stood in the air, his purple cloak billowing behind him.
The retainer dipped his head before responding back with a brusque expression. “Lance.”
Despite my impatience, I exchanged a glance with Sylvie, who had transformed into her human form.
I was at a loss.
My instincts urged me to fight him; he was an enemy. But at the same time, the scythe above him had saved my life and the reason Sylvie and I were able to advance past our respective bottlenecks.
Imbuing mana into my voice, I asked hesitantly, “Are we to fight?”

“I have been instructed to keep you from advancing further,” he replied simply without a single change in his expression.
“And if I were to say that I have to advance?” I pushed, getting ready to release Realmheart once again.
Cylrit’s sharp eyes narrowed, but his voice was still calm as he answered. “It is for your benefit, Lance Leywin. My master wishes for you to be in optimal health before the final battle and partaking in the defense for the elven kingdom will make that difficult.”
“Seris said this was for my benefit?” I blurted.
“My master’s name isn’t something you should speak so casually, human.” Cylrit’s voice didn’t change, but a sharp bloodlust surged from him at the mention of the scythe’s name.
Matching the pressure he emanated, I spoke back, unable to keep the venom out of my voice. “Watch your tone, Cylrit. I chose to exchange words with you out of courtesy for your master. ”
“Courtesy?” the vritra’s expression darkened, changing for the first time. “Master Seris saved your life. I suggest you heed her words and clean up the mess happening in your fortress.”
My eyes remained locked with his. “We’re going to Elenoir.”
“Knowing how to sacrifice is a part of war,” Cylrit said, still trying to persuade me. “Wasting your efforts here won’t help you even if you manage to succeed in defending Elenoir.”
“You don’t think I know that?” I growled, unable to hold back. The wind stilled and the air grew so thick it was almost tangible.
Beside me, I could feel the worry from my bond, but at this moment, I didn’t care. Coming all this way was me already sacrificing the soldiers that would get injured or killed in battle from the beasts that I failed to kill. Who was he to preach about something I’d had to experience for two separate lives.
The vritra’s brows furrowed in frustration. “Go back, lance. If you want a chance of saving Dicathen, you should worry about bigger things.”
I silently approached Cylrit. “Move aside. You’re mistaken if you think you can keep us both here. A lot has changed since our fight against Uto.”
Seris’ retainer clicked his tongue before holding out his arm. A thick black fog swirled around his outstretched hand, manifesting into a pitch black greatsword almost twice the owner’s height. “Very well. If you insist on fighting, allow me to prove you wrong.”
CURTIS GLAYDER
Lanceler Academy, Kalberk City
“Keep your formations!” I barked as I followed closely behind the group of students riding my bond. “Vanguards, keep your shields up! Trust in your mounts to protect your legs. That’s it!”
The twelve students followed the marked path for this particular drill while the archers a few dozen yards away were already in position to fire.
“Release!” I shouted at the archers.
A volley of blunted arrows struck the line of students riding clawed equines owned by Lanceler Academy. As practiced, the students shrugged forward on their mounts, raising their shields and using their left knees to help support them against long-range attacks.
Some of the students were slow in raising their shields while others weren’t able to augment their bodies in time to withstand the volley of projectiles. Those unfortunate students were knocked off the mana beast they were mounted on and tumbled on the dirt trail.
Grawder, my bond, let out a disappointed grunt as he trotted towards the students groaning on the ground.

“Tanner, Gard, Lehr,” I called.
The three students bolted up from the ground and saluted. “Sir!”

Stroking my world lion’s deep red mane, I passed by them. “Each of you owes me twenty sets of shield press without using mana.”
The three new recruits’ faces blanched at my words. Letting out a sigh, we trailed behind the remaining students still riding their mounts.
The practice ran for another two hours as we reviewed a few more formations. Eventually, the clawed equines had to recoverst, bringing the session to a brief rest.
“All right, walk your mounts to the lake and take an hour break!” I called, hopping off of Grawder.
Beneath the hundred-year-old tree, I leaned my back against Grawder, enjoying the cool breeze in the shade. One of my favorite things about this school was the fact that it was so close to Mirror Lake.
I took out some dried beef and fresh bread from my dimension ring and watched as the students separated into their respective circles of friends. Tanner, Gard, and Lehr squatted by the edge of the lake, raising their steel shields above their heads.
Some of the other students had already finished their light meals and began sparring with the blunted weapons used for training.
“As expected of Lanceler students,” a familiar voice sounded from behind me. “Even as trainees, they can never stay still.”
I looked up, not bothering to standget, and shot the retired knight a smirk. “What does that make me, then?”
“A lazy fool,” he retorted, taking a seat beside me in the grass.
I ripped off a chunk of my bread and passed him the side of the old man’s favorite broth that I had stored in my ring as well. “A student is only as good as his teacher, Instructor Crowe.”
“ Ex- instructor,” he scoffed but accepted the snack with a smile. “And it seems like growing up as royalty only taught you how to talk well.”
The two of us sat silently, enjoying the glittering view of the lake. We’d let out a chuckle or a laugh here and there while watching the students make fools of themselves either while sparring or playing in the water. The few girls present were always flocked by the males students doing whatever they could to try and impress their female counterparts.
“Looking at these youths frolic without a care in the world, it’s hard to imagine that we’re in the middle of a war,” Crowe said softly.
“Definitely,” I agreed. “Hearing the stories coming from the eastern border of Sapin, I’m frustrated in one sense because I’m not there helping out, but I’m also relieved because I don’t think my students are anywhere near ready to face Alacryan soldiers.”
“You know, I remember being pretty discontent when I heard the news of you coming to Lanceler. I remember thinking of you as another spoiled noble that found a position here due to your connections.” My former instructor turned his gaze to me. “I was wrong about you, Curtis. You were hard-working from day one, and you were happy to hear your mistakes because that gave you room to improve.”
Not used to hearing compliments from the strict ex-knight, I felt my cheeks starting to flush. “Well, being an adequate mage and fighter iwas one thing, but I didn’t know anything about teaching.”
“Exactly! So why is it so hard for some of you nobles to admit that you don’t know something, or you’re not good at it? It still baffles me to this day.”

I let out a chuckle. “Think of it as an inferiority complex. Nobles are taught to either have no weakness or, if we haved one, to never show it.”
“That’s one good thing about when you’re in battle. At that moment when you’re one of the countless soldiers in the front line, there is no strategy,” the old knight huffed.
“Is that your excuse for never trying to go into leadership or strategic positions?” I smirked.
“Why you little—” Crowe hooked me with his arm and began grinding his knuckles on my head while Grawder groaned in protest from being woken up.
“Okay, okay! I surrender!”
The two of us continued bickering as we laughed. Despite the rather short time I had come here to teach students, there was an abundance of stories to exchange to one another on a perfect day like this.
After the short hour of break time had passed, the two of us got up.
“Back to the training grounds in full armor within fifteen minutes!” I yelled.
The students stiffened at my voice and scurried back up the hill where we had practice.
“They listen to you well,” Crowe commented, smiling as he saw some of the students that he had once taught greeting him with a hurried bow before running up.
“Their graduations depend on it.” I shrugged before patting the old knight on the back. “Come on, Instructor Crowe, it’s time for spear lessons and you’re still the best. I’m sure they’d love to learn from you.”
“I may be retired, but I’m still expensive.”
“Think of the bread and broth as payment.”
“Why you little...”
Crowe stopped. He raised his head, peering up at a figure in the sky.
“Isn’t that a messenger?” I asked, squinting my eyes to try and see what sort of beast the flying mount was.
The beast, along with its rider, descended, landing on the highest balcony on the metal tower. The tall, pointed structure in the shape of a colossal lance was not only the symbol of our academy but the building where our headmaster resided.
“That’s a blade wing,” Crowe muttered, his tone serious. “There are only a few mages bonded to those beasts. If they were hired as messengers, that means it’s serious.”
I hopped on Grawder and gestured to my former instructor. “Let’s see what it’s about.”
After passing by my confused students and riding through the paved school grounds, we approached the tall lance-shaped tower.
Grawder couldn’t fit in the staircase so we left him with the guards stationed outside before making our way up the tower. Even with mana, the journey up the spiraling stairs was a bit hard on the old knight but we made it fast enough to still hear the mutters of conversation going on on the other side of the headmaster’s door.
After the two of us traded glances, I turned the golden handle and opened the door.
Seated behind his desk was the giant frame of our headmaster slumped forward with his head buried in his hands. Beside him was the messenger, his expression a mixture of fear and angst.
I spoke up. “Headmaster Landon? We saw the messenger and—”
The headmaster raised a hand, not bothering to look up. “Gather your students, Instructor Curtis. Better yet, maybe it’s best you just make your journey to Kalberk now and use their teleportation gate to go back to the Castle.”
“I’m not following, Sir. What’s going on?” I shifted my gaze from the headmaster to the messenger.
“An envoy arrived at Kalberk from Etistin this morning,” the messenger started, his voice trembling. “A watcher flying a few miles off the coast of Etistin spotted roughly three hundred Alacryan ships approaching.”





Chapter 220
Chapter 220: The Weight Of A Choice
TESSIA ERALITH
Whether it was from the relief that a lance had arrived or because the backlash of overusing my beast will had finally set in, I passed out.
The sun had nearly set, casting a red hue to the thick blanket of fog when I woke up. I found myself on top of a small wyvern with several soldiers stationed around me with weapons drawn, but the battle had already ended.
My body ached and the very act of keeping my eyes open sent sharp waves of pain to my temples. But I couldn’t stop staring at the scene.
The battle had ended; we had won. However, what I was focused on were the injured soldiers in my unit being carried off while the dead were buried on the spot. Bodies that should be taken to their families for a proper ceremony were left in the very spot they were killed.
I scrambled off the winged reptile, alarming the soldiers on guard. They tried to help me back up, thinking I fell, but I waved them away.
Anger rose in the pit of my stomach and had I succumbed to the impulse I might’ve actually begun lashing out at the soldiers burying our fellow allies.
But I stopped myself, taking my frustrations out on the dirt below my hands. Even if it wasn’t proper, I knew there was no choice. There was an army of Alacryans still marching their way to Zestier City, the very heart of my kingdom. There was no time to spare for the dead when every bit of time and effort would be needed in defending against the siege.
One of the guards gently pulled me up to my feet and gestured toward the wyvern. “Head Tessia. Please remain on the mount in case anything happens.”
Even then, what right do I have to get angry? Aren’t I the one to blame for the deaths that happened here? If it wasn’t for my selfishness, how many of those being buried right now would’ve survived?
I knew it wasn’t healthy to fall into this pit of self-blame and ‘what ifs’ but with Vernett’s taunts still echoing in my head, it was hard not to. Regardless, I began climbing back onto the mount when something out of the corner of my eye caught my attention.
Shaking off the guard, I started running.
It can’t be.
I made my way through the medics helping the injured and the emitters making their rounds to the soldiers in more serious conditions. It was hard for me to breathe as my eyes remained glued to the emitter kneeled on the ground and the patient she was helping.
It was Caria, unconscious. I fell to my knees, but before I could get any closer, a hand blocked my path.
I looked up to see a stoney-eyed Darvus staring at me with an expression that I’d never seen before. “She was just barely able to fall asleep with a sedative. Don’t wake her up.”
Stannard was also nearby, disheveled and covered in dirt. After seeing me, though, he looked away.
Neither had any injuries besides a few scratches and scrapes, but the same couldn’t be said for Caria.
I watched, dumbfounded, as the emitter began closing the wound on her left leg... or rather, what was left of it. The man had his hands clasped over the mangled stump, applying pressure, but blood still gushed between his fingers, forming a crimson pool.

I stared, both awestruck and horrified, at the sight of Caria’s wound rapidly healing. The skin around her open wound began closing in together to form a lumpy knot of flesh.
I knew before that emitters couldn’t regenerate new limbs, but seeing the wound close over the bottom of her thigh made it seem irreversible.
That’s when it hit me.
The bright and energetic Caria, whose talent as an augmenter was only outshined by her love for martial arts, would never be able to walk on her own two feet again.
“H-How...” I muttered, my vision blurring from the tears welling up.
“ How? ” I heard Darvus retort. “You leave us to go on your own solo crusade and—”
“Stop, Darvus. People are watching.” Stannard pulled him away and locked eyes with me before dipping his head in a bow. “I apologize for his outburst, Head Tessia.”
The blonde conjurer that was normally shy and kind-hearted, regarded me coldly.
I shook my head. “Stannard...”
My two teammates ignored me, huddling close by Caria and asking the emitter how the wound was healing.
Darvus was right. It was my fault. I had a role that I was supposed to fill, but I chose to go off on my own, thinking that I could help more with my strength.
No. To be honest with myself, I probably thought at one point that being a silver core mage entitled me to greater battles than merely defending a position.
And because of that, I abandoned my teammates. No amount of convincing myself that she could’ve still incurred the injury even if I was there helped alleviate the terrible pressure weighing down on my chest.
“It’s time to go,” a familiar voice said from behind.
I didn’t look back—my eyes remained locked on Caria’s peaceful slumber. How would that change when she woke up. Would she blame me like Darvus and Stannard? Would she hate me?
I wiped my tears with the back of my hand. I had to stay strong. This was just the beginning. The battle to defend the capital of Elenoir would be where I could make up for my mistakes.
“Tessia Eralith.”
The voice snapped me out of my thoughts. Turning around, I saw General Aya clad in light armor with several guards close behind her.
“The rider is ready to depart. You’ll be going back to the Castle immediately, Head Tessia,” the elven lance stated as she turned around.
“The Castle?” I replied. “I don’t understand. The Alacryan army is marching towards Zestier right now. There’s no time to visit—”
General Aya looked back over her shoulder, her sharp gaze cutting off my words. “Perhaps I haven’t made myself clear. You will be withdrawn from battle until further notice.”

I quickly scrambled back up to my feet. “Wait, General! I-I can still fight! Please.”
The lance’s usually inviting and charming demeanor was laced with impatience but she kept her voice polite. “Please be wary of your position as an Eralith. Taking into consideration your current state of mind, I have already told the Council that you are unfit for battle.”

No. No. I needed to fight. I needed to make up for my mistakes. I needed to make it up to Caria and everyone else by doing well in the coming battle.
Aya began to walk away, her dark wavy hair billowing behind her, when I latched onto her arm. “General, I’m one of the few silver-core mages ready to fight. I can’t just hide in the Castle when I know the entire elven kingdom is under—”
“Your job was to remain in formation and hold off for the short period it would take for reinforcements to arrive, yet the death toll of your unit reached over half because of your selfish ambitions.” The lance pried my fingers off and regarded me coldly. “The remainder of your unit that is still fit for battle will join under the rest of my division.”
“It’ll take too long for any more reinforcements to arrive, General! Even General Arthur is occupied with the beast horde attacking—”
“What happens from now on is no longer your concern. You’ve done enough, Princess.”
The lance’s words hit me like a brick of reinforced lead, leaving me frozen as General Aya handed the soldier standing beside the wyvern a scroll. “Take her straight to the castle and get this to Commander Virion.”
Making my way towards the mount as its rider tightened the saddle, I allowed myself one last glance back at Darvus and Stannard.
Neither could look me in the eye. With pleading eyes, I continued to stare, hoping they’d at least meet my gaze. However, up until the very end, neither looked back.
And the agony and hollowness I felt at that moment hurt more than every injury I had ever incurred as a fellow soldier fighting by their side.
VIRION ERALITH
The Castle
It was chaos. Live updates—a majority from Zestier City—were being branded onto the transmission scrolls faster than we could sort and read them. Despite the cost of these communication artifacts, piles of them were littered all over the meeting room as members of the Council continued to read through them.
The dire and hectic situation added oil to the flames of tension that had already built up in the room.
A sudden thud turned everyone’s head towards Alduin, who had thrown a stack of transmission scrolls on the ground. My son grabbed Bairon Glayder, former king of Sapin, by his collar and slammed him against the wall.
“You’re reading the reports from Elenoir as well, right?” he hissed. “Are you happy? Are you happy?! ”
I gestured away the guards that were about to interfere.
For the first time, the proud head of the Glayder family looked... ashamed. “It was impossible to predict something like this could happen.”
“Impossible?” Alduin spat, bringing his face closer to the human’s. “An army of Alacryan mages is currently approaching Zestier, the very heart of Elenoir. Even with the evacuation strategies being implemented, the death tolls are already rising from soldiers trying to stop the city from being sieged and you’re saying it was impossible?”

“I understand your anger but please, this isn’t the time or place to do this,” Merial soothed as she pulled back her husband’s arm.
Jerking his arm free from his wife’s hold, he swung a wild fist that was still clutching onto the transmission scroll sent by General Aya, landing squarely on Bairon’s jaw. “My daughter nearly died because of your greed!”
Priscilla Glayder stood off to the side, watching the whole scene with gritted teeth and clenched fists, unable to aid her husband out of guilt. Buhnd sat idly, the usual look of amusement replaced by a grim frown.
Alduin fell to his knees. He slammed his fist into the marble ground until his entire hand was covered in blood. “How many times did I ask for our own troops to be placed back in Elenoir? How many times did I plead because I was afraid this exact scenario would occur!? How are you going to take responsibility if this leads to the entire fall of the elven kingdom!”
Not a sound could be heard aside from the howl of rage and despair that my son let out. His wife gently wrapped her arms around him, comforting my son in a way that I couldn’t.
I had no right. After all, the weight of his words didn’t just fall on the Glayders, but to myself as well. I was the one that had ultimately agreed with Bairon on keeping the elven troops in Sapin. I was the one responsible for what was happening to Elenoir.
I was overconfident with the magical defenses of the Elshire Forest. Just like the Glayders. I was wrong. Such a simple acknowledgment was stuck deep in the back of my throat; I didn’t have the strength to say it aloud.
As the commander, I led the entire military forces of Dicathen. While I didn’t want this position, I had been confident in the decisions I made and the orders I gave. I felt like acknowledging this mistake now would be forever casting doubt in my mind no matter what commands I gave.
I stared at the transmission scroll sent from Etistin.
Now isn’t the time to doubt my decisions.
I quickly flipped the scroll and tucked it into another pile nearby before speaking.
“Enough! Now is not the time to be pointing fingers. Get out and cool off, all of you, ” I stressed.
The members of the Council looked at one another, still emotional but more hesitant. “Councilmember Alduin and Merial, Tessia should be arriving at the Castle soon. Take some time and be there for her.”
Shifting my gaze towards the Glayders, I gave them each a nod. “Take a break, and just know that what happened is no one person’s fault.”
I waited for the guards to escort the members of the Council out. Alduin and Merial were the first ones gone and from the way my son’s sharp eyes flashed with indignation and anger, I knew he blamed me as well. Perhaps the only reason he didn’t voice it was because he knew how much I also cared for Elenoir.
Bairon, before he was taken out of the room, looked back. “I know you swore your oath to be impartial in leading Dicathen in this war, but I won’t blame you if what you decide to do next is for your home kingdom.”
He didn’t wait for me to reply as he walked out with his wife in hand.
It was an answer I had never expected from the former human king, and it made my very decision to escort the Council out of this room seem like I was avoiding the confrontation I would eventually have to face for my choices.
Buhnd was the last to leave; he shot me a look that I couldn’t interpret, but I didn’t have time to ponder. I was now alone.
The room that had been so lively just a few moments ago seemed so unsettling. The messages written in the transmission scrolls seemed to create a cumulative pressure that was almost suffocating.
Letting out a sigh, I retrieved the transmission scroll from Etistin and read it again. The content of this scroll, and the many more soon to come, would stun the rest of the Council as much as it was paralyzing for me right now.
I couldn’t let that happen. At least one of us needed to be in their right mind, which was why I hid it from them—even if it was for just a few hours. I needed that time to decide on how to proceed.
There were now over three hundred ships filled with Alacryan soldiers approaching our western shores and there would undoubtedly be scythes and retainers amongst them. Taking into account the intensity and timing placed into their attacks, I couldn’t help but fear that this war was reaching its turning point.
Fortunately, Bairon and Varay were already close by, but just having those two wouldn’t be enough—Even having all five of our lances might not be enough. Getting Lance Mica to the western coast wouldn’t be too difficult and Arthur should’ve been nearly finished with his role at the Wall.
That only left the elven lance.
Would I withdraw General Aya from Elenoir and deny them reinforcements? Would I essentially abandon Elenoir by taking the lance away or risk allowing another even larger army to step foot on our land?





Chapter 221
Chapter 221: Backtrack
ARTHUR LEYWIN
Near the southern end of the Elshire Forest
The three of us stood aloft the canopy of trees. I gripped Dawn’s Ballad in my hand while a thousand thoughts and worries ran through my mind.
Despite Sylvie’s recent growth, she wouldn’t be able to handle the retainer by herself. And even if I were to hold Cylrit off myself, Sylvie wouldn’t be able to find Tess within the magical fog spread over Elshire Forest.
The best option was to end this battle as fast as possible in order to make it to Tess. However, expending too much energy and mana in a fight where the opponent was just stalling could be detrimental for the real battles soon to come.
Sylvie. I’m pretty confident I can beat Cylrit on my own, but not if his aim is to just stall for time. Let’s wrap this up quickly together.
While the speed of my flight was by no means slow, fighting was another story. It was difficult to utilize my fighting style, which consisted of sharp movements and bursts of speed, in the air.
‘I agree,’ she confirmed as mana already began gathering around her at an extraordinary rate.
Opening my mind entirely to my bond, Sylvie formed a solid panel of condensed mana beneath my feet at my request.
Cylrit’s expression didn’t change at my sudden approach. He merely lifted his greatsword into a defensive position.
I focused on a space about three paces in front of Cylrit, sending a quick thought to my bond. The timing was just a tad behind but another translucent panel formed beneath my right foot as I stepped on the space in the sky I had shown to Sylvie. This allowed for another quick change in direction as I pushed off Sylvie’s conjuration.
The retainer’s eyes calmly followed my movements but his greatsword remained frozen in place. Still, I didn’t let down my guard.
Dawn’s Ballad whistled as its sharp edge cut through the air toward Cylrit’s chest, but something felt off.
The closer my blade got to the retainer, the more I felt a weight ‘pulling’ on it. Dawn’s Ballad almost seemed to be sucked in by Cylrit’s behemoth of a sword as the teal blade arced off course and straight into its pitch-black blade.
The sensation disappeared as soon as our blades clashed, but as soon as I swung again, Dawn’s Ballad was once again attracted to his mysterious sword.
With only the thought of ending this quickly, I activated the first phase of my beast will.
Static Void.
The colors around me inverted, freezing everything but myself in place. I quickly brought the broken tip of Dawn’s Ballad against the motionless retainer’s stomach before releasing Static Void.
However, even at point-blank range, my sword veered away from Cylrit’s torso, barely drawing blood while leaving me drained.
Damn it! I cursed.

Sylvie reacted quickly to my failed attempt by conjuring another platform beneath my feet for me to quickly gain distance from Cylrit.
I let out a heavy breath. Static Void was a spell passed down to me from Sylvia that wasn’t compatible with my mastery of aether. Even as a white core mage, just using a few seconds of the aether arts made me feel like I had been fighting for several hours.
“I was taught of the various mana arts that asura clans had forged, especially the ‘aether arts’ of the Indrath Clan. Experiencing it in person, though, I could see why it’s to be feared,” Cylrit said, looking down at his wound.
Having no intentions of exchanging frivolities with him, I mentally nudged my bond.
Sylvie, fire a few shots behind him.
‘Got it.’
Just as arrows of mana manifested in the air behind the retainer, I launched a blast of frost and an arc of lightning. The ice blast spread into a cone while the lightning spell branched off to completely cover our opponent but to no avail.
With a single sweep of his sword, our spells were sucked up and completely eaten away by the black blade.
My bond conveyed her annoyance with a quick glance in my direction. ‘What a troublesome ability.’
Impatience welled up inside me as I watched Cylrit maintain his stance, not bothering to attack. Rather, he pulled out a small scroll and began reading it.
The retainer looked up, shifting his gaze from Sylvie to me before saying, “one of my scouts has confirmed that elven princess has been withdrawn from battle.”
“Do you honestly expect me to believe you and walk away?” I spat.
Withdrawing Dawn’s Ballad, I conjured two frozen blades like Varay had done—condensing layer upon layer of ice to reinforce its durability—before rushing towards the retainer.
Cylrit’s cold eyes narrowed in scrutiny, well aware of Sylvie preparing a spell from a distance as I quickly approached.
My two blades of ice clashed with his sword, generating a blast of pressure. Even with mana coating my weapons, cracks were already visible.
Mending the scarred surface of the weapons, I swung again, quickly turning into a flurry of blades. It was an odd feeling as my swords were unwillingly forced into a direction different from where I willed it.
It got to the point where I would purposely abandon the ice swords and quickly conjure a new one, hoping that there would be a bit of a lag in between the gravitational pull from his sword.
“If your master is really on our side, this is a meaningless battle, Cylrit,” I growled, releasing the eighteenth conjured sword from my hand and shooting a blast of fire at his legs.
That’s when I saw—or rather, sensed it. Something within his weapon changed . Not visibly, but it happened just after the sword I had let loose was pulled into his sword and I had shot the fire.
Immediately, I activated Realmheart, surprising both Sylvie and Cylrit. I tested it out once more, throwing my other ice sword at Cylrit while simultaneously shooting an arc of lightning.
The mana fluctuation within his greatsword—now visible to me with Realmheart—changed in the middle of his swing as he blocked both the solid composition of my ice sword and the mana-fueled spell of the lightning.
His sword can only attract one or the other at once!
By his annoyed gaze, I knew Cylrit noticed my revelation, but it didn’t matter. I knew his weakness.

Sylvie, capitalizing on our discovery, quickly casted the spell she had been preparing. Like a brilliant firework display, hundreds of sparks spread with blazing trails. Rather than fade, though, the sparks of light remained suspended in the air all around us.
A wave of fatigue leaked onto me from my bond, but she remained determined to finish this quickly.

‘I need to concentrate fully on maintaining this mana art. Don’t let Cylrit near me.’
With a mental nod, I burst forward, using a condensed blast of wind to aid my acceleration. I was doubtful whether we could pull off the sort of coordination we would need to follow through with Sylvie’s plan, but I followed through with her intention.
Cylrit was obviously wary of the gleaming sparks of light surrounding him but his attention remained focused on me as I was the more immediate threat.
I conjured a single blade of ice as I approached the retainer. The spark of light beneath my right foot turned into a panel for me to push off of, allowing me to sharply change my direction. Another spark turned into a platform, and another, until I was dancing around Cylrit fast enough for him to lose track of me briefly.
‘Now! ’ Sylvie expressed.
I pushed off one of the many platforms of mana my bond had conjured directly behind the retainer.
Even without his powerful vacuum ability, however, Cylrit’s reflexes were on par or even above mine. He whirled around, bringing his large sword around at a speed that made me believe his weapon was a hollow toy.
I saw the mana composition changing within his weapon before feeling my blade of ice being sucked in towards the black sword.
As I resisted the force pulling at my conjured weapon, Sylvie triggered one of the sparks of mana hovering nearby.
A blinding beam of pure mana shot out towards Cylrit just as my blade clashed with his. The retainer, unable to alter his weapon’s ability in time, was forced to dodge out of the way.
Sylvie’s attack still managed to glance off his black armor, leaving its mark alongside the small wound I had inflicted on his torso.
We didn’t stop there. I abandoned the ice sword for the countless time and concentrated mana into my fist before swinging hard at my opponent’s face while sending a blast of lightning with my other hand.
Cylrit opted to absorb the blast of lightning while using his own arm to block my fist. While he was pushed back from the force, I conjured a new—even larger—blade than the last one and striked.
Unable to change his ability fast enough, he took the full force of Ice Sword Mach Twenty-something. The mana around his body negated the brunt of the attack, but by the blood leaking from the corner of Cylrit’s lips, I knew we had landed our first successful attack.
We continued to stay on the offensive, mixing spells with conjured swordplay or attacking with my own hands and feet.
It’s working, I sent to Sylvie.
My bond triggered another spark to release a blast of mana while I purposefully shattered my latest ice sword. Being a white core mage, molding the dozens of ice fragments into spikes was instantaneous while they hailed down on the retainer.
However, before either of our attacks could reach Cylrit, the retainer spun towards me. I barely managed to dodge the kick aimed at my face but his foot still scuffed me on the shoulder.
Tumbling back in the air, I tried to regain my balance when a spotted a black object advanced directly at me. It was Cylrit’s sword, along with the barrage of icicles that were being pulled towards it.

I grabbed on to one of Sylvie’s suspended sparks to stop myself from tumbling. Four other sparks in between me and Cylrit’s thrown sword lit up and connected to form a large barrier.
The pitch-black sword pierced through Sylvie’s mana barrier but managed to stop the ice shards.
I dodged Cylrit’s weapon easily enough but the retainer followed up with another kick.
Barely managing to duck out of the way, I imbued my fist with lightning, but as I tried to strike at him, a force pulled the spell surrounding my fist back behind me.
This gave Cylrit enough time to land a solid punch to my jaw. The mana protecting me soaked up some of the force from the impact but my vision still swam.
I dodged the next hit and tried to gain some distance from him but he stuck closely to me. The sparks around us glowed threateningly, a sign that Sylvie was waiting for a chance to fire once more.
Now was the time—while Cylrit’s sword was set to attract physical spells.
“Do it!” I roared.
A note of panic and confusion bloomed from my bond’s mind, but I expressed my confidence and determination.
My bond abided and fired everything she had.
The sky lit up as every single spark fired a bright beam of mana directly at us.
My body begged me to move out of the way. It wasn’t too late. But instead, I grabbed ahold of Cylrit.
‘Arthur!’ Just from hearing Sylvie’s voice in my head, I could feel how horrified she was.
The retainer struggled to break free from my grasp, his attention focused not on the spell but on his sword behind me. It was obvious that he was trying to get his weapon back, but I didn’t make it that easy. Unable to even risk releasing a single limb from Cylrit, I smashed my forehead into his nose and repeated until the heat from Sylvie’s mana beams could be felt on my skin.
Static Void.
The world grew still again just as the cluster of beams were inches away from us.
I tried prying myself away from Cylrit, but the retainer had been grabbing onto the fur-lined mantle that Virion had passed down to me.
I slipped out of the piece of outerwear and dropped down out of harm’s way before releasing Static Void.
The world’s color shifted back to normal and I watched from a distance as Cylrit’s figure disappeared within the beams of mana.
Damn. So much for not wasting my energy, I cursed myself.
Cylrit’s abilities made it a bad match-up and there was still much to be desired from the coordination between Sylvie and me, but we managed to win without any serious injuries—a large improvement considering we got our asses handed to us by Uto last time.
I saw Cylrit’s figure plunging down into the canopy of trees and fog below but with Realmheart, I knew he was still alive.
I looked at my bond, both of us prepared to finish our journey, when I felt a mild shock pulse from within my pant pocket.
It was the transmission scroll linked with my sister. I quickly unrolled it and read the short message now inscribed on the vellum.
My hands trembled as I read and reread the content of the scroll. I fumbled with the scroll as I tried to shove it back into my pocket. But even after that, I remained still. I didn’t know what to do. I couldn’t decide.
A beat of silence passed before Sylvie’s voice echoed in my head. ‘Arthur. Let’s go.’
I could tell by the angst from Sylvie that she had read my thoughts that I hadn’t bothered to hide. She quickly shifted into her draconic form, swooped underneath me and scooped me up.
‘We’ll assume that the retainer was telling the truth for now. Right now, your sister needs us back at the Wall.’





Chapter 222
Chapter 222: Future’s First Step
GREY
A lot changed after Cecilia’s accident at school. Things weren’t as drastic as Nico had feared after our friend’s secret was exposed—at a glance, at least. Despite the crude oligarchy we were in, we still had basic rights.
The enforcers couldn’t just take Cecilia and keep her for whatever purposes they had in store, but they were able to basically force Cecilia to attend sessions at a nearby government facility for “tests” under the guise of helping her “control her abilities.”
Another problem was that Cecilia was an orphan like Nico and I were. With no legal guardian available after Headmaster Wilbeck passed away, more than once did a supposed wealthy or powerful individual extend their desire to adopt her.
I’d like to say that I was there to help my friend as she endured the stresses and hardships that came from being under the spotlight, but that would be a lie.
With Nico by her side, being the shoulder to lean on for Cecilia, it was quickly apparent that they had become more than just friends. While I thought my initial reaction to this would be discomfort at the fact that my two childhood friends were on the path to becoming lovers, I was actually happy for them. It was hard for me to show that, though, since I was hardly ever there with them.
Training with Lady Vera became even more intensive as I met and even exceeded her own expectations. She had the authority to allow me to skip most of my classes since her own training regimen was several times more intensive than the academy so my social life and youth was compromised. If I wasn’t training or sparring, I was learning etiquette and basic knowledge required for the exam to even qualify to be a king. As it turned out, you couldn’t only be a good fighter—you needed the intellect and charisma to appeal to your country’s citizens.
It was while under the full tutelage of Lady Vera and the team of tutors dedicated to making sure I had a fighting chance to become a king that I learned the role was more akin to a glorified mascot than it was a leader.
Still, I needed the power and voice that came with the position. I still hadn’t forgotten about the assassins that were responsible for Headmaster Wilbeck’s cruel death.
I also used that reason to justify my absence with Nico and Cecilia. Days and sometimes even weeks would go by without even being able to see their faces, and while I felt bad, I fooled myself into believing that becoming a king would solve everything. Whether the government was running shady tests on Cecilia to get a better grasp of her abnormal ki levels or the politicians trying to use her as a tool to further their gains, becoming a king would get rid of all of those problems.
I wasn’t sensible or emphatic like Nico was, nor did I have strong enough feelings for Cecilia to dedicate my time being there for her like my best friend. If anything, there was still a small part of me that blamed Cecilia for Headmaster Wilbeck’s death. The woman that was basically my mother was killed protecting her.
It wasn’t fair for me to blame her—I knew that. I swallowed those unjustified resentments long ago because Cecilia had taken her death hard as well, but it still left a small chasm in our relationship.
Perhaps that’s why I could never reciprocate the feelings Cecilia once had for me. Whatever the reason was, it didn’t matter. I barely had time to sleep since my current schedule was planned down to the minute of every day by Lady Vera.
She wasn’t completely heartless, though. She would still give me time to hang out with Nico and Cecilia every once in a while, and although many of the times Cecilia couldn’t come because of her own “training,” talking and joking around with Nico was one of the few joys in my life.
We were almost eighteen, and would soon legally become adults, when Nico brought up his plan with Cecilia while on one of our now-monthly hangouts.
“You’re going to run away?” I asked incredulously.
“No... well, I guess, in a way.” Nico let out a sigh. “You make my well-thought-out plan sound like some sort of prepubescent rebellion.”

“Because it sort of is,” I scoffed. “Do you think the government will even let you run away with Cecilia? As far as they’re concerned, she’s basically a national asset.”
“Trust me, I know. But after Cecilia and I no longer need a guardian, we can drop out of school and go to a different country. The new prototype of the ki limiter I made is already several times more stable than the previous one and that accounts for the growth in her ki levels.”
“How much has her ki level grown?” A part of me didn’t want to know the answer.
Nico leaned back against the seat. “According to her latest report, more than double.”
“What?!” I yelled, instantly drawing the attention of the other students in the cafeteria.
“Yup. Apparently, it’s not just her inherent ki level that’s monstrous but its growth as well. At this point, I just hope the team of researchers watching over her know what they’re doing—I’d expect any form of explosive growth can’t be perfectly stable.”
“Still, that’s ridiculous,” I said, lowering my voice. I couldn’t help but imagine myself having a ki level so high. A majority of my training with Lady Vera consisted of compensating for my levels of ki despite the endless resources she had spent on medicine and supplements.
With my combat abilities and Cecilia’s ki level, becoming a king would have actually been just a matter of time. I could see why the government wanted to control her so much.
“Training still rough?” Nico asked his routine question once again.
I nodded, barely able to raise a grilled piece of chicken breast to my mouth. “It’s getting a bit more bearable now, but yeah.”
Nico usually didn’t pry for details, but I guess he couldn’t hold it in any longer. He set down the fork and looked at me with his sharp eyes. “Why are you doing this to yourself?”
I continued to carefully chew my food, answering only with a raised brow.
“I barely see you nowadays. Hell, Cecilia isn’t as busy even with the government training sessions and politicians hounding her. When I do see you, you’re either bloody to the point that it&amp;#8217;s seeping through your uniform or you’re so sore you can hardly stand. Is being the king that important that it’s worth throwing away your body and youth?”
“You know it’s not as simple as that,” I said with a threatening tone.
Nico rolled his eyes. “Yeah, I know. It’s apparently the dying wish of Headmaster Wilbeck for you to avenge her by wasting away your life.”
I slammed my utensils down on the table. “Are you done?”
There was a beat of silence between the two of us as we locked eyes. Nico relented, letting out a breath. “Look, I didn’t mean to come off like such a jerk. I just wanted to say that Headmaster Wilbeck wouldn’t have wanted this for you. She would’ve wanted you and Cecilia to live as normal students and be happy with normal lives and families.”
“You know I can’t let it go that easily. Not after her whole murder was covered up as an accident. Those assassins are part of a bigger organization, I just know it.”
“So you become a king and then snuff out the organization that killed Headmaster Wilbeck. Then what?” Nico pressed.

“Then I retire. Find a quiet place and ‘be happy with a normal life and family,’” I replied with a smirk.
My friend shook his head helplessly. “Let’s hope it’s that easy.”
I chuckled, wincing at the pain it brought to my sore chest. “What about you and Cecilia? Do you have a particular country in mind or are you just content with going wherever the wind blows like gypsies?”

“Engineers never ‘go wherever the wind blows,’” he scoffed. “I have pretty much the whole plan set. And it’s all legal... just, low-key.”
“Well have you told this masterplan to Cecilia?”
“Not entirely, but—oh, speak of the devil. Cecil! We’re over here!” Nico suddenly called out, practically bolting up from his seat. It irritated me how his voice went up a pitch every time he talked to Cecilia. It wasn’t over-the-top but still a bit cringy.
Nevertheless, I turned my head and waved to our friend with a smile. My greeting was casual and laid back, but my eyes scanned Cecilia with scrutiny. She had gotten taller, and her posture much more straight and confident despite the exhaustion shown on her face. It was easy to say that, objectively, she had gotten much prettier. Whether this was because her strict training was shaping her body into a more feminine figure or because of her inherent genes coming to fruition with age, she attracted the gazes of most of the male students around her.
She was dressed in a similar uniform to mine, indicating to the students and faculty that we had mentors and were exempt from showing up to class or school. It was a more extravagant version of the ones normal students wore, embellished with gold trims and buttons to match. I thought it always looked odd on me, but on Cecilia, it made her look like a noble straight out of a fairytale.
Cecilia smiled back at us before taking a seat across from me next to Nico.
“It’s been a while, Grey,” she said, smoothing out her blazer. She looked at me with weary eyes. “How is training going for you?”
“It’s been going well,” I replied awkwardly. “How are you?”
Cecilia had always been a quiet girl, but seeing her less and less made our interactions even more strained than usual.
Still, she was a gentle and selfless girl—selfless enough to say she was doing good when, despite her improved physique, her psyche seemed to be at the cusp of shattering.
“Here, Cecil. I saved some of your favorite foods before they were all gone.” Nico pushed the tray of untouched food toward her and I watched as she forced a smile and practically shoved the creamed seafood medley down her throat.
For someone so smart, Nico was pretty clueless.
I watched for a while as the two of them conversed; Nico did most of the talking. Cecilia mostly listened but responded genuinely to all of Nico’s questions while she finished off the platter of food.
Despite the change in dynamics between the three of us, things seemed normal for a while. We were three students sitting and chatting over a meal in the dining hall of our school. While my drive to become a king grew more and more while training, I still missed spending time like this.
It was only when Nico mentioned his plans about fleeing the country that things started going south. Cecilia’s expression hardened, to a point where she almost looked... afraid.

“N-Nico. I don’t think we should be talking about that here,” Cecilia said, looking around.
Nico cocked a brow. “Come on, Cecil. It’s not like we’re actually running away. We’re legally allowed to go to other countries, you know.”
“Still...” Cecilia’s voice trailed off as she continued to survey our surroundings.
I looked down at the watch strapped to my wrist and got up from my seat. “My time’s up. I better get back to Lady Vera’s estate before she doubles my regimen for the rest of the day.”
“We’ll walk you to the car.” Nico got up and Cecilia followed.
The three of us walked out of the dining hall and into the foyer still packed with students on their lunch break. Eyes were drawn towards Cecilia and me because of our uniforms but the three of us ignored the envious gazes around us and walked outside to the murky afternoon that seemed to reflect how I was feeling.
Nico was probably the only one out of the three of us that remained normal and somewhat ignorant. I never told him about getting captured and tortured, and I was sure Cecilia was withholding quite a bit of her experiences in the government training facility that didn’t allow any outsiders.
Still, the two of us probably needed someone like Nico in our group. Despite being an orphan like the rest of us and losing Headmaster Wilbeck, Nico was still Nico. Despite his sharp features and his cleverness that often led us both into trouble, he was bright and optimistic.
“I’ll see you both again soon... hopefully,” I said as I got into the black car waiting for me just outside the academy gates. I wasn’t lying—and I really did want to see them soon, but I just wasn’t confident.
After getting back to the estate, my training resumed. Lady Vera was waiting for me with her team of specialists hell-bent on making sure I was both physically and mentally sore.
All in all, it was a rather normal day. The little time I was able to spend with Nico and Cecilia was what I needed to get me through another few grueling weeks. It wasn’t until I sank into bed that I got a call from a number I didn’t recognize.
I answered the call. “Hello?”
“Yes, this is Etharia National Hospital. Am I speaking to Grey?” a pleasant female voice asked.
“Yes, this is Grey.”
“Hi, the reason for this call was because you were listed as Nico Sever’s emergency contact. He was taken into urgent care a few minutes ago and is being prepped for surgery. We’ll need you to come and—”
I hung up the phone and ran down the stairs as fast as my aching body would allow. Luckily, I just barely avoided running into one of the many butlers in the estate, and he arranged a ride to the hospital for me.
Everything was a blur until I reached the room where Nico was being held. I could barely recall filling out the proper forms and waiting for his surgery to finish. What I could out, though, was the pair of ki-disrupting handcuffs chaining his wrist to the hospital bed.
“G-Grey?” Nico’s groggy voice snapped me out of my daze.
I kneeled beside his bed, careful not to even touch the blanket on top of him in case I aggravated his broken ribs.
“Nico! Yeah, it’s Grey. I’m here,” I said, bringing my voice down to a whisper. “What happened, buddy?”
Nico’s glazed and half-closed eyes snapped open at my question. “Cecil! They took her! I just dropped her off and was on my way back when I remembered I forgot to give her the new prototype.”
“What?!” I blurted, accidentally shaking the bed.
My friend winced and took a moment to catch his breath before speaking again. “I saw them shove her into a car. She was unconscious.”
“Who took her, Nico?”
Nico, who tried to adjust himself, finally realized he was handcuffed to the bed. He bit into his lip as he cursed under his breath. Covering his eyes with his forearm, he let out a quivered breath. “It was a team of enforcers. It was our own government that took her.”





Chapter 223
Chapter 223: In Her Element
ARTHUR LEYWIN
‘Arthur. Take a look.’
Sylvie’s voice resounded in my head, pulling me away from the memories of my previous life that only seemed to get more vivid.
The sun had set, enveloping the undeveloped lands of the Beast Glades in a blanket of darkness. However, even from the tens of miles we were away from the Wall, we could clearly see the battle that was currently ensuing.
But it wasn’t the fierce battle that had the two of us perturbed—it was the location of where the battle was being fought.
They didn’t collapse the underground tunnel or even let the beast horde get close to the Wall. I gnashed my teeth in frustration.
Sylvie beat her powerful wings once more as we slowly descended towards the Wall.
Despite how thickly the moon was covered behind the clouds, it was easy to tell where the battle was going on. With magic involved, there were always spells lighting up the vicinity. It may have been a fierce and blood-filled battle from the ground, but from up in the sky, it was a beautiful—if not a little chaotic—show of colors.
I did my best to swallow and contain the rage building up inside me. After all, the plan I had set in motion was a suggestion that had been accepted by the captains.
But my decision to leave the beast horde and help Tessia was based on the fact that my suggestion would be implemented. It should’ve been implemented. Even before I left, the plan was already being implemented.
Ellie’s note was vague but it felt rushed, and urgent—desperate, almost. I took deep breaths, doing my best to submerge the rage that was beginning to evolve into a threat. The words ‘if anything happens to my family’ was on the tip of my tongue, itching to be said aloud to whoever was responsible for this deviation.
‘Arthur, we’re almost there,’ Sylvie’s voice sounded, snapping me out of my thoughts.
I gave her a mental confirmation as I activated Realmheart once more. Using it shortly after my fight with Cylrit sent sharp waves through my veins but I ignored it. The dark evening’s muted colors were washed away, replaced by motes of colors. Some of these wisps and specks were floating freely while others were being absorbed and clustered in preparation for a spell to manifest.
Homing in on the Wall, I scanned the top line where rows of archers and conjurers were stationed in search for Ellie’s distinct form of magic. This was the fastest way to find her in all of the chaos that came with large-scale battles.
I could only hope that my sister hadn’t run off somewhere.
We hovered high above the Wall enough for us not to be potentially shot at by alarmed soldiers, but it didn’t take long for me to find my sister. Not many mages were able to shoot such well-structured arrows of pure mana like she could, making the mana fluctuations around her fairly distinguishable.
There , I indicated to my bond, directing her to a battlement situated near the left edge by the conjoining mountain. I released Realmheart as we approached where Ellie was stationed.
Bolts of fire and ice drew arcs in the air as they rained down on the battlefield a few hundred feet further away from where the ground was supposed to collapse from under the beast horde. Alongside the the various spells and mana enhanced arrows were streaks of pale light shot out by my sister.

Sylvie quickly shifted into her human form as we neared our destination as I continued to take deep breaths in a losing fight against the anger building up in me.
It helped that my sister was still able enough to be consistently firing spells from her bow, but that couldn’t be the same for the rest of my family and the Twin Horns, who were hopefully somewhere behind the protection of this enormous fortress.
The two of us landed softly but still managed to alarm the soldiers around us, including my sister.
The soldiers, however, were all capable mages—mages that were able to clearly sense when they were outclassed. None bothered to raise their weapons, only barely able to slink away from the two intruders that fell from the sky.
It was only when I stepped closer to a nearby illuminating artifact that Ellie ran into my arms.
“You scared the hell out of us!” my sister said in a strange mixture of annoyance and relief. “The plan that was supposed to happen with the ground and the explosives—it didn’t happen! At first I thought that they were delaying the plan in order to draw more beasts toward the area where we set up the trap, but the soldiers that were sent out aren’t coming back.”
I pried my sister away, partly to talk to her face to face, partly to not let her hear my heart beating against my chest. “Ellie. Where are the others? Do you know who’s out there?”
Before my sister could answer, though, an officer in charge of this section came running toward me. With a salute, he hastily showed his respects. “G-Good evening, General Arthur. My apologies that we weren’t able to give you a proper welcoming. I am Officer Mandir, if there’s anything I can—”
“I’m fine, Officer Mandir.” While I didn’t mean to be rude, cutting him off along with the impatient expression made him flinch and shuffle away.
I turned my attention back to my sister. Sylvie had a consoling hand on my sister’s shoulder, calming her down enough to give us some solid answers.
“We’re required to stay in our positions but Helen, who was watching over me, was able to leave. She never came back, but before the beast horde arrived, I saw Mom in the medic camp set up on the ground level. Durden and Dad...I haven’t seen either of them,” my sister sputtered.
“It’s okay, Ellie. Don’t worry, your brother will handle the rest,” I comforted, forcing a reassuring smile.
“W-What should I do? How can I help?” Ellie replied.
I shook my head. “Stay here. You’re a soldier now and this is your post. You wanted experience in a real battle, right?”
“Okay.” My sister’s gaze hardened. After giving Sylvie a quick hug, she bolted off back to her station.
“Is it safe for her to stay here?” my bond asked, unable to pry her gaze from my sister.
“If they’ve decided to forgo my plan, it means that they’re trying to keep the Wall as intact as possible. That means it’ll be safer for the soldiers on this side of the battle.”
I leaped off the edge, ignoring the surprised shouts of soldiers and workers around us. The two of us landed deftly on the ground level behind the fortress and made our way towards the medical tents.
***
I pushed aside a tent flap for the fourth time before I was finally able to spot my mother inside one. She had her hands hovered over a patient, brows knitted in determination. She barked out orders to some of the other medics nearby to have the patient moved and properly taken care of before another gurney rolled in front of her with another injured soldier.

Her expression, her presence, her demeanor made me freeze in my tracks. The mother I knew and grew up with was gone, replaced by a strong and level-headed medic carrying the weight of the countless injured and dying brought to her.
I thought back to the words she had said the last time we met... and fought. She mentioned her duties here and the people that needed her help. Then I looked at the countless patients slowly recovering thanks to her abilities and imagined how many of those would be dead already if it wasn’t for her.

“Are you okay, Arthur?” Sylvie asked, concern laced in her voice as she stayed by my side.
I continued to stare at my mother. Her white uniform was stained with blotches of red and brown and her face was grimy with dirt, blood spatters and sweat, but she looked so... admirable.
The patient she had been treating gained consciousness, and while his face was knotted in pain, he reached up to my mother and gently placed a trembling hand on her arm. Despite the frenzy of activity going on around us, I heard his words clearly.
While shedding tears of pain and whatever mixture of emotions he was feeling, he smiled at my mother and thanked her for saving his life.
“Oof! Sir, you’re blocking the passage. Unless you’re critically injured, please—” The nurse that had bumped into me stopped mid-sentence and scanned my body in concern. “Sir. Are your injuries bad? You’re crying.”
“No. I’m fine.” I looked away, letting my bangs cover my face from her prying eyes. “My apologies. I’ll get out of the way.”
I walked back out of the tent to gather myself.
Sylvie stood by me, tears welled up in her eyes as well from the emotions that had leaked from me.
“She was right—they were both right,” I breathed, looking up at the starry night. I could still hear the angry shouts from my father as he called me hypocritical and as the two of them tried to explain that I wasn’t the only one that could contribute to this war.
“It’s good that you’ve realized,” Sylvie answered.
I turned to my bond, watching her as she looked up at the sky as well. “So you thought so too? Why didn’t you tell me?”
Sylvie looked me in the eye and shot me a smirk. “I’ve been connected to you since I was born, Arthur. I know by now how stubborn and sometimes irrational you get when it concerns the wellbeing of your loved ones. Would you have listened to my words if I had told you back then? Or would you have played the ‘I’ve lived two lives’ card and say you know best?”
I opened my mouth to speak—to argue—but no words came out.
Sylvie’s smirk disappeared, replaced by a somber smile as she squeezed my arm. “Age isn’t always wisdom, Arthur. You’re learning that slowly.”
I shook my head, letting out a scoff. “I’m such an idiot. An arrogant, hypocritical idiot.”
My bond leaned her head against me, letting me feel the warmth radiating from her horns. A wave of tender comforting emotions radiated into me as she spoke. “Yes, but you’re our idiot.”
We spent another minute or so, taking a small break from the world and what it was throwing at us, before going back into the tent.

“Arthur?” My mother’s voice was a mixture of confusion and worry.
I held up a hand, “Hi, Mom.”
Sylvie mimicked my gesture and greeted her as well.
She flashed a smile at the two of us before focusing back on the task at hand. “Arthur, hand me a pair of pliers.”
Finding the bloody pliers in a metal tray, I handed it to her. Without looking up, she snatched the tool and used it to carefully set the snapped rib bone jutting out of the patient’s side back in place. The patient—different from the one we saw earlier—let out a gut-wrenching scream.
Unfazed by the howls of pain, she continued her spell, and I could slowly see the exposed bone mend together. I realized that she had narrowed her spell to only release from the tips of her middle and index fingers.
Minutes slowly passed as both Sylvie and I watched, entranced, at my mother working.
Despite the trauma that had haunted her all these years, I couldn’t see any traces of hesitation now as she worked tirelessly on these patients.
It was only after she had finished that she shifted her attention to us. “Sorry, Arthur. There are just so many soldiers that need my attention. Hopefully once the traps go off, it’ll be easier for our Rey, Durden and the rest of the soldiers out there.”
“Wait, So Dad and Durden are both out there right now, fighting?” I asked, a bit of panic rising in my voice.
“Not so much fighting but luring them towards the Wall,” she answered, confused. “Wasn’t that the plan? Bury the beast horde by sacrificing the underground passages?”
No one had told her. It made sense—medics didn’t need the most up-to-date information to continue doing their job. If anything, having them know might hinder their focus.
“What about Helen? Didn’t she visit you?”
“Mhmm. She stopped by earlier but left a bit after saying to keep it up.”
Helen hadn’t told her either, most likely due to the same reason that nobody else had told her. It was better if she didn’t know—there was nothing she could do about it anyway.
“What’s going on, Arthur?” Her liquid brown eyes peered into me as if searching for an answer. It was the same look she always gave our family when she knew we were hiding something from her.
“Mom...” I began.
There was nothing she could do about it, but she still had the right to know.
“The troops are a lot farther away than planned and there hasn’t been any signs of our soldiers backing down.”
“What? That can’t be right.” My mother’s brows furrowed. “What about all of those explosives placed throughout the underground passages?”
I shook my head. “It seems like one of the captains decided against the plan and switched back to their original strategy.”
My mother’s knees suddenly buckled. I caught her in time before she hit the ground but whether it was from her tirelessly using her magic to treat the soldiers or because of the news, she suddenly looked ten years older.
“Don’t worry, Mom.” I smiled as bright and reassuring as I could.
No response.
“I’m here now—we’re here. Sylvie and I are going to go out there. I’m sure the two of them are still kicking ass right now. I’ll make sure they both get back safely,” I urged, trying to get her back up on her feet. “I promise.”





Chapter 224
Chapter 224: Carried Back
Sylvie and I left the protection of the Wall and looked out at the battle that had long since reached its climax. Archers and mages, whose ranges weren’t as long as the ones up on the Wall, were positioned on the ground, closer toward the bloodshed.
I looked back once more at the thick metal gates of the Wall closing behind us in both rage and regret.
‘We’ll find out who was responsible for this later,’ my bond comforted, her eyes locking into mine. ‘Right now, it’s our duty to find your family and help as many soldiers as possible.’
Giving her a nod, the two of us walked forward. I tuned out the shouts and cheers of the soldiers around us.
I wasn’t a hero, nor did I wish to be. It was impossible to be everyone’s hero. It’s inevitable that I’d let some people down—hell, I’ve already let a lot of people down.
Not every human, elf, and dwarf were equally important to me, and that’s a fact that I had accepted long ago. I was here to serve my role to help end this war. It wasn’t for world peace or to save mankind—it was to lead a comfortable and happy life with the people I loved and cared for.
Walking through the lines of bowmen and conjurers either firing at the backline of the beast horde or resting and replenishing their mana reserves, I could hear mutters around us. Soldiers nudged their colleagues nearby for their attention as hundreds of gazes turned towards us.
“You should at least acknowledge them,” my bond said, noticing the stares.
“Focus, Sylvie,” I admonished. “Let’s do what we came here to do first. We can worry about troop morale after.”
The dry cracked grounds of the Beast Glades felt like wet tar, gripping and pulling back my feet as I trudged forward with my bond by my side. I couldn’t shake off the unsettling feeling that made my chest tighten. The veil of night and the crowd of beasts and man alike hid the answer to a question that I grew more and more afraid to ask.
Brandishing Dawn’s Ballad, Sylvie and I dove into the thick of the battle underneath the shower of spells and arrows. My bright teal sword became the beacon for our soldiers within eyeshot, giving them hope and the strength needed to unleash one more strike.
Sylvie kept her distance away from my sword range while shooting precise bullets of mana perfectly timed to save an unguarded soldier.
Of course, neither of us were simply wildly attacking. As I sliced apart smaller foes and brought down gargantuan beasts without discrimination, my eyes were always on the lookout for signs of any large-bodied earth conjurer that resembled Durden or brawler with a fire-affinity that looked anything remotely like my father.
While sweeping my eyes throughout the barren glade, I saw the silhouette of a massive worm towering over the rest of the beasts around it with soldiers in its maw. Occasionally, blasts of fire tore out of its tip, eliciting faint screams from the soldiers before more were consumed by the familiar worm-like beast.

Gritting my teeth, I tore my gaze away, trying once again to spot my father and Durden through the dirt, smoke and debris filling the gaps of the chaotic battlefield.
It was then that I caught sight of another group of soldiers trying to bring down a giant monster. This one, however, was a midnight grizzly.
That particular breed of mana beast ranged from B class to AA class—when it wasn’t corrupted—depending on their maturity and the density of their metallic pelt that they obtained from consuming precious ores.
By its twelve-foot height and the glimmering sheen its spiked fur carried, my guess was that this particular midnight grizzly ranged towards the latter. What drew my attention wasn’t the beast itself, though. It was the broad back of a soldier that fought with thick armored gloves taking the brunt of the grizzly’s attack while the others made futile attempts at bringing the corrupted beast down.
Before my eyes could even deduce whether that person was my father or not, my feet were already moving towards that battle.
Within two mana-infused steps, I was already within range to strike down the grizzly, but my focus turned to the brawler.
I clicked my tongue in frustration. The soldier was in a full set of armor, including a helmet that covered his face.
Flashing beside the soldier that was taking a momentary breather while the beast was occupied by the other soldiers, I took off his helmet.
“Hey! What the hell—”
It wasn’t my father. Suppressing the urge to just crush the flimsy helmet in my hands, I shoved it back on the brawler’s head without a word.
“ Move,” I ordered. It wasn’t just directed towards the man I mistook for my father, but at the other soldiers circling and striking at the midnight grizzly as well.
Being mages made them sensitive to mana, and the mana surging out of me immediately put weight to my words—or rather, word.
I knew Dawn’s Ballad wouldn’t be able to cut through a near-S rank mana beast, especially in the condition it was in. Putting away my sword, I took a step toward the giant metallic, six-limbed bear.
That single step carried me just below one of its razor-sharp claws as the beast struck down. Grabbing ahold of one of its claws that were as thick as my forearm, I shifted my weight and imbued mana at the very last minute.
The result: a 6,000-pound beast was tossed in the air and sent slamming into the ground by a mere teen.
The ground shattered from the impact and the beast—as feral as it was—let out a deep wail in pain.
“Holy crap,” a soldier that had been fighting the beast exclaimed. His giant war hammer was dented and its shaft slightly bent from multiple collisions against the midnight grizzly’s armored pelt.

I wanted to end it quickly but the beast recovered faster than I had expected it to. The grizzly rolled back up to its feet and immediately lashed out with its four clawed arms.
‘Arthur, do you need help?’ Sylvie’s voice sounded in my head.

No. Keep looking out for Durden or my dad. This won’t take much longer.
I swayed, sidestepped, and pivoted, cleanly dodging the barrage of claws that created divots in the dirt around me.
Frustrated, the midnight grizzly attempted to hammer down its two top arms. Rather than dodging it, however, I held up a palm.
Utilizing the technique that Elder Camus had shown me, I created a vacuum just above my open palm and received the full extent of the attack. I couldn’t disperse the force of the midnight grizzly’s powerful claws completely. My feet sank into the ground and my whole body shook.
Still, it was plenty enough to throw off the beast’s center of gravity and leave him wide open. In the time it took to take another step, I had tethered the midnight grizzly’s back legs to the ground so it wouldn’t fly and cause casualties on our side, and condensed several layers of swirling wind around my right fist. The torrent in my hand was enough to make the trained soldiers nearby recoil but when my fist landed squarely in the metal beast’s abdomen, the ground shook from the impact.
A shockwave resonated from the blow, sending some of the weaker soldiers and beasts sprawling on the ground, but it was enough to kill the high-ranking beast.
‘Wasn’t that a bit excessive?’ my bond chimed, obviously feeling the impact from where she was.
The grizzly’s coat seemed to have been affected by the Alacryan’s corruption. I wouldn’t have been able to kill it without at least doing that much.
Unable to even spare the time to gather my breath, I continued my search for Durden and my father.
Despite the lack of conjurers in the frontline, it was hard finding my giant friend. Because of how much more useful earth mages were closer they were to the ground, it wasn’t just one or two earthen spells that I spotted in the distance. And knowing Durden and his unruly strength despite being a conjurer, I knew he wasn’t back near the Wall with the other casters and archers.
Damn it, I cursed. My patience grew thinner with each passing second. Every scream and cry for help made me flinch, afraid that the next one might be either Durden or my father.
Sylvie and I continued on separately as we searched for them as well as killed as many beasts as we could. Not once did I find an Alacryan mage amongst the chaos, but that was a good thing. There were no mages to cast shields to protect the beast horde from our conjurers.
In the blink of an eye, the sun had come up, highlighting the turmoil that stretched out as far as the eye could see.

‘What about using Realmheart again to try and find your father like you did with Ellie?’ Sylvie suggested, her voice weary even in my head.
Don’t you think I’ve thought of that? I snapped. Ellie’s magic is unique enough for me to spot with the ambient mana fluctuations. How am I going to differentiate my father amongst the other hundreds or so soldiers that have a fire-affinity?
‘...’
Letting out a deep breath, I apologized to my bond. The frustration and desperation building up inside me made it hard to tamp down my emotions.
‘It’s okay,’ Sylvie consoled. Her voice was gentle, but I could still feel a tinge of sadness leaking out.
Promising myself to make it up to my ever-faithful bond after this was all over, I continued my search.
Smoke, fire, debris, abandoned weapons, and the corpses of both men and beast decorated the once barren field. As limited as my vision was, I kept my eyes wide and ears open. I knew it was hopeless trying to discern my father amidst the roars of beasts, the cries of soldiers, the hum and crackle of magic and the sharp ringing of metal, but there was little more that I could do.
The number of beasts had dwindled tremendously, but not without loss. Humans, elves, and dwarves alike lay sprawled out on the ground alongside the beasts that they had either killed or were killed by as if highlighting the point that, in death, there were no sides.
Because of the change in my plan, so many soldiers had died. Behind me, unscathed, the Wall stood up high as if mocking us. The ground in front of it was intact despite the explosives we had placed underneath.
My gut told me it was Trodius that had rescinded my plan, since the other two captains were transparent in valuing their troops over the Wall.
It was only the thought of finding my father and Durden—making sure they were okay—-that kept me grounded. I had to remind myself over and over that what I had suggested was only that... a suggestion.
Hours flashed by until the sun was high up in the sky. Soldiers too wounded or too tired to continue fighting were carried off by their comrades as the next batch of soldiers marched forward to replace them.
The beast horde was slowly being pushed back as their numbers dwindled down to the hundreds. It wouldn’t be long now until this major battle would turn out a major victory in the eyes of Dicathen. Still, to the soldiers out here still fighting, each minute that trickled by was another minute that they could easily get killed. To them, this victory would be tarnished by the death of their friends that fought alongside them.
After hours and hours of fighting and searching, my body was moving autonomously. I killed beasts wherever I passed and helped soldiers in distress if they were on my way. I couldn’t save them all, but I couldn’t ignore the ones right in front of me.
It was when I was helping a soldier that had his right leg mauled that I was hit with a wave of panic and worry.
“You! Carry this man back to the Wall,” I said after encasing his bleeding stub in ice.
Sylvie! What happened? I sent, cold sweat dripping down my neck as my bond’s emotions still carried over to me.
I was already heading towards Sylvie’s location. She wasn’t far, less than a mile southwest toward the southern end of the Wall. But why wasn’t she answering?
Despite the scenery blurring past me as I flew, time seemed to slow like a thick viscous fluid. Sounds were muffled and I could hear my heartbeat thumping against my eardrums louder than anything else.
As I got closer and closer though, my vision came in flashes. If felt like I was watching the world through a thick glass jar as I barely made out Sylvie as she held me back in her embrace. I could hear her worried cries but I couldn’t make out the words she was saying.
Her teary eyes as she shook her head and stopped me from going closer registered in my eyes but I couldn’t make out her expression because my focus was on the man dragging his feet towards the team of medics running towards him.
He was missing an arm and half of his face had been burned past the point of recognition, but I still knew it was Durden. And slung over his wide back... was what was left of my father.





Chapter 225
Chapter 225: Shared Affliction
SYLVIE
I should’ve stopped him from coming the moment he reached back out to me. The panic that leaked onto him couldn’t be taken back but I should’ve kept him from seeing it.
The moment I saw Arthur approaching, his eyes begging me to be wrong before his gaze fell onto a sight that no one—man or child—should have to experience, my gut clenched and I felt tears threaten to take over. Seeing the horrified expression of my bond before he let out a breath and began chuckling in wide-eyed denial at what he was seeing, I wanted to disappear.
I wanted to be anywhere but here. I would’ve rather faced another horde of deranged mana beasts by myself than endure the sight of my lifelong bond staring hopelessly at his own father’s bloody corpse.
Arthur staggered forward. He pushed everyone aside and knelt over his father’s unmoving body, and for a moment, it seemed like all was silent.
Beasts and soldiers alike seemed to have sensed the heavy veil that descended onto the entire area, but none could feel my bond’s state of turmoil as much as I could.
It hurt.
It was excruciating... it was unbearable.
I didn’t know my heart could hurt this much. I clutched my chest and sank to the ground, unable to endure the self-destructive state of his emotions.
Tears streamed down my cheeks and blurred my vision. I couldn’t breathe as the torrent of emotions continued to surge out of my bond and into me. Rage that blazed like a forest fire, grief that flooded and drowned everything in its path, a gnawing guilt that trembled the very earth, and regret that destroyed and knocked aside years and years of hard work and development like a hurricane.
I could feel these emotions, that felt like natural disasters wreaking havoc inside my heart, tearing away at Arthur’s very sanity.
Yet, on the surface, Arthur was as silent and still as a statue.
I crawled towards him, gasping for air in between my sobs as my heart wrenched in my chest. It was only then, when I embraced his back—his broad, lonely back—that the thin wall that he had built around himself finally crumbled.
With a guttural, primeval howl that tore through me like shards of glass, my bond broke down in tears.
The very earth seemed to lament for my bond as his sobs and wails filled the air. The ambient mana all around us shook and surged at times to match his anger, while at times undulated rhythmically, sympathizing with his despair as Arthur mourned, clutching his father’s unmoving body.
I continued to cling to my bond’s back as the fiery claws continued to grip and twist my insides. I tried to do more, anything more to help, but I couldn’t. The lump in my throat blocked any words of consolation I could possibly say, so I did what no one else could do; I empathized through the connection I shared with my bond.

This prodigy, that had become a lance, a general, a white core mage, was but a boy that had lost his father right now.
The world continued to move on, even as Arthur and I remained stuck in this time of grieving and loss. The battle that had gone on for two nights had come to an end.
We had won, but not unscathed. The Wall loomed over us as if it were a king, pleased with its own health despite the sacrifices that had been made for it.
It wasn’t Arthur’s anger that made my insides boil like this...it was my own.
Time trickled on until the sun had set. It was only then, that Arthur rose to his feet.
Whether his emotions had been expended or locked away, I didn’t know, but his state of mind mirrored the frozen tomb that he conjured and encased his father’s body in.
Nearby stood Durden, dejected. He had remained silent throughout Arthur’s mourning, never showing any signs of pain or discomfort despite the blood leaking from the bandages hurriedly applied over his face and residual limb.
“Durden. Please take my father’s body to my mother and sister.” My bond’s voice was icy and hollow. He rose to his feet and walked towards the Wall like a reaper of death out on his hunt.
CAPTAIN ALBANTH KELRIS
“Following through with my original plan has led us to victory with minimal losses to the Wall and the underground passages,” Senior Captain Trodius boasted, a rare smile on his usually-stoic face. “Your obedience will not go unnoticed, Captain Albanth, Captain Jesmiya. Well done.”
Jesmiya bowed, receiving the applause of the other unit leaders present in the large meeting tent.
I glanced down at the picture in my hand—worn, ripped, and crinkled around the edges. It was a picture I had found in the chestplate of one of my soldiers before cremating him.
“Captain Albanth?”
Looking up, I saw the senior captain with his brow raised. Beside him were soldiers and nobles that had invested in the Wall, all sharing the same puzzled expression.
“My apologies,” I respond quickly, shoving the picture in my pocket before inclining my head and silently accepting the commendation with gritted teeth.
Coming here after cremating several dozens of my men, many of whom I had shared drinks, meals, and laughs with, it felt wrong to accept any form of praise.
“While a proper celebration is in order, we are at war and there is much to clean up,” Trodius said. “Continue your good work. I will have someone send a small gift to the fallen soldiers’ immediate families.”
“As expected of the head of the Flamesworth House. Your leadership is impeccable,” a portly man standing to the senior captain’s left beamed. “It was the right decision to invest in this fortress.”
Meanwhile, Jesmiya and I exchanged a quick glance, both of us obviously hung up on Senior Captain Trodius’ use of the phrase, ‘clean up’. Surely he wasn’t referring to cremating and burying our allies as ‘cleaning up’, right?

After the other soldiers had trickled off, Jesmiya and I turned to leave when the senior captain called my name.
“Captain Albanth, I’ll need a moment of your time,” he said, waiting for Jesmiya to leave.
After all but the senior captain and three nobles—based on their gaudy and spotless attire—were left, Trodius gestured toward an empty seat.

After sitting on the foldable wooden chair, one of the nobles raised an embellished metal wand and soundproofed the room using wind magic.
“Captain Albanth. You’re home is in Etistin, correct?” the senior captain asked, crossing his legs.
I nodded. “Yes sir.”
“And that means, with the entire city being fortified, your family has been evacuated,” he continued matter-of-factly.
“Yes sir. Fortunately, my position and contributions allowed my family to be able to secure a home in a fortified shelter nearby the castle.”
“I see,” Trodius muttered before turning to a lanky bespectacled nobleman to his right.
Receiving a nod from the senior captain, the nobleman spoke as he slid an unbound scroll toward me. “This is information that Senior Captain Trodius Flamesworth received during the beast horde attack.”
I read flawless writing, cold sweat forming and fingers trembling as I mumbled what I read. “Elenoir Kingdom... Alacryan ships approaching from western coast. Three hundred ships...”
“After discussing with the Council, we’ve surmised that this will be the biggest battle. And it’ll take place in the western shores just above Etistin.
“Also, because of the manpower needed to withstand the Alacryan army, the Council has decided on abandoning the elven kingdom. A majority of the elven troops will be transferred to Etistin while citizens will be evacuated before the Alacryans in Elshire fully take over,” Trodius explained without a shred of emotion.
“Th-This...” the parchment slipped out of my fingers that were slick with sweat. “Why am I the only one to be notified of this? We should tell Captain Jesmiya and spread the word. Our remaining troops need to be transferred to the west if we want to stand a chance! General Arthur was right!”
Senior Captain Trodius’ expression turned sharp. “Had my objective been the same as the boy lance, I too would have proceeded with sacrificing the Wall. However, this fortress will soon become an invaluable location.”
I furrowed my brows. “I don’t understand.”
The portly noble from earlier spoke this time, eagerly leaning forward. “As my family always says, war is a big ol’ bag of money waiting to be open—”
“Sir Niles, please refrain from such insensitive talk,” Trodius admonished.

“R-Right. My apologies.” Niles let out a cough. “Anyway, with the war drawing to an end and so much land being either destroyed or taken by the Alacryans, it’s only a matter of time when people will desperately seek a safe haven.”
“What about Xyrus City? It was to my understanding that the flying city is currently the safest location next to the Castle,” I responded.
The petite nobleman sporting a mustache that had stayed quiet the entire time finally spoke, grumbling in annoyance. “That floating rock is a timebomb waiting to explode.”
“Xyrus City is inherently in a safe location, but the city is not built as a fortress. Once access into the flying city is overridden by the Alacryans—which is entirely plausible from the portals you’ve seen in the dungeons of the Beast Glades—the people there will be sitting ducks,” Trodius clarified.
“Which is why it was so important that the Wall and underground routes remained in one piece. These two aspects will serve as the foundation of a great new city,” the portly nobleman chimed in. “That general is smart, but shortsighted. He wants to destroy this magnificent structure which could potentially become the new capital of Dicathen, or better yet, the only safe haven against the Alacryans!”
“I apologize if I come off as rude, but from what you’re saying, it seems like you’re expecting or even desiring for the Alacryans to win this war,” I seethed, barely able to control my anger.
“How dare you! That is a dangerous accusation you’re making, Captain ,” the fat man barked.
Trodius raised an arm, shutting him up. “It’s easy to shine a negative light on this picture, but what we’re merely doing is capitalizing on the inevitable circumstance. I am in no way rooting for those filthy intruders, but it would be foolish to ignore their military might. Even if we do manage to win this war, Dicathen will not come out unscathed. Elenoir has been abandoned, Darv is hiding in its own shell, and attempts to fortify smaller cities in Sapin have been left to the city officials.”
The senior captain let out a sigh before continuing. “What we seek is to build a new safe haven for citizens to come to. There will be a new society reforged by the Flamesworth House and its patrons.”
I shook my head and laughed out of sheer incredulity. Getting up, I opened my mouth, prepared to risk my position so that I could tell him off.
“Think hard before you let loose your tongue,” Trodius warned with a faint smile. “Did you not say that your father, mother, wife and kids are all in Etistin?”
My eyes widened and my mouth snapped shut.
This was wrong. What they were doing was wrong, but my mouth wouldn’t come open.
“Your reputation and presence here among the soldiers and workers here are great. Stay here, work for our cause and I will ensure you that your family will be brought over here immediately. This wall will continue to be fortified and expanded, utilizing the underground routes. Your family will be safe here and your position here will be much higher and meaningful than being a mere captain.”
“I-I don’t...wh-what about the soldiers here? I thought that you had received a letter ordering you to transfer all able soldiers to Etistin?” I managed to say. I clasped my hands behind my back, unable to keep them from shaking.
“The battle against the vicious beast horde was hardfought. We lost many—too many, in fact, to be able to send west...that is what I am planning on sending as a reply,” Trodius answered simply. “I doubt that the Council will come to check with all that’s on their plate.”
My chest tightened and my breathing came out short. “Then y-you purposely sent out these soldiers to their deaths so that you can—”
“The soldiers here fought to defend the Wall, as originally planned,” Trodius interjected. “No need to overthink.”
“You’re right. There’s no need for me to overthink,” an icy voice resounded from behind me.
But it wasn’t his words that made me shrink. It was the presence that spread out from the voice that hung like a thick shroud in the air, forcing me to my knees and sucking the very breath from my lungs.
I tried to turn around, to at least verify the source of what might very well kill me, but I couldn’t move. I was stuck watching the nobleman froth at the mouth, lose consciousness, or both. And I saw an expression on Trodius that I had never seen on him before... an expression of fear.
His attempts at appearing collected failed as sweat rolled down his face and the barrier of fire that he had conjured fizzled away.
In a voice that seemed practically squeezed out of his windpipe, Trodius spoke.
“General... Arthur.”





Chapter 226
Chapter 226: Punishable Actions
ARTHUR LEYWIN
Rage warred with grief in me for the longest time as I mourned my father’s death.
I cried and I cursed all the while refusing to believe that all of this was real.
As a prodigy, as a mage, as a lance, I just wanted to protect the few people most important to me—to let them be happy and healthy. I abandoned the thought of being a hero to the people of Dicathen. I’ve filled that role before, and I learned that the price of saving those faceless citizens are the people most important to me.
And despite my efforts, I failed to protect them. My hands were stained in the blood of my father—stains that, I feared, would never come off no matter how many other people I saved.
After my tears ran dry and my throat locked up, all that was left inside me was a raw pit of emptiness.
As my father’s corpse was carried off and Durden was guided to the medic tents, I got up and headed inside the Wall.
Applause and cheers erupted as soon as I crossed the fortress gate. Soldiers, smiths, and laborers alike stopped what they were doing. Some bowed, others clapped, but they all looked at me with gazes that made me wince.
I couldn’t take it. Not the people, not the appreciation, not the expressions of relief from having someone to lean on. I couldn’t be here.
Sylvie. Get my sister and take her to the medic tent where my mother is. She’s going to need someone to be there for her, I conveyed while I strode past the cluster of tents that made up the medic ward.
My bond tugged the sleeve of my shirt. “I’ll go get your sister, but Arthur... your mother will need you as much as she needs your sister.”
I don’t bother responding to her aloud like she did for me.
I’m the last person she’d want to see. She no longer sees me as a son and any semblance of affection she might’ve had for me even after I told her the truth... will be gone now that I failed to keep my promise in bringing my fath—Reynolds, back alive.
I brushed her off and made my way towards the main meeting tent.
***
“General... Arthur,” Trodius wheezed, his body involuntarily shrinking back in his seat.
I took another step toward the senior captain, eliciting panicked responses from the nobles beside him.
“M-My spell! How did you even...” the lanky one stuttered, pointing his wand at me after regaining his consciousness.
The portly man to Trodius’ left was a bit more courageous, despite the acrid stench emanating from his freshly-soiled pants.

“Stay back! You are in the presence of nobility! How dare a dog of the Council intrude on an important meeting,” he threatened.
The small-framed noble sporting a thick mustache still lay sprawled on the ground, unconscious after my initial ‘greeting.’
I remained wordless as I took another step. The lankey one let a squeal in response while the fat one flinched. Only Trodius remained unfazed as I slowly approached.
The sea of rage and grief that churned inside me as I wept for my father had been drained, leaving a hollow void that allowed me to think clearly for the first time in a while.
No longer were the screams of panic and worry in my head clouding my judgment, making me irrational and emotional in the vain hopes of keeping all of my loved ones safe.
Now, there was only silence to my soul—a ghostly lull. The fire of rage and the other cacophony of emotions had been extinguished, leaving only a sharp chill in my blood.
It was comforting, in a sense.
If it had been just ten minutes ago, I would’ve done to Trodius what I had done to Lucas.
Except I realized, in this numb and logical state of mind, that Trodius wasn’t as simple as Lucas. I would gain nothing by killing Trodius and he would be able to take what I dished out with that same constipated expression he always had.
I couldn’t use pain. I knew that now. I couldn’t treat Trodius the same way I could Lucas.
It was when I took another step that Trodius finally spoke. Straightening his posture and clearing his throat, he looked me in the eyes and asked, “to what do I owe the pleasure of a lance gracing me with his presence?”
His scrutinizing gaze and the ever-so-slight sneer that tugged on the edge of his lips told me what I knew. He wasn’t afraid of the pain that I could afflict or even the death that he might face.
With his resourcefulness, he was confident in being able to escape, and he would relish the chance to be ‘the one that withstood the fury of a mad lance.’
“D-Don’t come any closer!” the portly man said as he withdrew his own toy-like wand.
“Settle down,” I said, causing both the conscious nobles in the room to stiffen.
“Even as a general, respect must be shown in the face of noble blood,” Trodius admonished, shaking his head.
Another bait. He was edging me to do something so that he could retaliate.
I walked around the table, leisure shown in my face and steps. Arriving in front of the fat noble, I gestured with a finger. “Move.”
“M-Move?” he echoed, flabbergasted as the wand still trembled in his hands.
Anger must’ve triumphed over his fear, or maybe the cornered mouse finally decided to strike, but it was over before it even began.
The spell that threatened to manifest at the tip of his embroidered wand never came, fizzling away like his pride after wetting his own pants.
Before the portly noble could even react, a current of wind hammered down on top of him, slamming his face down into the puddle of his own piss.

I used his wide girth as a footstool while taking a seat on the meeting table just inches away from Trodius.
The senior captain’s mask of indifference faltered, traces of anger flaring before disappearing just as quickly.

“General Arthur,” he spoke calmly. “The noble beneath your feet is Sir Lionel Beynir of the esteemed Beynir House. You will show him and Sir Kyle—”
I leaned forward, grinding my heels more into the unconscious Sir Lionel Beynir. “You see, Trodius, I care little for people, regardless of wealth, fame, and prestige they have when they fail to meet the minimum threshold as a person.”
Trodius’ eyes narrowed. “Excuse me? I don’t exactly know how much you heard from outside but to blatantly sully a noble will not be tolerated no matter what sort of position you hold in the military.”
“You keep referring to yourself and these fools as nobles but all I see are four weasels trying to capitalize on their own country’s loss and using soldiers as tools to step on and bring yourself higher.” I looked down at the noble beneath my feet to further my point.
Trodius’ eyes flared with indignation. “Revoking the plan that you suggested is no sin, General Arthur. The loss of the soldiers are regrettable but for the sake of preserving this fortress, their deaths are not in vain.”
“That would’ve only been true if your goal for keeping the Wall wasn’t to try and build yourself your own little society where you and your minions will have free reign.”
“N-Nonsense! My goal was to create a safe haven where the citizens of Dicathen have a place to sleep without fear. For you to twist my wor—”
I grabbed ahold of Trodius’ tongue and pulled it out of his mouth. “To my understanding, twisting words is what this thing seems to do best.”
A flicker of blue flames danced on the tip of the senior captain’s tongue as I pressed firmly down. Trodius’ eyes widened in pain as he tried to imbue his own fire affinity mana in hopes to shield his body against my flames.
The smell of burning flesh filled the tent as I continued to brand his tongue with my ignited fingers.
Still he held strong, unable to let go of his pride enough to even let out a sound.
I pulled the senior captain close, my fingers still sizzling on top of his burning tongue. I let the malice drip from my voice as I hissed into his ear. “You see, Trodius, one of the soldiers that died out there because of your selfish plans was my father.”
I felt the hiccup drop down in his throat as my fingers continued to sear his tongue.
“So believe me when I say that I’m going to see the actions that you took to get to where we are right now as personal.” I released my grip on his blackened tongue. The tip had become completely burnt off, without even a trace of blood.
Trodius immediately snapped his jaw shut, clamping his hands over his mouth as if he could protect himself from me.
“Don’t think that my relationship with your sister and estranged daughter have anything to do with why I’m keeping you alive,” I muttered, grabbing the fine parchments in front of him as I got up. “Killing you here would be showing mercy. Instead, I’ll let you stew in the consequences of your actions here today by taking what you value most.”
I turned to Albanth, who had been quietly and fearfully observing the situation. “Seeing as you’ve witnessed everything here today, send a message to the Council stating that for betraying his kingdom and perjury towards the Council, he and the rest of the Flamesworth House will be stripped from their titles of nobility.”
“ Gno ! You hab no wight!” Trodius screamed, his voice raw with unrepressed emotion.

“I believe I have every right, and the Council will surely agree once they find out you were planning on lying to them in order to keep soldiers here for yourself,” I replied coldly, waving the papers in my hand.
Trodius scrambled towards me, tripping over his unconscious investor before desperately launching a ball of fire at the papers in my hand.
“Add attempted assault of a representative of the Council,” I said to Albanth, blocking the sphere of flames with a conjured pane of ice.
“Y-You ca’t do dis!” he yelled, rushing to me and clinging to my feet. “The Fwameswoth house—”
“Will be nothing but a commoner’s surname,” I finished. “The precious legacy that you prided yourself in and tried so hard to raise, going as far as abandoning your own daughter, will have been the cause of the Flamesworth family’s downfall.”
I turned my attention back to Albanth. “I believe you have a message to send? Unless you’re still considering Trodius’ proposal?”
“Of c-course not!” Albanth straightened and took the parchments out of my hand. “I’ll get this to the Council along with your message to my fastest and most trustworthy messenger.”
“Also, get Captain Jesmiya and a few of her men in here to round these gentlemen up,” I added, sending the captain off, leaving Trodius and I as the only ones left conscious in the tent.
Behind me, still on the ground, was Trodius. The man who had been the pinnacle of nobility and pride had been reduced to a trembling sack of bones as he glared daggers at me.
“Like I said, killing you here would be a mercy.” I stepped out of the tent, taking one last glance back. “I hope you live a long life where you’re reminded of me every time you utter a mispronounced word from your deformed tongue.”
***
Sylvie and I stood atop the familiar cliff of the mountain overlooking the Wall. From this high up, the remnants of the battle could barely be seen under the blanket of night and the fortress seemed to be peaceful.
I knew all too well that the Wall was in a flurry of activity; mending the broken, feeding the weak, burying the dead, but I pushed down the emotions that threatened to build back up again.
It was so much easier the way it was right now, the comforting emptiness that numbed my emotions—both good and bad.
“Ellie is with your mother right now. They’re going to cremate him,” my bond said, her voice almost lost amidst the howling winds.
At her words leaked thoughts and emotions I had desperately tried to avoid. I saw my weeping sister and my mother on her knees, bloody fingers clawing at the ground in indignation.
I felt the pain my bond had felt as my mother’s eyes narrowed eyes burned with accusation and resentment. Would she have looked at me like that as well, had I been there? That was the only thing I could ask myself.
“It’s best that I’m not there,” I replied, placing a gentle hand on Sylvie’s head.
Sylvie turned to me, her large yellow eyes wrinkled in concern. “Arthur...”
“I’m fine, really,” I said, but my voice came out deadpan. “It’s better this way.”
My bond’s expression dimmed and just from that I could tell she could feel the emotions from me, or rather, the lack of emotions.
This was what I did in the past as Grey. I knew that suppressing my emotions and locking them away wasn’t healthy but I had no choice.
I had no confidence in being able to handle what I was trying so hard not to feel. I know that doing this was burying a time bomb deep inside me, but I just needed it to last until I finished this war.
Maybe after this war was over, I’d confront all of this and be able to face my mother, but for now I couldn’t bear looking at her or my sister’s face.
‘Do not fall back to your old ways. You know best that the deeper you go into that pit, the harder it will be to climb back out.’ Rinia’s words came to mind and I began to think of the other omens she left me before shaking my head.
Looking at my worried bond, I shielded my thoughts. I didn’t want her to know—I didn’t want anyone to know—that I was beginning to sincerely deliberate Agrona’s deal.
“Let’s go see, Sylv.”





Chapter 227
Chapter 227: Above Limitations
GREY
“Hey. It’s me, Grey. Just thought I’d try this phone again. Anyway, the King’s Crown Competition is starting in our city and Lady Vera already got me a spot to compete. I’ve been just training ‘til now so going out in the official competition really makes it feel... real. “Did you know that Jimmy Low—you know, that cocky overweight guy in our class with the lisp—is also a contestant too? When Lady Vera told me that, I thought of the time when you sold him that fake contraption that was supposed to help him lose weight while he sleeps. I bet he’s still mad that you conned him like that.
“Anyway, I just wanted to let you know that I told Lady Vera to save a spot for you in her family’s private viewing room. It’d be great if you could come by and watch me kick everyone’s asses... I miss you, Nico. I don’t know what’s happening to you but just know that you’re not alone in this. I’m here for you. “You know where to reach me. Hope to hear from you soon, man.” I ended the call after hearing the monotonous confirmation that my message had been sent and let out a sigh.
“Damn it, Nico. What the hell are you up to?” Rubbing my temples, I leaned my head back against the reading chair and waited for the pain to subside.
The last time I had seen my friend was the night we had fought. It had been a few weeks after Cecilia was taken and my training was becoming harder as the competition dates drew near.
I would train from dawn until sundown and then sneak out of Lady Vera’s manor in order to help Nico put up fliers and ask around local police departments for any information. Half the time it was us getting scolded or kicked out of their offices.
Tired and fed up with the lack of progress, I suggested we call it a night. That’s when Nico blew up on me. He accused me of being callous and uncaring because I was prioritizing my training with Lady Vera over finding Cecilia.
I couldn’t hold it in anymore at that time either. I had tried to reason with him before, saying that if the enforcers were really the ones who took her, the two of us were way out of our league. Still, my stubborn friend couldn’t sit still knowing that his girlfriend was somewhere out there.
I didn’t blame him but that didn’t mean I agreed with him. Needlessly insisting that two kids barely out of highschool—military or not—could make a difference in an investigation that no one was investigating, was optimistic at best.
With the promise of making sure Lady Vera’s best investigators would help, I called it an early night.
That was the last time I heard from Nico.
I did the right thing, I assured myself, sinking back further into the chair. Right now, winning the competition is the most important. The city tournament shouldn’t pose much trouble and I’m fairly confident even for the county tournament.
Even if I won’t become a king right away after I win the entire King’s Crown Competition, I’d still have influence from the Council. My two biggest goals were to get to the bottom of Headmaster Wilbeck’s murder and then finding and protecting Cecilia so she and Nico could go live a happy little life together. Despite Nico’s urgency, I knew Cecilia wouldn’t be harmed, assuming that the enforcers had taken her—she was too valuable of an asset to kill.
That’s why I have to win. Just a few months... then I can make everything right once I become a king.
***
“Cadet Grey...” a soft mellow voice sounded nearby. My eyes flickered open, my vision still a blur. It was only when I felt someone touch my shoulder that I snapped awake. The results of my instincts and training kicked in, and by the time I was truly conscious of what I had done, a maid was sitting in the seat that I had fallen asleep in and my right hand was pressed slightly against her throat.
“M-My bad!” I quickly let the maid go, helping her back on her feet.
“No... my apologies, Cadet Grey. Lady Vera had informed me not to make contact with you when you were sleeping. I must’ve forgotten,” she quickly amended, dipping her head lower.
She then gestured to the training uniform that she had laid out neatly on my unused bed. “Lady Vera has instructed me to inform you that today’s lessons are cancelled in light of the upcoming tournament. Instead, you will be sparring with the other king candidates sponsored by Lady Vera’s family.”
“Will Lady Vera be there?” I asked, already changing into my training clothes.

The maid shook her head. “Unfortunately, she will be busy with meetings. She has assured me, however, that she will still make it to your rounds for the city competition tomorrow.”
I was disappointed but I didn’t let it show as I nodded in reply. After the maid excused herself, I found my hand fiddling with the small trinket that Lady Vera had given me after she saved me from those interrogators that tortured me. It was the insignia of Lady Vera’s house. The Warbridge name that Vera carried distinguished themselves with the emblem of two crossed swords supporting a golden arch.
Whether it was the reassurance it gave me, proving I had a house that I belonged to, or the fact that it was given to me after one of the most difficult times in my life, I couldn’t go anywhere without it. I stuck it back into my pocket before heading down.
As I walked through the unique-looking buildings and structures placed in between the flawlessly groomed garden and lawn of the Warbridge estate, I was reminded of how different this place was from the usual places I’d been to.
It might’ve had to do with the fact that being in a named house’s estate for the first time, or the fact that the Warbridge House members were actually citizens of a different country.
I had learned fairly early on was that, while they were not from my homeland of Etharia, their home country—Trayden—had had an alliance with Etharia for over ten years now. This made them eligible to be sponsors for Etharia’s kings, and vice versa.
I wasn’t too interested in the politics involved in all of this, but since the king still did have a weight in meetings of the Council, I was required to take extensive lessons about the different countries and their diplomatic alliances toward one another.
By the time I arrived in the Warbridge dueling arena, there was a flurry of activity and noises coming from within.
Aside from the five government-approved dueling platforms with proper safety features added were a variety of training equipment. Some of the older—but still efficient—contraptions used lead weights while other more up-to-date tools utilized the user’s own ki to power and train.
Normally, there would be quite a few cadets on various training machines but today was different. Family members of the cadets being sponsored here were cheering on their children or siblings that were duking it out in the arena while the cadets that weren’t able to make the cut to participate in the city competition had been expelled with their contracts cut off.
I was just in time to see a facilitator I hadn’t met before mark the start of a mock duel. Keeping to the back, I watched with curiosity as to how the other candidates under Lady Vera were doing.
Having the privilege of being taught by her personally, I had never actually seen the others, much less knew their skills.
The one to initially catch my interest was the one without a weapon. His expression and the way he held himself told me he had some level of confidence against the sword and shield cadet.
As soon as the mock duel began, the one without a weapon held out his empty hand and shouted, “Form!”
What fizzled into his hand was a glowing yellow spear.
Immediately, the crowd formed around the spar roared with surprise and pride.
“It’s an actual ki weapon!” an older gentleman exclaimed.
“And he formed it so fast,” another man beside him added.
If it had been a year ago, I would’ve reacted just like the ones in the crowd, perhaps even more because of my disability. It didn’t just take a lot of time and effort to form a ki weapon, but a sufficient amount of ki as well.
However, I knew from my many lessons with Lady Vera regarding the types of opponents I would face—and even seeing her manifest her own ki weapon—that this cadet’s spear was no better than an embellished plastic stick at this point.
I had been taught that true masters of ki weapons spent years physically crafting the type of weapon that they wanted to materialize in order to be able truly visualize how their own weapon would manifest. From there, they would start by slowly enveloping their own ki around the type of weapon they wished to form. It was only after they had truly mastered this step that they transitioned into forming a weapon with just their ki.
This cadet, who couldn’t be more than a year older than me, had obviously skipped out on a lot of steps. It was obvious from how his weapon materialized and how simple the design was. The generic ki spear had almost bubbled into existence unlike the videos of true ki weapon masters I’d seen.
Still, I couldn’t help but feel a pinch of envy at the fact that he could do something that I would never be able to do. Unlike regular weapons, that had to be inspected and constantly kept within regulations by the World Committee to prohibit cheating by using technology, ki weapons did not have restrictions in competitions. This included even Paragon Duels that happened amongst kings over political disputes.

It was an advantage that many kings utilized... one that I could never even dream of doing.

Putting aside my self-pity, I peered with a watchful eye. While most of these cadets were chosen through various talent agencies, they were still here because they met the Warbridge family’s standards.
“Begin!” the facilitator barked, taking a step back.
The look on the sword and shield cadet’s face told me the initial shock from the ki weapon had faded. Steeling himself, he charged forward with a ki-infused step. He feigned a shield bash and pivoted to the spear user’s left side. Keeping his shield up in defense against the spear, he swiped down towards his opponent’s open thigh with his shortsword.
Caught off guard, the ki weapon user stumbled back but managed to at least dodge the attack to his leg. By how the spear user quickly regained his balance and wits and kept the shield cadet out of range showed that he had some sense of fighting.
Through superior range and the advantage of weapons, the spear cadet won. It wasn’t a one-sided battle though, and I could tell by how pale the winner’s face was by the end that if his opponent had managed to break his ki weapon, he wouldn’t have been able to materialize another.
Still, that didn’t keep the winner from forming a nasty sneer on his sweaty face and kicking the shield away from his opponent.
Rolling my eyes, I made my way towards the arena to let the facilitator know I wasn’t skipping out.
“Oh look, it’s Lady Vera’s favorite pet,” one of the spectating cadets that had yet to spar spoke up.
Everyone turned towards me, giving me different expressions... none of them particularly pleasant.
Ignoring them, I walked up and waved at the stout and muscular facilitator. “I was told to do a few rounds before my ki meditation this afternoon.”
“Mmm, I was told you would be coming but I don’t have a cadet assigned to be your sparring partner yet,” he grunted, lowering the barrier generated around the arena before looking around.
I stepped into the elevated platform without a word, immediately stretching and getting the kinks out of my body that came from falling asleep on the chair.
“I don’t think I’d be able to pair you up accurately with someone since I’m not familiar with the level you’re at. Anyone in particular you want to spar with, Cadet Grey?” the facilitator asked.
“Anyone’s fine,” I said, not bothering to stop stretching.
“Let me go, Mr. Kali. I’ve been curious how good Lady Vera’s crippled pet is,” a familiar voice jeered.
I looked up to see that it was the cadet that just sparred using his ki spear.
“Mason. Keep your tongue in check while you’re in my dueling arena,” the facilitator admonished before turning to me. “Are you okay with him?”
I stood up, looking at the boy named Mason while stretching my arm. “I’d prefer a cadet that’s in better condition.”
Mason slapped his palms on the hard arena floor. “I can beat you silly with both feet anchored to the floor! Mr. Kali, let me teach this cocky brat a lesson!”
There was a beat of hesitation before the facilitator jerked his thumb back, signaling Mason to come up onto the arena. “Put on your protective gears. Cadet Grey, pick out a weapon.”

After putting on the chest and head piece infused with ki, I picked out a single-edged short sword from the rack. After checking its balance like Lady Vera had taught me and swinging it a couple of times, I walked backed to the center of the arena.
“Did you forget your shield or other sword, Cadet Grey?” Mr. Kali asked, looking at my single blade.
“No. This is fine,” I replied.
Mason looked to be waiting for me to appear fully in view before he materialized his ki weapon. Raising his hand dramatically while locking gazes with me, the spear glowed into existence, albeit a little slower than the first time.
After getting a nod of confirmation from the two of us, he swung his hand down. “Begin!”
While I didn’t want to drag this battle out, I knew that I couldn’t just rush in like the previous cadet had. Thinking critically was something I had long since gotten used to because of my lack of ki. I wouldn’t be able to create that burst of speed like the sword and shield cadet had done, so I stood my ground.
In fact, I didn’t even take a stance, going as far as leaving my neck wide open.
“Is this a joke?” Mason scoffed, pointing the tip of his glowing spear at me.
“The duel has already begun,” I replied simply, cracking a smile.
“Don’t blame me if you wind up physically crippled as well, no-name,” he snapped before bursting forward in an explosion of ki.
I had to admit that his charge was impressive, especially considering how much ki he had spent the last round as well.
Still, to my eyes, his movements seemed almost telephoned. Over a year of training under Lady Vera and her team of coaches had honed my untamed instincts into an almost unfair technique.
At the last moment, I dodged his thrust and struck up at his right hand fingers gripping the spear in the front.
I could sense the thin protective aura of ki shudder, absorbing the impact. Mason still winced in pain though, and more importantly, he was still in my range.
I sidestepped and brought my sword back down on the same hand, but from a different angle.
Sensing my intent, Mason shifted his movements to block but even the slight twitch in his shoulder told me where his next move was going to be.
By the time he positioned himself to block my strike, my strike had already shifted course and landed on his gloved fingers.
This strike didn’t end with just a wince.
“Gahh!” he belched from the pain. I had to give him credit for not letting go of his weapon, despite the crack that resounded from the blow.
It took all of two more moves to finish the spar, and another half hour to finish the rounds against the remaining cadets.
By the end of my warm up, the looks of pity that some of them had given me for being a cripple were wiped clean.
***
“Ahh!” I breathed out after taking a long chug from the soda bottle I had kept hidden from Lady Vera. It was lukewarm but the sugary carbonation helped me in ways no amount of training and healthy foods could.
After drying myself from the shower and changing into more comfortable clothes for my meditation, I walked down the halls when I heard a familiar voice in the floor below by one of the studies.
I ran down the stairs, excited to greet Lady Vera. It had been more and more difficult to even see her face, but I stopped in my tracks when I saw an unfamiliar man with her by the door. He was facing away so all I could tell about his appearance was that he had short trim hair and dressed fashionably in a military-styled suit.
“Yes. Yes, I understand. I’ll let him know that he’s qualified,” Lady Vera said to the man softly. “He might get curious but he’s not too greedy about actually competing so I don’t think he’ll press me too much,” she continued.
His voice was low and hard to understand but I could hear bits and pieces of Lady Vera speaking before she escorted the man inside the sound-proofed study.
“Of course. Yes, she won’t be mentioned. I understand. Thank you. You’re right. He’ll have to fight at least once in order to appease the mass. We’ll prepare Grey for the district...”





Chapter 228
Chapter 228: Anchor
ARTHUR LEYWIN
I let out a groan, barely able to hear my own voice over the wind blasting around us. Propping myself back up on Sylvie’s spiked back, I scanned my surroundings.
I could see the flying castle nearing in the distance, filling me with a mixture of emotions. The strongest of them had to do with seeing Tessia. It was actually probably the only reason why I didn’t go straight to Etistin where the real battle would be happening soon.
The castle guards, noticing Sylvie, split apart to form a path while the landing dock opened soundlessly.
I had to hand it to the artificers of the olden days—the wise and powerful mages that were responsible for not only lifting an entire castle up in the sky but an entire city as well and connecting each major city with a teleportation portal. The constructs left an awe-inspiring feeling every time I saw them.
It begged the question of what really happened to them. But at the same time, finding out the answer to that wasn’t exactly top in my priorities list.
Let’s get this over with quickly. I need some scythes or retainers or any Alacryan soldier to kill, I conveyed, hopping off my bond.
Surprisingly, the landing dock, which was usually filled with activity and noise, was completely empty aside from the lone figure by the door. It was Virion.
It took me a moment to realize who it was because of how different he looked.
The powerful confidence that the old elf usually radiated alongside his lighthearted smirk was gone, replaced by a grim expression complimented by the layers of bags weighing down his eyes.
His silver hair was unbound and the robes he wore looked a tad too big on him. Still, seeing me and Sylvie, his face softened into what I assumed was a smile of relief.
Walking up to me in a graceful gait that couldn’t be diminished with just age, he immediately wrapped his arms around me.
I was stunned. My body flinched from the unexpected physical contact, and for a while my mind went blank.
“Welcome back. You did everything you could, Arthur... you did great,” he said softly, in a voice that seemed unfamiliar yet so familiar at the same time.
The frigid shell of apathy that I had kept myself encased in—away from the anger, grief, loss and other emotions that were trying to claw their way inside—had melted.
It could’ve been the warmth of his embrace, or the warmth of his words, but I found myself crying once more. Tears streamed down my cheeks, unabated and warm.
My shoulders trembled as I tried all I could to keep myself from breaking down once again, but Virion’s words continued to echo in my mind.
I did all I could. I did great.
Sylvie remained silent but I felt her soft touch conveying just as much emotion as Virion’s embrace.

Commander, lance, and asura... the three of us stood there alone in the large empty room, forgetting just for a moment who we were.
***
I held my fist just in front of the door, reluctant to knock.
I don’t think I can do this by myself right now. Are you sure you don’t want to see Tess with me? I asked my bond who was in another part of the castle.
‘She needs you right now. Just you,’ she replied coolly before intentionally blocking off our mental connection, leaving me stranded.
Virion had said the same thing after hours of trying to comfort his granddaughter. She had locked herself in her room, refusing to see everyone that wanted to help.
If her own parents and grandfather couldn’t get to her, how could I?
That was my excuse, anyway. I couldn’t call myself the most empathetic individual and my emotional mindset wasn’t any better than hers right now, it was just that having almost two lifetimes of experience kept me at least functioning.
But still, she needed my help, just like I had needed Sylvie and Virion’s.
I pushed down the darkness, all of the bad thoughts, and put them away for now. I’d deal with my own losses in my own time. For now, Tess needed me.
Holding my breath, I knocked on the door.
No answer.
I knocked again. “Tess, it’s Arthur.”
She didn’t answer but I could hear her light steps approaching the door. After a moment, the wooden entrance to Tess’ room slid open and I locked eyes with the girl on the other side.
I had seen so much in those vivid turquoise eyes of hers... laughter, joy, anger, determination. But this was the first time to see such utter despair. It hurt me to see her like this, so much so that I wanted to turn away.
Instead I thought of when she had been there for me, comforting me when I was vulnerable. Clearing my throat, I stepped into her room and pulled her towards the shower.
“You don’t need help washing up, right?” I teased, hoping for some sort of response.
Without a word, she began stripping, throwing me off guard. Through sheer determination, I managed to turn away before I could see anything and I waited anxiously outside on the couch.
After what seemed like an hour, Tessia stepped out of the bathroom with a towel barely slung over her chest and her dark gray hair dripping pools of water behind her.
Getting up, I grabbed another towel and sat her down in front of the small vanity in the corner of her room. My chest ached at the fact that Tessia couldn’t even bring herself to look at her own reflection.
Virion had told me what had happened after reading the report from General Aya. I knew the choices she had made and the consequences that had resulted from them. She blamed herself much like I did but even I knew that consoling her wasn’t as simple as saying, ‘hey, I know how you feel.’

So, I didn’t say anything. I gently patted down her long hair with the spare towel I brought. After that, I created a warm soft breeze from all directions to completely dry her hair.
After her hair was sufficiently dried, I grabbed the brush from the wooden vanity. While combing her hair, all I could think about was how small her shoulders looked. They were shoulders that had so much burden and expectations placed on them. It was easy to forget that before this war, she had just been a student. Despite the similar physical age we shared, she didn’t have a past life to rely on for experience and mental fortitude.

“You’re really bad at this.” Tess’ voice was soft and hoarse, but it still made my heart skip a beat.
“I-It’s not like I have experience doing this sort of thing,” I rebutted, embarrassed.
I was about to put back the brush, but a glance back from Tess stopped me. “I didn’t tell you to stop.”
“Yes, Princess,” I replied. Normally, she’d be pouting from a response like that. Tess had always hated it since the first time we met whenever I referred to her as ‘princess,’ but not even the slightest hint of emotion could be seen on her face.
Still, it was just good to hear her voice.
For a while, I just absentmindedly talked while slowly brushing her hair. I told her stories of my childhood—silly stories of our misadventures back together in Elenoir when we were kids. While we had spent a lot of time training, and me assimilating with Sylvia’s beast will, that didn’t mean we didn’t relax and have fun.
The memories of simpler times made Tessia titter on occasion and correct my story.
“I was the one that had told you we shouldn’t go down that ravine, not you, wise guy,” she chortled.
“Really? I’m sure I was the smart and cautious one when we were little.”
She rolled her eyes. “Smart, I’ll admit, but I wouldn’t exactly say you were a cautious one. Ugh, I still remember finding the moss leeches on my body even hours after we made it back home.”
I stifled a laugh, remembering clearly how grossed out she had been at the harmless wriggling leeches that stuck to our skin. She didn’t even have the courage to slap them off, resorting in a spastic flail of limbs that made her look like she had been shocked by lightning.
“Why are you laughing?” she asked, narrowing her eyes.
I didn’t answer, instead doing my best impression of her get-these-leeches-off-me dance.
“I was eight!” she protested, hitting me in the arm.
“Finally, you show some spirit.” I smiled, rubbing my arm.
She glared at me, but when I raised my arms up in submission, she turned fully towards me and wrapped her arms around my waist.
Tess remained still, her face buried in my chest. Even as the towel around her fell, leaving her completely bare, she didn’t react.
Suddenly, I was all too conscious. I was conscious of her soft pale flesh, the intoxicating smell that emanated from her.

When she looked up, her captivating eyes met mine and despite the shade of pink rising up in her cheeks and ears, I could see the longing and need for affection.
She closed her eyes then and pursed her quivering lips and it took all I had to stay sane. I reminded myself of the days after I had become a king. The days of loneliness where I questioned my self-worth. The days where I indulged in physical intimacy to get a semblance of what being loved felt like—not as a political figure, but as a person.
I lowered my head, and for a second, I was tempted to meet her lips with mine. We had done so before, afterall.
But I knew that given the circumstances, it wasn’t the same.
I placed a gentle kiss on her forehead, feeling her flinch under my touch.
She pulled away. “Why? Am I not attractive enough? Is it because you still see me as a kid? I’m already eighteen. Or...is it that you blame me for what happened too?”
“Do you blame yourself?” I asked back.
Tess lowered her gaze and nodded. “I-I was selfish and I thought that—”
“Then you’re growing,” I cut her off, tucking a lock of hair behind her ear. “We all make mistakes, but the hardest part is admitting them and moving forward so they don’t happen again.”
Her shoulders trembled as she sniffled. “So it’s not because I’m unattractive?”
It took a second to realize what she was talking about. Immediately my face burned as I took in her exposed figure. “No, it’s not because you’re unattractive. I just want to do it properly, when neither of us are doing this as a way to escape.”
Prying my unwilling eyes away from the sight in front of me, I turned away. “You should get dressed. There’s one more thing I wanted to do for you.”
***
The kitchen was empty when we arrived, but thankfully there were plenty of ingredients stored in the chilled containers to make a quick midnight snack for ourselves.
“You wanted to... eat with me?” Tess asked, looking around the kitchen.
Taking a wrapped slab of meat from the storage, I held it up. “I wanted to cook for you.”
“Cook? Why?”
I shrugged, gathering the rest of the ingredients and laying them out to prepare. “You’ve grown up with meals made for you by the chefs in the castle.”
Rather than use magic, I pulled out a kitchen knife and I began dicing and mincing the ingredients. “Back in Ashber, when I was a kid, my mom used to cook all of our meals. She poured her time and energy just to see a smile on my and... my dad’s faces while we ate.”
My hand trembled but I continued cutting. “Sitting at the dinner table...laughing and joking over good food. It was one of those things that I never truly appreciated—not until it was... too late.”
I hurriedly wiped away a tear. “Ah, s-some of the spices must’ve gotten into my eyes. Sorry about that. Almost forgot about the water.” I turned away from Tess and lowered the fire beneath the boiling pot of broth.
Through gritted teeth, I held back the sobs forming in my chest, but the tears wouldn’t stop. My hands shook and my breath came out in choked bursts.
Flashes of memory from my time as a child growing up in Ashber pierced at my head like hot iron stakes, but I held firm. I needed to comfort Tess.
“It’s okay. I’m okay, Art.” Her voice was gentle, and her soft caress was enough to drive me to my knees.
I fell to the cold hard floor, clutching my chest as heaving sobs tore out from my throat. I didn’t remember much throughout the rest of the night. Maybe I didn’t want to remember being bogged down by the unfamiliar and raw emotions clawing away at me.
What I did remember, was the warm touch of Tess’ hands keeping me anchored and sane.





Chapter 229
Chapter 229: Field of White
Alduin slammed the door as he stormed off. The room still shuddered slightly from the impact.
“That didn’t go too bad. I didn’t think he’d give in so easily,” Virion breathed, sinking back in his seat. These past months had done worse for the weathered old elf than all the years I’d known him combined.
“Neither did I,” I mused, my eyes still on the door that Alduin had exited through.
The Council meeting had finished more than an hour ago, but Alduin stayed to protest the decision Virion had made. Even General Aya, who never voiced her opinions regarding orders, pleaded with Commander Virion to reconsider earlier.
I didn’t blame them. Virion had ultimately decided to evacuate forces from Elenoir and focus troops on the western border to defend against the Alacryan ships coming from the ocean. For the elves, this meant that they were basically being abandoned.
By the end of their discussion just now, Alduin was still angry, but he relented.
“Seeing that he wants to lead the strategy for evacuating our people, it feels like he’s finally understanding that we’re fighting to protect Dicathen as a whole, not just Elenoir.” He let out a sigh, rubbing his temples. “This will at least give me more time to focus on the fallback scenarios.”
I nodded. Forming strategies for battles was only half the task during times of war. Thinking of various contingencies and getting all of your troops to know what to do when things didn’t work out as planned was just as, if not more, important.
The two of us stood wordlessly in the room for a moment before Virion cleared his throat. I knew the question that was coming. It was the question that Virion had struggled to ask me when I had arrived back at the Castle.
“So, Arthur. Have you thought about my request?” Virion said, cold determination in his eyes.
I met his strong gaze. “I have, and I’m afraid that I’m going to have to respectfully refuse.”
“And what if I change my request to an order?” he challenged.
“Then I’d have no choice but to do it.”
After a beat of silence, Virion let out a deep sigh, shaking his head. “If your father hadn’t died, would you have said yes?”
My jaw tightened and I struggled to keep calm but I managed a response. “Most likely.”
He waved his hand in dismissal before continuing. “Fine. I won’t push anymore on this topic.”
“Thank you,” I said consolingly. “Besides, I’ve heard that General Bairon is fairly knowledgeable in war, anyway.”
“The Wykes’ family tradition is always to teach their younger generation the art of war and battle,” Virion replied. “But his knowledge stems from books of theory and old teachings.”
“Compared to my knowledge... as a teenager?” I rebutted with an amused smile.

Virion chortled. “If I thought you were a normal teenager, I would treat you the same as my granddaughter and put you both, along with the rest of your family, in protective custody.”
“Maybe I’ll take you up on that offer,” I teased.
“There is no offer, brat. Speaking as the commander, I can’t afford to lose you, so toughen up,” he growled. “If you’re not going to lead, then at least get your hands bloody.”
“Aye aye, commander,” I saluted. “Just have that early retirement package waiting for me.”
“Will do,” he chuckled.
The two of us talked a bit more, mostly Virion telling me what to expect once Sylvie and I arrive at Etistin, but also bringing up stories from our past.
After all, this might be the last time we would see each other.
“My mother and sister should be arriving at the castle in the next day or so. Please take care of them in case I don’t make it back,” I said, holding out my hand.
There was a part of me that wanted to personally say goodbye to my mother and sister, to see their faces one last time in case I really didn’t make it out of this battle alive, but a bigger part of me was scared.
I was more comforted by the fact that, even if I died, my remaining family might mourn for me, rather than look at me with faces filled with hatred, disdain or apathy.
If that made me a coward, then I would embrace that title. At this point, I was fighting this war more to escape than I was to save our people from the Alacryans.
Virion clasped my hand and pulled me into a hug. “You know I’ll treat Alice and Eleanor as if they were my own blood. They’ll be given the same priority for retreat as Tessia and the Council.”
“Thank you.” I let go of his hand and walked towards the door. I turned back one last time to see Virion with a clenched jaw and stiffened neck as he did all he could to keep composed. “You’re one of the few people in this world that made this life worth living and this continent worth fighting for.”
“Are you sure you don’t need any armor?” I asked my bond, concerned to see her just wearing a long black cloak over a pair of pants and a long-sleeved tunic all fashioned out of her own scales. Her long wheat-colored hair was pulled back and tied into a braid, accentuating her large horns.
“My scales are strong enough. Besides, conventional armor would be useless when I shift between forms,” she answered as we continued our way towards the teleportation room.
The doors were already open with only one guard stationed in front. Because many of the soldiers in the Castle were sent off to Etistin, the lack of personnel was definitely noticeable.
I could see a few a familiar faces, waiting to send us off amidst the workers bustling about, making sure the teleportation gate was functional and set to the right location. Aside from Tess and Elder Buhnd, Kathyln and Elder Hester were here as well.
“Looking quite dashing there, young hero,” Elder Hester smiled. “Clothes really do make the man.”
“It’s good to see you again, Elder Hester,” I greeted, holding out a hand. “I hope you don’t take what I did personally.”
Hester Flamesworth accepted my gesture with a wry smile. “I heard about your father and what Trodius was planning. The Flamesworth prestige isn’t nearly as important for me and I hope this will serve to humble my... brother. At this point, all I can say is thank you for allowing him to live.”
I nodded, letting go of her hand before turning to Elder Buhnd. I gave the old dwarf a pat on the shoulder. “I could tell from the meeting we had earlier that you’re just itching to go out into the field. What do you say, wanna just book it out of here with me?”

“Bah, and get my arse dragged back by Virion? I’ll pass. Besides, it seems like he needs a hand with everything going on these days,” he replied, looking up at me. “Be careful over there. I know it may not feel like it right now, but there are people that care about you and are waiting for you to come back.”
Again, I just nodded. The promise I had made to my mother—that I would make sure my father was okay, turned out to be empty. I didn’t want to say or promise anything I couldn’t keep.

My gaze eventually fell on Kathyln, who had been silent.
“Thank you for seeing me off,” I told her, holding out my hand.
Kathyln hesitated before grabbing my hand. She looked up, concern knitted in her brows. “I wish I could fight alongside you and my brother.”
“Your mission is just as important, if not more, for the future of Dicathen. Don’t worry,” I comforted with a smile. I could feel her anxiousness and frustration at being unable to fight in the main battle.
Councilman Blaine and Councilwoman Merial had ‘ordered’ her to be sent to the Wall to help the remaining soldiers there scout the area and make sure there weren’t any stray beasts heading towards the fortress. After Trodius had been taken away and many of the soldiers were sent to Blackbend City in order to be transported to Etistin, the Wall was severely lacking in capable fighters.
Kathyln’s parents probably thought being at the Wall was much safer and at least gave their restless daughter something to do.
Finally, I turned to Tess, who was already hugging and saying goodbyes with Sylvie. The two had always been close and the scene in front of me felt more like sisters saying goodbye.
When it was my turn, I gave Tess a long hug as well. “I heard you’re going to be with my sister and mother. I’ll leave them to you.”
“Don’t worry, I won’t let anything happen to them,” she muttered, before pulling out the leaf pendant she had under her shirt. “Just remember to keep your promise.”
“I’ll do my best,” I answered, pulling out my own pendant. We stared at each other silently for a moment before I pulled my gaze away. I couldn’t keep the image of my father’s corpse out of my head while looking at Tess.
I was the one going into battle, but somehow I was still afraid for Tess. I knew it was childish and irresponsible to think this, but the thought of her being carried over to me in the same state as my father and being unable to do anything despite all of the power I had made me want to run away—not just with her but with Ellie and my mother.
A firm squeeze on my arms pulled me out of my thoughts. In front of me was Tess with the same smile she had last night, long after I had broken down in the kitchen. It was a smile that carried both loss and hope and it was just enough to give me the strength to step through the teleportation gate.
“I’ll see you soon. All of you,” I declared before stepping through with Sylvie by my side.
After the unsettling sensation of teleportation wore off, the two of us stepped down the raised podium that held the gate. Heavily armored soldiers stood on either side of us, heads inclined in a bow.
“General Arthur, and Lady Sylvie. General Bairon is waiting for you in the castle,” the soldier to my left announced.
“Will you be guiding us?” I asked.
“Actually, that’ll be me,” a familiar deep voice resounded from below.
It was Curtis Glayder. Despite all of the events that had transpired, the years had treated him well. His clean shaven face and sharp military crew cut made Curtis the dashing white knight he always aspired to be, with polished armor and swords strapped on both sides of his hips.

Behind him was Grawder, his world lion bond.
“Curtis,” I greeted.
“I thought you’d prefer a familiar face since you’ve never really been around these parts,” he said with a picturesque smile. “And even if you have been here, so much has changed that I doubt you’d even recognize it.”
“I’ve never actually been here, but you’re right in that this place doesn’t really seem like a city,” I noted, taking in the strange sights.
Aside from the shops that had been converted into workstations for professional blacksmiths and atillators, the city plaza before us was also filled with tents. Inside were women, the elderly and even children helping out by either washing and folding cloth, tying arrowheads to wooden shafts, or packaging rations. No one was idle, with everyone either making something or transporting it.
Soldiers practiced marching in their platoons with their respective officers barking commands. Off to the side were two archery ranges that spanned over thirty yards each. There, archers stood positioned almost shoulder to shoulder, launching volleys of arrows at the wall fashioned out of haystacks.
“A lot to take in, right?” Curtis asked as he guided us towards the large brick tower that stood in the distance. “The entire city has been sort of rearranged to be the stronghold and production center for the battle that’s going to happen on the coast.
We followed behind the prince, not staying in one place for too long since we’d just draw attention.
I appreciated the brief tour though, and Curtis’ lively commentary helped both Sylvie and I relax. Aside from the soldiers doing physical training and combat drills, the mood was light and overall happy.
“I was expecting a very serious and intense atmosphere,” my bond chimed, her head always turning and taking in the new sights.
“Well, we’re still a few miles away from the coast where the actual battle will be happening,” Curtis answered, pointing to the thick walls that seemed newly made. “We’re mainly fortifying the western edge of the city with the help of carpenters and earth mages and digging up some tunnels for the civilians that are left here to escape.”
As we got closer to the edge of the city, the more soldiers we would see. Carriages would be pulled towards the gated entrance facing the coast, carrying weapons and other supplies.
“Come on, up this way.” Curtis pointed at the imposing castle that had been stripped down and refortified into its own fortress. Some parts were still being constructed as slabs of earth were being floated up by mages. The castle was situated on a small hill that overlooked the rest of the city, with only one tower that peaked above the large walls that easily towered over fifty feet.
“You said General Bairon was waiting for me, right? Any idea where General Varay might be?” I asked, looking up at the tower.
“She’s still helping out with the construction off the coast,” Curtis explained briefly, greeting the soldiers guarding the tower entrance.
Sylvie and I looked at each other, confused. “Construction?”
Curtis shot me a grin. “You’ll see when you get up there. Come on.”
Thankfully, there was a mana-powered crate and pulley system that was able to hoist us up to the top in just a few minutes.
“Courtesy of Artificer Gideon, who should be somewhere in this city, working the other artificers and carpenters to their bones,” Curtis explained. “The main room is just up those stairs but there’s a window on this floor as well. You should take a look.”
Curious, Sylvie and I walked towards the far end of the circular room that only had a lounge-like area with another soldier guarding the base of the stairs.
The two of us peered out, and at first we didn’t know exactly what we were supposed to be looking at. My eyes scanned the small mountains that made up most of the area north of Etistin and went further south until my gaze landed on the Etistin bay shore.
Without a doubt, that was what Curtis wanted us to see.
Sylvie let out a small gasp as my jaw dropped.
Filling up over half of the entire Etistin bay that stretched out longer than a mile was nothing but a field of white.
An expanse of ice and snow had been created to meet the approaching ships.
“Amazing, isn’t it? This is what General Varay has been working on.” Curtis leaned forward next to us. “The largest battle of Dicathen will be held on this glacial field.”





Chapter 230
Chapter 230: Resounding Horns
Sylvie and I remained entranced by the snowy white field that extended from the shore out into the ocean. It was amazing to see the conjuration of such a vast phenomenon made from one person. Surely, General Varay would be exhausted by now until she could recover her mana, but the job had been well done.
Aside from the aesthetics provided, I was curious as to the sort of strategy Virion and the rest of the Council had to utilize this ice field. I was given minimal information on the specific formations, deployment and maneuvering of troops and the actual line formation that we’d be using to face the approaching Alacryan army.
“Ready to go up, General?” Curtis’s voice rang from behind.
I pried my eyes away, turning to the single set of stairs leading to the floor above. Sylvie was right behind me and despite appearing even younger than my sister in her human form, I could sense the excitement of battle leaking from her.
Climbing up the stairs and entering what I assumed was the strategic hub for the battle here, I was surprised at how... efficient everything was.
‘Efficient’ might not have been the best word, but the activities going on inside the room reminded me of the strategy rooms during my time as Grey back on Earth.
There were rows of desks with people sitting in front of large piles of transmission scrolls instead of computers. They were all faced towards the center of the circular room with a view of General Barion, standing on an elevated podium that was looking over a large earthen table with an uneven surface and a large glass orb perched on top of an intricate artifact. Surrounding this artifact were over twelve mages on standby.
While I was curious about the purpose of the clear orb, it only took me a second to realize that the earthen table, with a dwarven mage hovering his hands over it, was a rough depiction of the soon-to-be battlefield.
General Bairon Wykes, older brother of Lucas Wykes, was currently discussing something about the march before he finally turned to look at me.
His expression was controlled but the slight twitch in his eyebrows told me that he hadn’t exactly forgotten what I had done to his brother. Still, compared to how he acted when we had me for the first time, his impulse control had gotten a lot better.
“General Bairon,” I greeted curtly, walking up to the earthen war table.
“General Leywin,” he replied, not bothering to step down from the podium he was standing on.
I studied the layout of the war table, noticing the small earthen figures that most likely represented the troops.
“I’m assuming this information isn’t real-time, right?” I asked.
“No it isn’t, General Arthur,” the dwarf answered respectfully. “I’m only able to roughly gauge and track the progress from the reports through the transmission scrolls sent in by the captains.”
“And what is this giant orb?” I asked, looking at Bairon this time.
“It’s an artifact that can be better used as a medium for the diviners present,” he answered.
“How are the diviners getting information from the battlefield?”
“Those other mages you see beside the projection artifact are elite deviants capable of scrying by sharing senses with their bonded beasts. The diviners will be able to link the images from the scryers’ minds and project them into the orb for the strategic general of this battle to see,” Bairon replied, his eyes narrowing in suspicion.

“Don’t worry, I came here after declining your position. I’ll be joining the other lances on the battlefield,” I quipped, annoyed by the lance’s attitude.
“At least you had the brain to decline it. Tens of thousands of soldiers’ lives rest on the choices made in this room,” Bairon retorted. “If you can’t even keep your own family alive, how will you keep the soldiers out there from dying needlessly?”
I whipped my head back, rage flairing. “ What did you say?”
Bairon smiled smugly. “You heard me.”
“Both of you, stop,” my bond said, pulling on my sleeve. “And retract your mana.”
Looking around, I could see that the killing intent infused with mana that had leaked out were straining the people present in the room. Calming myself, I shot Bairon a glare and held up a hand. “Give me the debrief papers you got from the Council and we’ll be on our way.”
Bairon reluctantly handed me the folder. In it were dozens of pages highlighting relevant information along with several transmission scrolls.
Not wanting to stay in this room any longer than necessary, I made my way to the exit, stopping just short of the doorway leading to the stairs with Curtis and Sylvie beside me. “And General Bairon? If one of the requirements to have this role was to ‘keep your own family alive’, then I might just argue that you’re in no position to be up on that podium.”
I crossed the high city walls that marked the edge of Etistin perched on Sylvie’s back as I read through the notes outlining the various phases of this battle. The drumming of footsteps resounded below from the soldiers marching through the hills that led down to the Etistin Bay.
To make things even better for those struggling on their march, the gray clouds hung low, and the air was moist. It looked like the battle would be done under the rain.
Something’s not adding up, I said to myself, my eyes scouring over the estimated numbers of the Alacryan forces approaching.
‘What’s wrong?’ Sylvie replied, noticing my concern.
It’s just that... if I was the Alacryan general, there is no way I would initiate a full scale battle like this.
I could sense the confusion from my bond, so I elaborated what was on my mind.
From what we’d gathered, Alacrya had been preparing for this war for many years now, from smuggling spies like Headmaster Goodsky to poisoning and corrupting the mana beasts. They’d taken extreme and careful measures by colluding with the secretive dwarves and bridging gaps by installing teleportation gates deep within the dungeons of the Beast Glades.
This all happened under our noses while Dicathen barely knew that another continent even existed!
So to me, it seemed counterintuitive for them to abandon all of the strategic prowess that they’ve demonstrated and face us head on like this.
Based on the numbers, their forces were huge and any of the attacks we’d already tried had been easily blocked by their specialized defensive mages. However, they were still coming by ship—their resources were limited. The journey here must’ve already drained their food and water supply by a considerable amount. If we played a war of attrition, their forces would soon die of thirst or starvation.
Of course, one could argue that Alacrya’s strengths truly shined in large scale battle, since their specialized mages were much more of a well-oiled and cohesive military force compared to our soldiers. But still, we vastly outnumbered them even if it would take time to mobilize all of our forces.
Was I overthinking things? Perhaps the Alacryans just wanted to wrap this up. I knew that Agrona wanted to avoid an unnecessarily high death count on either sides for his goals against the asuras in Epheotus, so maybe he thought that obtaining victory in a formal battle like this would end the war cleanly?
‘Maybe you should’ve taken the strategic general position,’ Sylvie chimed after absorbing all of the thoughts I had practically vomited onto her.

No. Bairon is a dick, but he’s right. I don’t have a stable enough mindset to dictate the lives of the soldiers when I know that each of their deaths would be caused by the decisions I make.
I didn’t want to play chess using the lives of our soldiers as pawns when I already felt responsible for the death of my father.

“Focus, Arthur. We have a war to finish,” I said aloud, slapping my cheeks.
With General Bairon under the helm of leadership, I was now but a soldier assigned a mission. In a way, this was easier. My hands would get bloody instead of my soul.
Fly a bit lower, Sylv, I sent to my bond, closing the folder Bairon had given me.
Sylvie folded her wings and dived down so the endless line of soldiers no longer looked like faceless ants.
With a wave of my arms, I released a blast of fire, intertwining tendrils of lightning and blades of wind in a spectacular show of elements up into the sky.
Catching onto what I was doing, Sylvie raised her head and opened her large jaws to let out a deafening roar.
Hearing the whoops and shouts immediately from the troops below, I couldn’t help but smile.
‘That was a bit childish of us, no?’ my bond asked, chuckling a bit as well.
Not at all. Morale is one of the most overlooked but important aspects of large-scale battles, I replied as the two of us slowly approached the nearing ocean.
We made our way to Etistin Bay.
The first thing we noticed was the temperature. As we got closer to the conjured field of snow and ice, I felt a biting chill permeating through my skin.
Varay was truly on another level compared to the rest of the other lances. While I’d like to confidently say that I could beat Varay in a one-on-one battle, I couldn’t. While I had the advantage of being able to manipulate multiple elements and had Sylvia’s dragon will, they seemed like cheap parlor tricks in the face of the absolute power and control that Varay had.
Even if I managed to beat her, I’d be lucky if I only lost an arm or a leg. But having her as an ally was incredibly reassuring.
The two of us landed just on the threshold where the coastal beaches became ice—an odd sight to see. Here, it wasn’t only the temperature that had changed; the atmosphere from the infantry was tense and dark.
Even with the captains shouting and trying to boost morale, I could almost see the weight of death that they carried on their shoulders. With eyes drawn towards me, I remained impassive, but my stomach churned, seeing the soldiers lined up front. With the weight of their own armor making them slouch forward and their gazes that held no hardness trained soldiers would have, it was easy to tell that many of them were civilians that had been called to arms.
How many of these people staring at me would die, being the first to face the enemy lines? I tried not to dwell on it. I tried to bring back that detached, emotionless state I had relied so heavily on during my life as King Grey.
I ignored the teens, some even younger than me, staring at me as I stood beside the large black dragon that towered over them.
Sylvie and my presence did give many of the soldiers hope. I could hear whispers amongst each other of the good news that there were now two lances to fight by their side.

“General Arthur, welcome.” The frigid smooth voice cut through the steam, and the silhouette of an armor-clad woman could be seen with billowing hair just past her shoulders.
“General Varay,” I greeted with a genuine smile. The very presence of this lance seemed to shift the atmosphere. She carried herself lightly and elegantly like a gazelle but her gaze and poise spilled confidence.
She stretched out her hand, making it a point to show our composure and leisure in front of the quadrants of infantry troops. I accepted her gesture and Sylvie, who remained in her draconic form, lowered her head to let Varay gently touch her snout.
We walked together towards the back while the white-haired general explained the basic formations and maneuvering they had planned. Most of it I had already read about but it was another thing seeing the sheer size of the force that would be fighting on our side.
The first line consisted of armed warriors serving as the first point of contact against the enemies. They would charge and do as much damage until given the signal to retreat behind the second line, who were composed of trained soldiers—a mixture of both regular warriors and augmenters.
Finally making up the last of this first ‘wave’ was basically the barrier troops. These were the elite soldiers that were all augmenters, many of whom had elemental affinities.
“There will be a gap of about thirty paces where the conjurers will make up the next line along with another line of barrier troops to fall back on,” Varay explained, gesturing to the armored mages donning staves.
It was when we walked past the line of conjurers that I saw some familiar faces. One of which I wasn’t too fond of.
Captain Auddyr, standing tall behind his troops consisting of elite augmenters. The captain that I had met back near the town of Slore when I was deployed on my first mission was wearing a conspicuously extravagant set of armor. The two of us exchanged glances and the only greeting I was shown as a slight bow before he turned back to his troops.
The second familiar face was Madam Astera, the one and only head cook that I had sparred against in that very same mission. Appropriately, however, she was donned in armor and wore two longswords across her back with ease.
Looking closer at her soldiers, I was able to make out a few of them underneath all of their armor as well. The girl that I remember as Nyphia and the bully of a soldier named Herrick, both of whom tried to best me in a duel but failed.
There was a small sense of pleasure that I got from seeing their awestruck faces when our eyes met. Madam Astera, on the other hand, shot me a grin and mouthed the words, ‘looking good’ at me.
I shot Nyphia and Herrick a playful wink, eliciting a blush from one and a visible shrinking of shoulders from the other, before moving on.
We climbed the stone stairs that followed the steep incline of the terrain just east of Etistin Bay.
This was another strategic advantage that our side held. The ascending elevation gave our archers and conjurers, that were able to cast at longer ranges, a field advantage without having to waste time and resources building platforms for them to shoot from. Walls for defense had been made by earth mages, and many of the archers were stringing their bows.
We reached the top of the hill just in time for me to feel the first raindrop on my cheek. It only took a few seconds before a heavy downpour ensued. Sylvie was about to lift up a wing to shield us from the rain, but I stopped her.
We’re all soldiers here. We’ll all fight under the rain together anyway, I said, my eyes focusing on the field of ice. Rain and fog impeded our vision, and the sound of our soldiers still marching towards the shore could be heard amidst heavy thrumming of rain.
“We will stay behind for the first wave. Scryers will have eyes on the field and General Bairon will relay information on the enemy forces for us soon after,” General Varay said beside me. “There are additional forces that are on their way, some of whom are silver-core mages.”
And so, we waited. I could feel the tension building and more than once I could hear a captain peptalking their troops.
‘The wait is more agonizing than I imagined,’ my bond sent, her bright hazel eyes trying to catch a glimpse of anything within the fog above the icefield.
I nodded, barely restraining myself from flying over and breaking hell by myself. During this time, more and more troops arrived. Some were sent to either side of the bay in order to flank, while others remained back as reserve forces.
It felt like hours had passed, all of us standing in the rain with white knuckles gripping our weapons.
Finally the horn rang.
I could see our men stiffen as the deep brassy note told them the enemies had landed.
The second horn rang, and it was then that tense air dissipated followed by the mana-enforced roar of General Varay.
“Charge!”





Chapter 231
Chapter 231: Following Orders
The quiet yet palpable tension had dissipated, replaced by the guttural roars of our soldiers and the rumble of the earth as they charged forth with fervor.
Even with all of my knowledge and experience in the battlefield, both in this life and the previous, my heart still quivered in excitement.
Sylvie felt it, and she was in a similar state as well. The rush of adrenaline leaking from her mixed alongside my own barely-contained anticipation as we gazed down at the approaching enemy forces.
We leaned forward, watching expectantly as our forces collided with theirs. Our front line was an organized wave of soldiers with allies ready to back them up and provide cover, but it was different on their side.
At first, it was hard to notice. The mist that had shrouded the battlefield obscured everyone from looking at fine details.
Even the scrys behind us were barely able to give us any news or readings aside from the fact that our enemy troops all wore little to no armor of various colors.
Despite knowing what was happening below, I couldn’t make out the clashes of metal and screams of soldiers from a distance. It was different. During battles on a scale this large, sounds weren’t as distinct. They sort of blended in together in such volume that tremors could be felt all the way up here.
Can you tell what’s going on? I asked Sylvie.
My bond responded by shaking her head.
I turned to Varay. “Maybe we should get rid of the mist, General. I can’t tell what’s going on down there.”
The white-haired ice mage refused. “We know what’s on their side. We have to keep them from knowing what’s on our side. Deviating from the plan at this stage is impossible. Wait for Bairon and the Council’s orders.”
I was irritated but held my tongue. She was right—and more than that, it wasn’t my place to make suggestions like this. I was the one that refused the position because I couldn’t handle the responsibility. Who was I to come here now and do as I please just because I felt uneasy?
Choosing to trust Varay, Bairon, and the Council that were still receiving information realtime, I watched, waiting for my time to come.
Flashes of light followed by a wave of cries and screams soon caught my attention.
It looks like the Alacryans have already sent in their mages, I conveyed to my bond.
It was a little disconcerting that they’d deploy their mages so early on in the battle. However, I remembered what Agrona said about how Alacrya had so many more mages due to experiments that he had performed since generations before.
‘Their mages seem to be spread out inconsistently, though,’ Sylvie pointed out.
She was right. There were areas on the field where flashes of magic were close together or clustered, while in other areas, there would be spells going off several dozens of yards away from one another.
Again, a sense of unease filled me, but I remained quiet, My eyes scanned across the battlefield through the shroud of steam emanating from the icy ground, trying to find any signs of a retainer or scythe.
Suddenly, shadows stretched above me. Looking up, I saw a fleet of mages riding on various winged mounts.

“The aerial fleets are here,” Varay announced as the dozen or so mages sailed overhead and into the battlefield.
There would be three main forces against the Alacryans during this battle. First were the infantry, responsible for making first contact and keeping a constant pressure forward, away from the Etistin Bay. Next were the aerial forces responsible for creating disarray to the Alacryan’s backline by dropping spells on them from above. Finally, there was us, the lances.
The aerial forces lit up the foggy backdrop with their spells. One of them rained down motes of fire on the Alacryans while another utilized the mist itself and formed the water droplets into sharp icicles.
The cries and screams that were so jarring at first were beginning to blend in with the other background noises of battle. Seeing Varay’s gaze as she studied the battlefield intently, I could almost see the burdens of their deaths weighing down on her shoulders.
The battle continued for more than an hour before I finally lost it.
“General Varay. Let me go down there too,” I requested.
“No. It’s too soon,” she replied, still gazing down at the battlefield. “Wait until after the other infantry divisions flank from both sides. That’s when you’ll go down.”
I was itching to go down there, to feel useful. After the recent battles and losses, I needed a win.
‘It’s okay. We’ll have our time to contribute, Arthur,’ Sylvie comforted. ‘Besides, it looks like the tide of battle is in our favor.’
This was true. I had to admit that for how little experience our side had with large-scale battles, we were holding up fairly well. I could make out the vague outlines of formations from where we were standing. With three lines that interchanged positions constantly to give each other a break, our forces were able to maintain their intensity.
Varay turned her piercing gaze to me. “You’ll go in and target only their powerful mages. You will only be in the field for an hour at a time.”
I nodded in understanding. Varay and I were the only white core mages on this side. I couldn’t be too tired in case a retainer or scythe—perhaps both—showed up. That was our most important duty.
“Get ready,” Varay instructed.
I hopped on top of Sylvie’s back, cladding myself in mana.
Another horn trumpeted out in the distance, followed by another one on the other side of the bay.
“Go!” Varay ordered. “And don’t die.”
I thought she was joking, but her severe expression said otherwise. Giving her a stern nod, Sylvie beat her powerful wings, sending gusts of wind below us.
The two of us stayed low, barely hovering over the next line of soldiers charging forward until the ground changed to snow.
Fight in human form and focus on helping our troops. I’ll handle picking off the Alacryan mages, I sent to my bond as I jumped off her back.
‘Got it. I don’t sense any retainers or scythes, but be careful, Arthur. Always be careful,’ she replied before flying off to the side in her human form.
I landed hard on the icy ground, spurring a cloud of frost. Behind me, I could hear the thunder of armored boots as our augmenter troops charged forward into battle.
Ahead, I could already see our first wave of troops trying to withdraw. Much of the white field was covered in blood and corpses and only more would come as the battle progressed.

Withdrawing and imbuing Dawn’s Ballad in pale blue fire, I held my sword aloft for those behind me to see.
“For Dicathen!” I roared, charging forward alongside the line of battle mages clad in armor and mana.
Our strides kicked up more snow, obscuring our field of vision. Perhaps it was a good thing, since I wouldn’t be distracted by the sight of my allies dying in the distance.

On the other side were the Alacryans. Many of them were already bloody and sweaty from the wave before. It was odd seeing some soldiers clustered together while others were off by themselves.
There were no front lines, no division of forces to utilize their specialized magic like I had expected.
Casting aside my worries and doubts, I continued leading the charge with fervor, reinforcing confidence and morale into my comrades by cladding myself in lightning and fire.
The charge forward may have been an awe-inspiring sight, but the the clash was dreadful. I felt it just as much as I heard it.
Metal shrieked and rang while men screamed in pain. The faint hum of magic was always present as both sides took damage from one another.
The carefully formulated line consisting of augmenters quickly digressed into chaos amidst the snowy field. My first opponent fell instantaneously as he had approached, with a single slash from my sword.
The following enemy soldiers fell just as quickly under my attacks, but it wasn’t just me. The division of mages that had charged alongside me swiftly mowed down the average soldiers, a few only getting injured by the occasional lone mage that struck them by surprise.
I felt uneasy once more, but I pushed the feelings aside. Hesitation was useless in a battle like this. With Dawn’s Ballad in one hand and a spell always ready in the other, I left a trail of Alacryan corpses with every unabated step.
The first enemy mage that I found was by himself, surrounded by Dicathen soldiers on the ground. His shoulders were hunched forward and his entire body was terribly thin with a sickly pale tone. His hands were clad in tendrils of lightning.
Our eyes locked, and he peered into me like a starving wolf—desperate and deranged.
I abandoned my curiousness and rushed forward. He was an enemy I needed to kill. The more of them I killed, the more allies I saved.
I swung my free hand, conjuring a blade of ice clad in lightning. With the addition of wind manipulation, the crescent cut through the enemy mage’s torso before he even had a chance to strike me with his lightning whips.
Without batting an eye, I moved on to my next enemy. I tried to focus amidst the chaos of battle, tuning out the cries for help from allies and the high-pitched ring of metal on metal as weapons clashed. It was hard to ignore as enemy weapons cut through the flesh of our soldiers. Stains of pink from snow-mixed blood could be seen more often than white itself, and in some desperate places, the ground had turned into dark crimson.
Severed arms still clutching onto weapons, chopped off legs, and split-open heads littered the battlefield as I ran around, targeting the flashes of magic that appeared in the distance.
Had it not been for my previous life experiences, and the adrenaline coursing through my veins, I would’ve knelt down and retched on more than one occasion.
About an hour had passed, Sylvie and I regrouped and headed back to the camps where Varay waited.
I could feel the grief and horror emanating from my bond, and my state of mind wasn’t any better. The two of us were welcomed into the camps by soldiers applauding and cheering, but it only made it worse. Most of the same soldiers were injured, many unconscious.
I couldn’t help but think that, out of these dozens of soldiers, how many of their missing limbs had I run across out in this battlefield?

Medics ran around carrying supplies while the few emitters available in this particular camp were on the verge of backlash from overusing their mana. But despite all of the activity and noise around us, I felt like I was watching everything through a thick foggy lens.
“Good work,” Varay said, patting me on the back.
I mustered a nod before taking a seat below a tree on the far edge of the camp. Sylvie sat beside me and the two of us silently gathered ourselves.
I wasn’t tired. My mana reserves weren’t drained despite the near fifty mages I had killed in that hour. But my body still felt heavy. It wasn’t like fighting against the beast horde. These soldiers that I had killed were people—people that had families.
Despite my brain screaming at me to not think about this, it was hard not to. The only small consolation I had was that I was just following my orders. It was that small difference that differentiated a soldier from a killer.
I was just following orders.
The day stretched on with the end of the battle nowhere in sight. During this time, more and more of our troops had arrived as support.
Large formations of soldiers stood ready to charge at a notice down below near the shore. The campsites had become more and more packed with injured soldiers who were being patched up and carried away in carriages back to Etistin.
During this time, Sylvie and I had gone down to the battlefield four times and we were getting ready for our fifth run.
“Are you okay, Arthur?” my bond asked, gripping my arm gently.
“I’m hungry but feel nauseous just thinking about food,” I replied quietly. “Let’s get this over with.”
Sylvie nodded. “We’re doing a good thing though. We’ve saved hundreds, if not thousands of allies by taking down those mages.”
“I know, but it’s just... nothing,” I sighed.
Reading my thoughts, she said aloud, “Are you still thinking something is off about them?”
“I do. I tried not to think about it because we’re winning, but it’s still on my mind. I haven’t studied the Alacryans indepthly or anything like that... but this—them,” I said, gesturing out to the field. “They’re not the organized troops that Agrona had created. Not in a way that I had imagined them, at least.”
“Maybe the troops that we’ve fought against before were elites,” Sylvie replied.
“Maybe you’re right,” I sighed.
Maybe I really had overestimated Agrona and the Alacryans. Despite all of the planning that they’d done over the years, the enemies were still trying to invade an entire continent. It’s only normal for us to have this much of an advantage.
That was when I overheard one of the injured soldiers talking.
I whipped around and ran to the legless soldier lying on a table with a medic wrapping new gauze around his injuries.
“What did you say?” I asked, terrifying the man.
“G-G-General! My apologies. I shouldn’t have said something so outrageous like that!” he exclaimed, eyes wide with fear.
“No. I just want to know what you said just now. Something about ‘freed’?”
“I-I just said that I felt a little... bad for them,” he answered, his voice dropping to a whisper. “One of the Alacryans, just before I killed him, begged me not to kill him. He said something about being granted freedom if he lives.”
“They would be granted freedom?” Sylvie echoed, turning to me with an expression of concern. “Do they enslave their soldiers?”
Thoughts accelerated in my head as I processed and connected everything: how untrained the soldiers seemed, how spread apart their specialized mages were, the disunity amongst their troops that made them seem more like they were fighting a free-for-all, and even the lack of uniform and armor that helped them tell each other apart from their enemies.
“They’re not soldiers,” I muttered, looking at Sylvie. “Those are just their prisoners.”
Sylvie’s eyes widened in realization before asking the question that really mattered. “So then, where are their actual soldiers?”





Chapter 232
Chapter 232: Tainted Blood
ALDUIN ERALITH
I watched as Merial gently stroked our daughter’s hair, tucking in loose strands behind her ear while she slept soundly. Pale columns of moonlight enveloped the two of them, casting a serene atmosphere inside the quiet room.
How long has it been since we were last together like this? I thought.
Too long to remember. We’d spent the better half of the night talking, like a real family, until Tessia finally fell asleep.
She had grown so big, so beautifully. She was the spitting image of her mother, yet she had my stubbornness. And hearing her talk—hearing her really talk—about how she was doing and what her plans were for the future... it was what I needed.
It reaffirmed my decision.
I made my way towards the door, taking one last look at my two girls. Merial looked up at me, giving me a determined gaze. Her eyes were lined with tears and her flushed cheeks could be seen even in this dimly-lit room. She was gently holding Tessia’s hand as she gave me a nod.
Nodding back with a hardened expression, I stepped outside the room. I’d been in the Castle for several years now, but never before had it felt so large and barren. The sconces lighting up the hallway flickered wildly as I passed, almost like they knew and were rebuking me.
I only made it a few steps before I relented under the pressure weighing down on me. I leaned back against the wall for support as the tension grew in me, spreading through my face and limbs like a wildfire. The wave of panic didn’t stop there—it merely came in erratic pulses, driving me mad as my mind imagined the consequences of what I was about to do.
My breath came in stuttered gasps and my heart hammered so fiercely against my chest that I feared my ribs would crack. The empty corridors tottered and spun with every little movement I made, rendering me to the floor. I buried my face in my knees, clutching at my hair with trembling hands as I thought back to the words spoken to me last night.
It was Arthur’s bond in her human form.
Her demeanor was casual yet refined as she approached me.
“What is it now?” I snarled, taking an involuntary step back. I knew exactly who it was. It was obvious just by the way she carried herself and the expression on her face that it wasn’t actually Arthur’s bond—it was Agrona.
“How very curt of you, King Alduin,” she, or rather, he, replied. “I thought we were closer than that.”
“Close? I did what you asked, but my daughter still almost died out there on the field! If it wasn’t for General Aya—”
“If my soldiers purposely avoided her like some sort of plague, your daughter wouldn’t be merely bruised by her own inadequacy,” he interrupted, expressionless. “She’d be suspicious, and that isn’t something you want.”
I grit my teeth in frustration. “Why are you here? I’ve done what you’ve asked. I smuggled in your men so that they could kill our prisoners.”

“I’ve come for a different matter, King Alduin,” he said. It frustrated me more than anything else how relaxed he was. “Currently, our sides are engaged on the western shore. For you—for your people—that means you’ve abandoned your kingdom.”
The emotional side of me wanted to lash out at him. How dare he come in here and talk as if he had nothing to do with it, but years as a political figure had trained me to keep silent and mask my expression.
“I wanted to hear from you,” he continued without missing a beat. “Where does your loyalty lie?”
“What do you mean? Letting you kill prisoners that have no use is one matter, but if you’re suggesting even the remote possibility that I betray my people—”
“Not ‘betray your people.’ You already did that,” he cut in. “I’m asking if your loyalty lies with all of Dicathen, from the barren deserts of the Darv all the way to the outskirts of Sapin—whose men capture and sell your people as slaves even today, or your kingdom.”
I didn’t answer. And that moment of hesitation was all he needed to know—that I could be wavered.
“I will cease the attacks on all of your elven territory. As long as they do not attack any Alacryans, your people will be guaranteed safety along with you, your wife, and your troubled child.”
Our eyes remained locked as he waited for my answer.
“What do you want?” I finally asked.
“Similar to last time, I need you to grant a few of my men access into the Castle as well as Xyrus City.”
After staring blankly for a moment, I laughed. I laughed at an asura that was capable of potentially wiping away my existence with a flick of his finger.
But Agrona remained calm. He let me laugh and ridicule the very idea until my office was silent.
Suddenly, he snapped his fingers as if he just remembered something. “I forgot you always need that little extra push, King Alduin. How about this, then. Your daughter will die if you don’t. Not only will she die, she’ll also most likely kill quite a few people around her in the process.”
“W-What?”
Agrona tapped his sternum. “You know those corrupted beasts that has caused so many problems for you? Well, just like them, your daughter’s core is also poisoned.”
Anger flared up inside and I grabbed Agrona by the collar. “What did you do to her?”
He laughed jarringly in the body of Arthur’s bond. “I didn’t do anything. Ironic as it is, you can blame your daughter’s boyfriend for this.”
It took me a moment to realize what he meant. It was the beast will of the elderwood beast. The S class beast that my daughter had assimilated with.
My hands lost strength and I released Agrona before falling back onto my chair.

“I’d give you a demonstration, but that might put a little hiccup to our little plan. Besides, I think you know by now that I don’t lie.”
I shook my head, trying to force the memories out of my head before continuing forward.

I stopped in front of another room on the same floor. It was the room that was currently occupied by Arthur’s mother and sister. A mixture of emotions rose in me as I stared at the closed door. I felt bad for them, I really did. The whole Leywin family served by helping the Wall against the beast horde. What happened to Arthur’s father was truly unfortunate, and I pushed adamantly for Trodius Flamesworth’s imprisonment for his actions.
However, I couldn’t help but still blame the young lance. All of these years, I had thought that meeting Arthur and being able to have close relations with him through my father and my daughter was a blessing. He was both a genius intellectually and in magical prowess, on a level that couldn’t be measured. On top of that, he had a bond with an asura—an actual deity.
Yet, if it wasn’t for Arthur—if he hadn’t given Tessia that core...
I rubbed my temples, letting out a sigh while continuing forward. There was no point in regretting now.
My steps grew heavier the closer I got to the teleportation room. As if my boots were made of lead, I found myself stopping often. I looked back over my shoulders every few steps, guilt and fear dragging me down.
The usual soldiers that stood guard on either side of the gate were absent as planned. It wasn’t hard to do since the gate was shut off for security purposes soon after the lances in the castle were all sent to Etistin.
Exerting mana throughout my body, I heaved open the thick iron doors. Taking one last look around in case anyone was nearby, I closed the doors behind me.
The circular room appeared a lot larger now that it had been emptied, with the only real feature being a podium that held the control dock and an ancient stone arc riddled with runes that were incomprehensible even to this day.
Without wasting any more time, I stepped onto the podium. My hands trembled as I raised them over the control panel, and for another second, I hesitated. What I did now would change the entire course of this war, but for me, there was no other choice but this.
Shutting my eyes, I pushed down on the panel. Immediately, I felt mana being sucked out of me, but I held firm until the runes began glowing.
A pristine golden hue emanated out of the mysterious carvings before a multi-colored light enveloped the inside of the arc to form the portal. The once quiet room was filled with a deep hum as the ancient relic came to life.
Minutes passed as I stood, waiting for someone to arrive.
“Where is he !” I whispered, running a trembling hand through my hair as I paced back and forth within the room.
I continued cursing under my breath, doing anything to keep myself from thinking. I couldn’t think. If I did, I would only doubt myself even more.
No. I’m doing the right thing. For once, I’m doing what’s in the best interest of my people— my people. Agrona wasn’t wrong; humans had been capturing both elves and dwarves for centuries. I had almost lost my own daughter to them. It didn’t matter if Agrona won the war—it might even be better if he did!
I shook my head. No. No. Agrona was still a demon, I can’t forget that.

But the humans had always had the upper hand. With my father taking the helm of leadership during this war, I thought that would’ve changed, but it hadn’t. In fact, my father was the one who had abandoned Elenoir in favor of the human kingdom.
I would be the one to save it. With my actions now, I would keep my people safe.
Looking down at my hands, I noticed that they were still trembling. Was I just lying to myself? Was I just trying to justify what I was about to do?
It didn’t matter. At the very least, I needed to save Tessia. What kind of father would I be if I couldn’t keep my only daughter safe?
Again, rage bubbled inside as I realized how my emotions have been toyed with by Agrona’s words. He was right; Tessia was that final push I needed.
A deep thrum snapped my attention towards the teleportation gate. They’re here!
Within the multi-colored glow of the gate, a silhouette slowly came into view, focusing until an actual figure stepped through and arrived inside the circular room.
“Are you the elf called Alduin?” the man spook in a deep booming voice as two scarlet eyes peered down at me. Intimidating as they were, his eyes were almost pleasant compared to the two serrated horns casting a menacing shine.
I straightened myself, trying to appear as tall as I could in front of this seven-foot giant that was twice my width at the shoulders. “Yes.”
He held up a glass vial filled with a murky green liquid.
Even without him saying, I knew exactly what it was. I stepped forward and made a grab for it, but stopped short when a smokey black flame erupted from him.
I reeled back in fright before anger set in. “That’s mine! Agrona and I had—”
His hand a blur, I found it closed around my neck. His grip became tighter and tighter, severing my breath as he lifted me off the ground. “ Lord Agrona has shown mercy by lowering himself to communicate with a lesser like you.”
My body fought back instinctively. Mana circled my body and into my hands as I tried to pry open his grip, but I couldn’t focus as my consciousness faded.
Dark spots splashed across my blurring vision when he finally let go. Immediately, my body buckled forward as I heaved what little food I had consumed this morning.
“This Commander Virion of yours does not suspect anything, correct?”
I quickly nodded my head. “I told everyone that I’d be in charge of leading the evacuation of Elenoir.”
“Then bring your blood to this room and exit through this portal,” he stated. “I will have left the vial here by the time you return.”
“M-My blood?”
“What your people call ‘family’,” he said impatiently. “Also, bring Arthur Leywin’s mother and sister along with you.”
I stood up. “What? Why?”
His sharp gaze was all that was needed to drive home his point—that this wasn’t a negotiation.
“Okay,” I breathed, turning to leave. I pushed open the doors slightly, once more before taking a weary glance back at what could only be a retainer or even a scythe.
I had brought a demon into the very home of this continent’s leaders. Prying my eyes away from his looming figure, I stepped out of the teleportation room. “I’m sorry, Father.”





Chapter 233
Chapter 233: Treason
ARTHUR LEYWIN
“We have our orders here, Lance Arthur,” Varay stated with an icy glare. “We are to continue engaging against the Alacryan troops.”
I gnashed my teeth in frustration. “General Varay, even you’ve noticed by now that the enemies we’re fighting against aren’t the Alacryan’s main force. They’re disorganized, desperate, and a lot of them are even malnourished and downright ill!”
Varay stood firm, masking her emotions. “Are you forgetting that we are soldiers? It’s not up to us to decide what we do with this information. I’ve already sent an update to General Bairon and the Council. We will act according to their orders, but for now we will continue to do as we are told.”
“Then let me and my bond go back to Etistin—no, the Castle. I’ll talk to Commander Virion and come up with a—”
“Wasn’t the whole reason you’re out here because you didn’t want these responsibilities?” the general cut me off. “You wanted to be a soldier because you didn’t want to carry the burden of making decisions.”
My mouth opened, but no sound came out. She was right. I was the one that chose to be here, to fight mindlessly and not have the weight of other people’s lives in my hands.
With my neck tense and jaws clenched, I gave General Varay a stiff bow before turning to walk away.
My thoughts wandered until I found myself back to the isolated area where I had set up camp. There, I spotted Sylvie replenishing her mana. She peeked open an eye, sensing I was near. “How did it go?”
“Nothing’s changed,” I grumbled, sitting down on a large rock next to her. “We’ll continue fighting them.”
“Well, prisoners or not, we still can’t let them advance,” Sylvie said with wave of empathy.
“But this”—I gestured to the thousands upon thousands of soldiers below, resting, and the thousands more out in the field, fighting—“is overkill. We have way more troops than necessary if all we’re up against are a horde of uncoordinated and desperate prisoners.”
“True,” Sylvie agreed. She got up, and stretched her human limbs before shooting me a glance. “So. What are we waiting for, then?”
I raised a brow. “What?”

“Please, Arthur. I could read your thoughts even without our link.” She rolled her eyes. “I know you’ve already decided to leave.”
Again, I found myself with an open mouth but with no words spilling out of them. Shaking my head, I gave my bond a smile and tousled her wheat-colored hair. “Then don’t say I didn’t warn you. We’re technically committing treason by disobeying orders and leaving during a battle.”
Sylvie’s body began glowing until her form shifted into that of a towering black dragon. “Meh. This isn’t the first time we’re committing treason, and it probably won’t be the last.”
“I raised you so well,” I chuckled, hopping onto my bond, my spirits lifted. I had lost a lot, but I still had those I dearly cherished.
We shot up into the sky, clearing the hills that stretched out from the Etistin Bay.
‘Did you want to stop by Etistin City before making our way to the castle?’ Sylvie asked.
There’s no point. Bairon isn’t the type to listen—especially to me—and the Castle severed all links to the other teleportation gates. The only way to get inside is by flying directly there, so we don’t have any time to lose.
I had almost expected General Varay to come after us, but after the first thirty minutes had passed, I knew we were in the clear. In the meantime, I nodded on and off, struggling to stay awake as the peaceful and quiet journey continued.
Scenes of my previous life began resurfacing like a vivid dream. Emotions that I had felt back then surfaced alongside the old memories.
I remembered the feelings of confusion I had towards Lady Vera when I heard her talking about the rigged matches to that man in the uniform. A part of me had been angry at her for not trusting that I’d be able to win the matches by my own strength.
Even as I had continued competing in the matches where my opponents withdrew immediately, I never confronted Lady Vera or asked any questions. Who was I to question my mentor’s decisions? She had practically given me a new life, training me to the extent where not only could I make up for my impaired ki center, I had the opportunity to become king.
While my pride had been hurt that Lady Vera hadn’t trusted in my abilities enough to let me fight squarely, I had accepted the hollow victories until the day of the final rounds. I, along with every other contestant that had won their state’s tournament, had traveled all the way to the capital of our country, Etharia, for the chance to become the next king.
There was no consistent schedule for when the King’s Crown competition would be held, though. It was purely at the discretion of the Council, who would come to a vote when they thought the current king wasn’t performing to their expectations. Some frequent reasons may be when the reigning king lost a Paragon Duel against another country, incurred a debilitating injury, of if he or she was simply getting too old.
Our current king had lost an arm from the last Paragon Duel, which incited the current King’s Crown competition. The victor would gain the opportunity to fight the current king, and if the challenger won, he or she would become the next king. If the king won, he would remain in his position until the winner of the next King’s Crown would challenge him. It was a vicious cycle that the Council would put a king through if they deemed him unfit.
Memories of Lady Vera and the group of trainers and doctors responsible for keeping me in top condition for the duration of this tournament flashed in my mind. I remembered all of us pushing through the crowds of spectators as everyone tried to make their way into the stadium. Once we had arrived at our assigned waiting area, I could feel the difference in atmosphere.
I vividly remembered the palpable tension in our waiting area as some contestants stretched or warmed up while others meditated their ki centers. The lingering pressure in the room had stemmed from the fact that, during the last stage of the King’s Crown, it was legal for contestants to deal lethal blows to their opponents.
All of the contestants, including myself, had known that they could die today. Lady Vera and the other trainers had done their best to keep me from thinking about that, keeping me focused through various exercises.

I still remembered all of the contestants I had fought against, both young and old, small and large, every fighter at the top of their class. Most importantly to me, none of them had been bribed by Lady Vera to forfeit the match.
I remembered trying to convince myself how great Lady Vera was. I had reasoned that she had purposely cleared the road of obstacles for me not because she didn’t trust in my abilities, but because she wanted me to be at my best for the final rounds.
If only I had known then, what that day would entail. I still thought to this day, what I would’ve done differently if I had gone back to the past on that very day, if I had known the truth about Lady Vera.

‘Arthur!’ Sylvie’s voice pierced through my head, snapping me awake, just moments before she jerked her body to dodge a giant arc of lightning. Another arc of lightning soon shot at us from below, piercing through the clouds.
By this time, both Sylvie and I knew who was responsible for this.
“Bairon!” I roared, amplifying my voice with mana as I jumped off of Sylvie. “What is the meaning of this?”
A figure rose from the layer of clouds below us, along with several soldiers mounted on giant armored birds.
“You disobey direct orders and run away from battle, then ask the meaning of what I’m doing?” Bairon boomed, his voice emanating mana as well. “While my orders remain verbal, I advise you to return to your post, Arthur.”
“Verbal?” It was Sylvie that replied, her husky voice laced with anger in her draconic form. “You fire spells capable of destroying buildings at a lance and an asura ?”
There was a moment of hesitation before Bairon answered. “We are at war, and your human bond has chosen to take orders rather than give them. I’m merely enforcing my duty to my subordinates .”
“Enough!” I snapped. “You’ve received the updates from General Varay as well. The enemy forces that we’re engaged with at the bay are all prisoners of Alacrya. We need to reorganize our troops and scout for the enemy’s main force before—”
“Those decisions are up to me and the Council to make,” Bairon interrupted, drawing in closer with his soldiers surrounding him. “You were the one that forfeited the burden of responsibility.”
I gritted my teeth, frustrated more at myself than at Bairon for all of this. It was true that I was the one to run away. Even now, I would hesitate to take a position of leadership, but I couldn’t just stand by while I watched as we played right into Agrona’s hand.
“Please stand aside. Don’t waste your energy on this and let us go to the Castle. I’ll get Commander Virion’s approval as soon as I arrive if that’s what you want,” I said, calming myself. “Let’s go, Sylv.”
The mounted soldiers fanned out, preparing their spells as Bairon floated, aiming a lightning-clad hand directly at us.
“I assure you that this one won’t miss, General Arthur. This is the last warning to get back to your post.”

“What is with you and your brother always resorting to violence?” I spat out, annoyed.
With a rage-filled roar, Bairon charged, his entire body engulfed in lightning.
Bringing up Lucas might not have been the smartest choice, but it was too obvious that this show of power had less to do with me leaving my post, and more to do with proving he was superior to me.
Cladding myself in mana as well, I utilized the moisture from the clouds below and conjured an arsenal of ice lances.
Sylvie unleashed a beam of pure mana from her maw directly at Bairon while I launched the ice-spears at the mounted soldiers.
The formation broke easily as Bairon’s soldiers swerved to avoid my spell. Bairon himself had to stop to defend against the wide cone of pure energy, giving us the brief window we were looking for.
Sylvie. Let’s go! I sent to my bond. I grabbed ahold of her leg as she flew past me and in a mere second, we flew past Bairon and his soldiers.
Just when I thought we would get away, Bairon launched his cape at us. It was a magic artifact, no doubt, because the cape soon dispersed into a large net composed of metal wires which he was able to control with his lightning.
Human form, now! I ordered.
My bond’s body shrunk to that of a little girl just as the net encompassed us.
Sylvie immediately formed a barrier of mana around us, but that gave the other soldiers enough time to regroup.
It was growing more and more frustrating trying to deal with them without actually hurting them.
‘Are we allowed to hurt them, yet?’ Sylvie asked impatiently while keeping the lightning net from closing in on us.
The mounted soldiers released their spells as well, and their combined power was enough to put cracks in my bond’s mana barrier.
I nodded. Just don’t kill them.
Sylvie responded by conjuring dozens of mana arrows outside of her barrier and launching them at the soldiers while I manipulated the clouds below us.
With a wave an arm, I withdrew Dawn’s Ballad and sliced through the lightning-charged metal net. With Bairon distracted by the mana arrows, his artifact didn’t stand a chance, and the two of us were free.
As Sylvie toyed with the soldiers by launching a never-ending assault of mana arrows at them, I conjured a little present for Bairon himself.
Fashioning a compressed sphere of wind in my hand, I combined it with fire and lightning, creating a swirling blue fireball the size of Sylvie in her dragon form that crackled with trails of electricity.
Bairon retracted his net and was already preparing to defend against my attack when an unusual glitter of light in the distance attracted my attention.
Everyone stopped what they were doing as we stared at the source of the red and black blaze miles away. We looked at one another in search of someone who knew what was going on, until a wave of shock and realization leaked onto me from my bond.
I turned to Sylvie to see her eyes wide in horror. She turned to me and spoke aloud for everyone to hear. “That’s... the Castle.”





Chapter 234
Chapter 234: Remembrance
“Seth, report back to General Varay. She’ll be in charge of the battle,” Bairon ordered, gesturing the soldier away.
He turned to me and we locked gazes for a second before he nodded, saying to me, “The rest of us will head straight to the Castle.”
I nodded back and Sylvie transformed back into her dragon form before we immediately took off.
Taking deep breaths, I tried to remain level-headed. Trusting that Elder Hester, Elder Buhnd, and Virion were enough to deal with whoever had intruded.
Those black and red flames billowing in the distance were an ominous sign that it was what I had feared—either a retainer or even a scythe. I steered my mind clear of the ‘what ifs’ by thinking up of a strategy upon entering. I tried not to think about my mom and sister, as well as Tess, who were supposed to be safe there.
‘It’ll be okay,’ Sylvie conveyed to me, but even she couldn’t keep her worry from leaking onto me.
I didn’t respond, and instead, manipulated the wind around us, lessening the air resistance pulling Sylvie back. Whatever I needed to do to get us there even a second faster.
I continued manipulating the wind, cycling mana through my body as well, preparing for battle as soon as possible. Taking a peek back, I could see Bairon and the other mounted soldiers slowly trailing behind, but we didn’t slow down.
Please, everyone, be okay, I prayed, until the Castle was almost upon us.
The barrier protecting the flying fortress from the sky had been destroyed, allowing the raging winds to fan the dark flames.
Sylvie easily blasted a hole in the closed loading dock and we landed inside. Thankfully, the layer of mana I had enveloped myself in kept the harmful smoke from entering my lungs. Still, there was a thick blanket of black all throughout the loading dock.
“Let’s go,” I said to Sylvie, who had turned back to her human form.
Taking no chances, I ignited the dragon will inside me. Under Realmheart, my vision became monochrome, highlighting the ambient mana around me. With my enhanced vision and unparalleled mana acuity, it would be impossible for any enemies to sneak up on us even under the heavy smoke and fierce winds shrieking through the openings of the damaged castle.
We spread out about five yards apart, our teamwork seamless through our bond, as we searched collapsed rooms and dark hallways of the lower floors.
We inched through the fractured floors, sidestepping any debris that had been either dislodged from the walls or fallen from the ceiling.
Crashes echoed from above and even around us while the howling winds filling in the gaps of silence made it almost impossible to find any sign of live battle that we could assist in. The only thing we could do was search the premise carefully, taking it a step at a time.
‘Over here,’ my bond conveyed from an adjacent room.
Inside, I could see Sylvie on the ground, hunched over what seemed to be a person partly buried underneath a mountain of rubble. My chest immediately clenched and a wave of panic rose from my stomach until Sylvie reassured me that it wasn’t anyone we knew.

By the fine garment interwoven through thin layers of chain-mail on the corpse’s body, along with the wand just a few feet away, it was easy to deduce that this unfortunate victim was one of the few guards left here.
I rubbed the bridge of my nose, embarrassed and frustrated at how fragile I was, mentally. After taking a moment to compose myself, I inspected the corpse. Through Realmheart, I was able to tell that the fallen mage had died by fire.
With a flick of a wrist, I blew the rubble away to get a closer look at the corpse.
“What the...” I muttered, lifting his clothes.
‘What is it?’
I continued searching but couldn’t find anything. “There aren’t any burn marks.”
“He died from fire?” she said aloud, surprised.
Hearing another crash in the distance, I got up. “Come on, let’s keep moving.”
The two of us continued down the hall, scouring every room in the lower floors, searching for anyone that might still be alive. All we had found were corpses, all burned to death with no apparent wounds to show for it.
‘I don’t understand. Perhaps it’s a fire that burns from the inside?’ Sylvie suggested.
It doesn’t matter at this point. All we need to know is that our opponent uses a fire that doesn’t actually burn the victims physically, I sent back, lifting a fallen wall in search of anyone that I might know.
With the stairs nearly unusable from the destruction, the two of us climbed the levels of the Castle through the various holes in the ceilings. Even with my Realmheart Physique able to spot nearly anything that normal eyes would miss, we were tense. Every corpse we came across, my chest squeezed in angst until we were able to verify it wasn’t anyone we knew.
After searching for several floors, Sylvie and I came across signs of a large battle. Intricate spears of stone jutted from the floor and walls while earthen golems lay scattered on the ground like petrified knights.
‘This...’
Yeah, I know, I interrupted, signalling for her to keep close.
Because of the mana coalesced into the rock spears and conjured soldiers, it took a while to finally find the source responsible for all of this.
I knelt down in front of the elderly dwarf, trying to find a pulse when he suddenly coughed.
“Elder Buhnd!” I exclaimed. I fashioned the ground beneath him into a chair, sitting him up so he didn’t choke on his own blood.
I turned to my bond. “Sylv!”
“On it.” My bond hunched down, laying her hands on my mentor’s chest. A soft light emitted from her palms, absorbing through the dwarf’s clothes and skin.
After ten painstaking minutes of life aether being transmitted into Elder Buhnd, we finally got another reaction.

“Elder Buhnd—hey, come on, stay with me,” I roused, patting his cheek as the dwarf furrowed his brows.
“Arth...ur?” His eyes opened but shut back after a few seconds.

“Yes! It’s Arthur. What happened? Who did this to you?”
He let out a pained groan. “You gotta... get out of here, kid.”
“Don’t spout heroic crap like that, Buhnd!” I snapped impatiently. “Tell me the situation. I need to know what we’re going up against.”
Buhnd, tugged on my mantle, pulling me close. “Listen. The Castle, the Council—it’s finished. If you want to do something for Dicathen, you do so by staying alive .”
“Okay, okay. I’ll be careful, but to do that, I need to know what happened. Was it a retainer? A scythe? What sort of magic was used to put you in this state?”
Feeling the strength in Buhnd’s hand loosening, I turned to my bond. “Sylvie, what’s happening? Why isn’t he getting better?”
Sylvie’s arms trembled as beads of sweat dripped down from her face. “I-I don’t know, but I can’t keep this up.”
I took a step back, inspecting the injured dwarf. Like all of the other corpses we had passed, his body was riddled with motes of red. The wisps of purple that had been emitted into his body by Sylvie were currently combating whatever fire spell that was eating away at his life, but the aether wasn’t healing him. No, it was keeping the spell under control, but the fire spell looked like cancer cells, multiplying and spreading fast.
Unable to hold in my frustration, I let out a guttural scream while smashing a stone spike that Buhnd had conjured. Kneeling back down in front of the dying dwarf, I grabbed his hand.
Once Sylvie stopped her healing magic, Buhnd would start dying again, and my bond knew that as well.
Buhnd put his large hand over mine, squeezing it gently. “I-It’s okay.”
Prying open his eyes once more as if it took every ounce of strength to do so, Buhnd turned his gaze to Sylvie. “Little Asura, can you keep this up for just another minute? I think that’ll be enough to tell you what you need to know.”
My bond nodded, her brows furrowed in concentration.
Ignoring the tears rolling down my cheeks, I pressed my forehead against Elder Buhnd’s forehead. “May you be at peace wherever you are.”
In this life and my previous one, the concept of religion had always eluded me. But as more of my loved ones died, whether that be Adam, my father, or Elder Buhnd, I found myself wishing that I was wrong; that there truly was an all-powerful god and an afterlife where everyone I knew would be at peace, waiting for the rest of us. At the very least, I hoped that they would meet a similar fate as me, reincarnated into a different world to live a new life. If that was the case, I hoped that they would be spared the memories of their past life.
“I’m sorry, Arthur,” my bond whispered, putting a hand on my back.
I shook my head. “It’s not your fault.”

After spending a few minutes conjuring an earthen tomb worthy of an individual such as Elder Buhndemog Lonuid, the two of us moved on.
My dwarven mentor had told me what little he knew about the opponent’s power—the opponent being an actual scythe. Apparently, he wielded a smokey black fire that corrupted whatever it came in contact with. It seemed like another deviant like the black metal spikes that Uto was able to conjure or the black poison that the witch was able to use.
Whether a good thing or not, Elder Hester and Kathyln had left for the Wall before the scythe had infiltrated the Castle, but Alduin and Merial Eralith, along with Tessia and my family, were nowhere to be found when all of this had happened.
It was somewhat of a relief that they weren’t here, but another part of me was even more anxious. Questions rose in my head— if they did escape, where did they go? How did they know that they would be attacked? Or was their timely disappearance just a coincidence?
‘I know it’s hard, but you shouldn’t think about all of that right now,’ my bond sent, conveying her worry. ‘Take this one step at a time. We’ll get through this together, Arthur.’
I gave her a terse nod. I didn’t thank her—I didn’t need to. I was grateful that she was with me throughout everything that I had gone through. I couldn’t even imagine where I would be if I didn’t have her, and she knew that.
The idea of someone knowing almost every thought and emotion that crossed my mind would’ve been disconcerting to me if I didn’t realize how grateful for it I was. Maybe it was just because it was Sylvie, and not someone else, but I was thankful for the link that I had with her.
‘Arthur!’ my bond called out.
Yeah, I know. I saw the mana fluctuation in the near distance. Even without Realmheart, it’d be impossible not to sense the powerful auras clashing.
Bairon’s currently engaging with the scythe, I deduced, seeing that the deviant magic was most present in the atmosphere.
‘What should we do?’
I’m going in. Stay behind and cover me with mana shields.
After receiving the ‘okay’ from my bond, I withdrew Dawn’s Ballad from my dimension ring and coalesced mana through my limbs. I could feel the warmth as the runes running down my arms, legs, and back shined a golden hue. Strength filled every fiber of my body as I dug my heel into the floor.
I knew that using Burst Step would strain my body, but with my experience fighting against Agrona’s personal soldiers, I knew that I had to end it fast if I wanted any chance at winning.
‘Okay. Go!’ Sylvie signalled, layering mana around my body.
I willed the mana to flow down my legs, timed to the millisecond to maximize the burst of strength that I’d receive.
The world blurred before me with that single, mana-enhanced step, as my eyes and brain struggled to collect, translate, and sort the influx of images. If it wasn’t for my reflexes heightened through the usage of internal lightning magic, I would be more likely to kill myself by running into a wall than actually hurt my enemy.
Ignoring the searing pain that ate away at my lower body, I dashed forth, honing in on the towering scythe.
It took me all I could to stop myself short.
The jagged tip of my teal sword stood inches away from the scythe’s throat. I could’ve killed him. I was so close, but I couldn’t.
I stared at the scythe, a flurry of emotions emerging as he looked down at me with an amused expression and spoke.
“You’ve grown.”
I heard Bairon’s voice scream at me from behind but my ears weren’t able to register what he was saying over the blood pounding in my ears.
I tightened my grip around Dawn’s Ballad, unable to pry my eyes away from the piercing red glare of the scythe standing in front of me.
From the two serrated horns curled underneath his ears, the same bloody cape that mirrored his bright red eyes, it was unmistakable. It was him.
It was the same scythe that had killed Sylvia.





Chapter 235
Chapter 235: Wavering Pillar
In my mind flashed scenes over ten years old, when I had first met Sylvia. The few months we’d spent together had formed a bond between us that wouldn’t usually be possible in that short period of time.
Perhaps it was because it hadn’t been that long since I had first come to this world, but to a grown man born into the body of an infant, Sylvia had become my solace. In front of her, I could truly act like myself, and to her—even combining my age from both lives—I was still just a child to her.
To this day, one of my biggest regrets was leaving Sylvia. I was young and weak then, but I still thought about it—what would’ve happened if I had stayed. Would Sylvia be alive today? Would she still be with me now?
At first, I wanted nothing more than to get revenge for her. The message she had imparted onto me about enjoying this life did little to dampen the rage I felt towards the ones who were responsible for all of this. However, as more and more time passed, the thirst for vengeance had slowly quelled.
I had lied to myself in the beginning, thinking I could do nothing about it because I was too weak. So I trained, and trained. I went to school to train and learn, and I even went to Epheotus to learn amongst the asuras. However, being face to face with the one responsible for all of this that very night when Sylvia pushed me through that portal, I felt a stronger sense of guilt than anger.
I was more angry at myself, for how little I thought about Sylvia these days, than I was angry at the scythe in front of me now—the one responsible for Sylvia’s death.
“It’s you,” I seethed, doing everything I could to keep my hands steady. “That night! You were the one that...”
The next words froze in my mouth as I looked behind the scythe against the far wall. It was then that I realized in my spurt of anger, I didn’t even see Virion—deathly pale and sprawled over a pile of rubble—and Bairon, who was flitting in and out of consciousness beside him.
“They’re alive, for now,” the scythe spoke.
I took another step forward, pressing Dawn’s Ballad closer against the scythe’s pale gray throat. An aura of frost surrounded my blade along with compressed gales of wind and electricity as I fed more and more of my mana into my spell.
The scythe remained unfazed as the elemental auras radiated from my weapon just below his sharp jaw, instead, studying me with interest. “It’s impressive to see you wielding mana to such a proficient degree, even if it was due to Lady Syl—”
He shifted slightly, dodging the elemental energy released from my blade with inhuman speed and precision. The castle rumbled once more in protest as its mana-reinforced walls cracked and splintered.
“Don’t you dare say her name,” I growled, preparing to strike again.
Tendrils of mana coiled around me, their intensity mirroring my emotions. The ground underneath me crumbled from the pressure as I swung once more. A teal arc flashed as I swung at breakneck speed.
My opponent stood still though, letting my blade slice right through him—or so I thought.
The gash that my sword had made through his neck smoldered in flames before closing the wound as if it didn’t exist.
Through Realmheart, I was able to tell that he was able to manipulate his black flames to such a high degree that he could become almost intangible.
‘Arthur!’ Sylvie called out through our telepathic link, just arriving.

Sylv! Help Virion! I ordered, my gaze shifting back and forth between Tessia’s grandfather and the scythe just a few feet in front of me.
‘What about you? You can’t beat him alone!’ she replied.
He’s going to die if you leave him like that! I sent, continuing to attack him using not just my sword but every element I had in my arsenal. I launched blades of wind, arcs of lightning, blasts of blue flames, but none of them did anything.
Thankfully, my bond heeded my words. After a moment of hesitation, she ran towards Virion and Bairon.
I did my part as well, at least stalling for time while my bond healed the two of them. I weaved both the ambient and my own mana around my hand to ignite an icy white flame. With the power and control I had gained from my white core, I unleashed the spell, freezing the scythe and everything else within thirty feet.
The seven-foot-tall scythe, clad in gleaming black armor, stood encased in an ice tomb. His pose, even frozen, remained arrogant and nonchalant.
Casting aside any doubt creeping from his attitude, I discharged a ray of lightning at our frozen opponent until the entire premise was covered in an icy mist.
If it hadn’t been for Realmheart, I wouldn’t have been able to see the scythe strike directly at my face.
Damn it! It didn’t work, I cursed.
Still, I was hopeful. Each fight against one of the retainers had left me and Sylvie almost dead. The fight against Uto would’ve killed us if it hadn’t been for the scythe, Seris. But this time was different.
Even against a scythe, beings that were able to use the mana arts only asuras from the basilisk clans were able to do, I was capable of holding my own.
Dodging the scythe’s fire-clad fist, however, made me realize that he seemed to be holding back. There was no time or leisure to think why, only that it was true and I had to capitalize on it.
The world shifted from monochrome into its negative version as I ignited Static Void and time stopped. I ignored the painful stress caused by using this ability and repositioned myself so I was behind him.
I knew this wasn’t enough though. It didn’t matter if he couldn’t dodge my attack when he didn’t need to.
The mana particles in the atmosphere had all been colorless, unable to be used within the void of frozen time, but what did glow all around me were the motes of purple.
Lady Myre had told me that while I could sense aether due to my affinity for all four elements, I might never be able to consciously control them outside of borrowing the power of Static Void.
Still, I tried. As crazy as it sounded, I called out to the floating specks of aether to help me somehow. I shouted, I pleaded, I prayed within the frozen realm and just when I thought nothing would work, some of the particles began congregating around Dawn’s Ballad, coating its blade in a hue of purple.
Afraid that this power would soon dissipate, I immediately released Static Void and swung my aether-clad blade.
Despite stopping time, the scythe had little trouble knowing where I was, as if expecting that I would use Static Void.
What he didn’t expect, however, was that my next attack would be infused in aether.

Dawn’s Ballad flashed in a purple crescent. The very fabric of space seemed to warp around my blade as it passed through the scythe, leaving a large, hollow gash.
The scythe’s look of indifference turned sour as he grunted in pain. He clasped his chest which soon burst out blood.
With that one attack, my mind swam and my arms felt heavy. A chilling pain radiated from my mana core, but I was able to lift my sword just in time to block a strike from a hand clad in black flames.

The scythe gripped the blade of my sword in his blazing hand while his eyes lost all trace of leisure.
I tried to pry my sword away from him to no avail. I didn’t have the strength to use aether again, and even if I did, I wasn’t confident that I could replicate what I had just done.
The bright teal blade of my sword dulled as the black fire spread from the scythe’s hand onto Dawn’s Ballad.
‘Arthur!’ Sylvie screamed in worry. She cast her vivum aether onto me, giving me strength, but it didn’t matter.
I couldn’t do anything as the black flames enveloped my sword and shattered within the scythe’s grasp.
“That is for the injury,” he said quietly, his voice dripping with anger.
I stepped away, putting some distance between us as I gripped the broken hilt of my beloved sword.
To my surprise, however, the scythe didn’t pursue. Instead, he turned to where Sylvie, Bairon, and Virion were. “Your aether arts aren’t strong enough to heal their wounds yet, Lady Sylvie.”
“Shut up!” I snapped, conjuring and condensing multiple layers of ice to craft a sword.
“While I’m confident that I’ll be able to defeat you, I fear this flying castle will collapse in the process of doing so,” he stated, glancing sideways at me. “Relinquish this fortress and I will retrieve the soulfire currently eating away at their lives.”
My body tensed, unwilling to believe him. “You’re just going to let us go?”
I was confident to be able to hold my own against him with Sylvie, but not while Virion and Bairon were here.
“I have already completed my orders, and it has been a long time since a lesser managed to wound me.”
‘Arthur. He’s right. I can’t heal them and I used up a lot of strength earlier trying to save Elder Buhnd.’
Despite my bond’s words, I didn’t lower my guard. With Realmheart still ignited and my sword poised to strike at the scythe, I asked him the question I had been too afraid to hear the answer to. “Are Princess Tessia Eralith, Alice Leywin, and Eleanor Leywin still alive?”
The scythe revealed a smile that sent chills down my spine. “The princess, along with your mother and sister are safe. You’ll find out more later on if you choose to accept my offer.”

The ice sword dissipated in my hand while I released Realmheart. My shoulders slumped from the weight of his words and my chest tightened. Every ounce of strength I had left was used to keep myself up on my feet, instead of on my knees, begging.
My greatest fear had come true. I had never gotten close to anyone in my past life was for this reason. “W-Where are they? What have you done to them?!”
“It’s not my place to tell you,” he said as he made his way over to Virion and Bairon.
***
I flew in silence next to Sylvie who was carrying Virion and Bairon on her scaled back. The Castle got smaller and smaller behind us as we headed back in defeat.
‘Arthur. Your family is going to be okay,’ Sylvie consoled gently.
I clenched my fists to keep them from trembling. I have to save them, Sylv. No matter what, I can’t let what happened to my father happen to them.
‘I know. We’re going to do everything we can.’
We made camp in a remote area a few miles northeast of Etistin by the Sehz River. I knew that if the sight of two lances and the very commander leading the war against the Alacryans were spotted in the state we were in, it would create mass panic.
Getting to work, I built a fire and conjured a stone tent for us while Sylvie began healing Virion and Bairon again. After about an hour or so, both of their breathing had become regular until they were simply asleep. Sylvie and I sat next to each other in front of the fire, lost in the flame’s dance.
It had been a long time since it had been this peaceful, yet I struggled to keep calm. Sitting, doing nothing and waiting made me restless, but we were both at a loss.
Neither of us said anything for a long time. The sun had set, with the fire our only source of light. I prodded at it with a stick, not because I had to, but because I would go crazy if I wasn’t doing something.
“What do we do now?” my bond asked quietly, reading my thoughts.
“Find Tess, Ellie and my mom,” I answered.
My bond turned to me, her bright topaz eyes reflecting the light from the fire. I could feel her uncertainty and despite her best efforts in keeping her thoughts from leaking, I could hear the question she wanted to ask: ‘Is the war over?’
There was a muddled mixture of emotions leaking from her but she was doing everything she could from letting me know what those emotions were.
A pained groan stirred our attentions, turning our heads back towards the tent.
It was Virion. He rubbed his head for a moment before bolting up to his feet. A sinister aura enveloped him as his beast will ignited.
“Virion! Virion! It’s okay!” I consoled, holding up my arms.
Disoriented, the commander took a moment to inspect our surroundings before finally realizing we weren’t at the Castle.
“What... what happen—the scythe!” he gasped. “My son! Tessia! Buhnd! We have to help them!”
I wrapped my arms around Virion, hugging him tight. He struggled, trying to break free from my grasp as he continued frantically telling me that we needed to go back.
And once he had calmed down, Virion wept. The Commander of this war and the very pillar of Dicathen, broke down.
I thought about Sylvie’s unasked question as I embraced Virion, tears lining my eyes as well.
If it wasn’t over, it sure felt like it was. It felt like the Alacryans had won. Not only did it feel like they had won, it felt like Agrona had us practically running into the palm of his hand. I had been arrogant.
What was a mere two mortal lifetimes of experience compared to an ancient asura’s lifetime of intellect and wisdom?





Chapter 236
Chapter 236: Darkening Grey
GREY
“Here.” Lady Vera took a seat beside me, opening a bottle of water before handing it to me. “Drink this and try to calm down.”
I nodded before gulping down the clear liquid. Immediately, my worries, my jitters, and accumulated stresses faded.
“Is something wrong with the water?” she asked, worried.
“N-No. I was just so nervous that it went down the wrong pipe,” I said, taking another gulp.
“Oh, I see. Good, keep drinking. You’ll feel better after drinking all of that and doing some breathing exercises. At this point right now, it’s best you keep your body in top shape.”
I stared blankly at Lady Vera—my sponsor, teacher, mentor and someone akin to an older sister to me. She looked back, smiling in that confident manner that made you feel so safe being on her side.
“You’re almost there, Grey. Just win one more duel and you’ll be the heir apparent until you’re of age to take on the title of king,” she said, leaning in close. “With your skill and talent, this tournament is only a stepping stone for greater things.”
“You’re right.” I steeled myself, thinking back to Director Wilbeck.
To this day, it enraged me how quickly her case had been closed despite the gravity of the situation. It made me suspect that something was going on but in order to confirm this and get to the bottom of everything, I would need the authority of a king.
Like Lady Vera said, this tournament was merely a stepping stone for me to become king and gain Etharia’s backing to launch a full international investigation. I’d find whoever did this and use my full authority as king to make sure that they paid for her death.
“You know that my home country of Trayden and Etharia have signed a treaty recently, but things have been shaky as with all new alliances. I have faith that you’ll become a great king that truly bridges our two countries together, Grey.”
I looked at Lady Vera, hopeful. “You really think so? Even with my background?”
“Your background is under the Warbridge family name, just like mine,” she chastised before her expression softened into a warm smile. “I’ll make sure no one doubts that.”
My chest tightened as tears threatened to surface. Swallowing and sitting up straight, I replied with newfound determination. “Thank you. I won’t let you down.”
“Of course you won’t.” She placed a firm hand on my shoulder. “You’ve guessed by now who your final opponent is going to be, right?”
My fists tightened. “Of course.”
“I know she’s an old friend and you two grew up together, but don’t forget that she threw away everything for this. Forget the rumors surrounding her; no one has forced her to fight—and with her powers, no one can.”
Just as she finished speaking, Lady Vera’s phone chimed.
“Hello? What! Okay, I’ll be there soon,” she said, her voice stern.
“Sorry, Grey, a business partner of mine is here and I need to go outside since he’s not allowed in here. Be sure to finish that water and focus on calming yourself.”
I held up the water bottle. “Don’t worry, I’ll be fine.”
With a tight nod, Lady Vera began speaking again to whoever was on the other side of the phone. As she reached for the door to exit my waiting room, the door swung open, surprising both of us.
“Watch it!” Lady Vera growled at the janitor pulling a cleaning cart.
The thin bearded man dipped his head before stepping out of the way. “My apologies.”
Clicking her tongue, she stepped forward to take a closer look at the man when apparently the person on the other line spoke again.
“I’ll be right there! I want footage pulled up from all angles!” she snapped as she strode away.
The door closed behind the janitor who walked in, his head still lowered beneath his navy uniform cap.
“You really should be more careful, sir,” I warned. “There are a lot of important people in these halls that you don’t want to accidentally anger.”
The janitor didn’t speak. Instead, to my shock, he looked straight at me as he ripped off his thick grizzled beard. What surprised me more was the fact that the janitor’s face began to warp slightly to reveal a face that couldn’t be more familiar.
“N-Nic—”
The janit—no, Nico—clasped his palm over my mouth. “Don’t speak too loudly.”
His hand remained until I confirmed to him that I had calmed down. Wiping my mouth, I spoke to my friend that had been ignoring me for the past few months. “Where have you been? You look terribl—that fake beard... is it an altering artifact? Aren’t those illegal?”
Nico ignored me as his eyes darted around the room. It only took a single glance to tell that these past few months had not been easy for him. His cheeks were sunken and his lips were cracked, showing how little he had cared for his health.
“We don’t have much time before your match against Cecilia,” he said, fumbling through the sanitation cart before pulling out a palm-sized device. “I need you to listen to this right now.”

I pushed the device away. “What is going on, Nico? I know you’re worried about Cecilia but you’ve been ignoring me for the past four months and now you march in here right before my match and distract me like this? What are you trying to do?”
“Please,” he asked, desperation evident in his voice. “Just listen.”
And so I did. Despite having less than an hour before my match against Cecilia, I put on the earbuds together with Nico and began listening.
“Is this... Lady Vera?” I asked, hearing her voice through the device.
He urged me to continue listening and so I did. And as the audio clips continued, it became harder and harder to listen.
“Bullshit,” I spat, pulling the chords out of my ears. “Plans to capture Cecilia during this tournament? What sort of sick joke are you playing at, Nico?”
“It’s not a joke—how could I ever joke about Cecilia?!” he urged, tears lining his tired eyes. “I know Lady Vera has been good to you but this is why. Everything was for this day.”
“Have you gone crazy these past few months?”
“This is where I’ve been these past few months.” Nico pulled up his uniform sleeves and pant legs, showing deep red scars that ran around his wrists and ankles. “I’ve been locked up by our own Etharian embassy because I was trying to break her out of the government facility she’s been held in. I’ve been starved and tortured, but I managed to escape. Since then I’ve been gathering evidence around Vera Warbridge to get you to help me.”
My eyes widened before I shook my head. “No. No, you’re lying. It makes no sense. First of all, why would Lady Vera need to take Cecilia? Trayden and Etharia have an alliance now!”
“That’s specifically why they want it now,” he explained impatiently. “Whoever has control over Cecilia, or what the Traydens refer to her as—The Legacy, has control over the entire two governments.”
I was shaken by the familiar term. The Legacy... that was what that man had called Cecilia as he was torturing me. But I never told Nico that.
“Okay, then how do I play into this? Why would Lady Vera need me specifically rather than any other genius king candidate?”
“Our government has been confining Cecilia for her own protection until she’s officially crowned as a king. The only time she’ll have to appear in public is during the tournaments,” he responded immediately. “And Lady Vera needed you because you’re an orphan. There are strict rules to who can be allowed in the King’s Crown tournaments, especially the final rounds. Lady Vera was only allowed in here because she’s your legal guardian, something that can’t happen with another candidate from an affluent family.”
I mulled over his words for a moment, lost in thought when suddenly, a knock on the door made both of us jolt up.
“Candidate Grey? I’m one of the facilitators here. Lady Vera Warbridge has asked for me to check up on you,” a gruff voice sounded.
I looked at Nico who was panicking. He looked at me with wide eyes, his entire body trembling.
“I’m fine. Please let her know that I don’t want to be disturbed until it’s time for the duel,” I replied loudly.
The facilitator acknowledged my words and dismissed himself, but the two of us waited a few more minutes. I peeked out the door to make sure no one was outside before turning back to Nico. “Look. You’re crazy, but it’s obvious you’ve been through a lot. I’m not going to turn you in, so get out of here safely.”
“Grey,” Nico pleaded, clasping his hands over mine once more. “I’m begging you. I was able to set up a plan with a few friends after I broke free a few weeks ago. Everything is in motion but I need your help if we’re going to escape with Cecilia!”
“ Escape with Cecilia?” I echoed. “Do you even hear yourself right now? We’re competing against each other for the King’s Crown! You’re telling me to throw that all away because you think that there’s some sort of crazy conspiracy going on right now? I saw Cecilia’s last fight; she’s completely fine and healthy!”
“Y-You don’t know what the Warbridge family is going to do to Cecilia once they get their hands on her!” he cried desperately while fumbling through his pockets. “Look! I didn’t want to show you this but this has to prove it.”
I snatched the crumbled picture from his hands, skeptical of his words until I saw who was in the picture. While blurry and hastily taken, there was no doubt that it was Lady Vera talking with a man with a scar running down his face.
“Do you remember him? He’s the one that tried to kidnap Cecilia!” he said, pointing frantically at the blurred man.
“Th-That can’t be... no, it’s not. Nico, this is too blurry to tell. I won’t—I can’t throw out everything I know of and believe in Lady Vera because of one blurry photo,” I responded, handing the photo back to him.
My hands trembled and my heart thrashed against my ribcage. I needed water.
I fumbled with the cap of the clear bottle and took a large gulp. Instantly, I could feel myself calming down, feeling better—stronger, even, and more clear-headed.
Lady Vera was right. I needed to take care of my body by staying hydrated. Taking a deep breath, I turned to Nico. “If what any of what you said to me today is a lie, you could be sentenced to life in prison. As a friend, I’ll pretend this never happened, but you’re out of your mind if you want me to participate.”
Nico fell to his knees, looking up at me in desperation. “Grey! Plea—”
“I’ll help you, Headmaster Wilbeck, and Cecilia the way I’ve been trying to all this time—by becoming king,” I cut him off as I walked towards the door. “Now if you’ll excuse me. My match is about to start.”
The referee—a slim, middle-aged man with a well-trimmed gray beard—was dressed in a formal black suit. He kept his hands behind his back as he spoke sternly. “Will the two finalists step up onto the stage?”
My footsteps echoed as I walked up the marble steps leading onto the square dueling platform, and I could hear her footsteps from the other side as well. The limited audience allowed to be ‘witness’ to this event had been quieted and were anxiously waiting for the next representative of Etharia.
Using the very breathing technique that Lady Vera had taught me, I calmed myself as I stepped up onto the reinforced platform. However, taking one look as my opponent and old friend came up as well, I couldn’t help but shudder.
The very air around her seemed to be filled with electricity as my skin tingled uncomfortably. An aura of pure ki was visible and condensed so densely that I feared not even the sharpest blade could penetrate it.
All it took was one glance to realize how outclassed I was. One glance and I knew that no one in this entire tournament but her ever had a chance to become the next king. Cecilia seemed to know that, as her gaze exuded confidence. She was paler than usual—more sickly—and the dark bags under her eyes showed how tired she was, but her demeanor still spoke of her arrogance.
“In honor of the competition, the two finalists will pay their respects to the reigning king of Etharia, King Ivan Craft,” the referee announced, gesturing towards the highest podium.
I bowed deeply in the traditional manner that Lady Vera had taught me before turning back to my opponent. Cecilia, on the other hand, barely dipped her head before locking gazes with me.
For a moment, time seemed to slow as we exchanged glances. Nico’s words echoed in my mind, wavering my already-diminished confidence. Nico had said from the beginning that Cecilia had been captured by our own government, but I couldn’t believe him. Just from her attitude, Cecilia looked as if she’d chosen to leave him in order to pursue the route of a king... kind of like what I had done.

The referee stepped between the two of us. “Finalists. Show your respects to one another.”
He walked back and I bowed in respect—respect I was never shown back as she kept her chin high and looked down at me. The referee ignored it and signalled for us to ready our weapons.

I unsheathed my weapon, swiping the sword deftly through the air before pointing its gleaming tip directly at Cecilia. I couldn’t afford to lose focus—she was another opponent I had to defeat.
Cecilia’s expression remained unchanged as she elegantly raised an empty hand. In that hand formed a ki weapon in the shape of a rapier. Unlike other ki weapons that I had seen however, its manifestation was near-instant and flawless in detail.
I could hear stifled gasps and murmurs from the audience from just this display. The referee maintained his professionalism by displaying no change in attitude before signalling the technicians to raise the ki barrier.
As soon as the translucent dome soon fully encased the arena, the referee swung down his hand. “Let the duel commence!”
Throwing aside the hesitation clouding my mind, I burst forward, brandishing my ki-clad sword. Years of training with Lady Vera had strengthened my ki pool to an extent that I thought wasn’t powerful enough. While I still staggered just below the average practitioner, with my powerful instincts and sharp reflexes, I was able to utilize every drop of ki I had in my arsenal.
Those same reflexes made me stop mid-dash. Every fiber in my body screamed at me not to get any closer to Cecilia as she remained unmoving.
I felt a bead of sweat roll down the side of my face as I switched tactics, choosing instead to carefully circle around her.
Two things happened near-instantaneously. First, a grimace crossed Cecilia’s pale face. Second, she released a flurry of piercing ki strikes with one stroke.
My eyes widened in shock at the sheer ridiculousness of it all. This wasn’t some fairy tale or fantasy game, but real life. Still, gathering my wits, I managed to weave through the barrage of long-range energy strikes. My legs carried me through Cecilia’s casual onslaught as scores of piercing strikes launched from her ki weapon until I was in range to strike as well.
I feinted a downward strike before pivoting and spinning behind her, catching Cecilia behind her knees.
The attack that was supposed to buckle her and send her to the ground, however, sent a sharp wave of pain down my body instead.
“Weak,” Cecilia muttered under her breath.
I refused to let that get to me. Repositioning myself, I struck Cecilia with a quick set of sweeping attacks faster than the eye could follow.
But none of them could make a dent in the thick shroud of ki enveloping her tiny body.
Cecilia responded, stabbing her translucent rapier down at my feet.
The attack was easy enough to avoid, but what followed was the reinforced ground shattering from the impact of Cecilia’s strike.
Seriously? How is this even fair! I cursed, trying to escape the cloud of debris formed around us. Before I could react, a hand grabbed my wrist and anchored me in place with a strength that seemed nearly impossible for such a small body.
“Is this all that you’ve amounted to even with all of the training you received?” Cecilia taunted, practically sighing in disappointment.
“Shut it!” I spat, jerking my hand free from her grasp. Nico’s statements about Cecilia being held against her will and being forced to compete sounded more and more like bullshit as the duel continued.
Her attitude was just like those candidates from affluent families—haughty and arrogant.
I moved away from the dissipating cloud of debris with rapid steps, just in time to duck under a blast of pure ki.
The barrier surrounding the dueling arena trembled from the impact, widening the eyes of the referee that remained close by.
Moments later, Cecilia shot forward, both hands gripping her ki weapon that was poised to strike. I dodged her first piercing blow, but the aura surrounding her ki weapon was sharp enough to draw blood on my neck.
Cecilia moved in a flurry, her glowing blade turning into an indistinguishable blur of light as she recklessly attacked me.
My first few attempts at parrying her ki weapon resulted in chips forming on my blade—and that was with me reinforcing my weapon with ki.
I ducked, spun, weaved and pivoted at a speed that only I could pull off with such accuracy and timing.
Her attacks her monstrously strong and fast, but her swordplay wasn’t on the same level as mine.
Suddenly, Cecilia’s weapon blinked out of sight as she positioned her now-empty palm directly at my face.
Once again, my body screamed at me that I was in danger, and I reacted by grabbing her outstretched arm and pulling it away while leveraging it to position myself to her side.
Just in time, a cone of glowing energy was released from Cecilia’s open palm, right where I once stood.
“Can all you do is dodge and run away?” she said, her voice apathetic.
Cecilia’s ki-clad elbow struck directly at my sternum, launching me several feet off the ground and knocking the wind out of me.
Before I could even hope to get back up to my feet, I spotted Cecilia sprinting towards me with her newly-formed ki weapon ready.
I desperately tried to reach for my sword, but it was a few inches out of reach. Still, I struggled, trying to claw at the ground to drag my aching body to my only chance at coming out of this alive.

It was too late as Cecilia’s shadow swept over me and I spotted the glimmer of her weapon.
There was nothing more I could do except close my eyes and wait as I was defeated—or in the worst case, killed.
However, the pain never came. Cecilia’s ki sword buried itself into the ground, inches away from my face, and the impact once again destroyed the reinforced ground beneath me.
My opponent smiled, her face close to mine. “That’s once that you would’ve died.”
“Enough!” I yelled. Grabbing hold of my sword that had fallen into reach, I struck Cecilia at her waist using every ounce of ki I could muster at the moment. My blade couldn’t cut through the protective shroud of ki wrapped around her body, but the force did manage to push her away from me.
Cecilia twisted her body, landing nimbly on her feet with a smirk on her face. She was no longer the friend I had grown up with. Nico really was delusional, thinking that everything was forced onto her by the government.
I gripped the sword in my right hand, withdrawing the ki that had been protecting my body. If I wanted to defeat her, I wouldn’t be able to do so by wasting my precious ki on defense.
Noticing this, Cecilia withdrew her weapon, letting the glowing rapier fizzle out of existence.
She got into an offensive stance and gestured for me to come. She didn’t say anything, but didn’t need to. She didn’t even see me as a threat, igniting in me an anger with newfound determination to defeat her at all cost.
Letting out a roar, I imbued ki to my legs in explosive pulses, matching it to my stride. I reached her in three steps at a speed that even caught her by surprise. I swung my sword upward, hoping to at least throw her off balance, but Cecilia stood still and let her ki barrier soak up the brunt of my attack.
Her hand, coated in a thick layer of ki, actually managed to grip down on the sharp edges of my reinforced blade.
She pulled on the sword, pulling me along with it, and slapped me across the face with the back of her hand.
I had managed to protect my face at the last minute but I was still sent tumbling on the ground and my vision swam. Getting back up on my feet, I was immediately met with a barrage of attacks from Cecilia as she swung my own sword at me.
“My trainer was right. You two were dead weights holding me down, especially Nico,” she whispered. “I’m glad I managed to get rid of you both.”
The mention of Nico’s name brought forth another explosive wave of anger. Despite how crazy his conclusions had been, he had done everything because he cared about Cecilia—loved her. For her to spit on those emotions made me mad, despite all of the accusations he had spouted towards Lady Vera.
“Shut up!” I roared. Enveloping my hand in ki, I sidestepped her next downward slash—the end of her attack pattern—and parried the blade so it would get buried in the ground.
Even with my chipped sword, the ki she had embued around it was a strong enough attack to split the reinforced ground and get stuck.
I immediately followed up, delivering a powerful punch across her jaw and another just below her ribs.
My knuckles felt like they had hit a concrete wall, but I managed to make Cecilia stagger for just a split moment. That moment was enough for me to pry my sword out.
At that exact moment, an explosion resounded around the arena, surrounding the entire dueling platform in clouds of dust and debris. I noticed the translucent barrier surrounding the dueling arena quiver before disappearing as screams and shouts of surprise filled the area.
I stood still for a moment, confused at the turn of events until a flicker of movement out of the corner of my eyes.
“This duel is over!” she cried out as she dashed towards me.
She let loose a flurry of swings with her newly-formed ki weapon, unleashing sharp crescents of energy. The attacks bombarded the ground around me, raising even more dust and debris in the already-chaotic situation unfolding. However, I remained focused, wanting to end this duel just as much as she did.
Gripping my sword with both hands, I infused the remaining ki I had left into its blade and prayed for it to endure one more attack. Within the smokescreen of dust obscuring my vision, I managed to spot the faint shadow of Cecilia mid-air.
Her plan to use those flashy attacks to obstruct my view of her might’ve worked on most, but my sharp senses and instincts allowed me to guess her next move.
I let out a primal roar, raising my sword and driving its sharpened tip straight into Cecilia’s shadowed figure with all of my might, clenching my jaw for the impact to come.
Yet the recoil I had expected from clashing with her protective shroud never came.
Instead I watched as my sword slid itself deep into Cecilia’s chest and come stained red out of her back.
I felt her weight falling into me; the warm viscous fluid spilling down my hands and down my arms.
“They... wouldn’t let me... kill myself. I’m sorry... this was... the only way,” Cecilia mustered, her breath ragged.
I let go of my sword, my hands trembling fiercely. “W-Wha—why? How?”
“As long as... I live, Nico will be... imprisoned... used against... me.”
I stumbled back, and Cecilia fell on top of me. To my horror, the blade sunk deeper into her and she let out a pained gasp.
“N-N-No... this can’t be...” I sputtered, unable to even form the rest of the sentence as I choked back sobs forming in my throat.
The dust from Cecilia’s last attack and the explosion around the arena had dissipated as I continued clutching Cecilia. Despite all of the action movies I had seen at the orphanage of the main character dying dramatically, Cecilia’s death was nowhere near the same.
She simply stopped breathing and fell limp. That was it.
“ No! How? What have you done!?” Lady Vera’s voice screamed out from the side.
I turned my head towards the sound of the voice, more out of instinct than as an actual response. To my left were two figures, one male and one female. Both were in military armor, faces covered behind cloth masks. However, the male had taken off the goggles covering his eyes, revealing two different colored eyes.
Perhaps if it had been under any other situation, I would’ve reacted differently. I had found one of the men responsible for Headmaster Wilbeck’s death. I had also just heard Lady Vera’s unmistakable voice behind the mask of the female assailant beside him.
Nico had been right, but that didn’t matter to me right now. I had killed a friend—no, I had killed the woman my best friend loved.
The world turned silent as I stared blankly as the assassin with a scarred brown eye and a green eye pulled Lady Vera away and escape.
I watched as the referee and the judges frantically made their way towards us while guards ran around, trying to control the mayhem.
And from the corner of my eyes, near the very entrance I had come from, I witnessed Nico as his expression crumpled into that of horror and despair.





Chapter 237
Chapter 237: Expired Arrangement
ARTHUR LEYWIN
Long after the sun had set and night crept in, bringing a bitter chill along with it, I sat mindlessly by the fire. Above me, the stars that seemed the same in my previous world and this world glimmered like crystal dust across the horizon.
Virion, like a feeble infant, had fallen back asleep after crying. His body was in a severely weakened state and his mana core had been on the cusp of shattering. Bairon still hadn’t woken up, his injuries from the scythe much more severe than I had originally expected.
Hours must’ve passed since I last moved from my seat as my whirling vortex of thoughts digressed into an empty void. After the anger had fizzled out, the plans to save my family and Tess—the plans for revenge and justice—had all faded.
So I sat on the ground, running my fingers idly through the soft dirt beneath me, no idea where to go from here. The Alacryans now had control over the Castle and with it, the controls to the teleportation gates throughout the continent. It didn’t take a genius to guess that they would plan on taking Xyrus City next before slowly wiping away the forces of Dicathen.
With Virion in the state he was in right now, our side didn’t even have a leader. The lances were scattered and it was only a matter of time before they would be picked off one at a time until Dicathen had no hope of ever retaliating.
The crunch of leaves drew my attention behind me. Sylvie had come out from the earthen shelter I had conjured, but one glance was all it took for me to realize that my bond wasn’t who she appeared to be.
“Let’s take a walk, shall we?” she said, and her voice was the same, but the cadence and pitch were all off.
My heart quickened and I found myself trembling with rage but I wordlessly followed. For five minutes we walked, accompanied only by the snapping of twigs and the crush of foliage under our feet. A flurry of emotions passed through me as I stared at the back of the one responsible for all of the deaths and misery our people had to endure.
My mind raced to think of something to say, to think of something to do.
“Whew!” Sylvie breathed, taking a seat on a fallen log. “Controlling this body even for simple things like walking is hard work.”
I stared at the leader of the Vritra Clan and ruler of Alacrya and fell to my knees in front of him.
Agrona furrowed ‘his’ brows, contorting Sylvie’s face into an expression of surprise and frustration before he quickly relaxed.
“My, what an unexpected turn of events,” he said as I lowered my gaze to the ground beneath him. “Has the hero, and once mighty king, admitted defeat?”
“Agrona,” I said through gritted teeth. “You’ve made your point. Please, let Tessia and my family go.”
“Why?”
I dug my fingers into the dirt. “Because... I accept your deal. I’ll remove myself from this war.”

A chortle made me look up, only to see Sylvie cackling while covering her mouth. “You think our deal still stands, Grey? You were the only unpredictable variable that had even the slightest chance in hindering me, but as you said so yourself, I’ve made my point. Even you—with all of your inherent gifts and advantages—only amounted to this much.”
Sylvie’s eyes, laced in displeasure, stared down at me. “The very fact that you haven’t even told your bond that I’m able to possess her body tells me that even from the very beginning, you were always expecting to lose.”
“Then what... what do you want?” I demanded. “Why did you appear in front of me again?”
“Again, asking questions I have no obligation to answer.” Despite his casual words, his expression was knitted in what seemed like worry. “I don’t expect to have the pleasure of meeting like this again, so... goodbye.”
I scrambled to my feet. “W-Wait, what about my—”
And like that, Sylvie slumped back, unconscious.
Screaming in resentment, I slammed a mana-clad fist into the ground, waking the forest and its inhabitants.
“A-Arthur?” Sylvie called, weary and disoriented. “What’s going on?”
I let the mental barrier—that I had grown increasingly better at fortifying—fall, allowing my bond to read my thoughts and memories unabated.
Still, I made it a point to tell her the truth verbally. “Ever since you broke the seal that Sylvia had placed on you, Agrona was able to take over your consciousness for short periods of time.”
I watched as Sylvie’s skin paled and her expression distorted into disgust. Her mouth opened, as if to ask me a question, then closed because she had found the answer in my mind.
“I’m sorry I didn’t tell you.”
Sylvie walked up to me, her thoughts and emotions blocked, and slapped me across the cheek. My head whipped to the side at the force strong enough to break a normal person’s neck.
“There. We’re even now,” she muttered before wrapping her arms around my waist and burying her head in my chest.
The tears that hadn’t even fallen while Virion mourned for his family spilled down my cheeks as my body trembled. I gripped my bond back tightly, afraid to lose her as well.
I had not only lost, but I had also begged to my enemy on bent knees. Sylvie knew the anger, guilt, sorrow, and humiliation tearing apart my insides and the very fact that she knew and accepted them was enough for me to move on.
Biting my lip until I could taste a warm metallic bitterness, I cried silently, the crystal dust above us shaky and blurred.
Sylvie and I had eventually returned to our camp later that night. The two of us stayed together outside, guarding the shelter that Bairon and Virion were sleeping in.
At one point, I must’ve fallen asleep because Sylvie sent a sharp mental probe, telling me to wake up. My eyes snapped open and I got up, only to see Virion and Bairon having a heated argument while Sylvie put herself between them.
“We have to go back! Our troops need us, Commander!” Bairon growled, struggling to stay up on his own two feet.

“And do what? It’s too late,” Virion snapped, leaning against the earthen tent for support. His eyes turned towards me, noticing that I was awake. “Good, Arthur, we should get ready to leave.”
“Leave? Where?” I asked, confused.
“Our Commander says that the war is lost,” Bairon retorted. “Most likely, the injury from fighting the scythe had rendered him incapable of leading.”

Virion cast a harsh look at the lance before speaking. “The war is lost. With the Castle in their hands, they have access to all the teleportation gates throughout the continent. It’s only a matter of time before they’re able to figure out how to fully control it.”
“So what did you have in mind?” I asked Virion.
Virion’s knees buckled, toppling forward until Sylvie caught him.
“Thank you,” he said to my bond before turning to me. “Camus, Buhnd, Hester, and I, along with a few other trusted friends constructed a shelter to take refuge, just in case disaster fell—although no one would’ve expected an outcome like this.”
The thought of Elder Buhnd sent a sharp pain through my chest but I swallowed it. “Where is it?”
“You can’t be serious,” Bairon interrupted. “You are a lance. We have a duty to uphold for our people. Are we going to abandon them and leave them all to die by the Alacryans?”
“We’re not abandoning anyone!” Virion snarled, his patience wearing thin. “But going back into battle and risking the death of myself and any of you three would leave no hope for the future!”
“The future...” my bond echoed.
“Yes! The future. We need to recoup if we ever want a chance to take back Dicathen,” Virion continued.
Bairon’s shoulder slumped and for the first time, the lance seemed fragile and vulnerable. “So... there’s nothing we can do right now to win this war?”
“Our best chance is for us to stay alive and gather the lances,” Virion replied, looking sincerely pained.
‘What do you think we should do?’ Sylvie asked, knowing that my thoughts were still filled with Tessia and my family.
I let out a sigh before staring at the two of them with a hardened gaze. “Sylvie and I will take the two of you to wherever this secret shelter is but after that we’re going to look for my mom, my sister, and Tess.”
“Arthur... “ There was a tangible distance in Virion’s voice as he said my name, a hollow and almost pained sound.
I shook my head, holding up my hand. On my middle finger was a plain silver ring that Vincent had given me and my mom. “This is an artifact connected with a ring that my mother has. It’s my only hope and I can’t leave her knowing that there’s still a chance she’s alive.”
I had kept it off during the war, but through the connection between the two rings and the fact that she and my sister both had the Phoenix Wyrm pendant, it was possible. And that the ring hadn’t activated because she was still alive... not because she had taken it off.

“I’ll direct Dicathians that I meet back to the shelter during my search, but I need to do this,” I finished.
“I understand,” Virion whispered, closing his eyes.
Quietly, I got to work, destroying the earthen shelter and erasing all signs that we had ever stopped here to rest.
“So... where is this shelter, Commander Virion?” Bairon asked.
Virion used a nearby twig to draw a rough map of Dicathen, indicating our position with a circle. “The refuge that we had found is near the southern coast of the Kingdom of Darv, just along the Grand Mountains—”
“Found?” I cut in. “I thought you said you and the elders had built it.”
“Most of what seemed like a man-made cave already existed. We just built on top of it and hid it more thoroughly,” he added.
“Well, how are we going to traverse the near-thousand miles it’ll take to reach this shelter? We can’t fly; it’s too dangerous,” Bairon noted.
“You’re right. And it’ll be just as risky to try and take a teleportation gate to a city within Darv. Should we wait until nightfall?”
“How about this,” I suggested, drawing a jagged line running through Sapin. “We’re about an hour hike away from the Sehz River that flows all the way down through Darv and into the ocean. We’ll take the river down until nightfall and travel the rest by sky.”
“There are cities built along the Sehz though,” Sylvie countered. “Won’t we be a bit noticeable traveling on the water?”
“Who said anything about on the water?”
***
“This is... fascinating,” Virion marveled as we watched various aquatic animals and mana beasts pass by from the top of Sylvie’s back. We surged through the water, away from discerning eyes, while I concentrated on the multiple layers of spells I had to continually manage in order to make all of this possible.
I had to create two pockets of air, one over Sylvie’s back to allow Virion, Bairon, and I to breath and stay dry, and another encompassing Sylvie’s large draconic head. While we weren’t submerged deep enough to have to worry too much about the water pressure, it did mean that keeping the air pockets stable was quite a bit harder.
With the aid of water magic to push us faster and a fin made of mana that Sylvie had fashioned at the end of her tail, we were making great distance.
Virion was able to take this new mode of transportation in stride, but the same couldn’t be said for Bairon. The poor lance had latched himself so tightly onto Sylvie’s back that, even through her tough scales, she complained to me about the pain.
“How did you even think of such an idea as traveling underwater?” Virion asked, twisting left and right to see all around him. For a moment I was able to see the old Virion that I had grown up with back when I had first shown up in Elenoir with Tessia.
“Did you forget that I’m pretty smart?” I asked, avoiding his question.
We stayed fairly deep in the water except for the times that we had to replenish our air pockets. After the initial amazement had worn off, the four of us traveled in silence, brooding in our own minds with little desire to converse. Sylvie and I still conversed telepathically but even those conversations dwindled as each of us succumbed to our own thoughts of the bleak future.
The water around us began to darken as the sun fell, indicating to us that we’d be able to resurface soon.
Without taking a break, the four of us launched out of the lake and into the purple and deep blue sky.
Will you be okay flying with them on your back? I asked Sylvie, jumping off of her back. Virion and Bairon were both still barely able to use mana after their fight against the scythe.
‘I’ll manage,’ she replied, beating her powerful wings to accelerate.
I followed alongside them, flying on my own to lessen her burden. I watched as the land below us began turning into the desert as we crossed the border into Darv. I took one last look back, trying not to think about the battles going on and the chaos spreading for our troops as they were left without their commander.





Chapter 238
Chapter 238: Hidden in Sand
“Here! We have to land here!” Virion cried out as we hovered over the vast deserts of Darv.
“There’s nothing here though!” Bairon argued, his head turning left and right.
Even I looked around, shielding my eyes from the sharp gusts of wind, but below were just a few odd boulders and lots and lots of sand.
Back when we had been flying above the clouds, it was easy to spot our relative location using the various peaks of the Grand Mountains as our compass, but now it was impossible to see the range of mountains because of the thick sand-carrying winds.
Sylvie descended and I followed behind them until we landed on the soft ground.
“Flying through that was... tough,” Sylvie muttered after switching to her human form. She wore all black like she usually did, but her scales had turned her outfit into a thick shawl that covered most of her face and body to combat the harsh winds.
“You did well, Lady Sylvie,” Virion said as I quickly covered his body in a thick layer of mana. “Most aerial mana beasts can’t last against the winds this far south.”
“Well I’m not a mana beast,” Sylvie rebutted with a raised brow.
“Ah—My apologies...” Virion replied.
“Come on. Let’s find this refuge of yours,” I said to him, gesturing for him to take the lead.
Virion pointed at a tall boulder that looked almost like an ancient column of some sort. “We have to head over there.”
“That thing?” Bairon pointed, his expression muddled with confusion. “It’s a bit conspicuous for a top-secret refuge shelter, isn’t it?”
“That thing isn’t the shelter, it’s the landmark Buhnd had to make to keep track of the shelter’s location,” Virion corrected, walking forward.
The rest of us followed towards the giant pillar that was riddled with scars from the sand-infused winds that were so prevalent here.

“We start from here,” Virion stated, pointing to a deep gash in the center of the pillar. “With your heel against the pillar, we take 35,651 steps forward.”
Bairon, Sylvie, and I exchanged glances before looking back to Virion. “Really? This is the only way to find the shelter?”
“For now, yes,” Virion answered. “The shelter itself branches off into various tunnels that haven’t been explored, though, so I’m hoping that more entrances can pop up.”
Sylvie nodded in agreement. “If this is the only way to get to the shelter, it’ll be almost impossible to bring normal civilians here discreetly.”
Virion let out a sigh with downcast eyes. For him, this shelter was most likely his last chance in having any hope at redemption against the Alacryans. If this plan only amounted to us and a few others being able to make it to the shelter, there was no point.
“Well, we’ve come all this way. Let’s go to this shelter first before we come to any conclusions,” I interjected, putting on the most confident expression that I could muster.
And so we began our trek through the desert. Unable to fly or use any shortcuts with magic, Virion was forced to walk heel to toe while I kept count.
It was a rough journey that usually would’ve taken days of preparation to even try. However, in a group with two lances, a silver core mage, and an asura, we were able to get by.
Fresh water, that would’ve been impossible to come by, was extracted from the clouds every so often to replenish ourselves, and our near bottomless pit of mana was able to keep us safe from the cold desert air and sharp winds.
“I can take over from here, Commander,” Bairon said on step 10,968.
“No. Your foot sizes are different,” I cut in. “It’ll throw us off.”
Bairon shot me a quick glare in response to my curt interjection, but I ignored him and signalled Virion to continue walking. We travelled in silence and with my concentration solely focused on Virion, even Sylvie blocked her mental link so she wouldn’t have to hear me monotonously counting numbers in my head.
Our journey was a long and tedious one, but the counting helped my mind from wandering and overthinking. I focused on keeping track of our steps, slowing my pace to be just behind Virion’s heel-to-toe gait.
We did stop every now and then so that Virion and Bairon could stretch and rest. The two were still recovering and while their bodies had healed, the trek through the sands were still taxing for the two of them. With our feet sinking almost shin-deep with every step, it took a lot more strength to walk here than it did on flat ground.
Sylvie checked the state of their damaged mana cores every now and then to make sure they were okay, but it seemed like the only way they’d be able to recover would be by giving them time to rest.
Virion had come to terms with his injuries, but I would hear Bairon grunt in frustration every now and then after failing to use mana to the degree that he had grown used to. Virion could barely even coat his fist in mana, while Bairon was only able to shroud his body. Neither of them were able to utilize elemental magic.
After another ten thousand steps had gone by, I noticed that Virion had gotten slower. Looking up, I noticed that his body was shivering.

“Virion,” I called out, gripping his arm. I immediately sent a wave of heat and I could see blood rushing back to his pale face. “Let me know when you’re getting cold.”
“T-Thank you,” he replied with a weary smile. “And don’t worry, I’m okay.”
I watched as he walked on. His once broad shoulders seemed so narrow and weak as he hunched forward. For the first time, Virion actually appeared... old.

We continued marching through the desert, illuminated softly by the pale moon and stars. Afraid to even cast a light in the off chance that a scythe or retainer was nearby, we walked in darkness for hours on end until finally, I had reached the last number.
“We’re here,” I announced skeptically. Around us was only sand, as far as my mana-enhanced vision could see.
Bairon, Sylvie and I all looked at Virion. Our commander was bent down, sweeping his arm that was holding a white pentagonal medallion etched with designs that I couldn’t make out from this far.
“What is that?” I asked, curious.
“I’m not sure exactly what it is, but we found several of these inside the Castle when we first discovered it. It seems to be a relic from the wise mages of the past,” Virion answered, not taking his eyes off the sandy ground.
Bairon let out a gasp. “You mean the same ancient mages that had built both the floating city of Xyrus as well as the Castle?”
Virion nodded as he continued to walk in circles, waving the white medallion in his hand as if it were a magnifying glass.
I raised a brow at Bairon’s unusual tone of admiration, but said nothing. I’d heard about the ancient mages now and again. Much of the previous artifacts that helped the Dicathen civilization grow came from the ancient mages. It’s safe to say that without the teleportation gates, and the mana-rich atmosphere of the floating city of Xyrus, much of Dicathen’s lands would’ve been untamed.
Across my readings back when I was a child in this world, artificers and researchers all believed that the ancient mages had either discovered the technology to transport themselves to another world, or had wiped themselves off the face of the world while conducting a large-scale experiment of some sort.
Based on the lack of evidence that suggested either of these two things, it seemed that the researchers of Dicathen had more or less given up on finding out what had happened to our ancestors and slapped on a reasonably logical conclusion.
After a subjective hour of searching, Virion let out a frustrated grunt. “It’s not here.”
“What do you mean it’s not here?” I asked. “You said that taking 35,651 steps straight while facing away from that gash on the boulder would lead us to the shelter.”
“I know what I said!” he snapped.

“Well, maybe the wind blew the boulder back from its original position,” Bairon suggested, impatience laced in his voice.
“Not likely.” Virion shook his head. “Buhnd exhausted almost all of his monstrous mana core to make sure the boulder was large enough and was buried deep enough so that the sand and wind wouldn’t shift its position.”
I scratched my head in frustration. “Then what do we do?”
“I don’t think we have a choice... but to start over again,” Virion muttered.
Frustration turned to anger as my patience reached its limit. “No. We just wasted the better half of a day counting our footsteps because you wanted to find this refuge shelter. There has to be another way to get in.”
“Well there isn’t !” he shot back, walking towards me with a piercing hot gaze. “You think I want to be out here after my entire family was taken from me? Huh? If it was solely up to my wants, I’d much rather march with my men, face a scythe and die in battle—then, at least I would feel like I’d done what I could to avenge them. But that’s not what a leader does, Arthur. When everyone else has given up, I’m the one that has to hold onto any semblance of hope and fight for the future!”
He stabbed a long, fragile finger into my chest as he snarled out his last words. “So don’t you dare say this is what I ‘want’.”
I stood there, speechless, as Virion walked weakly away. Bairon’s expression mirrored my own while even the howling winds quieted.
“Wait,” Sylvie said, breaking the silence. My bond turned to me. “I noticed this earlier but I couldn’t quite figure out what I was feeling. I think the artifact that Virion is holding influences... aether. Arthur, can you activate Realmheart?”
I did as she asked, thrilled at the prospect of not having to take this arduous hike again. Igniting Sylvia’s dragon will, I felt a sharp pain spread out of my core and through my body and limbs from the backlash of overusing my mana and even using aether arts during my battle with the scythe.
However, as my vision shifted to monochrome and specks of color began lighting up the world around me, my heart thumped in excitement. Amidst the tiny motes of yellow, green, blue, red, and purple, I found something in the distance.
We must’ve shifted off course during our hike here because just less than a mile to my left was a clump of purple that shone like a beacon.
I felt my lips curl up into a crazed grin. “I found it. I found it!”
Sylvie’s eyes brightened at my words and thoughts. She immediately transformed into her draconic form and plucked both Virion and Bairon from the ground with her front claws.
I flew ahead just above the ground, blasting a trail of sand behind me as Sylvie followed close behind.
With our destination locked in sight, it only took a matter of minutes to reach the circular array of purple motes that represented aether.
“It’s here,” I said, pointing directly to the center of the array.
Virion hurriedly scrambled to me, holding the artifact tightly in his hands. He arrived and immediately knelt down, placing the white artifact over the sand with an expression of relief.
“You’re right. This is the place,” he said, looking at the white medallion on top of the sand.
Bairon arrived too, his brow raised in doubt. “Nothing is happen—”
Cutting the lance off mid sentence, the medallion began to vibrate. Even more amazingly, its vibrations caused pulsating waves in the sand around it, spreading several yards out in all directions. The pulses got stronger until the rolling sand soon formed small waves.
Sylvie and I exchanged wary glances but before we could do any more, the ground below us sank until we fell through the sand.





Chapter 239
Chapter 239: Passage Of Time
Instinctively, I shrouded myself in a sphere of wind, keeping the sand away as I gently floated down to the ground. Sylvie did something similar as I saw a black sphere slowly melt to reveal a petite girl with two large horns.
Virion and Bairon, with their cores damaged and their magic widely unusable, didn’t fare as well.
Fortunately, Virion was at the epicenter of our descent so he slid down the large mountain of sand that had accumulated below him. Bairon, a figure whose lightning magic was so powerful that it heightened his reflexes, rolled down the sand dune in a fit of desperate screaming and coughing.
He flailed his arms like a drowning puppy before he realized he was on solid ground. Virion shook his head while Sylvie turned away to hide her laughter.
Bairon spat out a mouthful of sand while glaring at me with dagger-like eyes. “You! Should a lance be so selfish as to leave his... commander to plunge down into unknown dangers like that?”
“The only one that thought they were in danger was you,” Virion countered, dusting the sand off of his robe.
It was the first time I saw Bairon’s cheeks flushed in embarrassment. He quickly bolted up to his feet, wiping his sandy mouth and tongue on his sleeve as he coughed. His spiteful glare never ceased as he did this but Bairon and I both knew that he couldn’t do anything about it. With the state he was in right now, I could kill him with a slap—not that I’d want to, of course.
“Everyone,” Sylvie said, her voice echoing slightly. “Look around.”
Her words brought our attention to the mysterious underground tunnel we were in. I looked around and I finally realized that for a place without any sources of light, it was surprisingly easy to see.
“Are those glowing symbols runes? I’ve never seen anything like them,” Bairon muttered in wonder as he hovered his hand over a rune that pulsed with faint light on the wall. “It must be runes, but I don’t sense any fire or lightning affinity mana around them.”
Sylvie brushed her hand over the runes that seemed too perfect to be engraved by hand. “That’s because it isn’t powered by mana.”
Bairon furrowed his brows. “What? That’s impossible.”
“No, she’s right,” I said, cycling Realmheart Physique through my body once more. Sylvie’s thoughts had leaked onto me and I just had to verify it for myself. And to my utter amazement, the entire cave lit up like a starry night, basking the area in purple. “It’s powered by aether.”
My mind spun as I tried to make sense out of this revelation. I ran the conversation I had with Sylvie’s grandmother, Lady Myre, in my head again. Everything she had told me about aether being an entity that couldn’t be manipulated like mana—but rather, influenced or coaxed into action—went against what was going on in front of me. Aether wasn’t something that could be confined and used so permanently like this, yet it was clear as day that someone or something had figured out how to do so.
“Let’s continue walking,” Virion announced, taking the lead. “There’s more of this down here.”

Prying my eyes away from the runes that filled these walls, we continued to walk. Much like in the desert above us, the air here was dry and stale. The only sounds came from our footsteps echoing through the tunnel that led out of the cave we had arrived through.
It couldn’t really be called a tunnel, though, as the smooth, polished floors and light coming from the runes made it seem more like a narrow hallway. The ceiling above us continued to rise as we made our way down the hallway, soon reaching so high that it became lost in darkness.
Despite Virion’s familiarity with this place, I couldn’t help but be cautious. My eyes darted left and right, looking for anything odd, but except for the unusually high concentration of aether gathered here, there was nothing off about this place.
‘You’re feeling uneasy here as well,’ Sylvie noted, sticking close to me.
I think it’s just because of all the aether here, and the runes that are practically trapping them to use as light. I thought aether only influenced time, space, and life?
‘I suspect that the walls aren’t just made of stone but some sort of living thing,’ she responded.
I carefully touched the walls for the first time, and realized that Sylvie was right. It wasn’t stone, like I had assumed—it felt more like a smooth tree trunk.
So aether is giving this... tree... life? I guessed.
‘Your guess is as good as mine at this point. I may be able to utilize aether but you can at least see the ambient mana; I have to go by my gut feeling.’
We continued walking in silence. The straight passage seemed to go on forever, with no end in sight. Despite the scores of runes on the walls, the lack of variation amongst them made it impossible to tell how long we’d been walking.
“How far away are we from reaching the actual shelter?” Bairon asked, unable to hold in his impatience any longer.
“I’m not sure. It hasn’t been long since we arrived so be patient,” Virion replied.
Bairon’s eyes widened. “Not long? Commander, It feels like I’ve been walking for nearly the entire day! I think the journey to find this underground tunnel was shorter.”
“Bairon, aren’t you exaggerating too much? I’d hardly be this fine if we had to walk that long without using mana,” Virion argued.
I tilted my head in confusion. He was right; Bairon might’ve been exaggerating but it did feel like I had been walking for quite some time. Yet, Virion, the one that was the weakest amongst us was doing just fine.
Sylvie, how long have you been walking for? I asked, turning on Realmheart once more.
‘Not more than an hour... wait, a few hours has passed for you?’ she asked, surprised.

I nodded. Sylvie, can you try utilizing aether?
Reading my thoughts, she replied, ‘But I can’t use it to control time.’
I know. I don’t think you have to, though.

Taking a deep breath, Sylvie began calling upon the ambient aether. Her body began glowing in the faint purple light she gave off while using vivum to heal herself and her allies.
Immediately, the surreal sensation akin to falling in your dream tugged at my body. And then, as if I had really woken up, an indescribable clarity spread through my vision.
‘Arthur, look behind you,’ Sylvie said, shaken.
I looked back to see that our hike of varying length down this hallway had only taken us thirty steps forward from the cavern we had arrived in.
Noticing the change in my expression, Bairon turned around. I couldn’t see his face, but judging by how his shoulders tensed and he took a step back, I knew that he was even more shaken up than Sylvie and me.
“Th-That’s impossible. I’ve been walking for hours. How—what is going on?” Bairon demanded, turning back around and shifting gazes between me and Sylvie.
“My best guess is that these runes carry in them the power of aevum and spatium,” I explained, my eyes turning to the mysterious and intricate runes carved into the walls.
“Aevum and spatium?” Virion asked.
“Time and space aether arts,” Sylvie answered, her brows knitted in confusion.
Bairon shook his head. “No, that makes no sense! Shouldn’t these time and space ‘aether arts’ affect us all the same way? How is it that Commander Virion only felt like he’d walked for an hour while it feels like I’ve been journeying for more than a day!”
I thought for a moment, looking around until my eyes landed on the white medallion.
“Because of that.” I pointed to the ancient artifact in Virion’s hand. “This ‘trap’ seems more like a precaution used to give whoever built this place enough time to react to intruders, rather than a full-on measure to stop them. And I’m guessing that having the artifact is enough to make passage a little easier.”
“That doesn’t explain why you two weren’t affected,” Bairon retorted, obviously upset.

I looked at my bond. “Most likely, it’s because Sylvie is naturally inclined to aether that she experienced only minor effects. For me, I can only guess it’s because I’m sensitive to aether that I was still affected but not nearly as much as you.”
After a long moment of silence, Bairon accepted the answer with a click of his tongue.
“Come on. Let’s continue,” Virion urged. “With Lady Sylvie using aether, the effects of the time and space aether doesn’t seem to affect us.”
We continued walking cautiously with Sylvie in the lead as she continued utilizing aether.
My brain pounded against my skull as I tried to wrap my head around what exactly had happened. It was easy to deduce all of the things that I had said, but so many more questions popped up in my head.
How had the ancient mages succeeded in harnessing aether arts to such an extent that they could devise traps like this? Was the time and space manipulation isolated to each person individually, or were we in some contained area?
Were the Indrath Clan’s teachings about aether wrong? Did these ancient mages originate from the Indrath Clan—and like the Vritra Clan, flee from Epheotus due to a difference in beliefs? Or were these ancient mages actually lessers that had learned how to harness aether?
As my mind swam in these questions, I continued to look behind us to make sure we were actually making progress. Bairon did so as well, even more on edge than everybody else. After a while, something luminescent appeared in the distance. A bright glow that didn’t pulsate like the glowing runes around us grew larger as we approached it.
“Finally!” Bairon muttered from the back.
He wasn’t the only one relieved. With the hope of an end finally within sight, our strides became longer and our steps more confident until we finally reached the end of the corridor. The hallway opened into a massive cavern with an elegant coved ceiling carved from the natural stone and sanded down to perfection. Pillars, the width of at least three grown men linking arms, supported the huge underground structure. Bright orbs of warm light lining the walls exposed the awe-inspiring expanse in front of us.
On the one hand, it reminded me of the cavern systems that the dwarves had made for their underground cities, but at the same time, those crude structures couldn’t even begin to describe the splendor and architectural meticulousness of this place.
My eyes immediately took in the cavern large enough to hold a small town and the various tunnels that led out of the cavern. Running through the entire expanse was a large stream that glimmered, reflecting the lights of the cavern. There were several multileveled structures on either side of the stream and bridges that crossed the width of the stream at various points along the cavern.
What caught my attention, however, was the flickering light that I spotted in the second level of one of the buildings just by the stream.
Sylvie and I exchanged glances, understanding each other with just a thought. I turned back to Bairon, who was still taking in the sight in front of us, and Virion, who was catching his breath.
Without saying a word, I got their attention and pointed to the only building with a light. Virion and Bairon’s expression both grew fierce, all signs of fatigue replaced by a guarded grimace.
Being the strongest of the group, I took the lead as we descended the set of stairs leading to the ground. We weaved silently through the empty stone structures that seemed like a home.
I took a mental note for myself to explore these buildings later on if I had the chance to see if I could find any sort of clue on these ancient mages. However, our goal was to find out who had lit a fire this far below the ground in a secret location.
Arriving at the building, I could hear the quiet mutters of several voices but the windows were covered by glass and even with enhanced hearing, I could barely make out how many voices there were.
Gesturing everyone to lean in close, I whispered to them. “I hear at least three different voices, but assume there are more than that.”
After receiving a nod from Sylvie, Bairon and Virion, we circled the perimeter until we found the entrance to the building. There wasn’t a door so we inched closer, keeping our backs against the wall until we were just beside the opening that led into the building.
I held up five fingers and slowly counted down. Once my last finger fell, I pivoted to face the entrance with mana coiled around my body.
I had expected to meet a guard keeping watch, and I was right... mostly.
My eyes widened and my jaw fell. “Boo?!”





Chapter 240
Chapter 240: Reconciliation
The towering dark-brown bear fur, the tuft of white on the chest, along with two spots of white just above two intelligent eyes—it was unmistakable. This was Boo.
Boo must’ve been thinking the same thing I was, because the thousand-pound bear charged at me on all fours, letting out a happy grunt.
With unabated force, the gigantic mana beast tackled me, lifting me off my feet and tossing me to the ground. Looming over me, Boo revealed a toothy grin before slobbering me with his tongue that was actually larger than my face.
I struggled under the mana beast’s weight as he pinned me down to the ground and continued to show his affection. “Boo—Ack! Stop! Okay! Enough!”
“I think he’s had enough, Boo,” my bond said, her voice calming the excited beast enough for me to escape.
“I feel violated,” I groaned, wiping off the thick and slimy mask of saliva that had accumulated over my face. It wasn’t until halfway through that my brain clicked. If Boo was here...
I grabbed Boo’s large, furry head and turned him to face me.
“Boo! Is Ellie here? What about my mom?! How did you get here?” I asked, as if he could speak to me.
Fortunately, he didn’t have to. My questions were answered when I saw Virion rush past us in a blur.
“Tessia!” he called out, his voice brimming with emotion. My grip around Boo loosened at the mention of that name, and I immediately followed after Virion.
I didn’t have to go far before I was able to see four figures at the base of the stairs near the far wall of the building. It was my mom, sister, Tessia and... Elder Rinia.
My long and hurried strides slowed as my vision blurred. Tears struggled to break loose as I saw Tessia fall into Virion’s arms. The sight of Ellie running towards me was enough to break me and I found myself arm in arm with my baby sister, my face buried in her short brown hair.
My sister’s entire body shook as she bawled into my chest. Hitting me weakly with her tiny, trembling fists, she blubbered in between sobs about how scared she was and how I wasn’t there.
It felt like a cold hand was gripping down on my chest as I watched my sister in this state. I felt guilty for making my sister, who had grown up so bright and strong, cry this much.
“I’m so sorry, Ellie. I’m so sorry. I’m here now, everything is going to be okay,” I said, tightening my grip around her frail body and kissing her on the crown of her trembling head.

“W-We almost died and you weren’t there. Y-Y-You’re... never there! Not at the Castle, not at the Wall, not even when Dad died!” She wailed, her fists still pounding my body. “You’re my brother, you’re supposed to be there! You were supposed to comfort me when Dad died! I-I needed you... Mom needed you!”
“I’m sorry. I’m so sorry, Ellie,” I repeated, doing all I could to stay strong. “I’m so sorry...”
Ellie slowly calmed down as her head remained buried in my chest. Her trembling shoulders now only occasionally shook when she hiccupped. During this time, I didn’t look up. I kept my focus entirely on my sister until she pushed herself away. Staring at me with swollen red eyes, she jutted a finger behind her. “G-Go apologize to Mom now.”
I looked up to find our mother only a few steps away from us, her expression hollow and empty of any emotion. Her warm and tender smile that I found even in the hardest of times was nowhere to be found.
I walked up to her, unsure of what to do or where to begin.
“M-Mom...”
My mother’s cold eyes cut me off as she took a step forward. “Arthur, your sister and I almost died. If it wasn’t for Elder Rinia saving us, we wouldn’t be here right now.”
My gaze turned to Elder Rinia, who was talking with Tessia and Virion, before landing back on my mother. “I-I...”
“But throughout that entire situation, when I thought that surely we would die—soon, if not now—do you know what I was thinking?”
I shook my head.
“I was thinking...” My mother paused a moment, her mask of stone wavering. Tears welled in her eyes while she bit her lower lip in an effort to keep it from trembling. She turned away from me, quickly wiping away her tears, trying to compose herself before turning back. “I was thinking the entire time how sad and guilt-ridden your father must’ve been to leave this world without even getting the chance to make up with his only son.”
Her words weighed down on me like a thousand tons, making my knees buckle and my entire body falter. Just as I lost strength in my legs, my mother wrapped her arms around me and supported me against her chest.
Her trembling hands gripped me as she whispered. “It doesn’t matter who you were before. I raised you when you were little, I nursed you when you were sick, and I watched as you grew into the man you are today. Your father and I talked for a long time, and we can say with certainty that the Arthur now is so different from who he was when he was born, and that’s when we realized that you are our son.”
The strength left my feet, crumpling me to my knees. I gripped my chest as my breathing came out in strained gasps. I couldn’t breathe, I could only gag out the neverending sobs as my mother kept her arms around me.
“I’m so sorry that it took us so long to realize that. I’m so sorry that you couldn’t come to your own father’s funeral because of me. I’m so sorry, Arthur.”
***
It took a while for us to gather ourselves and get settled up on the second floor of the building. During this time, I noticed that the atmosphere was a bit tense between Tess and Elder Rinia.
The rest of us newcomers had picked up on this as well, exchanging wary glances at each other while Tess ignored any efforts by Elder Rinia to start a conversation.

Once we got upstairs, Elder Rinia pulled aside Virion with a grave expression and disappeared into another room. After some time spent talking with my mother and sister, I properly greeted Tess and the two of us embraced silently for a brief moment.
Tess, however, seemed to have something else on her mind and I didn’t blame her. While I didn’t have the courage to ask directly, just based on the hollow expression that Tess had, I suspected something had happened to her parents. As for why she was so angry at Elder Rinia, I could only speculate.

Tess, not long after we sat down, excused herself, telling us she was a bit tired. Bairon was next, telling us he wanted to spend some time meditating to recover.
I told him that because of the lack of the ambient mana here, it would be almost impossible to go further than trying to recoup the mana he would naturally gain from his mana core, but I suspected that he left more to give me and my family some space. While my impression of Bairon had never been good—and I think he could say the same for me—the lance had come a long way from the prideful hotheaded noble he was before the war.
Finding myself with just my family, I couldn’t help but crack a smile. Before today, I would’ve sworn that being in a situation like this would’ve rendered me catatonic, but it was... peaceful.
“You’re so pretty, Sylvie,” Ellie commented, combing my bond’s long wheat hair with her fingers.
“I think you’re very attractive yourself, Eleanor,” Sylvie responded in kind, her eyes closing softly at my sister’s soft touch.
“Another thing I regret was not spending much time getting to know your bond,” my mother said to me, watching Ellie and my bond by the fire. “But I’ve always been glad that Sylvie is by your side.”
“I’m glad as well. I’m not sure where I would be if it hadn’t been for her,” I replied.
My mother’s expression was a mixture of emotions as she looked at me and nodded.
A sharp ‘pop’ crackled from the firewood, interrupting the brief moment of silence. Unable to hold in my question any longer, I asked my mother, “How did you, Ellie, and Boo get here?”
She looked at me and then at the exit that Tessia and Bairon had left through, and shook her head. “I’ll let Elder Rinia tell you. It’s better that way.”
“Okay,” I responded. The four of us talked for a while, catching up, making light jokes and laughing, until my sister and even my mother began nodding off to sleep.
“Sorry, we hadn’t been able to sleep well these past few days,” my mother said, rubbing her eyes.
“Don’t worry. Get some sleep—both of you,” I said, turning to my sister.
The two of them retreated to a bed of blankets that had been laid out in a corner of the room.
“Good night,” Sylvie and I said to the both of them.

They responded in kind before laying down. I caught my sister lifting her head every now and then, checking to see if the two of us were still here, until the soft rhythmic breathing eventually melded together with the cackling fire.
I smiled, my eyes unable to pry themselves away from the sight of my mother and sister sleeping peacefully. A lot of unexpected events had occurred in the last few days alone, but one of the moments I had dreaded the most was confronting my family after everything that had happened to them. I was so caught up in blaming myself for my father’s death that I avoided Ellie and my mother out of guilt.
When I saw the two of them today, my mind immediately expected anger and blame from the two of them. Instead, I learned that my mother had blamed herself all this time. She said that her inability to properly deal with the secret of my past life had caused me to miss my own father’s funeral and she apologized for that.
The more I thought about it, the more I realized how...mature that was. Surely I was in the wrong as well. I was the one that avoided confrontation and I had been the one to keep it a secret from them for so long, yet she ignored my mistakes and pointed out her own shortcomings instead and asked me for forgiveness, which was something I wasn’t quite sure I deserved.
Even with the experience of two separate lives, I learned something today. I was once again humbled by the fact that while my past life had given me a lot of advantages, it was foolish of me to equate years lived to maturity.
‘It’s not like I didn’t tell you this a few times already. I guess you needed to arrive at that conclusion yourself,’ Sylvie sent to me, also conveying a mental eye-roll along with it. ‘Mark today on the calendar as the day Arthur Leywin realized he wasn’t the mature man he thought he was.’
Shut up, I sent back, smirking at my bond seated next to me. You’re just trying to use this fact to say that you’re more mature than I am.
‘I am more mature than you are, but a true mature person wouldn’t say it out loud,’ she replied, her lips curling into a smile as well.
You just said it out loud, I pointed out.
Sylvie looked at me with a raised brow. ‘Well technically...’
I playfully nudged my bond with a shoulder, feeling good for the first time in a long while. My sister and mother were alive and while we had a lot to work on if we wanted to be how we were in the past, the important thing was that they were safe.
Sylvie was the next to fall asleep, her head resting on my lap. The two horns jutting forward from her head dug into my legs but I sucked it up and let my bond get the sleep she deserved.
Staring at the fire in front of me, I became lost in thought. The thoughts that I had held off resurfaced. I had originally wanted to leave a bit after bringing Virion and Bairon here in order to look for Tess and my family. Seeing that they were here already, I immediately thought about the possibility of staying here for some time. There weren’t many supplies available here, but there was a stream of freshwater and I noticed a pile of large fish where Boo had made his nest on the lower floor of this building which I could guess came from the stream.
We might need to make a few trips to civilization eventually—maybe the Wall—but for now, I pondered at the thought of just... resting for a while.
I was tired, Virion was tired, and Bairon was tired whether he admitted it or not. During our trip here, we had all come to a silent agreement that we had lost this war. Coming to this realization didn’t warrant any mind-numbing revelation—maybe I was growing used to winning our battles but losing the war. Agrona utilized his limited resources to their utmost potential and didn’t hesitate to sacrifice his troops for a bigger plot. Dicathen had been only reacting, and Agrona knew that all too well. Like Virion said, maybe the best thing to do was buckle under and wait for a new chance to fight back.
My thoughts were interrupted by the soft footsteps approaching me. I turned around, greeting Elder Rinia with a nod.
The old diviner smiled back, wrinkles tugging at the edges of her eyes. Taking a seat next to me with a weary groan, she lifted her hands to warm them in front of the fire.
“You’ve grown older since the last time I saw you,” she mentioned, her eyes staring blankly at the dancing embers.
I chuckled quietly. “Well I am a growing teen.”
“No teen would be wearing the expression you have,” Elder Rinia scoffed. “But I guess that’s what comes with war and having so many responsibilities.”
My hands unconsciously stroked down my face as I wondered what sort of expression I wore, and what Rinia meant. Too tired to think deeply of it, I looked back, wondering why she had come back alone. “Where’s Virion?”
“He said he’ll check up on Tessia to see how she’s doing.”
There was a beat of silence as I gathered the courage to ask the question I knew she was dreading to answer by the look on her face. “Can you tell me everything that happened?”





Chapter 241
Chapter 241: Hope and Trust
There was a long silence that followed after I asked my question, and when she did speak, I expected a long and convoluted story of how she managed to get into the castle and save Tessia and my family.
Instead, she started off by saying something I didn’t expect. “Arthur, I knew of your identity the first time we had met, back when you came to me to get in contact with your parents.”
My eyes widened. “What? How?”
Rinia held up a finger. “These old eyes see much more than you can imagine. However, much like how I had feigned ignorance of your past life and kept it a secret, there are also parts of this story that I can’t quite reveal yet.”
I didn’t respond, letting her continue talking.
“I had known for a while now that an attack would occur at the Castle following the betrayal of Virion’s son.”
“Virion’s... You’re telling me right now that it was Alduin who was responsible for letting the scythe in? That’s not possible, you can’t seriously be saying that he was trying to get his own father killed, right?”
“My knowledge doesn’t extend to his intentions, but yes, he was the one that connected the scythe, as well as the rest of his forces, directly to the castle teleportation gate,” she answered.
My hand came up to my gaping mouth. I couldn’t believe it. Despite any disagreements the two of them had, Alduin had always looked up to Virion. After a moment, I spoke again.
“Was Alduin guaranteed the safety of Merial and Tessia? Was that why he betrayed everyone? But then...” I dropped my voice to a whisper so my sleeping family wouldn’t hear. “Why did they take my mother and sister?”
“That’s what Alduin believed, yes,” she said. “As for your family, it’s easy to surmise that they wanted your mother and sister as hostages.”
Rubbing my temples, I thought about what she said until it clicked. “Wait, you said ‘that’s what Alduin believed.’ What do you mean by that?”
Rinia smiled wearily at me. “We’re venturing into the area where I can’t give you an answer. All I can tell you is that if we want to keep any chance of taking back our country, we have to keep Tessia safe and far away from Agrona and the Alacryans.”
My head whipped toward the elven diviner. “Wait, so we do have a chance at taking back Dicathen?”
She nodded. “It’s slim, but it does exist.”
The two of us fell in silence until I spoke again. “If you knew about the attack on the Castle, did you also know that Buhnd was going to die?”
The fire in front of us popped, spraying a small shower of glowing red ashes at the ground.
“Yes,” she finally said. “But had I tried and diverted the entire attack, there was a much larger chance that Tessia would’ve been captured.”
I opened my mouth to say something, but I couldn’t quite get the right words.

“I know what you’re thinking, but I couldn’t risk the chance of Dicathen losing everything on the slim chance that I could save everyone.”
“But, if you knew everything beforehand, you could’ve made countermeasures. You could’ve told Virion, or told me!” I argued.
“Time doesn’t work that way. Changing things like that alters the course of the future... a future that I wouldn’t be able to see,” she said, her voice barely a whisper.
Gritting my teeth, I dug my fingers into the cement floor to try and calm down. I knew I was being selfish... if it wasn’t for Elder Rinia, Tessia and my family would’ve been in the hands of Agrona by now, but still...
“How were you able to save Tessia and my family though?” I asked.
“I was able to intercept them while they were on their way back to Elenoir,” she said nonchalantly.
I nodded at her answer but my mind spun trying to imagine a scenario where Rinia succeeded in doing this. How did she manage to pry Tessia and my family away from Alduin and Merial? Was it just Alduin and Merial there? Rinia specifically said that while Alduin believed that they were safe, they really weren’t. Most likely, after Alduin, Merial, Tessia and my family stepped through the portal, they would’ve been met with a trap.
Did Elder Rinia know everything that was going to happen? Were her diviner abilities able to influence time that well?
Time!
Without any warning, I directed a surge of killing intent over Elder Rinia, and just as I saw her react with an expression of surprise, I ignited Realmheart and immediately used Static Void.
The world around me turned monochrome except for the motes of purple trembling in place. But my eyes weren’t focused on the particles of aether around me; they were focused on Elder Rinia.
Her eyes regarded me in shock as she watched my eyes narrow in realization. She shifted her gaze to look around her before her eyes fell back on me.
“Clever,” she sighed.
“So you can utilize aether,” I muttered, seeing the specks of purple hovering around her, as if protecting her.
“You’re not an asura, I know that for sure,” I started. “Are you... one of the ancient mages?”
Despite the apparent strain that Elder Rinia endured, trying to keep her aether arts active, she let out a chuckle before answering. “No, I can tell you with absolute confidence that I am not an ancient mage.”
“Then who... what are you? Even I can’t control aether without relying on the dragon’s will an asura had given me.”
“While I’m not entirely sure, I believe that my diviner abilities stem partly from aether. As for how I learned, I’m sorry but I can’t tell you that.”
“I don’t think that’s a good enough answer anymore,” I challenged, staring intently at the elf shrouded in so much mystery.
“I can tell you—I can tell you everything. But Tessia and your family might die because of it,” she answered, her face turning more ghastly. “Please, have a little patience and I can assure you that you’ll find out for yourself.”
She wasn’t threatening me with my loved ones—no, she truly believed that her telling me all of this could lead to their deaths. Gnashing my teeth in frustration, I released Static Void, allowing Elder Rinia to release the aether arts she had used to keep her from being frozen in time.
She let out a ragged breath. “Thank you... for believing in me.”

“You saved Tessia and my family,” I said, taking a glance over to where my mother and Ellie were sleeping. “The least I can do is trust you—at least until you give me a reason not to.”
The two of us continued talking, albeit a bit more calmly this time. I asked every question I had. Some she answered, and some she didn’t, but I didn’t press her for details.
What I did find out was that there were teleportation gates here—several, in fact—that could only be utilized with control over aether. That’s how Elder Rinia was able to get here so quickly and without having to physically make a cross-continental journey with Tessia, my mother, and my sister in tow.

“You learned aether arts while I was more or less given the ability to borrow it at times. Tell me, is it something that I can learn as well?” I asked, trying to hold onto the sensation I had when I utilized aether on my own to injure the scythe.
“Yes, and no. Your ability to experience a taste of aether arts through your dragon will, as well as the fact that you can see aether gives you a great advantage. However, my advantage, compared to yours, is much greater. I had even discovered a location to train in aether arts with aether much more abundant than here. But even then... it took me eighty years to learn something you can do with a simple thought,” she explained.
My gaze dropped as I thought about spending eighty years, perhaps more, trying to grasp aether arts. Eighty years was a long time, and while my white core extended my lifetime, I couldn’t hope for the same thing for my mother or my sister. “I see.”
“It’s too early to lose hope. We’ll continue to gather forces slowly, and with you and Lady Sylvie here, we’ll have three people able to access the teleportation—” Elder Rinia stopped abruptly and I knew why. I turned my head back, brows furrowed at the erratic sound of footsteps drawing closer.
My sudden shift in emotions caused Sylvie to stir awake as well.
‘What’s going on?’ she sent, lifting her head off of my lap.
Virion is coming and... something’s wrong, I replied, standing up.
I sent out a pulse of wind mana, trying to sense whether anyone was chasing after Virion, but it was just him. It only took a few seconds for him to appear through the small hallway leading to the room we were in. The old commander was disheveled, tired, and had a look of panic.
“T-Tessia... ran away,” he huffed, catching his breath.
“What?” I blurted. “How did this happen? Where did she go?”
Elder Rinia cursed under her breath and grabbed my arm. “Tessia can’t leave this place, Arthur. There’s something wrong with her core, and if she leaves the protection this place provides, the Alacryans can track her.”
My eyes widened in horror. I turned to Virion. “What direction did she go?”
As soon as Virion lifted his finger, I shot off in that direction while immediately activating Static Void once more.
The color drained from the world as I bolted out the window. Igniting Realmheart to better search for mana fluctuations from Tess, I rushed forth.
My mana usage was limited while in Static Void because I couldn’t manipulate ambient mana, but seeing as there wasn’t much ambient mana in this underground town anyway, I figured Tessia couldn’t have gotten too far anyway.
With the limits of my spell slowly gripping down on my core, I endured until I eventually found traces of mana that had been used.
I was right. Tess had used magic to forcefully run away from Virion, who was still injured and unable to utilize most of his mana.
Following the trail into a different tunnel than I had come from, I spotted Tess. She was frozen in place, her eyes determined, her hair billowing... and drops of tears suspended in the air behind her.

I rushed past her a few feet to give her time to stop before withdrawing Static Void and Realmheart. The motes of purple and green faded while color rushed back into the world.
Tessia resumed running until she spotted me. After immediately skidding to a stop, she stared at me, eyes and mouth both frozen wide.
“How did you...” she started before she shook her head and her eyes narrowed. “I have to go, Art. I have to save my parents.”
I hadn’t thought about what to say to reason with Tess once I caught up. I didn’t even know what she was going to say, but I sure didn’t expect this. “Tess... your parents betrayed us.”
“Don’t say that—Don’t you dare say that!” she snapped, eyes glaring. “You don’t know anything!”
“What I know is that your parents colluded with Agrona, let in a scythe into the Castle and got almost everyone killed,” I said calmly.
“It’s not that simple,” she argued, hurriedly wiping away a tear. “They had no choice...”
“Tess... your father and mother basically sacrificed Virion—your own grandpa—for the hope that Agrona would leave Elenoir alone. Now please, come back with us. Let’s talk about our next steps and—”
“Stop. I know that you’ve disagreed with my parents while you participated in meetings with the Council, but don’t make them out to be so selfish like that. They had no choice!”
“You keep saying that, Tess, but they had plenty of choices,” I quipped. “They could’ve ignored Agrona’s offer and trusted in Virion to win this war.”
“Then I would be dead, Art!” she screamed. “Is that what you wanted?”
My brows furrowed in confusion. “Dead? Wh-What are you talking about?”
Tess marched forward until she was just inches away from me. “I would be dead. My parents had no choice but to accept the deal with Agrona because of the beast will that you gave me years back. Do you remember?”
My thoughts veered back to the elderwood guardian I had defeated. “No, that’s impossible. You only had problems assimilating with it. Once you managed to control it...”
“The beast will you gave me was from a corrupted beast,” Tessia interrupted, shedding tears. “A beast corrupted by Agrona. With that thing inside me, I was basically a living bomb that Agrona could detonate on a whim.”
My knees buckled and I faltered back, barely managing to keep my balance. “N-No...”
“So don’t you dare say that my parents betrayed all of us,” Tessia seethed. “They did it to save me, and even if everyone here won’t give them a chance, I will.”
‘Art! What happened, are you okay? I’m coming to you now,’ Sylvie transmitted, her worry leaking onto me.
No, it’s okay. Stay there while I try to convince Tess, I replied.
“Tess... I had no idea that this happened because of the beast will I gave you,” I muttered. “If I knew...”
She shook her head. “I know it’s not your fault, but I have to do something, Art.”
“I understand, Tess. But once you step out from this shelter, the Alacryans will be able to trace you. You’ll die.”
Tess gripped my shirt with trembling hands. “They’re my parents, Art. They did everything they could to save me.”
A flurry of emotions stirred inside me as I looked down at Tess: frustration, sadness, fear... and guilt. It was easy to feel responsible for what had happened, especially when I knew that something was wrong with the elderwood guardian. But because of the excitement of reaping the rewards from such a strong monster, rather than being cautious, I fed it to one of the people I cared most about in an attempt to keep her safe.
Mad at myself and the sick irony of it all, I pulled Tess away. “Is there nothing I can do to convince you to stay?”
“I’m sorry.” Tess bit her lip and steeled herself, looking at me with determined eyes.
I let out a sigh. “Then I’m coming with you.”





Chapter 242
Chapter 242: Two Loves
Tess’s eyes lit up. “Really? You’re coming with me?”
“But... you have to reconcile with Virion first,” I said sternly. “Whatever you argued about with him, remember that he didn’t just lose you back at the Castle, he lost his son.”
“I-I know. What they did was wrong, but they only did it—”
“To save you. Yeah, I know,” I finished. “Which is why if we’re going to save them and bring them back here, you’re going to want to be the bridge that’ll mend things between your grandfather and parents. You won’t be able to do that if you just leave like this.”
Tess opened her mouth, as if to argue, but simply let out a sigh. “You know, most girls don’t like guys who are always right like this.”
A smile tugged at the corner of my lips. “Do you want most girls to like me?”
Narrowing her eyes, Tess punched me in the arm before turning back towards our camp. “Come on. Let’s go back.”
***
“I’m sorry—I really am—but we can’t risk it,” Elder Rinia said resolutely. “Your mana core has been corrupted by the beast will inside you. If you leave—”
“But the potion cured me! That’s why my parents did all of that—so they could give it to me!” Tess argued.
“The potion that Agrona gave you, Tessia. You may be fine now, but we don’t know if that was a permanent solution or if it’ll only give you a period of respite. It’s too soon to tell and if something does happen to you on that journey and you’re taken by the Alacryans...”
“Why does it matter whether I’m taken by the Alacryans? How does my death affect the future of an entire continent?” Tess demanded.
“Tessia!” Virion snapped. “Don’t talk like that!”
“It’s true though,” she continued. “I’m not anywhere near as strong as the lances, nor am I influential enough to rally people together like either of you. Why does my death matter?”
I took a step forward when Sylvie put her hand in front of me.
‘Don’t, Arthur. It’s not our place to interfere. Not now,’ she sent, a wave of solemnness leaking from her.
As Tessia, Virion, and Elder Rinia continued to argue, I shifted my gaze to the others around us. Bairon was leaning against the far wall of the room by the door with his arms crossed. My sister had left the room some time ago with Boo while Mother quietly listened.
“So are you saying that I can’t even go find my own mother and father?” Tess asked quietly, her eyes brimming with tears.
Virion’s gaze softened as he grabbed his granddaughter’s hand. “We’ll bring them back. Just give me and Bairon some time to recover.”
After a long silence, Tess finally nodded in acceptance. “...I’m sorry, Grandpa.”
Virion pulled his granddaughter into his arms. “It’s okay, Little One. It’s okay.”
My mother walked over to us, gently patting Sylvie on her shoulder. My bond and my mother exchanged a warm smile before my mother’s gaze shifted to me. “Your sister is outside. You should go talk to her.”
After taking a quick glance at Tess to see how she was, I turned back to my mother. “Okay.”
As I turned to leave, I was grabbed by the wrist. I saw my mother’s eyes red and glistening.
“Mom? Is something wrong?”
She smiled at me and shook her head. “It’s nothing. I’m just glad you’re staying,” she said quietly, just barely enough for me to hear.
My mother let go of my wrist and waved me away with a smile, but my chest still tightened from guilt.
‘Go. I’ll watch over your mother,’ Sylvie comforted.

I passed by Bairon, who shot me a quick glance and nodded, before heading down the stairs to the ground floor.
Damn it.
I berated myself as I walked out of the building. It made sense in my head to go with Tess since my mother and sister were safe here, but I didn’t think about how they’d feel about me leaving.
Spotting my sister and her giant bond by the stream, I walked over. Boo was curled up into a furry ball, sleeping, while Ellie was throwing rocks into the stream.
“Mind if I join you?” I asked.
“Why? Aren’t you going to leave soon, anyway?” she asked bitterly.
I picked up a flat rock. “We decided not to go until Bairon and Virion are both fully healed.”
Ellie chucked another rock, making it splash into the calm water. “That’s too bad. You were probably looking forward to going off on your little romantic adventure with Tessia.”
“You know it’s not like that,” I said calmly, snapping my wrist as I tossed the flat rock. The two of us watched as the smooth stone skipped four, seven, ten times before it finally sank. “Bringing back Tess’s parents is something that has to be done.”
“Why?” my sister retorted. “Because your girlfriend wants you to?”
“Ellie,” I replied.
“Don’t ‘Ellie’ me!” my sister snapped, throwing the rock in her hand before turning to me. “I overheard Commander Virion talking to Tessia earlier. I know that the four of you almost died fighting that one scythe! And now you’re telling me that you’re going to go back there to bring back the elves who basically sold us all out?”
“It’s not that simple, you know that.”
“It sounds pretty simple to me,” she said sharply, looking down to search for another rock. “Our family—what’s left of it—barely got back together but you’re already eager to leave us.”
My insides knotted as I saw the drops of tears stain the rocks on the ground below her lowered head.
“I’m never eager to leave you guys.” I let out a sigh. “I’m one of the few mages powerful enough to turn the tide in this war, and one way to do that is by bringing back Tess’ parents. Only then will we be able to muster up the forces necessary to eventually take back Dicathen.”
My sister paused as she held onto a fist-sized rock on the ground, her face still covered by her hair.
I continued. “I love Tess. But you, Mom and Sylvie are my family.”
Boo let out a deep groan from the side.
“And you too, Boo. You’re family too,” I added, smiling as Ellie stifled a laugh. “I’d do anything to keep you all safe, and if that means I have to be away from you all to do it, that’s the price I have to pay.”
Ellie quickly wiped her tears before getting back up. She turned around and threw the stone in her hand. “I know. It’s just... I wish you were around more.”
I picked up another flat rock and threw it. “I wish I was too. More than anything. But I don’t want you and Mom living in an underground town below a desert for the rest of your lives, and to do that, I need to get off my butt.”
“I don’t mind it. I know Mom won’t wouldn’t mind it too,” she said, watching my rock skip on the water. “I know you’re doing this to keep us all safe, but it works both ways, you know.”
Ellie turned around, pouting with red eyes and flushed cheeks. “We just want you safe.”
I smiled. “Do you know what my dream is after this is all over?”
“What?”
“For us to live together in a huge house by the ocean. Me, you, Mom, Sylvie, Boo, and Tess.”
“Wait, why do you get to live with your girlfriend? What about my future boyfriend?” she protested.
I looked at her blankly. “You won’t have a boyfriend.”
“What? Why not?”

“Because if you do, I’ll get rid of him,” I said matter-of-factly.
“That’s not fair!” she huffed.

I shrugged. “Big brothers are never fair.”
Ellie puffed her cheeks for a moment before she broke out into laughter, causing me to laugh as well.
“Fine,” she relented. “But in exchange, you have to teach me how you do that.”
I raised a brow. “Do what?”
“That thing where the rock bounces on top of the water! Are you using magic?”
“I’m not using magic at all,” I said, skipping another rock.
Ellie tried as well, mimicking my motions and failing. “Lies. You’re totally using magic.”
“No, I’m not, just watch...”
Three days passed by in the blink of an eye. During this time, Tess came to terms with Virion and the two had made up. It was good to see everyone—except for Bairon—smiling and laughing in this dreary underground town.
When Virion and Bairon weren’t resting, they were meditating and trying to cycle mana throughout their body to hasten their recovery. It was a slow and arduous process for all of us to meditate in this place due to the absence of ambient mana.
Despite the disadvantages of having little to no ambient mana, this underground village built by the ancient mages had a large benefit for me and Sylvie.
“Happy training,” I teased, sitting cross-legged on the hard ground.
“It’s amazing how you haven’t gotten sick of this,” Sylvie said, sitting down across from me in the same hallway we had arrived from. “I’m making progress, but you’ve yet to even take a step forward. How are you not discouraged at all?”
I shrugged. “I’ve had things too easy up until now. Besides, if these damn ancient mages were able to learn it to this extent, I’m sure I’ll eventually get the hang of it.”
“Your optimism is leaking over to me,” Sylvie said, shuddering as she closed her eyes to concentrate.
Still seated, I ignited Realmheart. Color flushed away from the world, leaving only motes of purple either swaying rhythmically in the air or cluttered together on the walls to produce the soft light around us.
At the same time, my bond opened up her consciousness completely to me so I could sense every little thing she was doing. This was the training system that I had devised.
Both Elder Rinia and Sylvie had agreed that it was impossible for them to teach me how to use aether. While Elder Rinia was limited in what she could tell me, for my bond, it was more so that the act of using aether was too natural for her.
Just like how a bird didn’t need to be taught how to fly, Sylvie teaching me how to use aether was akin to a bird teaching a fish how to fly—me being that fish.
So, for these past few days, I had endured hours of watching and listening to my bond’s thoughts as she meditated and slowly grew her control over the aether arts as well.
But from what little I’d learned through this process, it felt like the aether was more or less teaching Sylvie; it was nothing like mana at all.
Shaping and controlling the power within my body had been ingrained in me since my previous life, while learning to utilize aether seemed as if it would be going against everything I had worked for.
What didn’t add up, however, was the fact that the ancient mages had managed to trap aether into these artifacts in order to light them up. The very nature of this was paradoxical to what my bond was doing.
Hours passed with no sign of progress to show for it. Frustrated and impatient, I once again walked back to our camp alone while my bond continued to strengthen herself.
On my way back, I stopped by one of the adjacent hallways where Elder Rinia was working.
“How’s the teleportation gate coming along?” I asked as I walked in on the old elf with glowing purple hands drawing what looked like runes on the inner mechanisms of the old portal she had used to bring Tess and my family here. “Maybe you should take a break.”
“I’m nearly finished! I think I should be done... in a few hours,” she said in between heavy breaths.

It was obvious that utilizing aether was taking a large toll on her body. “We need you to take care of your health, Elder Rinia. You look like you’ve aged another century since you got here.”
“If I wasn’t so tired, I’d take the effort to walk over to you and slap you, but... meh,” she said, not bothering to look at me. “Besides, Lady Sylvie has been helping me out a lot by providing me with the raw power to power this old thing up.”
It was still jarring to hear anyone, especially someone as old and distinguished as Elder Rinia, refer to my bond as ‘Lady Sylvie’.
“Should I call her over?” I asked.
“No, no. Just a last bit of tinkering with the runes to set the return point,” she replied, waving me away.
My curiosity getting the better of me, I stuck around for a bit, watching her draw runes in the empty center of the teleportation gate.
The rune was a complicated shape stemming from a center pentagon that branched out into sharp angles creating a rigid vortex-like pattern. I found myself following her hand movements as she carefully traced over the rune until the faint purple shape faded and spread out to the outer structure of the gate.
“You should get going. Tessia came by earlier. She was asking for you,” said Elder Rinia.
“Oh.” I scratched my head. “I wonder what she wants.”
After reminding the old elf not to overdo it one more time, I walked back, reaching the main base. Near the flowing stream that cut through the abandoned town with rows of empty buildings, I saw Ellie and Tess playing with each other. Tess was conjuring tiny orbs of water above the stream while Ellie shot them down by firing mana arrows from her bow.
I was about to call out to them when I had a better idea.
Just as Tess raised another sphere of water, I flicked my wrist, willing the orb to dash left. The glowing arrow of pure mana whizzed by, missing its mark entirely.
Hearing Tess exclaim in confusion made me snicker, but I continued to mess with my sister. I dodged Ellie’s arrows, maneuvering the orb of water with ease and even squirting a stream of water at her face, until finally my sister screamed out in frustration.
“We know it’s you, Brother! ” my sister yelled, stressing our relationship as if it were a curse.
“How were you not even able to land a single hit on it?” I laughed aloud, unable to hold it in.
Ellie fired a mana arrow directly at my face, but I continued laughing as I easily caught it in my hand.
“Ellie! Don’t fire arrows at your brother!” my mother’s voice echoed from the second floor of the building just behind Tess and my sister.
“Arthur started it!” Ellie retorted, pointing her finger at me.
Tess let out a chortle, covering her mouth while trying to stifle her laughter as my sister turned more red.
The three of us eventually headed inside. I continued to make fun of my sister as she, in turn, continued to throw fists and conjurations of pure mana at my face.
“Oh yeah, Elder Rinia mentioned that you were looking for me earlier?” I asked Tess while dodging and deflecting my baby sister’s attacks.
“O-Oh, uh, it was nothing. I just wanted to check in on how everyone was doing,” she said, quickening her pace to beat us up the stairs.
When we arrived upstairs, I could see a row of flame-grilled fish skewered on branches.
“Wow!” I said, my mouth already beginning to salivate.
“I managed to catch quite a few fish today,” my mother grinned proudly, tapping her flexed arm. “Eat up while I go bring Commander Virion and General Bairon back from their meditation.”
I immediately grabbed a skewer and took a bite, only to have a richly-seasoned flavor burst into my mouth. “How is this fish salted?” I asked amidst my chewing.
My mother turned back as she was leaving through the door. “Elder Rinia packed it in one of her dimension rings.”
“‘One of’?” Tess repeated, handing a skewer to Ellie before taking one for herself.
“Mhmm. Elder Rinia has at least eight dimension rings full of things necessary to live here. She’s even brought various seeds so that we can start growing our own fruits and vegetables down here,” my mother answered, smiling. “All of you will have to help out so we can start accommodating a lot more people here.”
Tess and I exchanged glances as both of us were no doubt wondering the same thing: how far back had Elder Rinia prepared for all of this?
It was almost impossible to tell how much time had passed without a sun above us, but eventually everyone had gathered back together. Bairon and Virion, while still incapacitated, were looking better everyday. Sylvie joined us for food as well while talking and smiling with Tess and Ellie. Elder Rinia had come back and, after a quick bite to eat, immediately fell asleep in her bed.
My mother had done a fantastic job of making the desolate building seem more homey. Most of us only got a blanket in order to save resources, but with the curtains set up in front of the doorways of each room and small decorative touches in each of them, this place didn’t seem as much of a refuge shelter anymore.
I found myself comfortable and happy as I drifted off to sleep. In a way, being here with the ones that I cared about the most—this was what I had hoped for. I wanted to quickly bring the Twin Horns down here as well; I knew my mother and sister would be happy at that.
I was eager to start the new day.
If only I knew what I would be waking up to.





Chapter 243
Chapter 243: On the Surface
TESSIA ERALITH
I looked back at the softly-lit corridor stretching back into the darkness before my gaze lowered to the white medallion in my hand.
“Sorry, Grandpa,” I muttered under my breath, clutching tightly onto the artifact. “I swear I’ll return this.”
I turned my back to the path I had come from and faced the ancient gate in front of me. Letting out a deep sigh, I prepared for whatever would happen once I crossed.
I was being rash and emotional. I knew that.
Even after what happened at my last battle in Elshire Forest, where General Aya had to rescue me, I still chose to do this. Even after how much I had berated myself—hated myself—I couldn’t sit still like this.
Grandpa had already killed off Mother and Father in his mind. No matter what he said, I knew that look he always had when I mentioned them. I knew what that look meant. To him, my parents were no longer family, but traitors.
Grandma Rinia wasn’t as bad, but I knew that she had given up on trying to save my parents. Just from overhearing the plans she and Virion made together with General Bairon on who to save, I knew that my parents were nowhere on that list.
But they didn’t know. They weren’t there like I was. They didn’t know how hard Mother’s hands trembled as she held onto my hand and pulled me away. They weren’t there to see Father with tears rolling down his face as we stepped through the portal.
Pulling the hood over my head, I steeled myself. Whatever anyone thought of my actions now, it didn’t matter. My parents deserved a chance, and if their own daughter won’t give that to them, who would?
My mind wandered and I thought of Arthur. I had been tempted to ask him to help me, but that was too selfish. I knew the dangers that this mission entailed and if anything happened to him because of me...
I’m dispensable, he isn’t.
Holding the medallion out in front of me, I walked through the glowing gate in front of me. The soft purple light undulated at the medallion’s touch and I felt a slight pull. Rather than resist the foreign sensation, I accepted it and stepped further into the gate until my entire body became immersed in soft purple.
Immediately, my body was pulled across a whirling funnel of light. It felt different from the normal teleportation gates, more... nauseating.
I stumbled out the other side on a paved ground, still a bit disoriented from the trip. It wasn’t long before someone yelled out, “Hey! Someone used the gate!”

Peeking up, I saw four Alacryans standing guard around the teleportation gate that I had crossed through.
“Get on your knees and take off your hood!” the guard to my right ordered, aiming a condensed sphere of wind in my direction. “Now!”
I dropped low and slammed my palm on the ground. Before the spells from the Alacryans could reach me, however, a thick gale of wind surged around me.
Keeping one hand on my head to keep the hood in place, I muttered another spell. I willed the protective barrier of wind to expand, pushing away the enemy mages caught off guard.
Using this brief window of opportunity, I dashed forward to the nearest alleyway a hundred feet north.
Orders were barked out to their allies further out, and soon another pair of Alacryans were coming at me from either side.
Keeping my hood down, I rushed towards the Alacryan to my left, shooting a blade of wind at him.
Almost immediately, an armor of ice enveloped his body, protecting his neck from the sharp crescent of wind that I had sent his way. My initial instinct was to be surprised and intimidated by the deviant mage before I reminded myself that the Alacryans used magic differently than we did. But a higher form of magic didn’t necessarily equate to a stronger mage in their case.
I focused on the opponent at hand. The ice-clad Alacryan had managed to defend my attack but the force of my wind blade managed to knock him off his feet. Before his companion could come to his aid while he stood back up, I sped up. The temptation to use my plant magic or beast will quickly grew—it would be so much easier to get away—but I resisted. Using deviant magic like that would be telling everyone that the former princess of Elenoir was here.
Conjuring a condensed surge of wind below my back foot, I propelled myself within arm’s length of the enemy. He brought up his longsword to block whatever attack he thought I would hit him with but instead, I grabbed his arm and used a classic overhead toss that my grandpa had taught me.
With the aid of wind magic, I tossed the Alacryan a few dozen feet in the air which opened up the path to the nearest alleyway.
“Don’t let him get away!” a voice screamed from afar.
Comforted by the fact that they thought I was a man, I sped forth and got away with another gust of wind aiding me.
I sped through the narrow passage. Buildings towered over me on either side, the road barely wide enough to allow two men to walk shoulder to shoulder. Despite how old the buildings and paved road were, not a single piece of trash sullied the alleyway.
Most of the human cities looked so similar to one another that it was hard to tell exactly where I was until I had a better view of the city as a whole, but I knew that I had at least arrived in one of the major cities of Sapin.
My eyes constantly scanned the road and even nearby rooftops in case an Alacryan was keeping track of my whereabouts from above. Taking a quick look at the sky confirmed that I hadn’t landed in Xyrus City. The clouds were well overhead and there was no translucent barrier that could be seen protecting the floating city.
After some time had passed and I carefully made my way towards one of the larger roads. I peeked out from the narrow passage I had wedged myself through to see that there were quite a lot of people still walking the streets.
Still, I kept out of sight and studied the pedestrians passing by just to make sure. While there were mostly adventurers and soldiers dressed in armor or protective leather, I spotted quite a bit of children and housewives that wore dirty aprons. Strangely, though, everyone seemed to be moving in the same direction.

They all have such lifeless expressions, I thought to myself, my chest knotting in guilt. It was stupid to feel responsible for everything happening, but a part of me still thought that maybe it was largely my fault for how the war turned out.
I shook my head, snapping myself out of the hole that I would dig myself into if I started this train of thought.

After wrapping the cloak tightly around me and making sure that most of my conspicuous hair color couldn’t be seen, I jumped out of the alleyway. Blending in with a horse-drawn carriage that passed close by, I walked in sync until a rather clustered group of pedestrians offered me a more natural veil to hide amongst.
A few gave me passing glances but because of my smaller physique, no one seemed to take too much notice.
“Do we really have to go?” a middle-aged woman a few feet ahead of me whispered to what looked like her husband.
The plump man answered in a hushed tone. “Those damn Alacryans are already beginning to chase people out of their homes. If we don’t go now, it’ll only make things worse.”
The woman looked at her husband as if she was about to say something but looked down. I could see her shoulders droop while she held tightly onto the hand of her daughter.
Confused, I continued following everyone until I spotted a few stands on the side of the street. Most were almost finished wrapping up their goods and putting down the tarps that hung over their stands, but I managed to find a clothing stand that had yet to be completely packed up.
In one quick motion I swiped a long leather cap and a matching mantle and pant set hanging on a rack.
“Hey! That’s...” the shopkeeper’s voice trailed off. Taking a quick peek back, I could see her looking wide-eyed at the few silver coins I had left on the table.
Sliding into another nearby side alley between an abandoned bakery and butcher shop with broken windows, I hurriedly changed my clothes with the ones I had just bought.
I tied up my hair and tucked it into the leather cap that ran down past my neck, making sure most of my silver hair couldn’t be seen. After putting on the mantle and pair of pants, I ran my fingers on the dirt ground and slid it messily across my face.
“This should be enough,” I muttered under my breath. I thought about maybe taking out the practice bow I had borrowed from Ellie to complete the adventurer’s ensemble, but I decided otherwise after noticing that no one was carrying their weapon.
I blended in with the tides of people all walking solemnly in the same direction. Despite how much more crowded it had become, there was still an eerie silence lingering.
“Excuse me. What is going on?” I deepened my voice and avoided eye contact with the man I had just asked.
The man ignored me and sped up.
I tried again, this time to an elderly woman, but was met with the same response until finally, a younger lady—just a bit older than me—finally responded.

“I-It’s over,” she choked back a sob. “Those invaders told us to move to Etistin centre if we didn’t want to be hunted down.”
“Hunted down?” I said quietly. “What about the Dicathen army stationed in Etistin?”
The woman’s pace quickened as she looked back nervously.
I followed after her, matching her pace, and asked again before answering in an even quieter voice. “They... left.”
“Left?” I said a bit louder than I had intended.
The woman’s eyes bulged like a startled stray and she zipped off, clutching tightly onto the drawstring bag in her arms.
I let out a deep breath as I tried to repress the frustration and anxiety building up inside me. Talking to that woman left me with more questions than answers and it seemed like everyone was too scared to talk.
Adjusting my leather cap, I walked on. The only way I’d get some answers was by going to Etistin. Judging by the fact that we were moving away from the Grand Mountains, we were going west.
I must’ve crossed through the eastern gate of Etistin, which makes sense seeing that it’s the least used teleportation gate and the furthest one from the castle. Elder Rinia must’ve set it to come to this one in order to smuggle some of the key figures she had written down on that list.
The more I continued walking, the denser the crowd around me became. It got to the point where we all had to shuffle forward, our shoulders pressed against each other. The cries of children could be heard over the nervous shushing made from their parents.
The tall ornate buildings making up the inner portions of the capital city of Etistin blocked the view of the city centre, but it was just before then that I spotted Alacyans.
They weren’t any different from the humans of Sapin, but they all wore the same gray and black uniformed streaked with blood-red. They were also the only ones with weapons and they used them to herd the people up ahead into the pathway leading into the city centre.
That’s when I heard it. The first scream.
That was only the beginning—that first scream triggered more as the crowd in front reached the open area of the city’s square.
I pushed ahead through the crowd, trying to squeeze my way toward the front. I was in the middle of the dense line of people squeezing into the open area that was once the hub of commerce and trade.
As I got closer, I noticed the change in the air—from fear and worry to despair.
I could make out the more subtle reactions now alongside the screams that resounded. I could make out the gasps and groans and even the quiet sobs from the people up ahead.
As I got even closer, I could see the people: a broad man pointing a trembling finger to my right; a woman with both hands covering her mouth, eyes wide and tears flowing freely; another man with a hardened fixed expression, looking the other way.
That’s when I reached the front.
I turned my head to face the sight that everyone was reacting so strongly towards, not caring about the Alacryans nearby.
And I finally saw it. My gut clenched and a lump in my throat threatened to suffocate me as I saw the four figures.
Two men, two women, with black spikes pierced through their bodies high up in the air for all to see.
Two were the leaders of this kingdom, and the other two were... my parents.





Chapter 244
Chapter 244: Day of Rebirth
I stumbled back, barely able to stay on my feet. My breathing quickened to the point that my head spun. Everything was blurred out of focus except for my parents—the one sight that I couldn’t bear to watch.
But my eyes remained glued to their corpses hanging in the air with a black spike jutting through their backs. Their arms and legs hung limply high up in the sky as blood trailed down the spikes that scaled over three stories high, dying them in crimson.
The worst part, though, was the fact that I could see their expressions. Their eyes were wide and bulging, while their mouths hung open. It wasn’t just my parents, it was the king and queen of Sapin as well. They had all been positioned for everyone arriving to clearly see the pain that they had been in before their deaths.
Blood rushed to my head, pounding against my ears, and I felt power leak from my mana core. The primal strength that I knew all too well as the elderwood guardian’s beast will threatened to break free and wreak havoc on the Alacryans here.
Control yourself, Tessia, I begged to myself. It took every ounce of strength left in my body to resist the beast’s tantalizing power.
Despite how everything turned out, my parents took me away believing that they were keeping me safe, and for that very fact alone, I needed to make sure that I didn’t throw their efforts... and lives away in vain.
A sob reached my throat and I couldn’t bear it any longer. Falling to my knees, I wept quietly amidst the crowd, mourning for different reasons. To most of the people here, they cried because their deaths meant that Dicathen had lost. They cried because their deaths meant grim futures filled with hardships and uncertainties.
For me...I cried for my parents—I cried for all of the things I couldn’t do with them, for all of the things I said to them, and all of the things I couldn’t say to them.
“Citizens of Dicathen,” a soft, honeyed voice rang. Despite how loud it had been, the crowd quieted. On the top of a stone pillar that had just been conjured stood a woman donning the gray and red military uniform of Alacrya. Her red hair billowed like a dancing flame as she looked down at us with her hands clasped in front of her.
I found myself waiting for the next words of the female Alacryan, curious as to what she’d say.
The Alacryan spoke again with her alluring voice. “Your kings have passed, your armies are fleeing, and your most powerful warriors are in hiding. The Castle is ours, Xyrus City and Elenoir City...are ours, and now, Etistin City is ours. But do not fret, for we did not come here as pillagers.”
There was a still silence as everyone waited for her next words. Finally she spoke, making a subtle but welcoming gesture with her arms slightly raised.
“We came here as agents of something greater—of someone greater. Mighty asuras, the deities that you have worshipped all this time, thinking—believing—that they are watching over you. Those days are no longer. The alacryans have won this war, not by our own power. We won because our sovereign is no lowly human or elf like the ones you see here.” Her voice quieted, but somehow her words could be heard even more clearly than before. “We won because our sovereign is an asura. Our victory was the will of a deity himself.”
Murmurs could be heard throughout the large crowd, but the Alacryans didn’t stop it. They let the chatter and hesitance amongst the crowd grow until finally the woman on the pedestal let out a sigh.
She only let out a sigh, but I could hear it as if she were next to me in a quiet room.

She used earth magic to raise that stone pillar, and she’s been manipulating sound to spread her voice. How powerful is she? I couldn’t help but doubt what I had learned. In the face of someone capable of not only manipulating multiple elements, but also being a deviant like myself, I began to wonder how many mages as powerful as this person, or even more, existed amongst the Alacryans.
“Your disbelief is reasonable, and what I say or do here will only fan the flames of doubt growing within you. This is nature, and this is why we had to do what we did. Because of stubbornness, because of pride, because of greed, and because of doubt, peace can only be achieved through war,” she said solemnly. “You may feel like prisoners of a defeated country now, but I assure you that as time passes you all will feel like a part of something bigger, a citizen of a godly kingdom.”
“My name is Lyra Dreide. Today, I have stood above you as victor of this war, but I pray that the next time we meet, it will be as equals, and as friends.”
The Alacryan’s words lingered like a sweet candy after medicine. She didn’t just stop there; she then raised the stone pillar even higher and gently pulled the bodies of my parents and the king and queen of Sapin from the black spikes.
After setting them down one by one on the ground, she created a pit around their bodies before conjuring a flame in her hand.
“Our sovereign has decreed today, the twenty-fith sundown of Spring, as the day of rebirth.” In a single motion, she lit the pit on fire.
I pressed my hands over my mouth, physically restraining myself from screaming as I watched the flames burn higher. The thought of not even being able to properly send off my parents clawed at my insides making it harder to control my raging beast will.
“This is not a time for mourning and reflection of the past. Today is the start of a—”
The Alacryan’s speech was cut short.
It was then that I felt the subtle shift in the air.
My hair stood on its end, and I could feel the primal instincts of the elderwood guardian inside me tremble. Every fiber of my body told me I should get out of here.
I watched the bright flames dance in the pit as if mocking me. Rage and indignation bubbled in the pit of my stomach but I knew it was too late.
Biting my lower lip, I took one last look at the Alacryan named Lyra Dreide. I knew she wasn’t the one responsible for those black spikes that had killed Kathyln’s and my parents, but I wouldn’t forget her.
I found the Alacryan talking to a figure that wasn’t there before. With short black hair and a rather thin body frame, I swore I recognized him but he had his back turned toward me. Regardless, my body screamed at me to run away the moment my gaze turned toward the familiar man, and with how much was at stake, I followed my instincts.
Staying low, I weaved through the forlorn crowd, burying my own feelings from getting in my way. Wiping the tears from my face, I headed towards the buildings in the hopes that I’d be able to squeeze through the alleyway to escape.
There were two Alacryan soldiers guarding the path that I had come from. It would’ve been smarter to wait for at least one of them to leave, but behind me, I could feel the threatening presence growing closer.
Barely able to think over the sound of my own heart trying to break out of my ribcage, I ran past the Alacryan guards, blasting both with a gale of wind.

However, unlike the guards I had first met upon arriving through the gate, these Alacryans seemed ready.
The female guard to my right repelled my attack with her own blast of wind while the male guard to my left had managed to anchor himself to the ground, his entire body covered in reptilian scales made of stone.
The earth mage swung his arms, launching a barrage of the stone scales covering his body while the female guard sent a gale of wind from above, pushing me down to my knees.

With no choice and little time, I ignited my beast will and shrouded myself in the protective green aura of the elderwood guardian.
The stone scales were repelled and the wind had become manageable. Conjuring a translucent vine of mana in either direction, I killed the wind mage and injured the earth mage before running off.
Despite my victory, the dread in my heart grew. The threatening presence that made me fear for my life followed behind me like a shadow even as I reached the outskirts of the city. My first plan had been to try and make it back to the gate that I had crossed from, but even from a distance I could already see Alacryans heavily guarding all three gates of Etistin.
“Damn it,” I cursed under my breath. I leaped off from the building I was on top of and made my way towards the southwestern border of Etistin.
The closest city with a teleportation gate was Telmore city, which was just off the western coast. If I could make it there and use the medallion, I could still make it back to the refuge shelter. What worried me, however, was that the Alacryans would expect this.
With that in mind, I didn’t go directly to Telmore, but made my way toward the shore that the last major battle had occurred in. From what I’ve heard, General Varay had managed to build a massive field of ice off of the Etistin bay shore. This was the battle that both General Varay and Arthur had participated in. I wanted to see the spectacle for myself, and hopefully find some help.
After hours of nonstop running with wind magic through hills and dense arrays of trees, the sky had turned a deep orange from the setting sun. I knew I wasn’t too far from the coast, but I needed to rest.
I’ll head to the coast in a few hours and see if there are still any Dicathen soldiers still in the area. I didn’t believe the Alacryan named Lyra. There had to be soldiers on our side still fighting out there.
My mana-enhanced senses picked up on the slightest movement, making me stop mid-step. I knew as soon as I did that, that I had made a mistake. I shouldn’t have made it known that I could sense someone.
“Get on your knees and show your back.” a clear and authoritative voice rang from my right.
I immediately got on my knees and lifted up the bottom of my tunic to reveal my lower and mid-back.
“Clear,” a deep voice grunted from behind me.
Suddenly, a figure walked slowly into my line of sight, her hands held over her head in a sign of peace. She was thin and a head shorter than me, but her weathered face and toned body told me not to judge too quickly. Her expression was knitted into a suspicious scowl as she studied me.

After taking another few steps, she turned around slowly and removed her leather vest and lifted her shirt, revealing a tanned but otherwise clear back without the markings that Alacryan mages had.
She turned back around but kept her distance.
“Nod for yes, shake for no. Are you alone?” she asked quietly, her gaze constantly flitting left and right.
I nodded.
“Okay,” she replied, walking closer and stretching out her hand. “I am—was the head of the third vanguard unit. You can call me Madam Astera. What is your name?”
Looking around uncomfortably, I leaned in close and whispered. “Tessia Eralith.”
Madam Astera, who looked a few years older than my mother, flinched and she looked at me carefully before her eyes widened.
It only took a second for her to regain her composure and send me a nod. “We’ll talk later.”
With a quick gesture of her hand, I could hear several pairs of feet shuffling closer until her entire group joined us.
“We’re going back to our base,” she said, her voice barely above a whisper.
The rest nodded and I found myself trailing right behind Madam Astera.
“Are you all Dicathen soldiers?” I asked, catching up to her.
She nodded in reply, her head constantly moving, watching out for something amiss.
“How many of you are there?” I continued, making sure to keep my voice low.
Madam Astera shot me a cold glance. “You’ll see soon enough, Princess. For now we need to keep moving.”
I bit my lip, frustrated at her lack of proper response. “I’m on my way down to Telmore City. If we can rally up more soldiers from the battle of Etistin bay shore, then I can take—”
“Rally?” Madam Astera cut off, her gaze sharper than a dagger. She let out a sigh and held up a hand above her head.
The other Dicathians around us stopped in their position, most hidden behind trees, some crouched in shrubs and hollow logs.
“Follow me,” she muttered, climbing the steep hill that we had been at the base of.
I followed after her, using the jutting roots and rocks as footholds. Madam Astera got to the top first and I saw her looking out, her expression solemn. Finally reaching the top, my eyes looked up, taking in the sight of the setting sun. It was when my gaze dropped further down that I felt the blood drain from my face. From the twisting knot in my stomach to my trembling knees on the verge of collapsing, my entire body reacted to the sight as a sharp gasp escaped my throat.
Out on the Etistin bay shore, where one of the last large-scale battles had occurred, the icefield that I could only assume had once been white, had been turned into a traumatic scene.
Blood—so much blood—dyed the ice varying shades of red, from light pink, all the way to a deep maroon where I could see scores of corpses. Scattered amidst the field of red were eerily dark flames that looked more like smoke, and the same obsidian spikes that had killed my parents.
“Princess. You asked if we could rally more soldiers...” Madam Astera breathed. “I don’t think there are any more soldiers to rally. At least not here.”





Chapter 245
Chapter 245: Walking Catastrophe
“She really is a princess,” the balding bear of a man named Herrick muttered in a deep voice as he studied me intently.
“You’re making her uncomfortable you big oaf,” the girl called Nyphia berated.
“Sorry... I’ve just never seen a real princess before,” Herrick mumbled.
I held back a smile as I watched the two bicker before my eyes shifted to Madam Astera. She was talking to a thinner man—not much older than me—huddled over, hugging his knees as his entire body trembled. Jast had been here since we arrived, and judging by the condition he was in, I knew why; the guy was a mess.
Jast hadn’t said a word since we arrived, only muttering a string of incoherent words as he rocked back and forth.
“He had it the worst,” Nyphia commented, her steeled expression softening as she watched him. “He watched his entire unit slaughter each other in front of him.”
“Slaughter...each other?” I echoed, horrified.
Nyphia leaned close and whispered, “Yup. Even the girl we all knew he was ‘secretly’ dating.”
“Nyphia,” Madam Astera said, her voice sharp.
At the mention of her name, Nyphia’s body stiffened. “My apologies, Madam Astera.”
I watched as Nyphia scooted back over to where she was normally sitting. I found myself staring at her and Herrick, their bodies barely visible over the dim light artifact between us. While not as blatantly obvious as Jast’s state of mind, both Herrick and Nyphia were riddled with injuries.
Most notably, Herrick was missing his left hand, and by the blood spreading even over the thick bandages wrapped around his wrist, I could tell that the wound was fairly recent. Nyphia didn’t seem to have any injuries aside from the bloody gash running down the side of her face, but every time she moved her body, she would wince ever so slightly.
I felt a knot in my chest looking at them. On one hand, I pitied the state they were in, but on the other hand, I admired the fact that they were still able to smile despite their situation.
After Jast had fallen asleep with his head buried in his knees, Madam Astera walked over to the back of the cave where we were sitting around a dim light artifact.
She sat across from me, her gaze boring holes into my very soul. Both Nyphia and Herrick had stopped talking and it seemed like minutes until Madam Astera spoke again, and when she did, it wasn’t what I had expected her to say.
“F*ck!” she cursed, pounding the hard ground with her fist.
Nyphia, Herrick, and I were all taken aback by her sudden outburst. Combing back her bangs with her fingers, she stared at me and let out a sigh. “It doesn’t bode well to see you out here, Princess.”
That’s when I realized the reason for her outburst. I wasn’t hurt, but I was running away in disguise. My very presence all the way out here meant that something was very wrong, and she couldn’t have been more right.
I nodded. “You’re right, it doesn’t. But before I explain the situation out there, can you tell me what happened? To my knowledge, we were winning the battle at the Etistin bay shore.”

“We were and we weren’t,” she said cryptically. “My knowledge is filled with gaps since my unit was positioned towards the outskirts of the battle, but I’ll explain to the best of my abilities.”
And so, she told me what had happened while the rest of us silently listened.
The Bloodfrost Battle is what the soldiers had dubbed the massacre that occurred at the Etistin bay shore. During the time General Varay and Arthur were there, the battle was one-sided—Alacrya didn’t seem to have a chance. But as the battle progressed, it became more and more obvious that something was off.
The enemy soldiers threw themselves into battle without formation, fled or even begged for their lives, and sometimes, they’d even see soldiers sacrifice their comrades to save themselves.
Despite all of this, the higher ups continued the order to push forward. They wanted to take over the Alacryan ships docked at the other end of the ice field.
It was on the third day that the situation flipped. Madam Astera couldn’t tell me exactly how it had started, but it was when the new vanguard line that was supposed to relieve the current frontline’s position didn’t arrive that the soldiers knew something was wrong.
Then, Alacryan soldiers—actual soldiers in formation and tight teams that clearly knew what they were doing—came from behind. The majority of the Dicathen forces that were on the field were now suddenly pincered, and everyone could see the battle occurring above us in the sky.
General Varay was fighting an enemy capable of holding his own against the strongest lance. The Dicathen forces held strong though, and the reserves that had been fighting against the real Alacryan soldiers were slowly regaining their footing after their initial surprise.
Despite the major setback, once Lance Mica joined the battle, the Dicathians were hopeful to come out of this battle victorious... that was, until that man arrived.
Madam Astera’s expression darkened as she continued speaking, both Nyphia and Herrick trembling just at the mention of that person.
With the arrival of this new figure, the already-bloody battle had turned into a scene of hell. Scores of obsidian spikes shot out from the ground, skewering allies and enemies alike. Clouds of murky gray mist slowly spread, rendering affected troops into deranged monsters that attacked our own. But the worst were the black flames enveloping entire units of soldiers and growing larger despite the entire ground made of ice. In its wake laid only blood and soot.
It was just one man, but it was more accurate to call him a walking catastrophe. It only took several hours for the battle to be rendered into a graveyard.
“H-How did you guys survive that?” I asked, my voice coming out hoarse and shaken.
“Because the black fires, spikes, and smoke weren’t aimed but just spread randomly, Dicathians and Alacryans alike were affected. Those that hadn’t died from that deadly magic were able to escape since even the Alacryans were in a state of chaos,” Madam Astera explained, her gaze falling on where Herrick and Nyphia were. “There are definitely other survivors hiding out here if they hadn’t already gotten caught and captured, which is why we’ve been going on these runs—we’ve been trying to find more allies.”
“We found Jast as he was getting attacked and saved him yesterday,” she continued, taking a quick glance back at the sleeping teen curled into a ball before turning to us. “These two are what’s left of my unit, but there are a few more out there who were there when we first found you. We’ve worked out a system where one group comes back while the other circles around just in case we’re followed.”
I nodded, unable to come up with any sort of reply appropriate for this situation.
“How are your supplies looking?” I asked after a long pause.
“We can split the rations for four more days at the maximum between us five and the other three that’ll be here soon,” she said. “Besides sustenance, however, we have nothing. The emergency medical kit I was carrying in my dimension ring was used to patch up Herrick’s injury.”
At the reminder of his wound, the large soldier dipped his head, looking at the stump where his left hand used to be.
“Now, Princess. Tell us the situation out there. Is the war over? Have we lost?” Madam Astera asked, her large piercing eyes focused on me.
I shifted my gaze to Herrick and Nyphia; the two of them were staring back intently, hopeful—desperate.
I sat up and kept my expression stern and confident. “We lost this war, but it isn’t over.”

“Please elaborate,” Madam Astera insisted, leaning in closer.
And so, I showed them the medallion and told them about the refuge shelter that not even the Alacryans would be able to find, let alone break into. I told them that Commander Virion and General Bairon were both there, along with General Arthur, a powerful diviner, and even an emitter. I told them about how the diviner had prepared supplies in advance and that all the necessary components are there to sustain hundreds, if not thousands, of people.

But by the end of my hope-filled message, the three of them stared back at me with looks of indignation.
“So the outcome of this entire war had been predicted? We were doomed to lose from the start?” Nyphia muttered, horrified.
My heartbeat quickened. “What? N-No! I mean—”
“Did the Commander, General Arthur, and General Bairon run away from this battle to save themselves?” Madam Astera asked, her voice seething with controlled rage.
“Of course not! They had been attacked by a scythe at the Castle. They barely made it out of there alive,” I reasoned, not expecting this sort of reaction.
Madam Astera’s head sunk as she buried her face in her hands. Her shoulders bobbed up and down as she took deep breaths, until finally she looked back up with a hardened gaze.
“Last question, and please answer honestly,” she said, sending a chill down my spine. “Did they know?”
My brows furrowed. “Excuse me?”
“Commander Virion. General Arthur. General Bairon. Did these three people know what was going to happen here?”
“No!” I snapped. “No one but Elder Rinia, the diviner, knew! No one was more angry than those three for not being told about all of this. They blame themselves more than anyone for how this war ended, but they’re still there because they know it’s the only chance we have in taking back Dicathen!”
After long minutes of tortured silence, Madam Astera let out a breath. “I understand. So what’s the plan? Did you travel here because the diviner knew our location?”
I bit my lip, unable to answer. It was the opposite...I had snuck out here alone on this selfish quest to bring back my parents, only to fail and be chased away and found by Madam Astera’s group.
“I’ve come to find Dicathians and bring as many as I can back with me to the refuge shelter,” I lied.
The only consolation was seeing Herrick and Nyphia smile at each other, excited at the fact that they’d be safe once they were there. Even Jast raised his head, his gaze sober and hopeful.
Madam Astera nodded but I couldn’t read her expression. Regardless, they had agreed to go with me to Telmore City, where we’d either sneak in or fight our way to the teleportation gate there. All we had to do was wait for the rest of Madam Astera’s group to arrive.
An hour trickled by as we waited impatiently for more people to come, but no one did.
“They shouldn’t be out there for this long,” Madam Astera growled as she paced back and forth inside the cave. “I’ll go take a look alone. Stay here.”
“Wait,” I called out. “It’ll take too long if you go out and search for them by yourself, then come back. We travelled north to get here from where we were all at, if we go together and meet up with the rest of the group further down, it’ll be en route to Telmore City.”

“It will shave off at least half a day, depending on how fast we’re able to locate them,” Nyphia chimed in.
“I don’t like it, but you’re right. Princess, do you have any experience in tracking or scouting?” Madam Astera asked.
“I’ve had some training from my previous teacher on using wind magic for scouting but my actual experience is minimal,” I responded, tightening my leather boots.
“So you specialize in wind, good. That’ll be useful out there,” she replied, turning to Jast. “How do you feel? You had another one of your episodes again.”
The boy named Jast stood up slowly, slinging a sack over his shoulder. “I’m a bit better now. Thank you Madam Astera.”
“Then let’s get moving,” the leader said curtly.
We left the cave through the small entrance we had covered in foliage; from the outside, the little hideout was nothing more than a slope at the base of a hill.
Staying low and several yards apart from each other, we made our way south through the forest. The forest here weren’t nearly as dense or lush as the Elshire Forest—even the wildlife was scarce and timid.
I missed home, more than I ever did in the past. I had spent years in Sapin while I was at school, but the fact that I might not even have a home to go back to now really hit me.
Even if the castle that I grew up in was still there, what was the point? My parents were gone.
No. Not now, Tess. I swallowed and took a deep breath. I didn’t have the chance to properly mourn for my parents despite seeing their corpses put on display to send a message. Now, even their bodies were gone.
I took another breath, trying to calm myself. There would be a time to grieve once we’re all safe. For now, I needed to focus on getting everyone back to the shelter.
Distracting myself from my own thoughts by searching for the missing members of Madam Astera’s group, we continued backtracking our route.
I wasn’t sure how much time had passed, but suddenly, Madam Astera let out a trilling whistle like a bird. This was her signal for all of us to stop and lay low.
It only took me a few seconds to catch on to what the leader had seen and heard—just a few yards southeast from our position was the shuffling of shrubs and snapping of twigs. It was too large to be a rodent or hare, and it seemed too clumsy to be a deer.
We waited for Madam Astera to slowly stalk whatever was there, barely catching the reflection of her thin sword. She moved with ease, as if gliding through the trees and foliage as her presence was barely detectable even as I was watching her.
Despite the situation we were in, I couldn’t help but admire her prowess. She would be a powerful ally that could help smuggle away more people away from the Alacryans once she got settled.
I continued waiting—observing—my entire body tensed, as Madam Astera was almost upon the thing, when she jolted to a stop and gestured for us to come.
With a sigh of relief, we all hurried over to where she was, only to see her crouched over a figure I couldn’t quite make out.
Getting closer, my eyes widened at the sight of the injured soldier. He was a mess with his armor and clothes basically dyed with his own blood.
Beside me, Nyphia let out a gasp. “That’s Abath.”
She ran towards the injured man and I followed until I got close enough to hear the last part of what he was saying. “...was killed...a boy.”
Before I could even get the chance to interpret what he had said, my beast will suddenly ignited and every fiber in my body stiffened.
It was as if a heavy blanket of this carnal and unabated bloodlust had fallen over me. I was barely able to remain on my feet. Both Herrick and Nyphia fell on their knees, trembling while Jast had curled up into a fetal position, shaking violently.
Desperate, I turned to Madam Astera, only to see her staring behind me, wide-eyed, and lips trembling as she muttered, “Y-You...in the battle.”
I knew—my entire body knew—that unlike at the city center, it was too late to run away this time. Willing myself to turn around, I saw a person that I hadn’t seen in years. A person that I thought had died and had almost forgotten, but a person that couldn’t be more familiar.
His name escaped my lips as I stared at him. “E-Elijah?”





Chapter 246
Chapter 246: Dear Old Friend
Even as I said his name and knew who he was, Elijah had changed tremendously. Aside from the fact that he was now a head taller than me with skin as pale as alabaster, his short jet-black hair and sharp eyes made him look almost completely different.
Elijah let out a chuckle, his gaze fixed on me. “Long time no see, Tess. How’s Arthur doing?”
I shuddered as a sharp chill ran down my spine. Elijah and I had gone to school together—he was Art’s best friend. So why were his words so threatening?
“He’s doing fine,” I mustered, trying to stand taller as the pressure Elijah gave off continued to weigh down on me.
“Of course he’s doing fine. That fool has been as resilient as a cockroach for as long as I’ve known him.”
My brows furrowed at the unfamiliar word. “Cock...roach?”
“Guess you wouldn’t know yet,” he smiled, taking a step closer to me. “Come. Let’s go.”
“Go? Where?” I asked, my heartbeat quickening. “Elijah, what happened?”
Elijah flinched slightly at the mention of his name. “I’ll explain on the way. For now, it’d be best if you come with me.”
“Don’t!” a voice croaked from behind. I looked back to see Madam Astera back on her feet, her sword in hand.
“Impressive that you can talk despite the pressure I’ve put on you especially,” Elijah said. “But I advise you not to speak again.”
Madam Astera raised her sword, hands trembling. “H-He’s the...one...battlefield.”
I barely had time to think when I sensed danger. The instincts embedded into me through assimilation with my beast will caused me to tackle Madam Astera.
Glancing back to where she was standing before, there was an all-too-familiar black spike, jutting from the ground with blood dripping from its point.
Madam Astera groaned in pain, but my eyes remained glued to Elijah. “Y-You? How...”
We were told that the only ones able to conjure those black spikes were some of the scythes and their retainers. So why—how—was Elijah able to use it?
“A-Are you with the Alacryans?” I asked.
Elijah’s expression turned serious. “The Alacryans and I both have something we want to get out of this war. That is it.”
Realization dawned on me. “It was you—you were at Etistin. W-Were you the one that...”
Elijah took another step toward us. “Step away from the woman, Tessia.”
“I refuse,” I said through gritted teeth.
“G-Get out of here, Princess. It seems he can’t kill you,” Madam Astera whispered. “We’re no match. He’s the one that slaughtered scores of soldiers at the bay shore battle. There’s no mistaking it.”
“I’ve trained and suffered, waiting years for this, Tessia. Come with me and I’ll leave the others alone.”
I tightened my grip around Madam Astera.
Elijah let out a sigh. “Okay. I really didn’t want to leave any distasteful memories, but you leave me no choice.”
Another chill ran down my spine, signalling danger.
With just the faintest rustle, another black spike was conjured, piercing through the wounded soldier we had just found.

But it was too late.
Madam Astera jerked within my grasp, trying to reach her fallen comrade, but I kept her down.
“Come with me, Tessia,” Elijah repeated.
My mind spun as I tried to think of a way out of this. I knew I couldn’t go with Elijah. He was purposely keeping me alive for something. My first thought was that he was going to use me as a hostage, but then Elijah said he didn’t want to leave any distasteful memories...
Another chill ran down as I felt the fluctuation of magic. This time, there was only a surprised grunt in the distance before I saw it.
Jast had been pierced through the chest and hoisted into the air...just like my parents had been. The traumatized soldier’s expression wasn’t of pain but of surprise and confusion as blood dripped from the corners of his mouth.
“No!” Madam Astera screamed, trying to pry herself away from me.
“Now...” Elijah held out a pale hand. “Come. With. Me. ”
My gaze shifted from Jast’s corpse to Madam Astera and to Nyphia and Herrick.
I was caught between two choices: relent until everyone but me was killed, or go with him.
Desperation sunk in, and I decided to make my own third option.
Grabbing the blade of Madam Astera’s sword, I held it by my throat. “Don’t.”
A look of surprise skirted across Elijah’s face before he revealed a smirk. “You’re not going to kill yourself.”
Without another word, I pressed the edge of the blade against my throat until I drew blood.
This was a dangerous gamble, one that could get myself and the people around me here killed, but I knew I couldn’t go with him—I knew something far worse might happen if I went with him.
Fortunately, the gamble paid off. Elijah visibly stiffened and his brows knitted in frustration before he snapped. “Stop.”
I held the blade in place, keeping my expression firm despite the sharp pain radiating from my self-inflicted wound.
Fear bubbled up in the pit of my stomach. I didn’t want to die now. I didn’t want to die.
The hand holding the blade trembled, and it barely lowered because of my hesitation, but that was all Elijah needed.
Instantly, a thin spike shot through Madam Astera’s sword, knocking it out of my hand.
“I’m sorry I had to risk your life like that, but I’ve waited too long,” Elijah said sincerely as he walked towards me.
I fell back and scrambled desperately away from the man that was once Arthur’s friend. What had happened to him?
I hated myself for being so weak. Because of me, everyone here was going to die and I couldn’t do anything about it.
Elijah flicked his wrist, and another black spike shot up from the ground...through Herrick. I closed my eyes, unable to watch as Nyphia’s scream pierced through my ears.
My heart hammered against my ribs as my breath turned shallow. I tried to keep calm, but I was suddenly reminded of the battle in the Elshire Forest—all of the deaths that had been caused by me. I opened my eyes again to see the world spinning and tipping. I felt like I was drowning underwater as the only noise I could hear was my frantic heart beating and the short desperate breaths coming out of my mouth.
Then, suddenly, a hailstorm of golden white light rained down on Elijah. Clouds of dust enveloped the entire area as trees fell and the ground crumbled.
A dragon as black as the conjured spike a few steps in front of me appeared. Moments later, even through my blurry vision, I could make out the all-too-familiar figure with a head of long auburn hair, holding someone. Faint golden markings glowed just beneath his eyes as he appeared. As he looked at me, a mixture of emotions washed over me as my vision darkened: embarrassment, guilt, but most of all, relief.
“I’m sorry,” I said, not even able to hear my own voice.
I could make out more of Arthur’s face as he got closer. He was sweating and his usual composure was nowhere to be found. His mouth moved but I couldn’t hear what he said as the world faded into black.

ARTHUR LEYWIN
I dropped Nyphia, who I had practically pried away from her dead friend, and caught Tess as she fell unconscious. Slinging her over my shoulder, I snapped my fingers to get Nyphia’s attention.
“Help Madam Astera onto my bond,” I said sharply, jutting my head over to Sylvie, who was walking towards us.

Nyphia, who had been staring at me blankly, snapped out of her daze and nodded. She slung Madam Astera’s arm over her shoulders and helped her up onto Sylvie.
“What is this?” Madam Astera marveled as she got on top of my bond, her right ankle bleeding profusely.
Wordlessly, I handed Tessia to her and made sure all three of them were secure before I withdrew Static Void. I ignored the tight grip of fatigue around my mana core and jumped onto Sylvie’s back as we took off high into the cloudy skies.
How easy would it have been if I had full control over Aevum like Lord Indrath; I could’ve kept time frozen as I took everyone to safety. Of course, if I had the powers of an asura, things would never have escalated to this point.
‘Are you okay? You used borrowed aether arts for much longer than you’re used to,’ Sylvie asked, her concern emanating onto me.
I’ll be fine. Were you able to get a close look at that Alacryan though? From those black spikes and the pressure he gave off, he was at least a retainer and one we haven’t seen before.
‘I wasn’t able to make out his face either,’ she answered. ‘But he’s already approaching us.’
I sensed it too. We had already reached above the thick blanket of clouds and had already cleared several miles but I could feel the Alacryan’s presence not too far off.
Madam Astera was the next to sense our enemy’s approach. She jerked back, her face pale and expression grim.
She and I both knew that as soon as we landed, a battle would be inevitable. But that didn’t matter. I just needed to hold this person off until Madam Astera and Nyphia can get Tess through the portal safely. With the artifact she and I had, the portal would take us to the refuge shelter where the rest of them were waiting.
‘We’ll make it back,’ Sylvie assured. ‘We’re much stronger than we used to be.’
Without Dawn’s Ballad and the fact that I barely managed to wound a scythe out of sheer luck, I couldn’t help but feel a lingering doubt. Still, there were people waiting for me.
We continued flying through the air silently. Nyphia, who was around my age, was coping with her loss, trembling as she clutched something in her hands. I found myself staring at Madam Astera’s back as she held onto Tess. I didn’t think I’d meet the old soldier again after seeing her briefly at the battle of Etistin Bay... or even before that as a cook.
A sharp influx of mana behind me snapped at my attention. Immediately, I whirled around, conjuring a dome-shaped barrier of ice. Not a second later, sharp cracks resounded, cutting through the howling wind as black spikes embedded themselves onto the ice barrier before it shattered.
I utilized the dense clouds below us to fuel another frost barrier but the barrage of black spikes continued unceasingly.
Sylv. Dip lower into the clouds, I conveyed while manipulating the dense clouds to cover our movements.
‘Got it. We’re almost at Telmore City,’ my bond informed.
We picked up speed during our descent, giving me enough time to prepare an attack. Unable to use lightning effectively because of the abundance of moisture around us, I readied a barrage of ice shards in the general direction of the approaching Alacryan, adding a deadly spin and boost in speed using wind magic as well.
My spell tore through asunder, punching dozens of holes through the clouds. My confidence wavered as I spotted the black dot approaching, unabated by my attack.
Soon after, the black dot multiplied and I found myself facing another two dozen black spikes the size of spears.
Faster! I snapped, unwilling to waste any more mana right now when a battle on the ground seemed inevitable. At this point, I could only pray that there wasn’t another retainer or scythe waiting for us by the teleportation gate.
Finally, after speeding down through an endless visage of murky gray, we burst through the cloud floor. Below, the city of Telmore exploded into view, its buildings and the surface they were built on fast approaching.
Even with the wind magic I had cast around us, Madam Astera and Nyphia had to clutch tightly around Sylvia’s back spine to keep from falling off.
‘Arthur! Help me with the landing!’ Sylvie pleaded as we approached the paved clearing in the middle of Telmore City. My gaze shifted back and forth between the approaching black spears and the ground, my ears popping from the change in pressure.
“Hold on!” I roared as I ignited Realmheart and cast a powerful updraft just in time for Sylvie to spread her wings.

Simultaneously, I cast another barrier of ice over us as the black spears began raining down. The spears were different this time though—they burned right through the ice barrier.
“Damn it,” I cursed. Curling my hand into a fist, I dispelled the frozen barrier over us, shattering it before using the same updraft I had conjured to slow our descent to redirect at least some of the black spears.
Just how much mana does that retainer have to constantly churn out spells like this? I wondered in frustration as we neared the ground.
I could barely make out the screams and shouts from the people below as they scattered below us.
Suddenly, Sylvie let out a cry and we jerked to the left.
‘I was struck on my right wing,’ Sylvie sent painfully as we started spiraling out of control.
It took a few minutes for Sylvie to be able to coat her wing in mana and slowly close her wound before she regained control. The problem now was being able to slow down our descent fast enough to land safely instead of crashing like a meteor.
With my attention split between creating the updraft as well as fighting off the scores of black spears that didn’t seem to be stopping, however, I couldn’t help but prepare for the worst.
We plummeted down, Sylvie’s wings spread wide to catch as much of my updraft as possible.
Just as my fears were about to come true, a green light emanated from around me.
I spared just a glance back to see Tess awake and back up on her feet.
The light had spread from Tess and onto Sylvie as green translucent tendrils of mana shot out from underneath my bond, embedding themselves into the ground and buildings around us.
Most of the translucent vines ripped apart as they tried to counter the speed of our fall, but I could feel us slowing down.
Trusting Sylvie and Tess to handle the fall, I focused my attention back to the approaching Alacryan speeding towards us like an ebony comet.
Utilizing both fire and water, I conjured a blast of thick steam towards our enemy in order to obscure his vision before releasing an arc of lightning. The blast of steam served as a powerful conductor for the lightning, creating a lightning-cloud that lit up the darkening sky in brilliant flashes of gold.
At the last moment, Sylvie cast a barrier of mana around us, and with Tess’ beast will slowing our fall, we were able to land on the ground without a scratch.
“Let’s go!” I snapped, picking Nyphia up by her waist as Tess and Madam Astera hopped off of Sylvie.
I glanced down at Madam Astera’s right ankle. She had enveloped a thick layer of mana just around the wound to keep it from bleeding. It was only a temporary solution but a smart choice with how little time we had.
“I-I can run!” Nyphia said, her face red froms she struggled underneath my arm.
“Good.” I let her go and we all began racing towards the podium only a few hundred feet east with Tess and Madam Astera leading the way.
Sylvie changed into her human form and followed closely behind me when Tess suddenly looked back at me over her shoulder.
It was only for a split second and no verbal exchange happened but the expression she made as she looked at me lingered.
With our mana-clad bodies, we quickly approached our destination, but so had our enemies. There were Alacryan soldiers lined up in rows between us and the teleportation gate, but they weren’t the reason that every hair on my body stood on its end.
I glanced back to see a black fire burning away at the lightning cloud and a figure merely standing on the ground where we had landed.
My eyes widened at the sight of the same power as that scythe I had fought against in the Castle.
With Realmheart still active, I could see the horrifying amount of mana coagulating, not just around him, but on the ground below us as well.
My mind whirled as I debated whether to risk using Static Void once more. Encompassing our entire group long enough for us to make it to the portal without the help of mana would take a minute, maybe more.
My gaze landed on Nyphia and Madam Astera. Could I abandon these two and lessen the burden?
“Arthur!” Sylvie shouted, urging me to do something— anything .
I cursed under my breath and decided.
I used Static Void... only on myself. I whirled back, digging my heels into the ground and dashing back to where the Alacryan was preparing his devastating attack, hoping to withdraw Static Void in front of him and dispel his magic.
But as I got close enough to make out who my opponent was, my concentration wavered and Static Void shattered out of existence.
There was a look of surprise at my sudden appearance just a few yards away from him, but his lips curved into a smirk.
His arms lowered but the umbral energy still swirled around his hands as Elijah greeted me. “Long time no see, my dear old friend...Grey.”





Chapter 247
Chapter 247: Not Alone
Air seized in my chest as I struggled to process what was going on. Elijah, who had been taken by Draneeve during the invasion of Xyrus Academy, was alive and standing in front of me.
“Elijah? W-What’s going on? How are you...” my voice trailed off as the two of us exchanged gazes. The expression he held was tense and he looked older for some reason. He was definitely Elijah, but everything about him seemed just a little off.
With a sneer, Elijah leaped back, his arms swirling with a black aura.
I responded in turn, igniting Realmheart Physique to its fullest extent. I needed to. Just from what he showed me, his spell formations were almost instant. If I was going to get out of this alive, I needed to know where and how his spells were going to form beforehand.
I could see my bangs turn white while golden runes began pulsating on my skin. As the otherworldly power of an asura coursed through my veins, I felt myself calming down—becoming more detached—as a cool blanket draped over my mind.
With a thought, I withdrew the only sword I had left in my dimension ring—the remaining sword of the pair that Senyir, Trodius’ daughter, gave to me.
The golden sword slid out of its scabbard with a soft hum. Tightening my grip around its handle, I faced Elijah, a whirlwind of ash-like mana converging around his hands, ready to be unleashed.
I need to stop him. I’ll pry the answers out of him after that.
I dashed forward, closing the gap between us in three steps. I aimed for his midsection but a black spike erupted from the ground between us, parrying my swing.
“Why are you doing this, Elijah?” I seethed, repositioning myself. I didn’t let him rest. The physical training I had done with Kordri kicked in. My feet blurred in a series of complicated footwork maneuvers designed for sharp directional changes.
“After what you’ve taken away from me, don’t you feel bad asking me that, Grey?” Elijah replied, voice laced with anger.
His eyes couldn’t keep up but the spikes that could be conjured from thin air and even faster from the ground seemed more like an automatic defense system rather than a willful conjuring.
Meanwhile Elijah continued to try and back away, his face tense but controlled as he continued preparing his spell.
I could see through Realmheart the form that this massive spell would take, pressuring me to move faster and hit harder. My initial plan was to confront him in close combat in order to conserve my mana and to exploit his weakness, but as our clash went on, I had the feeling more and more that it wouldn’t be as easy as it had been in my head.
Even while integrating elemental magic into my blade, the black flames swirling around his hands ate away and even got larger after consuming my attacks. I was able to slice through the black spikes that seemed to endlessly conjure and protect their master, but not without my blade sustaining damage as well.
With a blast of black fire, Elijah propelled himself back, putting distance between the two of us as I quickly discarded my outer robe, which caught on fire.
In that short span of time, a trail of the ash-like mana accumulated in a path from where Elijah now stood, all the way to the portal. Tess, Sylvie and everyone else all stood in that path.
Sylvie, I called out in my mind, sharing with her the path of Elijah’s spell. With a mental nod of confirmation, I turned my attention back to my friend.
“Damn it, Elijah,” I whispered. Dropping the steel scabbard on the ground, I imbued more mana and swung the sword at Elijah.
Not a sound was made as the blade sliced through the air, but the effects were shown immediately. Dozens of thin paths carved themselves like intertwining snakes on the ground as a flurry of crescents honed in on my old friend.
Elijah finished his attack prematurely. His spell was three-part—the first part made the ground crack and crumble, the second part raised chunks of the ground into the air, and the third part...
Thrusting his palms forward, Elijah unleashed a score of obsidian spikes from the ground and from the large chunks of stone floating in the air. Like the inside of a large tunnelworm’s mouth, rows and rows of sharp fangs shot out, tearing apart my spell.
Receiving a mental signal from Sylvia telling me that the three of them were at a safe distance away, I concentrated ahead.
Realmheart allowed me to see the locations where the spikes would shoot out from and even how large they were before the spikes even manifested.

I took a sharp breath, as electricity filled my body, stimulating and forcibly enhancing my reflexes. I tuned everything out and focused solely on the path leading me to my opponent.
Now.
Blood pumped through my limbs and the muscles in my legs and core tensed. I pushed off with my feet, feeling the paved ground beneath crumbling from the force.
I shot forward, trusting my body and instincts to take me to the exact location I wished.
Like a well-orchestrated performance, a black spike shot out from the ground just where my feet were, giving me another foothold to push off from.
Despite the seemingly random pattern that the black spears exploded out from the ground like deadly pistons, I was always at the right place at the right time.
I weaved through the jungle of black fangs as more and more spikes shot out in all directions before nearing Elijah.
Stabbing my golden blade forward, I released an arc of lightning that glowed black under the influence of Realmheart Physique.
Three black horns jutted in front of Elijah, conducting and redirecting the blast of lightning. The black tendrils of electricity spiraled down the thick black spikes that Elijah had conjured, destroying the ground.
Elijah’s lips quivered in a snarl as mana gathered around his lower face. A black fire roared to life from his mouth as he bellowed like a dragon.
The hellfire grew stronger as it approached, consuming the black spikes as fuel.
Under the influence of Realmheart, I stayed calm, calculating the best possible scenario out of this.
The cold whisper in my mind told me to activate Static Void, to close the distance and finish it cleanly from behind. I almost listened—even if I couldn’t land a killing blow, I could injure him heavily enough to change the tide of battle.
But Sylvie’s voice pierced through.
‘Block the attack or the teleportation gate is going to be destroyed! We can’t afford to travel to another one!’ Sylvie screamed.
Sharing our thoughts, I could sense Sylvie shifting back into her draconic form while Tess, Madam Astera and Nyphia fought off the remaining Alacryan soldiers.
Trusting her, I held my ground and released Thunderclap Impulse. The tinge of electricity around my body faded and I devoted my mana into my next attack.
I held my sword close to my body with its tip pointed at the approaching fire. A white fire ignited on the blade, shining brightly like liquid pearl as I imbued more and more of my internal mana as well as manipulated the mana around me to fuel my attack.
During this time, a concentrated blast of pure mana shot out from behind me, enveloping Elijah completely and creating another crater.
With the spell interrupted, the size of the hellblaze stayed constant, but continued its fast approach.
Gathering more and more power into my spell, I waited until the last moment before thrusting my sword forward, releasing the white flame that had covered my clothes in a layer of frost and had frozen the ground around me.
A swirling cone of white frostfire ripped out of my sword and clashed against the raging black inferno.
A shockwave of force as my spell continued to drill through the black fire pushed me back on my feet even as I used wind magic to keep me steady. The golden blade of my sword shattered from the stress of conjuring the spell, but the two spells managed to cancel each other out.
Is everyone okay? I asked my bond.
‘Yes. No one was hurt...on our side.’
Confused by her words, I glanced back to see the scope of damage from Elijah’s spell. The black fire wasn’t able to reach past me, but the spikes made it all the way to where the teleportation gate was.
Even more horrible were the bodies of Alacryan soldiers that were guarding the gate stuck on the black spikes.

I didn’t have time to dwell on them.
Can you guys reach the portal? I asked.

‘No. I can break the black spikes but even then, it’ll take some time to make it to where the portal was buried.’
As I cursed under my breath, my mind spun trying to make sense of everything and—more importantly—getting Sylvie, Tess, Madam Astera, and Nyphia out of here.
If I shot out a spell powerful enough to clear the forest of black spikes, I would also destroy the teleportation gate, but I also couldn’t just wait for more Alacryans—perhaps even a retainer or scythe—to come while we tried to fish the gate out.
Suddenly, a blast of black fire exploded into view from the crater where Elijah was.
With a hand clad in frostfire, I parried the sphere of hellfire, only for it to hit and bring down an entire building nearby. The fire ate away at the structure, growing bigger until everything was consumed.
Elijah walked out of the crater, unharmed.
“Who are you?” I asked, remembering what his first words to me were.
The corner of Elijah’s lips curled into a sneer. “You’re smarter than that. I guess the years of living comfortably in this world have made you soft.”
Elijah lifted his hands, but before his spell could manifest, I was already within arm’s length of his face.
Weaponless, I swung my fist down, wind spiraling from the speed of my punch. Another black spike jutted out to protect Elijah’s face from my blow but I didn’t stop.
With wind speeding my swing and pure mana strengthening the force of my blow, I crushed through the damned spike and landed the punch right on Elijah’s jaw.
The sound of crashing thunder resounded from the impact of my blow and Elijah’s body was buried into the ground.
“You’re not Elijah so I’m going to ask this one more time. Who the hell are you?”
Elijah stood back up from the hole his body had created in the ground. His jaw had been shattered and most of his teeth were gone but as a smoky black ember burned through his face, the injuries he had sustained were recovering.
Of course he has regenerative abilities, I thought, grimacing at the radiating pain stemming from the knuckles I had fractured from punching through the black spike.
My frustration grew as I saw scores of Alacryan soldiers rushing towards us from both sides. If things progressed like this, I’d have to fight hundreds of soldiers as well as Elijah.
“Arthur!” Tessia’s voice echoed from behind. Sylvie and Tess were running towards me.
“Stay back!” I roared, my voice coated with an otherworldly power as Realmheart Physique’s effects got stronger. I released an arc of lightning at Elijah before he could fully recover, trying to keep him from coming out.
‘Elijah won’t kill Tessia,’ Sylvie stated. ‘He could’ve killed her multiple times before we arrived but he didn’t.’
There are more Alacryans coming. It’s still too dangerous—just get her out of here!
As if a burning rod pressed down on my brain, Sylvie’s anger exploded.
‘No! Why must you always go about life-threatening situations on your own?! I am your partner, not some gopher to escort your princess to safety.’
Sylvie, I pleaded. I couldn’t let either of them get hurt, and Sylvie knew that.

‘We fight together, and get out of this together,’ she said resolutely, her uneasiness leaking through.
Giving up, I shifted my gaze to Madam Astera. A deep crimson aura encased her sword as she and Nyphia slowly but surely began hacking down the hundreds of black spikes that stood in the way between us and the teleportation gate.
Damn it, Sylvie. Fine, you and Tess keep the Alacryans away from us.
‘Good plan.’ My bond sent me a mental smirk.
‘Elijah’ and I were roughly equal in terms of power. I was faster and stronger physically, but he was more than able to make up for it using the same unique magic that Uto was able to use, alongside an even more powerful black fire—the same as that scythe who killed Elder Buhnd.
And while it wasn’t appropriate, I was admittedly worried about Tess finding out about who Grey was after this.
Shaking away my concerns, I dashed towards Elijah. Close friend or not, I needed to stop him.
Seeing me approach, Elijah conjured another rally of obsidian spears and fired them at me.
I can do this, I thought. Elijah’s control over the black spikes and the speed at which they were formed weren’t on the level of Uto and I had gotten stronger since my fight against him.
With mana pumping through my veins and coalesced around my body, I easily dodged the spears with minimal movement before a wave of black fire shot out from Elijah’s palms.
Not willing to waste mana on confronting the hellfire head on, I leapt over it.
Mid-jump—out of the corner of my eyes—I could see the fight going at the edge of the crater we were in. Golden lights flashed from Sylvie’s attacks while tendrils of green whirled and whipped in a blur.
Comforted by the fact that they were doing fine despite the overwhelming numbers against them, I focused on my opponent.
Rather than going for raw power like him, I used my mana efficiently. With the control I had gained from reaching white core, I molded mana, coalescing different attributes together to form several condensed bullets of varying colors. With a burst of blue fire, aided by wind magic, the five bullets pierced through the air in streaks of light like multicolored lasers.
Three were blocked by the black spikes but one grazed his leg and another hit him squarely in his arm, burning a hole through his limb.
Following up, I dashed toward Elijah, frost accumulating around my arm.
“You’re not a match for me in this world, Grey,” Elijah stated as he jumped backwards and conjured a thin layer of smoke.
With Realmheart active, I could tell that this spell was similar to the very first retainer I had fought, who was able to conjure and manipulate deadly toxins and poisons.
“Don’t let that gas touch you!” Tess shouted from the edge of the crater.
The gas wove together and shot forth like a serpent striking at its prey.
Skidding to a stop, I used the ice-attuned mana surrounding my arms and slashed at the air. A shimmering crescent-shaped blade of white fire tore free from my swing, cresting through the air while leaving a trail of frost in its path.
The spell sliced through the snake-like spell, freezing it. The icy crescent nicked Elijah in the shoulder. Even as the effects spread, freezing his left arm, Elijah thrust out a palm at me.
Four black spikes erupted from the ground around me, only two of which I managed to avoid. One had pierced through my ankle and the other grazed my side.
I buckled as I felt a throbbing burn radiating from my wounds.
Meanwhile, Elijah’s arms, one frozen and another with a charred hole through it, were both healing.
Damn it. He’s just sacrificing his limbs to give me injuries.
My injuries were healing as well but the spikes that had pierced through me were coated in poison and it was interfering with my own regenerative abilities.
I looked for an opening to use Static Void once more—I needed to end this quick—but Elijah seemed to be conscious of my abilities. He had positioned spikes around himself at all times to keep me from getting into direct range without him being able to react. His black fire directly countered a lot of my spells while his spikes were able to conduct and redirect my lightning.
His weakness was confrontational combat, but he was smart and shrewd. Elijah was playing a game of tactics, keeping me in range while slowly whittling me down despite my superior speed and strength.
I have to assume that our mana pool is around the same, mine maybe even lower. If I want to win this fight soon, I need more power.
As I gritted my teeth, mind whirling to form a plan, a cool and comforting sensation resonated from my core. It was from Sylvia’s dragon will.
It told me to let it take control— Sylvia was telling me to let her take control.





Chapter 248
Chapter 248: His Name
Frustration, anxiety, doubt, and fear—all of those emotions faded as a shroud of black lightning crackled around me. I let myself sink deeper into the cold embrace of Realmheart. The feeling reminded me of when I had talked to Lord Indrath, Sylvie’s grandfather. He had that lofty, detached air around him as if he wasn’t a part of this world, but above it. I started to realize why.
As aether continued to coalesce around me, weaving its ethereal tendrils into my body, I could see the runes spreading and connecting with one another around my body. I felt calloused, numb as the power from Sylvia’s dragon will flowed freely. It was an intoxicating feeling.
I was a king in my previous life, and I stood as one of the pinnacles of strength throughout an entire continent in this life, but what I felt now was true—divine—power.
‘Arthur! Stop! You’re hurting yourself,’ Sylvie begged in my mind, but I pushed it aside. I was tired of losing battle after battle. Uto, Cylrit, the scythe that had taken Sylvia—I had lost to all of them.
Not today, especially not against this fraud who had possessed the body of my closest friend.
The tendrils of lightning shifted in color as they coiled around my body. I could see the aether being drawn to me and the black lightning soon had a faint shade of purple mixed in.
‘Arthur!’ Sylvie said, her voice farther back now.
Confident and ready, I took a step. That earth-shattering step managed to carry me past Elijah fast enough that he was still looking at where I stood before.
I extended an arm and the aetheric lightning shot out like a whip. Elijah barely managed to shift his black spears in the way of my attack, but he flew back from the impact, crashing on the dented ground a few dozen feet away to where the other Alacryans were.
Taking another step, I cleared the distance and hung in the air. The shroud of lightning around me lashed out in all directions, arcing and forking towards the Alacryans closest to me and piercing through their armor and bodies as if they were made of paper.
A few Alacryans who managed to keep their wits retaliated with spells of their own, but it was useless. I ignored the blasts of fire and let the shards of ice and stone shatter against the lightning protecting me.
My eyes gazed down at the hundreds of Alacryans looking up at me like a god.
‘...hurting...sto—’ my brows furrowed in annoyance.
Suddenly a black inferno roared outward, enveloping me in a shadowy vortex.
The shroud of lightning and aether around me grew, striking out at the whirling darkness around me. Embers clung to some of the lightning tendrils and to my body but they didn’t bother me.
With another thought, the shroud of lightning was replaced by a nimbus of white fire tinged with aether. The black fire this time weren’t able to burn through and sizzled out of existence at the frostfire’s touch.
Slashing my arms out, a ripple of white flames undulated outward, freezing and shattering everything in its path.
With another flick of a wrist, a pulse of white aetheric fire burst forth, hitting Elijah and smashing him back into the frozen ground. As the mist and dust subsided, Elijah came into view, clothes and hair disheveled, and arms crossed as the remains of frozen black spikes lay scattered around him.
He looked back up at me, brows furrowed, sweating... biting his lower lip in a grimace.
I winced at the familiar sight. I tried to dig through my memories at why Elijah looked so familiar, yet so unfamiliar at the same time.
But the veil of apathy that had enveloped me clung on, pushing away the urge to question my opponent and focus solely on killing him.
As more and more of Sylvia’s dragon will pumped out of my core and through my veins, the stronger I heard the old dragon’s voice. Memories of my time with her in that cave after falling off the cliff began to surface, and I began to trust in that voice more and more.
I let the otherworldly power take control over my body and my mind for the sake of killing Elijah and getting Tess and Sylvie to safety.
Had I broken through past the white core stage? Was this Sylvia’s message to me—to destroy anyone and everyone for the sake of those precious to me?
That had to be it. There was no other reason why I would be hearing Sylvia’s voice right now. There was no other explanation for this sudden influx of power.

‘Arthu...plea...stroying...ody...’
I pushed away my bond’s voice. She didn’t understand; she didn’t know. She didn’t know of Sylvia’s promise to me—that she had a message for me once I had broken past the white core realm.
My vision swam in a tinge of lavender as aether gathered around me. The motes of purple danced as if celebrating my ascension to the throne.
I truly felt like a deity...like an asura.
Shifting my attention back to Elijah, I noticed his gaze flitting off to the side as if he was waiting for something...or someone.
I let out a breath and the motes of aether fluttered in front of me. Raising an arm completely enveloped in a golden aura, I flicked my wrist.
Aether heeded my call, molding around the blade of wind that I had shot at Elijah.
My opponent, his legs injured from my previous attack, chose to block my attack. Rows of black spikes, lit aflame in that hellfire capable of eating away at even water and mana, erupted from the ground in front of him, but the silvery crescent tinged purple that I had released mowed through the rows of black spikes like they were made of butter.
Elijah, realizing that his defenses were useless, barely managed to throw himself out of the way but not in time to get out unscathed.
He let out a howl of pain while clutching what was left of his severed arm. Even then, he dared to launch another attack at me.
A smirk rose from my lips as I took a step in the air. With control of spatium, the motes of aether converged into a bridge in front of me, and that single step cleared the dozens of yards instantly and without using strength. It was the very world that had folded in front of me.
Elijah only managed to widen his eyes in shock before I held out a hand. Aether converged around the stub of his right arm where his hellfire was currently regenerating the lost limb.
Under my influence, however, the black fire turned purple and rather than heal him, it was eating away at him.
“Not a match, you say?” I mocked, my voice tinged with an ethereal timbre.
Elijah bit his lower lip harder, stifling a scream.
With blood streaming down the corner of his mouth, Elijah scoffed at me. “I knew you’d show your true face. Whatever name and appearance you take on, you’ll always be the same, Grey.”
My eyes narrowed but the cool blanket of apathy abated the message of his words. The only thought that throbbed in my mind was how this person—Elijah, my once close friend—was trying to harm Tess.
“Goodbye,” I muttered, raising a hand to finish the job.
‘Arthur! Dodge!’ Sylvie’s voice suddenly screamed in my head.
Pure instinct took hold and I kicked forward, pushing myself back just as a blazing pillar of black erupted from the ground where I had been standing.
I berated myself for hyperfocusing on Elijah to the point where I didn’t notice the fluctuation of magic even through Realmheart.
The black flame barely managed to graze my left foot but the difference in power was evident. Even with the protection of aether currently surrounding my body, I felt a scalding pain radiating from my foot.
The intensity and speed of conjuration was on a different level from Elijah’s black flames.
Following the trail of mana fluctuation, I shifted my gaze to my right and up in the sky. As soon as I confirmed who it was, I couldn’t help but smile.
I could feel Sylvia shake in anger and anticipation inside me, as if even her will knew who was responsible for her death.
My body, bathing in an aether-tinged golden light, glowed brighter and stronger. This time would be different from the Castle.
The scythe arrived beside Elijah, his face a mask of indifference and poise.

He laid a hand on the purple flame eating away at where his arm used to be and it was replaced by a smoldering black flame that began slowly, but visibly, regenerating Elijah’s arm.
Rather than rushing in to fight, I kept my distance while healing my foot as well using life aether. I could also feel Sylvie’s healing touch as she continued keeping the Alacryans at bay with Tess. They were at a standstill, both sides not sure what to do in the presence of Elijah, the scythe, and myself.

“You made it clear to me that you’d win against your friend,” the scythe said.
“I can—I was, until he entered that form,” Elijah grimaced.
“No matter. The fault is mine. I let him live in exchange for keeping the Castle in one piece as Lord Agrona had ordered.”
The nonchalance that the scythe showed as he disregarded my very presence festered like an itchy sore until I wasn’t able to hold it back any longer.
The aether around me formed into a bridge once more, connecting me to where Elijah and the scythe were standing.
I stepped forward and the world folded in front of me, carrying me to them.
Aetheric lightning flashed I pummeled the scythe in the stomach.
A shockwave blasted outward from the impact, blowing Elijah back as well as many of the other Alacryans in the vicinity.
Cracks webbed out from where my fist clung to the scythe’s armor, but he hadn’t even needed to take a step back.
“We’re no longer in the Castle so it’s acceptable for me to be a bit excessive,” he stated, a smirk drawn across his face.
A chill ran down my spine as he swung his hand. A shadowy wave of fire erupted from his hand, engulfing me and everything behind me.
Aether swirled around me, protecting me from the hellfire that ignited even the air and paved ground.
Despite the cone-shaped devastation —that left every Alacryan in its way dead—I was still standing. However, the scythe wasn’t my only opponent.
I spotted Elijah flying over toward Tess.
The thought of Elijah reaching Tess was sobering. The cold blanket of apathy that had covered my mind shattered and the single-minded thought of killing the scythe and ‘winning’ faded until I could think more clearly.
Vision and mind renewed, I was deeply aware of everything going on around me, from Alacryans burning to ashes around me, to Tess, Sylvie, Nyphia, and Madam Astera fighting for safety rather than victory, and finally, myself. I was aware of the change in my body, and also the current state of my body. I chose not to fear the inevitable, instead, using it to fuel my motivation to get the rest of them back to the shelter. I guarded my mind so Sylvie wouldn’t find out, and I let out a sharp breath.
I was clear-minded and had control over the full, unrestrained, power of Realmheart. I could do this. I had to do this.
I immediately went after him. Spatium carried me to where he was in another single step. My fist struck him on his side and I could feel his ribs shattering under the force despite the wave of smokey fire that attempted to block some of the damage.
Elijah fell from the air, his body whirling out of control before creating a crater on the side of a building.
Mana fluctuations rippled in the air all around me, and I knew what was coming.
Pushing myself away with a compressed blast of fire, I narrowly dodged a series of sudden combustions in the air.
I was barely able to dance away, dodging as hellflames bloomed in the air like deadly black flowers.
The black conflagrations suddenly stopped as Sylvie launched a shockwave of pure mana from her serpentine jaw at the scythe.
Pushing aside my worries and trusting my bond, I flew over where Tess was still fighting the Alacryans.

Even while surrounded, the translucent green vines surrounding her acted as if they had minds of their own. Whipping, striking, piercing her foes, it was hard to tell who was actually at a disadvantage.
Deciding that she would be fine for now, I made my way to where the teleportation gate had been buried beneath a tide of black spikes.
There, I spotted Nyphia slow chipping away at the black spikes while Madam Astera held off several dozen Alacryan mages by herself.
Immediately, I closed the distance and unleashed a blast of frostfire at the Alacryans, freezing half of them in a single spell.
I ignored the rest, letting Madam Astera handle it while I got to work on the black spikes.
While half-tempted to release a torrent of lightning, I was too afraid that the gate would be damaged so I clad my fists in lightning and charged forth.
“Nyphia! Help Tess and get her here!” I ordered.
“G-Got it!” Nyphia scrambled out of the way as I punched through the scores of black spikes jutting from the ground and blocking the teleportation gate.
My lightning-clad fists shredded through the layers as I kept my senses clear in case Elijah or the scythe was nearby.
A piercing scream suddenly invaded my thoughts.
Sylvie! I called out as her mind clouded in a sea of pain that even I could feel through our shared minds.
‘Just keep... going!’ she sent with whatever was left of her sanity.
I could feel the ground shake with every explosion of black flames and pure mana in the distance, but I continued to push forth until I could see the faint glow of the teleportation gate.
Almost there!
Suddenly the sky darkened and a shadow cast just above me. Realmheart continued to cycle through me, burning away at my own body but I relied on it once more as I layered aether over the frostfire surrounding my two hands.
I pushed , sending out a shockwave of aetheric ice straight at the black hellfire descending on both myself and the teleportation gate just beside me.
As the two forces clashed, a shockwave rippled, shattering some of the black spikes. The teleportation gate also quivered and groaned, threatening to break and leave us stranded here.
Still, the ancient portal held strong and now there was a path directly to it. Tess, Nyphia and Madam Astera were running towards me as well. They’d be able to make it back.
“Hurry through the portal!” I roared as the three of them ran past me.
Tess turned back, facing me as she continued racing for the portal. “What about you?”
“I have my own medallion. I’ll meet you back at the shelter with Sylvie. Now go !”
“Grey! You can’t do this to me, not again!” Elijah shouted from above, desperately trying to get here in time. “Not after what you did to me and Cecilia!”
Elijah’s words struck like thunder, and I almost let him get to the portal.
With aether under my command, I closed the distance, just as he was about to fire a black spear at the gate, and intercepted him.
Wounded and tired, Elijah wasn’t a match anymore while I was in this state.
I gripped his neck and squeezed just hard enough so he could barely talk.
“How do you know that name?” I growled.
“Looks like you’re finally...sober,” he wheezed. “If you weren’t...under the influence of that power that’s...killing you right now, you might’ve already figured it out.”
I squeezed harder, making him gag, before loosening my grip. “Who are you.”
Elijah spat on my face before smiling, revealing his blood-stained teeth. “I was your best... friend, and the one whose fiancée you killed in front of me.”
My grip loosened and I felt my strained heart clutch. My mind swam and my entire body felt like it was submerged in tar. My throat tightened and choked as it tried to keep me from muttering the single word that pressed against my brain like a smoldering brand.
“Nico?”





Chapter 249
Chapter 249: Gone
Explosions of black and gold from Sylvie and the scythe’s battle resounded in the distance but I was focused on the man I had in my grasp.
“I-It can’t—no, it’s impossible. There’s no way—”
“That I’m...Nico?” Elijah coughed as he pried my fingers apart just enough so he could speak. “If you’ve reincarnated into this world, Grey, why is it impossible for anyone else to as well?”
The hand currently wrapped around Nic—no, Elijah, trembled uncontrollably. I squeezed harder. I didn’t want him to talk. I wanted to deny everything. I couldn’t bear whatever it was that he was about to say.
“Art! Watch out!”
Tess’ scream jolted me out of my thoughts, but I couldn’t fully dodge the back spike that Elijah had launched from the ground.
My grip around the black-haired traitor’s neck loosened and Elijah took advantage of that moment perfectly, prying himself loose and punching me square in the jaw with a hellfire-clad fist.
I swayed, nearly losing consciousness as the runes coursing down my face protected me from the black flames. I nearly fell from the sky but a hand grabbed my wrist.
As my weakened body struggled to counteract the otherworldly toxins that had entered my body from the black spike, Elijah grabbed my collar and pulled me close. His piercing dark eyes glared down at me while the venom-coated black spike hovered over his shoulder, tip pointed at my face.
“Art!” Tess shouted. Out of the corner of my eyes, I could see her aura flaring as she prepared to attack.
“Focus on the gate!” I roared.
Elijah looked back as well, but just as he was about to go to Tess, I grabbed his arm.
“What did Agrona do to you, Elijah?” I groaned. “Did he make you say all of this?”
Elijah spun his head back, anger dripping from his voice. “Do you think even Agrona would know how you and I used to steal and sell whatever we scrounged to the pawn shop? And that we’d use the earnings to keep our orphanage funded without Wilbeck knowing?”
“That... doesn’t mean—”
“Do you think Agrona knows that deep down, you had feelings for Cecilia?”
I stiffened and the world that had been spinning because of the toxin in Elijah’s spell suddenly came back into focus.
Elijah smirked but his eyes remained cold. “Cecilia liked you for a time as well, but she gave up because you kept your distance emotionally ever since you found out that I had feelings for her.”
“Stop,” I whispered, anger flaring up the mana inside me. The runes spread throughout my body pulsed as I focused on gathering strength.
“And even when I told you everything I uncovered about Lady Vera, you turned your back on your best friend for that bitch,” he seethed, black flames spreading from his hands. “And as if that wasn’t enough, you killed her! You killed Cecilia in front of me!”
My runes and his flame clashed in a constant battle to keep my body from igniting.
“ Stop, Nico!” I cried, tears burning as they rolled down my cheeks.
Another explosion resounded from the distance, the shockwave creating a gust of wind that blew all the way here.
At that moment, a translucent-green blade of mana shot from the ground below.
Even though Nico was unaware, the black spike managed to block the green crescent that Tess had undoubtedly fired, but that gave me the opportunity to let out a blast of frost right at Nico’s face.
From the shoulder up, Nico was frozen for a second until a black flame started melting the ice. Still, I managed to kick myself free from his grasp and launch an arc of lighting at my disoriented foe.
Nico crashed to the ground, a mushroom of dust covering the area he had landed.
Are you okay? I asked my bond, checking up on her after that last explosion.
‘I’m...fine. It’s weird, he’s definitely attacking me but it feels like he’s...holding back,’ she responded. ‘How are things going over there?’
Not so...good, I admitted. But I’ll be able to hold my own. I just need to get Tess and them through the gate.
Just as I finished that thought, I turned my attention to the crater to see a large fluctuation of mana from where Nico had landed.
He was preparing a spell—a powerful one—but it wasn’t aimed at me.
I immediately burst through the air, landing on the ground right between Nico and the teleportation gate.
A concentrated beam of hellfire barely thicker than the width of a wrist pierced through the cloud of dust and debris, targeting just the teleportation gate.
Squeezing mana from my core and begging the aether around to aid me, I countered with a swirling barrier of aetheric wind. While ice would’ve been a better choice to effectively negate Nico’s attack, the toll of sustaining Realmheart for this long was becoming more and more evident.
Flickers of hellfire that had managed to make its way through my wind barrier burned through my skin like acid while even my regenerative abilities were hurting me, as if my body was begging me to stop getting injured.
Sustaining the barrier, I looked back over my shoulder, snapping impatiently at Tess. “He’s trying to destroy the gate! Hurry up and activate it and escape!”
“It’s almost done! But what about you and Sylvie?” Tess shouted as she continued to hold the ancient medallion up against the center of the glowing ring that was almost filled with purple.
“Just go! Please!” I begged.
“No!” Nico shouted. He withdrew his concentrated spell and burst forward to try and get past me. However, despite the poor state of my body, my reflexes were a lot faster than he assumed.

I pivoted and launched myself, tackling Nico.
“Let go!” he roared as he flailed, trying to escape my grasp.
Small embers of hellfire ignited throughout Elijah’s body but I held strong with the help of aether.
“Hurry up!” I warned, feeling the black flames slowly burn through the layer of aether and mana protecting me.
Nico suddenly stopped trying to break free. His shoulders trembled as he gritted his teeth before shouting, “You owe me, Grey. You owe me for killing Cecilia!”
“So that’s what it is? Cecilia died so you have to have Tess to make it even?” I spat out. “I didn’t mean to kill Cecilia, but even if I had, she wouldn’t have wanted this, Nico! Taking Tess isn’t going to bring Cecilia back!”
“What if it is?!” Nico shot back.
Caught by surprise, I didn’t answer. However, I saw the mana fluctuation in Nico’s hand as he willed another black spike from the ground.
I quickly spun, using Elijah as a shield against his own spell. He was able to stop the spike from piercing both of us.
A guttural cry of frustration ripped out of his throat as he tried desperately to break free from my grasp.
Just then, another explosion resounded from where Sylvie was fighting against the scythe.
What’s going on? Are you okay? I asked, my concern bleeding onto my bond.
‘I’m...fine, but the scythe is heading your way,’ she replied, even her mental voice pained.
It took less than a second for me to feel it—the presence of the scythe approaching. And it took another second for me to see the rapid fluctuation of mana right where the teleportation gate was.
I hurriedly initiated Static Void, but this time, I felt the cost of its use.
Along with the inverted colors of the frozen world, I felt a cold grip clutching my innards, warning me that death was inevitable if I continued to exploit this powerful aether art.
Ignoring my body’s warning, I released the frozen Nico and made my way toward Tess, Nyphia, and Madam Astera.
My body grew heavy and nauseous with each step I took but I couldn’t afford to release Static Void and risk the scythe’s spell go off.
My body was drenched in sweat and I was gasping for air by the time I reached the gate.
I grabbed Tess’ waist with one arm and released the time-freezing aether art.
A cold chill ran down my spine as my body instinctively knew that danger was just behind me, where the gate was.
Tess flinched in my grasp.“What th—”
I picked her up by the waist, cutting her off, while I shouted at Madam Astera.
“Grab Nyphia!”
Immediately, the former knight professor and soldier bolted to her student and tossed her over her shoulder just in time for me to flash past them and grab Madam Astera’s free hand.
I tried to bend space once more with the help of aether, but the translucent purple bridge wouldn’t form. Without even the time to curse, I gritted my teeth and expended what mana I had left to gain some distance when a horrible explosion of fire resounded behind us.
Unable to even look back, I could only imagine how close the conflagration was by the sound of the roaring fire and its heat scalding my back.
A green aura suddenly surrounded all of us as Tess activated her beast will to protect us while I focused on getting us out of range, but the heat only grew stronger.
To make matters worse, the scythe was within eyeshot just up ahead. Even if we were able to somehow make it out of the hellfire explosion, we’d be facing the scythe as well as Nico.
Suddenly, Madam Astera let out a scream of pain, but I couldn’t afford to slow down as I could see the tendrils of black flames in the air.
My very thoughts of surviving molded itself into the elements. Gales of wind coalesced beneath my feet as even the uneven ground smoothed out in front of us to make a clear path.
It didn’t matter though. The sky darkened as the black flames were about to engulf us, but neither the scalding burn nor the searing pain came.
I peeked back just over my shoulder to see Nico using his own black flames to block hellfire that the scythe had unleashed.
“Get them out of here!” Elijah shouted as he struggled to keep the powerful explosion at bay.
“Hold onto me tight!” Tess exclaimed as she withdrew her beast will and conjured a condensed orb of wind in her palms.
I squeezed her waist tightly as she unleashed a gale of wind behind us, propelling us forward. I stumbled and nearly fell forward by the sudden force but Madam Astera actually stabbed her sword into the ground, allowing me to regain my balance.
Continuing to run until I couldn’t feel the heat any longer, I toppled forward from sheer exhaustion. Still, I made sure to cling tightly onto keeping Realmheart Physique active. I knew that once I released it, the backlash would hit me—hard.
Ignoring the dull, radiating pain that was growing stronger by the minute, I inhaled more ambient mana like a drug addict on the cusp of his crash.
I couldn’t even cycle and purify it through my mana core, which made the mana poison to my body. Realmheart Physique would’ve helped with purifying the poisonous mana but I had taken in too much during this battle.
But what’s a little more poison for my already deteriorating body? I just needed to hold on and get the rest of them out of here safely.
“Stay with me!” Tess said to someone from behind, voice shaky but strong.
With the ambient mana temporarily boosting the functions of my body, I wiped a stray drop of blood that fell down from my nostril and turned around.

My eyes widened and in my head I was already starting to calculate the odds of their survival...and it just got a whole lot worse.
It was Madam Astera. She was missing her right leg from the mid-calf down and Tess was doing what she could to soothe her wounds using water magic while Nyphia was preparing bandages made from ripped strips of her own inner robe.

“My foot got caught in that explosion. I knew I couldn’t put out that black fire so I cut it off,” she grunted. For a split second, I admired the fact that, for such a petite woman who had just lobbed off her own leg, she was barely even grimacing.
Then, reality sank in as I felt the tremendous pressure of the scythe fast approaching.
“Damn it!” I cursed, already turning my gaze from the disabled soldier and to the scythe almost upon us.
To my surprise, however, Nico marched past us, a smoky nebula surrounding him as if illustrating his anger.
“Tessia almost died because of your attack, Cadell!” Nico roared. “I’m sure Agrona made it clear to you that she is to stay alive!”
I finally knew the name of the scythe that had killed Sylvia when I was a child in this world.
Cadell landed deftly on the ground as if he had just stepped off the sidewalk. His stride was leisurely yet confident, each step demanding your attention.
I made sure to position myself between Cadell and my allies behind me while taking note of the rising tension.
‘Arthur! I’m almost there,’ Sylvie relayed. I could already see her large figure in the sky above some distant buildings.
Cadell noticed as well, his gaze flitting behind him for a second before he focused on Nico.
“If I had not acted in the way that I did, the vessel would have escaped,” he responded apathetically before turning to me.
“That doesn’t justify you risking her life! We had a deal,” Nico snapped, a tendril of black smokey aura flaring out at the ground and creating a large gash.
“You would’ve failed on your own. Why? Because of your past with the boy. If you weren’t so fixated on getting your revenge against your old friend, then the vessel would have already been in your possession.”
Sylvie was almost here, and while it would’ve been smart to leave them alone to buy ourselves time, I couldn’t ignore what they were speaking about. Even though I knew I would regret it, I just had to know.
Cadell and Nico fell silent and turned to me as they felt the sudden pressure I released. Straightening my back and hiding any signs of weakness, I stood tall and let my pressure weigh down on the surrounding area.
Cadell raised a brow as he studied me. “Looks like you still have some fight left in you.”
“Explain what you meant when you said vessel,” I demanded, my voice carrying with the help of mana despite the near-whisper of a volume that I spoke.
“You said taking Tess isn’t going to bring Cecilia back, right?” Nico replied, his voice a lot calmer than it was before. “Well, what if it will?”
“Then I would say you’re out of your mind,” I retorted, staying strong despite the burning needles stabbing every inch of my body.
“This is what Agrona has been researching and perfecting over the past few hundred years, Grey, and your reincarnation was what allowed everything he had worked for to turn the gears into motion,” Nico explained. “And that was how I was able to reincarnate into this world. After al,l if someone deserves a new life, it isn’t you...it’s Cecilia and me.”
“Bullshit,” I spat, the word leaving a trail of pain throughout my lungs and throat.
I took a deep breath and let the anger fester inside me in order to mitigate some of the pain coursing through my body. Once more, I desperately tried to move the aether, but the motes of purple wouldn’t budge. The pain grew stronger with each attempt and I could feel my body deteriorating.
To make matters worse, the gate was destroyed and there wasn’t another one nearby.
It wasn’t fair. No matter how much stronger I became, why did I always just barely lack the power to win?
Damn it. Damn it. Come on, now would be a great time for a weapon! I pleaded, clawing at the palm of my hand where that bastard asura, Wren, had stuck that acclorite.
Tess suddenly gripped my wrist. “Arthur, stop! What are you doing to your hand?”
Just then—as everyone’s eyes were on me—I felt hot liquid pour down my nose, spilling on my hand.
“Art? Your nose...” Tess gently touched my shoulder, worried.
I hurriedly wiped the blood running down my nose and lips and looked back up to see Cadell’s lips curved into a smirk. “You’re body is breaking down, isn’t it, Lance?”
“What? Is that true?” Tess asked. “How bad is it?”
“I’ll be okay,” I lied, shrugging her away. I couldn’t even look her in the eye. Instead, I kept my eyes focused on the opponents ahead.
Talking was pointless now and whatever that asura jabbed into my hand wouldn’t help me now.
Whether it was Elijah or Nico, it didn’t matter. He was an enemy trying to take Tess, and they wouldn’t stop there.
I infused mana into my legs and prepared to make whatever desperate attempt of an attack I could make, but a small girl stood in the way.
“Sylvie. Don’t try and stop me,” I muttered, cladding my degrading body in mana in preparation for one last battle.
“Would you stop even if I tried?” my bond asked solemnly. She took a step to the side as a golden-white aura flared to life around her. “If you’re so bent on killing yourself, We’ll go together.”
Cadell and Elijah clad themselves in their dark mana as well. The ground cracked and splintered around us as whoever was left from the Alacryan side had all run away.
“Nyphia. Take Tess and Madam Astera as far away as possible,” I said, looking back over my shoulder. Shifting my gaze down at Madam Astera’s stump, I forged a prosthetic leg out of stone before turning back. “And don’t stop.”
“Elf Princess,” Cadell said his smirk widening. “If your dearly beloved stays in that form any longer, whether he wins or loses this battle, he’ll die.”

“Leave her out of this!” I shouted but by the time I turned around, Tess had already shrugged off Nyphia.
Tess didn’t speak to me, though. Instead, she gripped Sylvie’s wrist and asked her, “He’s lying, right? Tell me he’s lying, Sylvie!”
Sylvie looked at me, but didn’t respond.
“I’ll be fine, Tess,” I lied again, but my words were met with a venomous tear-filled glare.
“You always do this. You’re always ready to give up your life to save me,” she shot back.
“Tess...” I grabbed her arm.
“Do you think I’d be grateful if you died to save me?” she asked, her lips quivering.
She wrapped her hand over mine and peeled herself from my grip. She touched my forehead with hers as she closed her eyes, chest heaving erratically as she held back sobs.
She let out a whisper after placing her lips against mine. “You idiot.”
Then she tore herself away from me and walked off, straight towards the enemy.
“No!” I stepped forward, ready to sprint after her, when Sylvie held me back, wrapping her arms around my waist.
“Sylvie! No! You can’t do this to me!”
“Arthur, please...” Sylvie begged, her small body trembling. “I don’t want you to die.”
I watched helplessly as Tess walked away, the sound of blood pounding in my head muting every other sound. I couldn’t even hear my own shouts as I begged Tess to stop, to let me fight, to let me die.
I watched as Tess turned back and smiled at me before saying something. I couldn’t hear it though. They may have been Tess’ last words and I couldn’t hear them.
No. I couldn’t let this happen.
My gazes flitted down to my bloody palm as I checked once more with the faint hope that the weapon would appear.
It didn’t, and I didn’t have time.
As Sylvie hugged me tighter, forcing me away from Tess as she walked towards Nico and Cadell, I wedged my hand inside my protective chest plate and pulled out the medallion that Elder Rinia had given me to bring Tess back—a reminder that this entire world and countless others would fall to Agrona if Tess was in his hands.
It all made sense now. For whatever reason, Tess was meant to be the vessel for Cecilia. Maybe it was because of our relationship in this world that created the bridge, but that didn’t matter.
If both Nico and I became this strong after reincarnating into this world, how strong would Cecilia, the ‘legacy,’ be if she reincarnated into Tess’ body?
“Sylvie. You know what Rinia said,” I pleaded, studying the ancient relic in my hand. “We can’t let them have Tess.”
Sylvie shook her head, her face still buried in my chest. “We’ll both get stronger. As long as we live, we have a chance.”
I felt my insides churn as I stood on my last few minutes of Realmheart, but I continued to study the medallion. Something about it that I hadn’t noticed before now stood out to me within this fully assimilated state of Realmheart Physique.
The recent memory of Rinia drawing the aetheric runes on the gate resurfaced and the hours I spent in that ancient cave watching Sylvie meditate while influencing the aether around her connected together instinctively in a way that my mind couldn’t fathom but my body could.
Sylvie sensed the change in the air as I got to work.
“A-Arthur? What are you doing?” my bond cried desperately, her gaze shifting around as she witnessed my act.
“I’m sorry,” I whispered as a metallic taste filled my mouth.
I dispersed the gathered aether I had influenced. I reached out with my arms, one pointed at Nyphia and Madam Astera, the other directed at Tess.
And suddenly, we were in a separate space. This was different from Static Void where I was in the same space as the rest of the world.
No, I had created a separate pocket dimension and brought everyone along with me.
With no time to waste, I threw the medallion that had the coordinates engraved in it and created a teleportation portal of my own.
“Into the portal, now! ” I shouted as I struggled to keep the portal stable.
Madam Astera was the one that made it work. Wasting no time, she picked up Nyphia and sprinted towards the portal with the prosthetic leg I had conjured for her. After tossing Nyphia into the portal, she ran after Tess, who was a few paces away still.
I restructured the size of the pocket dimension, bringing Tess closer to Madam Astera and the portal.
Without even the chance to get a word out, I saw Tess get sucked into the portal. Madam Astera looked at me for a second before giving me a nod and jumping through the portal herself.
“Sylvie... it’s t-time to go,” I said, my bond just looking at me in horror.
She reached up and wiped the tears streaming from my eyes, only to see her fingers covered in blood... my blood.
“A-Arthur, you’re not going to make it,” Sylvie said as I felt her consciousness go deeper into mine. I couldn’t shield my thoughts from her in my state anymore, leaving me an open book.
“The portal isn’t...going to stay stable for much longer, Sylv. P-Please, I can’t have you die too,” I said, smiling while trying to keep blood from leaking out of my mouth.
A wave of blinding pain hit me and the pocket dimension rippled like a bubble about to pop. Disoriented, I tried to force Sylvie into the portal when she began glowing purple.
“Sylv? What are you—” My eyes widened in horror as I realized what she was doing.
The light spread until an all-too-familiar dragon was standing in front of me.
“Try to keep yourself alive while I’m gone, okay?” Sylvie said as she gave me a toothy grin.
“Sylv, no! Don’t do this!” I screamed. Desperate, I tried to push her to the portal, but my hands went through her.
Sylvie’s body was turning ethereal and she was fading as motes of lavender and gold began leaving her and attaching themselves to my body.
My body writhed in unimaginable pain at the sudden change it was going through, but I held on, unwilling to pass out. My vision faded as I screamed out to Sylvie, but her last words were cut off as she pushed me through the portal with the last remaining corporeal limb she had left.
My bond had left me with one word before she faded: ‘...again.’





Chapter 250
Chapter 250: Hello Darkness
Darkness. Complete darkness.
I was floating, hovering in an utter reflectionless black. Whether I was drifting along or suspended in place, I couldn’t tell.
All knew was that there was nothing else—no sound, taste, smell, or touch in this sea of perpetual darkness.
It was peaceful at first. I felt like I was both nothing and everything at the same time. I felt like a tiny spec in a vast universe, yet I also felt like nothing else existed aside from myself.
However, as time passed, I recalled more of what I was. I was a human...with hands, feet, and a body.
Yet, I couldn’t feel anything. I tried curling my fingers and toes. I tried flaring my nostrils, opening my mouth. I couldn’t feel anything. I couldn’t even feel myself breathe.
Fear took hold quickly. It didn’t come in any physiological signs that I was accustomed to. No thumping of my heart, no quickening of my breath, no trembling of my body.
Hell, I wished I could feel it—anything to verify that something more than just my consciousness existed. But I was stuck here as time passed by with no way to keep track.
I tried everything to stay sane. I screamed, yet no sound came out. I tried biting off my own tongue yet there was no sensation.
I simply existed.
And I grew more and more mad with each subjective second that passed.
Insanity effervesced, spreading and covering every corner of my consciousness. However, the hallucinations that I expected, hoped for—wished for—never came. None of the symptoms of insanity could be materialized in a world with literally nothing else and a body that I wasn’t even sure I had, let alone felt.
I soon grew bored of the incessant fear, anxiety, dread, and paranoia that gripped at my insides...if I even had insides. Memories that felt like they were on the tip of my hypothetical tongue were never within reach for me to truly recollect.
Time passed but in a state of nothingness, it was hard to even guess whether it was going by fast or slow.
It was only when I felt a slight prickle on my...arm—yes, my arm—that I jolted out of my stupor.
I had felt something for the first time. A few moments later, I felt another prickle, this time one that spread across my chest. Those prickles soon escalated into sharp piercing pains but I didn’t care. Even pain was verifiable proof that I existed outside of my consciousness.
I waited for the next bout of pain. The feeling of scalding needles digging into each and every one of my pores would have driven me insane from the torment they caused but after the subjective eons of literal nothingness, I welcomed each and every increasingly agonizing round of burning, piercing pain across every millimeter of my body.
More excitingly, my vision began brightening until the void I was in turned lighter and lighter.

It might’ve been from the sheer pain I was in but as the white overtook more and more of my vision, I felt like I had experienced this once before.
That’s when it clicked.
No. No. Please don’t tell me I’m reincarnating again.
A wave of panic overtook me as I approached the hazy clouds of white.
My eyes shot open to see that my blurry gaze was level with the ground, my cheek pressed flat against a smooth, hard floor.
Immediately, I tried to move, trying to reassure myself that I was once again not a newborn. I couldn’t start over again, not now. There was too much left to do, so many people I had to protect. My mother, my sister, Virion, Tess, Sylvie.
Sylvie!
I struggled to even lift my head, the piercing surges of pain still encompassing all of my body.
This wasn’t a good sign.
My body felt foreign to me, heavy and stiff like wearing a suit of armor designed for a different—much larger—species.
I pried open my lips and forced a note from my throat. “Ah...Ahhh.”
The familiar clear baritone voice rang in my ear, filling me with some semblance of relief.
I gritted my teeth, and swallowed, sending a burning sting down my esophagus.
Teeth! I have teeth!
No longer fearing the possibility that I was once more an infant, I worked on trying to get myself off the ground.
Trying to lift my arms was the first major roadblock to my goal. I might as well have been trying to uproot one of the centuries-old trees in the Elshire Forest because my body wouldn’t budge. Instead, I was met with another wave of piercing pain across my entire body like someone was trying to massage me with a spiked mace that had been lit on fire.
After several attempts trying to—god forbid—lift my own body, and passing out several times from the pain that came after, I gave up.
Still, I was somewhat relieved by the pain. Not in a masochistic sort of way, but the fact that I could feel pain meant that my body might just be injured rather than completely paralyzed. And after all that time spent in everlasting darkness, the limited field of view I had in the room I was in was still a sight for sore eyes.
By the curved walls that ran across my field of vision, it seemed like I was in a large circular room. Smooth white pillars without a trace of decay held the ceiling up. A warm ethereal light glowed brightly from the sconces that lined up along the walls, spaced out evenly every few feet while familiar but indecipherable runes were etched in between them.
I pried my gaze away from the tantalizing lights and focused on the ground—or more specifically, what was on the ground.

Blood. Lots of it.
But the blood was dried brown and caked on the corners where the floor met the walls. It was hard to tell how long the walls and floors had been bloodied but as more and more areas of dried blood pools became visible the more carefully I looked, it seemed like this was some sort of grounds for injured people...or injured beasts.

I shivered at the thought of a bloodthirsty mana beast standing behind me in my vulnerable state. The only source of comfort came from the fact that I hadn’t been eaten already.
I tried moving again to little avail. I still felt like I was in some sort of shell whenever I tried to move, as if this body wasn’t my own.
After time had passed and I ran out of details on the walls, ground, and pillars to distract myself with, unwanted and painful memories that I had been pushing back began resurfacing.
Me, fighting against Nico, who had reincarnated into Elijah’s body. Actually, Elijah might’ve always been Nico—I remembered Elijah telling me how his memories before arriving in the kingdom of Darv was all a blur.
I remembered Tess sacrificing herself because I couldn’t win against Cadell, the scythe that had killed Sylvia.
I remembered, by some fluke, that I was able to harness aether in order to create not only a pocket dimension but a teleportation gate as well using the medallion made by the ancient mages. I knew by then that I wasn’t going to make it. My body was barely able to function thanks to Sylvia’s dragon will and aether keeping me alive. I knew that once I withdrew Realmheart, I would feel the full impact of my feeble ‘lesser body’ succumbing to the after-effects of exploiting both mana and aether to such a degree.
And that’s when the most painful memory resurfaced. As if it was branded into my very brain, I was able to recall my last moments with Sylvie, before she pushed me into the unstable portal, with such clarity that I could almost see her in front of me now.
Tears formed, blurring my vision, as sobs threatened to lurch out of my parched throat. Every time I closed my eyes, the memory of Sylvie disappearing right in front of me replayed over and over.
From the bond that we shared, I knew that she had used a powerful aether art to basically sacrifice her own physical body to save me.
I hated her for sacrificing herself.
But more than that, I hated myself for it.
I had been so caught up in trying to handle everything my way—to save Tess, to get my vengeance against the scythe who killed Sylvia, to confront and defeat Nico, my past—that I couldn’t appreciate the one person who stood by me through it all.
I took her for granted, assuming she’d always be here with me.
Now, she was gone.
My stomach lurched and my chest tightened as I held back another sob. I squeezed my eyes shut, grinding my teeth to try and contain myself.
But I couldn’t. I lost Sylvie, the only one who had stayed with me far longer than any other person in this world, trying to save everyone.
“Ghhh...” I heaved, letting out guttural sobs that echoed across the room as if mocking me. “I’m...sorry. I-I’m so sorry...Sylv.”

I couldn’t tell how much time I had spent wallowing in grief and self-pity but I was abruptly jolted by the sensation of pinpricks running up my entire body. It was jarring, as if millions of insects were crawling all over me, beneath my skin.
Another wave came, stronger this time—more painful. And the last wave I remembered feeling, it felt like the millions of bugs underneath my skin had erupted out of me.
***
By the time I pried open my eyes and felt the cool stickiness of saliva pooled underneath my cheek, I knew I had passed out.
Peeling my face off of the wet floor, I turned to my back.
The brief moment of elation at the fact that I could actually move was interrupted by an overwhelming sense of thirst.
Swallowing what little saliva I had left to moisten my dry throat, I pushed myself off of my back. The motion felt off and my body still felt stiff and alien, but I was still excited about my new range of motion.
Sitting on the ground, the first thing to catch my eyes were my own two hands.
“What the...” My hands were pale—almost white—but not just that; there wasn’t a single flaw on my hands that I could see. The calluses on my palms that had accumulated throughout the years of wielding a sword were nowhere to be found. The scars that were strewn across my knuckles from battles were gone. Even the scars on my wrist that I had received battling against that toxic witch—the first retainer I had fought against—were gone, replaced by smooth and pearlescent skin.
It seemed like Sylvie did much more than heal the wounds from abusing Realmheart Physique.
I gnashed my teeth, trying to push away the thought of my bond’s sacrifice before I succumbed to an even deeper pit of dread.
I continued studying my hands, noticing more and more differences with each passing second.
My arms were still toned with the muscles I had accumulated over the years of training, but they were also thinner. My hands also looked smaller and my fingers more delicate—but that might’ve been from the lack of calluses and scars.
It was only when my gaze shifted down to my forearms, more specifically my left forearm, that I felt a sharp pang across my chest.
The mark was gone.
“H-Huh?” I stammered.
Panic rose in me once more as I began frantically turning my arm to see if it was on the other side somehow. The mark was gone. The mark that I had gotten after forming my bond with Sylvie had completely vanished alongside all of the scars and calluses that had riddled my hands and arms.
“Before you get all weepy, look to your right,” a clear, cynical voice resounded nearby.
Not threatened by the voice for some reason, I turned to my right to see an iridescent stone the size of my palm.
My eyes widened, and out of sheer instinct, I dove toward the colorful stone and grabbed it to take a closer look.
“I-Is this...”
“Yup. It’s your bond,” the voice said curtly before a black shadow appeared in my peripheral view.
A black will-o-wisp the size of a large marble came into view, except this black floating teardrop had a set of sharp, pure-white eyes staring back at me and two small horns jutting on the sides of its... head.
I felt my mouth open, as I tried to talk, but before I could continue, the black teardrop-shaped will-o-wisp with horns and eyes floated closer to me. It dipped, as if bowing to me, and spoke in an exaggerated tone.
“Greetings, my pitiful master. I am Regis, the mighty weapon that has finally manifested and crawled out of your metaphorical ass.”





Chapter 251
Chapter 251: The Next Message
I bristled in anger at the sight of the black ball of flames.
“Why...” I seethed.
“Why what?” it looked back in confusion. It’s expression was so lifelike, so...sentient, that it infuriated me even more.
“Why?!” I roared, taking a slow and painful swing at Regis.
My hand slipped through its snarky face, the momentum causing me to lose balance in this debilitating body. I toppled forward, slamming my face hard on the cold smooth floor of wherever the hell I was.
“Don’t do that!” the will-o-wisp snapped before muttering, “...I feel violated.”
Rage continued to bubble up and rise as I stared at my left hand, the exact spot on my palm that Regis had come from. “Why. Why the hell are you here now? After years of draining my mana and doing what you want, why do you appear now?”
I whipped my head up, glaring at the black flame. My vision blurred as tears welled up in my eyes. “If you had come out earlier, I could’ve won. I could’ve saved everyone!”
A trace of what looked almost like...guilt manifested on Regis’ face before the horned will-o-wisp shook its head and turned away. “Well aren’t you a ray of sunshine. Even asuras would die trying to fight over a sentient weapon yet here you are, moping about—”
“I needed you,” I whispered, tears dripping on the ground beneath my face as I clawed the smooth floor.
Regis remained silent as I let all of the emotions out of my system. I was angry at Regis, but I was doing the same thing—using him as an excuse for my own failures.
After some time had passed, my tears ran dry and my parched throat started letting out raspy stutters trying to take in more air.
Regis’ voice sounded from a small distance. “There’s a pool of clean water here. Drink before you cry yourself into a mummy.”
I hesitated, not knowing whether I even deserved water when the small iridescent egg glistened in the corner of my eyes.
“Yes, that’s it. You can do it! Do it for that rock!” Regis cheered, hovering around me like a fly I couldn’t reach.
Pushing aside all of the emotions that weighed down on my body, I dragged myself in the direction Regis led me.
My milky pale arms looked foreign to me, even as I moved. I felt like I was still in a full suit of armor despite being almost bare.
Time crawled alongside me as I slowly pulled myself across the smooth floor, my biggest source of motivation getting my strength back to shut Regis up.
“Come on, pretty boy, almost there,” he continued.
“Shut...up...” I mustered, my voice barely coming out as a wheeze.

“If you have the strength to drawl, you have the strength to crawl!” he intoned.
I’ll kill him, I decided.
I focused my attention on the marble fountain beckoning for me, spouting water so clearly and silently from the top that it looked like glass.
After struggling once more, trying to pull myself up over the rounded base that held the water, I immediately buried my head inside.
It felt like I had slammed my face into a wall of ice, but I didn’t care. I opened my mouth and gulped it all in, the water crisp and cool as it rushed down my throat.
My body continued to swallow mouthfuls of water until I couldn’t hold my breath any longer.
“Gah!” I pulled my head out, gasping for breath, when a curtain of beige covered my vision.
I tried moving it aside, assuming that maybe the back of my shirt had fallen over my head, when Regis chortled behind me.
“You’re acting like a pup seeing its own tail for the first time.”
“What are you talking about?” I grunted, still trying to flip my shirt off of my head.
“That’s your hair, oh-wise-one.”
“Huh? That’s impossi...” I looked down, seeing my reflection for the first time since waking up. My eyes widened.
The person staring back at me looked a lot like myself yet a bit older, with sharper features and skin the same milky white as my arms.
The red scar around my throat that I had gotten from the witch was no longer there, showing only a smooth long neck and adam’s apple.
But what shocked me the most were the changes in my hair and eyes. My eyes were a piercing gold and the color seemed to have been completely washed out of my once-auburn hair. The head of deep reddish brown was now a grayish wheat color, even more pale than Sylvie’s hair in her human form.
My chest tightened at the sight of my reflection, my own hair and eyes now a sore reminder of what my bond had done for me.
“W-What is this? Why do I—” A scream suddenly tore out from my throat as a searing pain ignited inside me, as if my mana core had caught on fire.
My vision doubled and became hazy until I heard a voice. It was one that I hadn’t heard in a long time, but one I could never forget.
“Hello, Art, this is Sylvia.”
My heart pounded against my ribs as excitement rose up. “S-Sylvia?”
“I recorded this at the same time as my first message to you, but I suspect that, for you, it has been quite a while since hearing my voice. Haha, I suppose I should say that it has been a while.”
I let out a laugh as I felt fresh tears stream down my cheeks.

“I’m conflicted by the fact that you’re hearing this message. On the one hand, I’m proud that you’ve been able to get to where you are now. But the fact that you’ve had to push yourself to this point means that life has not been easy for you, perhaps even more difficult than your previous one.”
I felt the weight of her somber tone but continued to listen.

“Having gotten to this stage means that you’ve had to battle foes much stronger than you in life-or-death situations and based on history, I can only assume that it would be Agrona and the Vritra that serve him.”
I bristled at the mention of Agrona’s name, but Sylvia’s voice only seemed sad...almost heartbroken.
“I figure that a war between Agrona and the asuras is inevitable, and Dicathen can only be caught in the middle of it. There is much to tell you with the limited amount of information I can store without it being traceable so I shall be succinct.
“With my daughter as your bond and the fact that you are reborn, my father will most likely have taken extreme measures to bring you in and most likely even train you. And through your exposure to my people, you’ve most likely received a very one-sided story.”
Again, Sylvia’s voice was tinged with sadness.
“The tension between the Vritra and the other asuran clans are not as simple as they’ve made it out to you. Unlike fairy tales and bedtime stories for children, life does not always have a good and bad side—only a ‘my side’ and ‘their side.’
“Agrona can’t be forgiven for all of the atrocities he has committed over the centuries, but neither can the other asuras—myself included.”
Confusion replaced and overwhelmed my other emotions.
“Agrona, who had always been fascinated by the lives of lessers, had been the one to uncover the ruins of a civilization of mages. Mages that had learned to harness aether.
“And it was only a matter of time after this discovery that he found why they had fallen despite their technological and magical—both mana and aether—advancements. Centuries ago, the Indrath clan had brought upon genocide of these ancient mages.”
What? Why would they kill off a—my questions were interrupted by Sylvia’s answer in her message.
“The Indrath Clan had been distinguished as leaders of the other asuran clans and basically revered as beings closest to true gods not just for our strength but because our control over aether could not be replicated by any others. But after, one of the emissaries from the Indrath Clan discovered that there were a reclusive civilization of lessers that were able to harness their powers.
“Fearing that their power and authority would be questioned, the elders ordered for their...elimination. From what I’ve been told, unlike our clan that had developed and trained our aether arts for battle, these ancient mages had only sought to improve life through technological advancements.”
Sylvia let out a sigh and remained silent for a few moments before continuing.
“Needless to say, their genocide had been kept as the Indrath Clan’s darkest secret and their technology had been concealed and studied, but because of how elaborate their underground cities were, we were never sure if we had truly discovered all that they had hidden. Which is why the lesser kin of dragons inhabit both Alacrya and Dicathen, making sure even now that there aren’t any of the ancient mages left alive.
“Agrona had found one of these concealed ruins and threatened to expose the Indrath Clan for their wrongdoings and noblesse oblige that we asuras held over lessers. You can imagine how my clan elders reacted to this. Taking advantage of the fact that Agrona loved to disguise himself to sneak off to Dicathen and Alacrya for his research, they accused him of having intimate relations with lessers before exiling him to Alacrya.”
I shook my head. It was such a cliché—even amongst higher, older beings, there was still political strife.
“My biggest regret was allowing my family to completely destroy the life of my betrothed...and my unborn child’s father.”
My jaw slackened as I felt my eyes bulge from their sockets. So not only did Agrona not escape Epheotus like Windsom had told me, Agrona was also Sylvia’s future husband and Sylvie’s father?

“Signs of my pregnancy only showed only a few months after Agrona had been exiled. Normally, a new member of the Indrath Clan being born was a rare and celebrated occasion but I knew that neither my clan nor any of the clans of the Great Eight would approve of me having this child, and so when I learned one night that my father was planning an assassination for Agrona in Alacrya, I knew I had to get to Agrona first.
“I confess that I was young and foolish, Arthur. Rebelling against my parents for depriving me of the man I thought I loved, I found Agrona in Alacrya before the unit my father had sent after him could. It was then that I found, not the coy and charming knowledge-seeker I had fallen in love with, but a man driven mad after the betrayal of his clansmen and his love—me.
“He and his loyal followers from the Vritra Clan had scoured through the buried texts of the ancient mages and tried to build upon their work in a different direction, using the lessers as test subjects. I do not know what his end plans are aside from conquering Epheotus, but he had been investigating an element—an edict, higher than what aether encompasses, above that of time, space, and life. Fate.”
The word ‘fate’ immediately brought to mind one person. Elder Rinia. She was not only a diviner but someone who could control aether. She had expressed adamantly that she was not related to the ancient mages but...
My brain hurt from trying to wrap all of this information together.
“Fate ties into not only the life we live in now but lives elsewhere and elsewhen.”
My breath hitched.
“I would surmise this sounding familiar to you. Fate, afterall, is the core component to reincarnation. Agrona believed that the vessel was the key component in forceful application of reincarnation, which is why I could not risk you falling into Agrona’s hands. After finding out that I had carried a child from both the basilisk and dragon lineage, he kept me imprisoned until I gave birth. Of course, I couldn’t let my child be subject to his cruel experiments so I locked my child in the pocket dimension that I created within the stone.
“As I have said before, I could not figure out the scope of Agrona’s plans before my escape, but I found that there are four ruins built by the ancient mages that he nor any other asurans are able to cross into. I was able to imprint and pass on the locations of these four major ruins that Agrona had been breeding and sending lessers into in hopes to learn more about what is down there.
“What I am leaving you with is not some grand quest; that was never my intention. But if you are in a situation where you are lost or feel weak and outnumbered, perhaps the answer Agrona is looking for is the answer you are as well.
“Take care of my daughter and yourself. Goodbye, little one.”
Just like that, Sylvia’s voice faded, leaving me stunned in such complete silence that it was palpable. It was only when Regis appeared out of my body that I jolted out of my daze.
“Well, that was a lot to take in,” the black will-o-wisp said, letting out a sigh.
I stared at him, dumbfounded. “You were able to hear all of that?”
“Why else would I want to literally be inside you.” He rolled his eyes. “Now, I’ve got some good news and bad news—well, two pretty good news and one really bad news. What do you want to hear first?”
I hobbled back to the area where the iridescent stone was and picked my bond up—Sylvia’s daughter that she had entrusted me to take care of.
“Let’s just start with the good news,” Regis said, hovering in front of me. “Based on what I discovered while you were lying over there half-dead, I think we’re actually in one of the hidden ruins of the ancient mages.”
I pried my gaze off of the stone in my hand and looked up. “What?”
“Yup, take a look at the door on the opposite end of this room. Along with the dried blood and drinkable water fountain, I’d say that this is some sort of waiting grounds for whatever horrendous challenges that the ancient mages built to keep outsiders from whatever knowledge is stored at the bottom.”
After looking at the metal door etched with runes along the frame, I studied Regis.
“You’re pretty smart,” I admitted.
Regis gasped. “I have gained master’s approval! I am worthy!”
Ignoring him, I looked back down at the small stone in my hand.
“The second good news is one you probably guessed, but I confirmed that Sylvie is alive by taking a peek inside.”
“You went inside here?” I asked, holding up the stone.
“Bite me. I was curious,” he—assuming by the timbre of his voice—quipped. “Anyway, your bond used a high-level vivum art to give you some of her asuran body in order to save you...”
Regis’ eyes turned sharp. “Which leads me to the bad news.I don’t think you were able to hear Sylvia’s message because you’ve ascended past the white core stage. In fact, your core is damaged beyond recognition.”





Chapter 252
Chapter 252: Resolve
“Damaged? No, that’s not...” my voice trailed off as I felt the internal condition of my body.
Regis was right. When I tried to spread mana throughout my body, an act as natural as breathing by this point, I was only met with a slight tingle.
I tried once more, this time trying to gather ambient mana. This time, I couldn’t even feel anything—no blanket of warmth like before when mana once rushed inside me and coalesced in my core.
“No,” I muttered, heaving my heavy body up onto my feet.
I threw a jab, my punch painfully slow even as I channeled mana from my core through the necessary parts of my body needed to carry out a punch.
“Arthur...” Regis sighed.
Ignoring him, I pivoted and kicked forward. I stumbled and fell, unable to even keep balance.
Pushing myself up, I tried moving my body again. It was a bit easier this time, but it still felt like my time as a toddler in this world. My brain knew how to move, but my body just wouldn’t listen.
I fell, and I fell again, each time more infuriating and embarrassing than the last.
Finally, as my face hit the smooth floor, my arms unable to even react in time to cushion my fall, I stayed on the ground.
I roared in frustration, slamming my head into the ground. “What the hell is wrong with me!”
All of that hard work. Years upon years of training and refining my core, learning to control all of the elements effectively, all gone.
I pounded my head on the ground again, barely feeling anything more than a dull throb despite how hard the floor shook. I let out another scream that had been tugging at my throat, desperate to be let out.
Whether I had calmed myself or had just run out of energy, I didn’t know, but I found myself staring at the iridescent stone—the pocket dimension where Sylvie resided.
She had sacrificed her life for me and was reduced back to this state. Because of all of the stupid choices I made, she was the one that paid the price.
If I can’t get things together for myself, I need to do it for her. At the very least, I owe her that.
I got up and silently made my way back to the water fountain. Cupping my hands, I brought the cold water to my mouth and drank. Quenching my thirst, I splashed some water on my face before taking a hard look at my reflection.
A slightly older and sharper-faced Arthur looked back at me with piercing gold eyes. My hair reminded me of bleached sand as it flowed just past my shoulder in waves. Even the texture of my new hair mimicked Sylvie, sending another pang of guilt.
Ripping a thin strip of cloth from the tattered pants that I was wearing in my last battle, I tied the back of my hair.
“What do we do now?” I mustered, turning to Regis.
The floating black ball of fire with horns cocked a brow—or at least, that’s what it looked like—before saying, “You realize you’re asking advice from a weapon, right?”
I remained silent, staring at him until he clicked his tongue...or whatever he had in that large mouth of his.

“No fun,” he grumbled before floating toward me. “Well, it’s not like we have much of a choice, seeing as there is only one way out of this room.”
“So we just go through the door?” I confirmed, already heading through the large metal door.
“Hold it, Goldilocks,” he began. “Are you trying to get yourself killed?”
“What do you mean?” I asked before the familiar term registered in my brain. “And how do you know who Goldilocks is?”
“I’m made from you, remember? All of the things you know, whether from this life or your past life, has influenced what I am right now,” he answered. “So really, if you’re annoyed at my wonderful personality, you’re really just annoyed at yourself.”
“I don’t remember ever being this sardonic or derisive,” I retorted.
“Well...to be more specific, I guess I’m an amalgamation of you, Sylvia, your bond, and that charming stud of a beast, Uto,” the floating black fire explained.
That’s when it clicked. Regis had reminded me of Uto. While his horns were shaped more like Sylvie’s, out of the three, Uto’s nature was the most prominent in Regis—just a lot more toned down by Sylvia, Sylvie, and my mix of personalities.
“Anyway,” he droned, “You’re not in a state where you should be going through any sort of door haphazardly, especially if this entire place was meant to keep people out.”
“Yeah, I know,” I cut in. “My core is pretty messed up and my body feels like it’s made of lead or something, but it’s not like we can just stay here.”
“Disregarding your injured core for a moment, do you remember when I said that Sylvie used some pretty heavy aether voodoo on you to keep your body from basically destroying itself?”
I nodded my head. “Mhm.”
“Well, perhaps the one good thing that came out of all of this—aside from myself, of course—is your new body,” Regis explained. “Your body, while not being completely draconic, is pretty damn close,” Regis explained.
My eyes widened and I immediately lowered my head, looking down at my arms and the rest of my body. Aside from the color of my hair and eyes changing, the features of my face becoming a little sharper and my skin becoming paler, it didn’t feel any different from my body—actually, it felt worse than my usual self.
Regis answered, as if reading my thoughts. “I’m not sure how much pain you actually remember feeling, but you nearly died during this ‘metamorphosis.’ It’ll take some time and a lot of effort to temper your body.”
“How do I temper this new body of mine, and what happens after I’m able to?” I asked.
“Beats the hell out of me,” Regis quipped. “I’m knowledgeable but I’m not some floating encyclopedia.”
“So you just want me to wait here and hope that my body will get better?” I snapped. “What about you? You’re supposed to be a powerful weapon tailored for me, can’t I use you to get out of here, or is floating around and talking the only thing you know how to do?”
“Oh screw you!” Regis cut in, staring daggers at me. “I’ve been nothing but helpful after you practically killed yourself.”
“I wouldn’t have had to go so far if you had come out during my last battle, but I guess it wouldn’t have mattered if you did come out then. It’s not like you could’ve been any help!”
“Boo-friggin-hoo!” Regis mocked. “The only reason you are alive and sane right now is because of me!”
“What?” I asked, confused.
“Do you know why I have four very different personalities swirling inside me, one of which wants me to kill you very painfully?”
Thinking back to when the acclorite had absorbed most of the mana that was stored in Uto’s horn, I got even more annoyed. “Yes! Because you stole most of the mana from Uto’s horn—mana that would’ve helped make me stronger!”
“If it hadn’t been for me taking most of it, you would’ve been driven mad,” Regis snarled. “Instead, I get the pleasure of having oh-so-pleasurable psychopathic tendencies every so often!”

Stunned, I didn’t respond.
Time seemed to stop for a moment as we remained silent until Regis spoke up glumly. “I don’t know what I am. It might’ve been because I was forced out of you before I could fully develop, but I’m not even sure what sort of weapon I am either, and it’s been driving me crazy.”
I sank down on the ground and let out a sigh. “Looks like we’re both in a pretty messed up state right now.”

“True, but you dug yourself into the hole you’re in right now, pretty boy. I was forced into it,” Regis smirked.
I let out a laugh. “You’re right.”
Taking out the stone that Sylvie was slumbering inside of, I stared at it longingly. I missed Sylvie. She would’ve known what to do with everything I’d been told.
Panic rose inside me as I thought of Sylvia’s message and everything it entailed. If the Indrath Clan was capable of committing genocide just because they felt their authority being threatened, the asuras were no better than Agrona and the Vritra Clan.
Sylvia said that four ruins protected from asuras made by the ancient mages held the key to wielding fate...whatever that meant. Fate was such an abstract concept that even having reincarnated into this world, I still found it hard to believe.
But what can I do? My mana core is destroyed to the point where even if I can start using mana again, I don’t think it can ever get to the same heights as before. My body may be draconic now, but I don’t even know what that fully means, and the weapon that I’ve been waiting for...
“Get down!” Regis suddenly hissed, suddenly flying into my body.
‘Stay up against the wall and act dead, or at least unconscious!’ Regis asserted, his voice echoing inside my head.
I backed up against the wall and fell to the ground just in time to see a column of blue light appear in the center of the room.
Letting my bangs cover my face, I kept my eyes open despite Regis’s insistence.
As the pillar of blue dimmed, I was able to make out the silhouette of three figures. My heartbeat quickened, excited to see other people here, when Regis berated me, telling me not to even think about getting up.
The light completely faded, leaving only the three figures standing in the center of the room—two males and one female.
The larger of the two men was clad in a mixture of plated and leather armor that did little to hide his bulging muscles. He carried in each hand a spiked mace, both dripping with blood that matched the color of his short crimson hair.
The slimmer brown-haired one still was built like an athlete, with broad shoulders and toned arms underneath a brushed-silver suit of armor.
It was the girl that spotted me first with her two red eyes that shone like crystals underneath a curtain of midnight blue—almost navy—hair.
Her statuesque form layered in what looked more like a uniform than armor, turned my way as she studied me.
It only took a moment for the two men beside her to notice me, and when they did, they didn’t react nearly as subtly as the woman had.
The larger one swung his mace, splattering an arc of blood on the ground as he approached me, while the brown-haired warrior withdrew a longsword out of thin air and positioned himself between myself and the girl. His sharp eyes narrowed as a soft vibration hummed from his large blade.
I shut my eyes, afraid that they’d see me awake.
Shit, what do we do, Regis?
‘Stay down! You’re no match for any one of these three right now.’

He’s going to kill me!
‘Wait! Don’t move until I tell you!’
I peeked open an eye to see the crimson-haired man towering over me.
‘Not yet!’ Regis hissed in my head.
“Leave her,” the girl stated.
‘Pfft! She thinks you’re a girl!’ Regis snickered.
Shut up.
“She might be a threat to us in the lower levels, Lady Caera,” the large man warned. “There are those who feign weakness to make us lower our guards.”
“Have some pity on her, Taegen. The fact that neither of you were able to sense her immediately means that her mana core is broken,” the girl said. “She won’t be a threat. Now, let’s move. We’ll rest in the next sanctuary room.”
Taegen let out a dissatisfied grunt before turning around, following after the other two.
I let out a mental breath of relief as I began to relax when I saw it. All three of their outfits had purposely left their spines revealed, covered either by chainmail or a thin mesh that I could clearly see through. And running down all three backs, along their spines, were the same kind of runes I had seen on so many Alacryan mages.
Anger flared within my chest, and immediately, the man named Taegen whirled around to face me.
Calm yourself, Arthur, I said to myself.
Time seemed to crawl as the mace-wielder studied me, confused.
“Let’s go!” the other man called out to Taegen, and the crimson-haired warrior turned back.
I must’ve waited for over thirty minutes even after they had left through the door before I got up.
“Wow, now that got my little black heart pumping!” Regis exclaimed, shooting out of my body. “It’s a good thing that gorgeous woman has a heart as large as her ti—”
“Regis!” I snapped.
My floating companion shot me a wicked grin. “Aww, is someone still upset that they were called a girl?”
“No, I’m—”
“You can check your pants if you want. You’re still a guy,” Regis cut in.
I let out a sigh. “I know, Regis. Now, why are Alacryans here?” I asked, changing the topic.
“You heard Sylvia’s message. Agrona has been sending his people down into the ruins that asuras can’t go into,” he replied.
Suddenly a feeling of dread washed over me. “Does that mean we’re somewhere below Alacrya now?”
“Beats me, but if those ancient mages were able to tinker with aether to an extent where even Agrona wants to know their secrets, I’m guessing that we can be anywhere in the world—this room that we’re in right now could be somewhere in the bottom of the ocean and that door could be a portal that takes us to the other side of the world!”
Closing my eyes, I brought up the locations of the four ancient ruins that Sylvia said she had imparted me with. What I realized was that it wasn’t some sort of internal map laid out for me to visualize. It was more like an artificial memory that had been embedded into my brain. It confirmed for me what Regis said earlier—we were inside one of the four ancient ruins. What it didn’t tell me was where this ruin was located in the world.
“So what’s the plan, Milady?” Regis chimed.
I kept my eyes shut as I took a deep breath. Relying on the habits I had developed throughout my lifetime as Grey, I bottled up the emotions gnawing away at my mind and body. I tightly packed and stored the feelings of panic and dread that encroached on my mind. I tucked away the stray thoughts that lay scattered about and wrapped it shut, leaving me with a simmering anger to give me strength, and the cool and comforting numbness to actually think ahead.
Whatever was on the other side of that door, those three likely took down or cleared through most of it. I couldn’t waste an opportunity like this.
I opened my eyes with newfound resolve and I turned to Regis. “Let’s go.”





Chapter 253
Chapter 253: A Healthy Appetite
Preparations didn’t take very long, especially since our inventory was basically nonexistent. I tore off what was left of my tattered shirt, revealing milky white skin that didn’t seem to have any sort of muscle definition.
“Great,” I muttered, looking down at my body.
“Why so glum? You have a body most would kill for...” Regis started before snickering. “Most girls, that is.”
I swatted at my companion but he zipped out of reach this time.
My long pants were mostly intact thanks to the leather cuisses. Taking off the thick sheets of leather that had been protecting my thighs, I created a makeshift vest by tearing off pieces of the leather with my teeth and using strips of my shirt to tie them together around my waist and over my shoulder.
With the extra strips of fabric I had left, I created a mask to cover my mouth and nose and wrapped the rest around my hands.
“Why the mask? Are you trying to just complete your little ninja ensemble?” Regis asked, inspecting my new appearance.
I curled and uncurled my fingers that were wrapped up to the second knuckle by the cloth. “The Alacryans that passed by had different types of armor that most likely fit their fighting styles, but all three had masks around their necks and unlike ourselves, they seemed to know what it is they’re getting themselves into.”
“Wow. Smart,” Regis acknowledged, bobbing his head up and down.
“Why do you sound so surprised when you know I’ve led two lives?”
“Good point. This one apologizes for his ignorance, Milady.”
I rolled my eyes. This was going to be a long journey.
After going through a series of movements and martial art forms to loosen my clumsy new body with, I walked up to the large metal door feeling even less prepared than I felt before readying myself.
Every time I moved, there was an almost tangible resistance. It felt like the very air around me had been replaced by tar.
I placed my hands on the door filled with runes and let out a sigh. “Are you ready?”
“Let’s go,” Regis said without a trace of mockery.
I pushed open the door with ease and what appeared on the other side looked to be an extension of the room we were in now.
Looking at Regis, I jerked my head towards the door.
“What? Why me?” my companion complained.
“Because. You’re incorporeal,” I said flatly.
Letting out a string of curses, the will-o-wisp hovered toward the other side of the door when he jerked to a stop all of a sudden.
“Ouch! That actually hurt,” he said, more confused than in pain.
“What’s going on?” I asked, carefully waving my hand in the area where Regis got hurt.
Unlike Regis, though, I was able to go through.
“Ouch! Stop that!” Regis snarled, his form quivering.
I did it once more, and Regis yelped in pain again before glaring at me.
“Just wanted to make sure,” I smirked contently.

“I don’t think this is just an entryway to another room,” Regis grumbled. “This is the same kind of pain I get if I move too far from you, but the pain level is a lot more gradual than this.”
“That means this is most likely a portal,” I replied, looking at the room on the other side of the door. “Wait, why did you try to leave me?”
Regis shrugged. “I’m a sentient being. I wanted to know what my limit was and it’s not like I was born inherently loyal to you.”
I shook my head. “I’d be a lot more upset if you were actually useful as a weapon.”
“Touché,” Regis quipped.
“We’ll cross together on three,” I decided.
Regis nodded, positioning himself just behind the doorway. My heart thumped against my ribcage as I felt my senses heighten. I had no idea what we would face as soon as we left this ‘sanctuary’.
“One. Two. Three!” I stepped through alongside Regis, ready for whatever challenges awaited. However, we were met in complete silence aside from the click and hum of the door closing behind us.
The marble floor underneath my feet was flawlessly smooth but unlike the circular room we were in before, this one was a long straight hallway with a ceiling that arched high above our heads with another metal door etched with runes on the other side. Two rows of sconces were lined across the patterned wall, illuminating the hallway in a warm natural light. On either side of us were giant marble statues depicting men and women armed with not just the familiar swords, spears, wands and bows, but also... guns.
Apparently, Regis was just as surprised as I was. “Are those...”
“Guns? I think so,” I answered.
The firearms that some of the statues were holding were different from the ones I was accustomed to from my previous life. They were more archaic, like the ones of the past that still used metal bullets and gunpowder.
My gaze shifted away from the stone statues for a moment, landing on the door straight ahead, roughly three hundred feet or so.
“So we just...walk past these giant stone statues and go to the door on the other side. That’s not ominous at all,” Regis muttered.
Rather than walking straight ahead, I walked over to the wall to my right, searching for any sort of hidden side exit. After searching both walls, I let out a sigh and looked down the middle aisle again between the row of stone statues.
“You don’t suppose these statues will start moving and try to kill us once we get near them, right?”
“There’s only one way to find out,” Regis said, perching himself on my shoulder. “Onward to victory, Milady!”
I got in a stance to run, cursing this new body of mine. If I was able to use magic, clearing this hallway would’ve taken no more than a few seconds—less, if I used Static Void. Letting out a sharp breath and allowing my brain to clear itself from needless thoughts, I pushed my feet off the ground and broke into a full on sprint through the line of stone statues on either side of me.
“Come on! A toddler can crawl faster than this!” Regis badgered right beside my ear, infuriating me even more than my debilitated body. Gritting my teeth, I continued running as fast as my heavy legs would take me when I misstepped and tripped over my own feet.
I slid forward on the ground, barely managing to bring my arms up fast enough to keep myself from slamming my face into the cold marble floor.
There was no pain, only embarrassment as I scrambled back up to my feet. It didn’t help that my companion was laughing his nonexistent ass off as he reenacted my crash.
I dusted myself off and started briskly walking. “Hey. What happens to you if I die?”
Regis stopped laughing. “Huh?”
“Do you become free, or do you die as well?”
“I never really thought about it but...” Regis pondered for a moment. “The foundation of this form comes from the acclorite that was placed into your body, but my life force is tied to you so if you die, I suppose...”
“You go back to being a hunk of rock?” I finished, scanning the statues now surrounding us as we passed the quarter mark in the hallway. “That’s nice to know.”
“Hey! Are you s-smiling?” Regis stuttered, looking at me with those large, unblinking white eyes of his.
“You’re just seeing things,” I said, swatting him away.
“No, I saw you smile! Are you sure some of Uto’s mana didn’t infect you, or were you always a bit sociopathic?”
Ignoring him, I searched for any signs that the statues were a danger to us. Continuing our way down the long hallway, a sensation I hadn’t felt since waking up in this...place, struck: hunger.

The sharp pang that made my stomach churn went away as quickly as it had come but a little bit of it lingered behind, making my mouth water.
We had only taken a few more steps past the quarter mark of the hallway when my vision began to narrow, blurring out everything but the statues in front of me.
“Well, I’ll be. No stone statues came to life and started attacking us,” Regis chimed as he floated closer to a statue holding what looked like a shotgun.

Suddenly the room shook as the lights from the sconces dimmed to an eerie degree.
I looked forward at the exit still over two hundred feet away. The aetheric runes carved on the door had changed and the handle that used to be there was gone.
Thanking Sylvie mentally for being able to see so far with such clarity, I whirled back around, bolting for the door we had come from.
I had no idea if we would be allowed back into the sanctuary but it was either that or face whatever it was that was about to happen.
I must’ve taken about ten steps when the statues around me began cracking. Large stone fragments broke off and fell to the floor...and as more and more of the statues began crumbling, the more I could make out what was inside them.
What was exposed from the coffin-like statues these...creatures were trapped in could be nothing short of unsettling. Scabrous flesh covered patches of exposed muscles and bone in these sinewy humanoid creatures. The weapons depicted in the statues were actually weapons in similar shapes made of elongated bones and muscle fibers.
If I could describe it simply, it would look like some lunatic had ripped apart a large human and tried to piece him back together inside out. Like some failed chimera experiment.
The first chimera to fully ‘hatch’ out of its stone encasement had been a statue of a man wielding a bow and arrow. It let out a guttural screech from its crooked mouth as it leapt from the podium the statue was on, sending shivers throughout my entire body.
“W-Well...at least technically the statues aren’t trying to kill us,” Regis mumbled. “Just what was inside them.”
I raced toward the door that we had come through, less than a hundred feet away. However, just after a few steps, I heard a faint whistle in the air.
Without looking back, I dove to the side and rolled, narrowly managing to avoid the bone arrow that managed to create a fissure on the ground from the force of its impact.
I scrambled back up to my feet just as the bow-wielding creature snapped off one of its long, spiked vertebrae and nocked the ‘arrow’ on the gut string of its bow.
“Axe monster finished hatching as well!” Regis called out from above, just a few feet away.
The split second I had taken to look over at the second chimera with axes for arms was all the bow-wielding chimera needed.
A burst of pain erupted from my side and I was sent flying back from the impact. Letting out a hoarse cough, I looked down to see a bone arrow protruding just below my ribcage.
I got up to my knees. My vision narrowed again, blurring out everything but what I had to focus on. I’ve had this feeling before in battle, but nothing as extreme as this. My head pounded against my skull as blood surged through my body.
I jumped back, barely in time to dodge the blurred swing of the axe chimera. Just as it was about to swing down its other bladed arm at me, a black shadow whizzed by.
Regis stuck to the axe chimera, obstructing its vision and allowing me the opportunity to limp away.
I made it another few steps when another searing pain bloomed, this time from my left leg.
Stifling a scream, I toppled forward, barely avoiding the first arrow from getting pushed further into my stomach.
“Arthur! I can only distract one of them and there are more of these things hatching!”
“I know!” I mustered through gritted teeth. I snapped the shaft off of the bone arrow inside my body, letting out a gasp as I did the same with the arrow on my leg.
My vision pulsed once more as if my body was trying to expel my soul. Colors began fading and what began surrounding the sinewy monsters emerging free from their stone statues were soft auras of purple. Looking down at the bone and muscle-strewn shafts of the arrows in my hand, the same soft purple aura seeped, causing me to do something that I couldn’t quite believe.
I bit down on one arrow. More specifically, I bit down on the aetheric aura surrounding the arrow, consuming the aether as if it were the meat attached to a bone.
“What in the unholy hell are you doing?” Regis cried out.
I chomped down on the dwindling aetheric fire, tearing it off the bone arrow and swallowing it down before moving onto the other aether-coated arrow.

My veins burned as the aetheric substance surrounding the arrows flowed through me, filling me with a strength that I hadn’t felt since waking up with this body.
It had gone as quickly as it had come, but what shocked me was that the wound on my leg and side were gone and two bloody arrowheads were on the ground below my feet.
With no time to spare, I got back to my feet with a renewed spring in my step. The ground trembled as the third chimera fully freed itself from its statue-shaped coffin—this one being a sword-wielding one.
The sword chimera jumped off its podium and galloped toward me at a breakneck pace while the first chimera loaded another one of its spiked vertebrae onto its bow.
Controlling my breathing, I let my enhanced senses pick up on the details.
The bow chimera released with a sharp whistle, but this time I was able to actually see the path of the bone arrow piercing through the air. Dodging it with an exaggerated motion, I steadied myself in order to face the sword chimera just a few feet away.
It swung its pale white broadsword in a brilliant arch that left me with a gash even though I had managed to dodge it.
My heartbeat quickened as various scenarios raced through my head. In this life-or-death place facing monsters in my debilitated state, there was only one thing I could do: risk it all.
If I wasn’t prepared to give up my life, I knew I wouldn’t survive in this place.
Lunging forward as the sword chimera’s large blade skidded on the smooth marble surface with a screech, I grabbed its arm and bit down and consumed the purple aura surrounding it.
The sword chimera let out a mournful wail, revealing a mouthful of needle-pointed teeth. The chimera flailed wildly in pain but I clung on, trying to hurt it in any way I could. Kicks and punches hurt me more than it hurt the chimera but as I continued consuming the purple-tinged aura surrounding the chimera’s sword-wielding arm, I felt my strength growing.
An explosion resounded this time and the entire room shook madly, throwing me off the chimera.
The chimera kicked me with its long, leathery leg and I slammed against the wall, coughing up blood and a couple of teeth.
“Arthur!” I heard in the distance as my consciousness faded in and out.
Ahead of me, marching towards me was an army of chimeras, each wielding a different weapon made of bone and muscle.
Another explosion resounded, much closer this time, and the ground in front of me burst into shards of marble and blood.
A guttural scream tore out of my throat as a pool of blood formed just where my left leg had been. It was the chimera holding what looked like a gun, its hollowed bone pointed right at me.
Dragging my body across the floor as the chimeras approached, almost tauntingly slow, I reached for the door we had come through—the door to the sanctuary.
Pulling myself up to my single good leg, I pulled at the handle. It wouldn’t budge.
“Come on!” I pleaded, yanking at the metal handle futilely.
Regis, who had floated back to me, let out a sigh. “My life sucked.”
I heard a faint whistle before a piercing pain erupted once more, this time from my left shoulder.
Gritting through the pain, I kept myself from falling by pressing myself against the wall and grabbing ahold of the handle for support.
That’s when I saw it. Amongst all of the aetheric runes and symbols etched onto this door, there was a single part that I recognized from when I had watched Elder Rinia activating the teleportation gate in the ancient mage’s hideout.
Pressing myself harder against the wall for support, I used my only good hand to trace the aetheric runes.
Nothing happened.
“Damn it! Please!” I pleaded, trying again.
I screamed once more as another arrow pierced my lower back, dangerously close to my spine. I gripped the handle again, to keep myself from falling, when I saw the same faint purple aura the chimeras emitted around Regis.
My eyes widened. “Regis, quick, come here!”
“Okay, but you’re not going to eat me, right?” Regis said, uncertain.
“Hurry!” I hissed. “Get in my hand!”
The black will-o-wisp darted into my right hand, and I almost cheered in delight at what I saw. My hand was tinted in a faint aura of purple.
Quickly, I traced through the runes again, shifting it ever-so-slightly so that its function of opening was enabled.
The hum of the door unlocking was heavenly, but my eyes widened as I spotted the gun-wielding chimera fully loaded and a thick cluster of purple gathered at the nozzle.
Prying the door open just enough for me to squeeze through, I lunged back inside the sanctuary just in time to feel the door shudder from the force of the chimera’s shotgun shell.





Chapter 254
Chapter 254: Round Two
I toppled forward, collapsing hard on the cold marble floor of the sanctuary as a pool of dark crimson began spreading around me.
Struggling against the numbing grasp that threatened to rip my consciousness away, I crawled away from the door, desperate to get as far away from those monstrosities as possible.
“Arthur,” Regis muttered, his voice soft.
With the plethora of wounds driving hot needles through my body and mind, I focused on trying to keep myself alive.
Reaching a shaking hand over my shoulder, I gripped the shaft of one of the bone arrows lodged in my back.
I stifled a scream as tears rolled down my face. Without mana to protect my body and adrenaline to dull the pain, even touching the arrow sent spikes of burning agony through my back.
Letting out a guttural yell, I snapped the shaft off. A wave of nausea overcame me and I threw up on the ground. With nothing in my stomach, I heaved water and stomach acid until all I could do was gag.
It took a few minutes for my body to calm down—honestly, it could’ve been longer since I blacked out a few times in between. Mustering what little strength I had left, I brought the bone shaft up to my mouth.
“You’re not going to—oh, yup yeah you are.”
Regis regarded me with a grimace but I didn’t care. The aetheric aura was pure nourishment for me and I already felt strength returning to my body.
I snapped off the other shaft lodged in my side, barely able to keep myself from throwing up. I consumed the aetheric essence from that as well, thinking of how I was going to get out of here now that I only had one leg.
The pool of crimson that had spread underneath me began to dry, a good sign that I wasn’t bleeding anymore.
After polishing off both arrows, I dragged myself to the fountain. Gulping down mouthfuls of the clear cold water as my body grew limp and eyelids became heavier, I leaned back against the side of the marble fountain and let the darkness overcome me.
***
I was jolted out of my slumber in a fit of coughs as if I had been drowning in my sleep. I clutched at my chest, gasping for air as the wounds on my back burned.
Suddenly, Regis shot out of my chest.
“What...the hell are you doing?” I asked, controlling my breathing.
“I swear that wasn’t me. Okay, maybe it was a little me,” Regis replied with a guilty expression.
I shot him a glare that sent him retreating back a few more feet. “I’ll tell you what I found out while you were sleeping, but first, check out your body!”
Confused, I looked down, preparing myself for the worst. I had gotten shot three times in the back and once on my left leg before that same leg had been blown apart by a shotgun that I could only imagine Satan himself wielding.
However when my gaze reached my legs, I couldn’t help but let out a sharp breath. There it was, my left leg—bare from the thigh down but completely intact and without a scratch. I touched, prodded and pinched my leg to make it sure it was real, to make sure that it was mine.
“Neat, huh! You’re like some sort of weird starfish or spider,” Regis said excitedly.
I let out a laugh, unable to contain my relief. “You can’t think of a better life form to compare me to?”
“Well, I was going to say lizard but they can only regrow their tails and that’s not technically—”
“Okay, I get it,” I chuckled before studying my leg more closely. “I get healing a few gashes and puncture wounds but my left leg was completely blown off. Do you have any idea how I was able to do that?”
“I was getting to that,” Regis began. “I don’t know how you got the idea of eating the aether coming from those monsters but that saved you—no, it more than saved you.”
“What do you mean?”
“Your physiology right now is neither human nor asura. It’s something in between because of the sacrificial aether art Sylvie used on you. The problem you had once you became conscious was that your mana core is damaged beyond repair. Unlike a lesser, without a functioning and rather powerful mana core to boot, you can’t sustain this body.”
“That doesn’t make any sense. How would my own body not be able to support...my body?” I asked.
“If you think of why asuras are so innately powerful, it’s because unlike lessers, their body is reliant on mana to operate. Since the moment asuras are born, their mana cores are constantly being taxed to even sustain their very lives. If their mana cores broke, their whole body would slowly collapse.”

I grimaced. “Okay, so since I don’t have a mana core, my body is slowly shutting down?”
“It was, until you savagely started eating the aether from those monsters like some starving zombie,” Regis explained. “After that, your body began to sustain itself a little better.”
I looked down at my hands and feet, marveling at how different this body was compared to my old one. It wasn’t just my exterior appearance that had changed.
“And more exciting still...remember when you were like, ‘Regis, get in my hand!’?” Regis said in a voice annoyingly similar to mine. “Well you thought that it was the aether from me that you were manipulating, right? It was actually the aether you already had inside your body. For some reason, when I went into your hand, all of that aether you had consumed—which had been spread throughout your body—came toward me.”
“Interesting...wait, does that mean you can basically siphon aether out of my body and use it for yourself?” I asked, suspicious.
“Maybe,” Regis answered before hurriedly continuing. “But I didn’t! Okay, maybe a little, but only once I knew your life wasn’t in danger! Until then, I went inside your leg and made sure all of the aether you had left in your body was focused on regenerating it. That’s why your leg is in perfect shape while the injuries on your back aren’t fully healed.”
I let out a sigh, tired by how my own companion was trying to pull fast ones over me.
“Look, I could go walk over to that door and trigger the range limit to put you in pain—hell, give me a few hours and I can think of even more creative ways to punish your incorporeal ass, but I don’t think keeping you on a tight leash is how we’re going to get out of here.”
Regis’ eyes widened at the thought before he nodded fervently.
“So you said that the aether I consume is spread around my body, momentarily nourishing and strengthening it before it’s all used up, correct?” I asked.
“Yup. From what I gathered, the aether tries to keep you at an optimal state so it prioritizes recovering wounds first, which is probably why you don’t feel that much stronger.”
“Good. And I’m guessing that if you consume the aether in my body, you’ll get stronger too in some way or another?”
“That’s what it feels like right now, didn’t you notice?”
I raised a brow. “Notice what?”
“My horns! They grew like an eighth of an inch!”
I stared at him, deadpan until he let out a cough.
“Anyway...what were you were saying, my beautiful master?”
I pointed at the metal door a few feet away. “We’re going to go back out there and try to harvest as much aetheric essence as possible either from the arrows or from those chimeras themselves and come back here.”
Regis’ eyes grew wide “Seriously? To what end?”
“Until I get strong enough to kill them all,” I said matter-of-factly.
Crossing through the door and walking up to the triggering point in the hallway wasn’t any easier the second time. The fact that we knew what was coming actually made it worse, but this time my body felt just a bit lighter and stronger, plus I knew what to expect.
With a rumble and explosion of stone fragments, the bow-wielding chimera broke loose from its statue first—the same as last time.
I broke into a sprint back toward the door to the sanctuary. I couldn’t allow myself to get surrounded here.
The goal was simple. Consume as much aether from the chimeras as I could while sustaining as little injuries as possible. The fewer injuries I had, the more aether that I consumed would go into strengthening Regis and my own body.
“So,” Regis began as we continued fleeing back while more stone statues began splintering. “We split the aether 50/50?”
“Nice try,” I scoffed. “80/20 after my wounds have been healed.”
Regis clicked his tongue...or made a sound that resembled it. “Stingy-ass.”
“Maybe if you become an actual weapon of some sort after getting stronger, I can allocate some more to you,” I replied, looking back over my shoulder.
The two of us parted ways as the chimera leapt off the podium it was on and landed with a ‘thud’. Locking its beady eyes at me, it unhinged its needled teeth-filled jaw and let out a monstrous wail that sent chills down my spine.
Maintaining my balance in this body while moving anything faster than a brisk walk took more control than when I was a toddler.
Still, I managed to make it back close enough to the sanctuary door without tripping this time. Whirling around to face the chimera, I stared as it ripped off one of its spiked vertebrae and nocked it on its bone bow.
The chimera released its attack, launching the bone arrow in a piercing howl that tore through the air.
I rolled out of the way, not trusting myself to dodge by a small margin. As the arrow struck the wall, the entire room trembled, and before I could even gather myself, the chimera already had two arrows ready to fire in its bow.

It didn’t do that last time, I thought.
Thankfully, Regis had reached the chimera by this time and was dancing crazily around its face.

The arrows missed their mark, allowing me some time to snap off the shafts of the arrow from the stone wall. I saved an arrow for later and consumed the aetheric essence off of the other one.
Things seemed to go more-or-less according to plan for the first few minutes until the second chimera broke loose. Then the third and a fourth...and a fifth.
“They’re breaking out faster this time!” Regis roared, still keeping the bow chimera occupied.
Cursing inwardly, my gaze shifted between the three chimeras racing toward me like frenzied animals holding weapons and the entrance back to the sanctuary.
I buried the temptation of leaving this soon. I wasn’t injured and I had consumed a bit of aether but that was nowhere enough now. My initial plan of harvesting a few arrows from the bow-wielding chimera to slowly get stronger over time had gone down the drain now that the possibility of the chimeras breaking free faster each time had dawned on me.
I wasn’t strong enough to beat them this round and I needed to get a lot stronger for the next round or I had no hope of going past this floor, let alone this entire dungeon.
The chimera wielding a whip made from the spine of some large serpent reached me first. Its weapon blurred in a barrage of swipes, sweeps and strikes, each of which created divots and splintered the ground.
Hardened battle instincts and decades of fighting knowledge made up for what little strength and control I had over this body. I ducked, rolled and weaved through the spiked whip, but I was just barely holding on even before the other two chimeras reached us.
The room was soon in chaos as Regis did his best to occupy the bow-wielding and shotgun-wielding chimera while I coped with the rest.
I clung onto chimeras as soon as their strikes missed and their weapons had become stuck in the ground from the sheer force of the attacks before consuming their aetheric essence to regenerate the wounds accrued throughout this little game of tag.
Every so often, the room would rumble after the shotgun fired off somewhere. Thankfully, Regis was doing his part.
“Watch out!” Regis suddenly called.
My gaze immediately landed on the bow chimera poised to launch three arrows before I whirled around and dove toward the sword chimera’s swing.
I had managed to avoid the sword just as I heard the deadly howls of the arrows. Following the swing’s momentum, I gripped the chimera’s sword arm and tossed the chimera over my shoulder in line with the three arrows.
The sheer impact of the arrows hitting the sword chimera knocked me off my feet and sent me tumbling back while the sword chimera toppled over me and landed on the whip chimera.
I watched in excitement as the chimera writhed in pain and just as an inkling of hope manifested in me, a blur whizzed by and the blunt end of the other chimera’s spear struck me.
Barely managing to guard the blow with my arms, I let out a gasp as the air was forced out of my lungs.
“Arthur!” I heard Regis yell as I flew back and hit the wall with such force that I felt something more than just the wall crack behind me.
I collapsed on the floor, blood pooling underneath me even faster than the time I lost a leg.
Both my arms had been broken from guarding against the blow and my consciousness wavered.
Contorting my body, I pried the broken arrow I had saved with my teeth and began swallowing the aetheric essence.
My right arm was shattered beyond use but I was now able to move my left arm. With strength slowly returning, I managed to pull myself up off the floor.
The room was just a few steps to my left and the temptation to just go back grew stronger. I weighed my options, trying to figure out the best way for me to survive when a beastly roar captured my attention.
The sword chimera and bow chimera were fighting...against each other.
The whip and spear chimera realized that I was still alive and raced toward me. A few minutes ago, I would’ve accepted this as my death, but now, a plan had solidified in my head.
My eyes locked onto the whip chimera just a bit ahead of its spear-wielding friend and with a sharp breath, I dashed toward it.
The chimera reacted by brandishing its skeletal whip as it continued its charge toward me. However, just before it was within range, I turned sharply to my right—nearly tripping in the process—and headed toward the spear chimera.
I only have one shot at this.
Not wanting its prey to get away, the first chimera struck its whip at me with a sharp ‘crack’.

Now!
I raised my only able arm holding the bone shaft and blocked the tail end of the whip before it spun around the bone arrow.
Come on...
Now with the tail end of the whip in my grasp, I dove down just below the spear chimera’s midsection swing and used the whip as a tripwire.
The spear chimera toppled forward and crashed into the wall in a thunderous crash.
Unfortunately for me, the whip that I had been holding onto jerked back, taking me with it.
With an angered roar, the chimera prepared to deal its finishing blow as its foot pressed down my chest when another bellow echoed just beside us.
Success!
Speary charged relentlessly and lunged its spear into its whip-wielding friend’s shoulder. Soon, the two chimeras were battling amongst themselves. All that was left was for the last stage of my plan.
The shotgun chimera was slow to reload its gun but each attack made a crater in the wall or floor of the hallway. I was just thankful that Regis was able to blind it enough so it wouldn’t be too much of a threat.
Now, I needed to take advantage of that threat.
“Regis! Keep its eyes covered but steer its gun toward me!” I barked after narrowly rolling away from Speary and Whippy’s scuffle.
Unlike before, my companion didn’t question the command and unlatched itself from the shotgun chimera’s face just enough to keep its vision mostly obscured.
Enraged, the chimera swung its gun at Regis who was zipping around its face.
With no time to waste, I scrambled past Speary and Whippy and positioned myself in front of them just as the chimera Regis was harassing had fully charged up its gun.
“Now!” I roared.
Regis flew towards me and I found myself staring down the barrel of the chimera’s shotgun once more.
This time, however, it was on purpose.
Timing it up until the very last moment, I leaped out of the way just as the chimera fired, letting the bullets rain down on Whippy and Speary.
I gritted through the pain that shot up my shattered arm and back, astonished by the sight before me.
The shotgun had punched holes through both the spear and whip chimera—both of whom where laying limp.
The plan had worked better than I expected.
With no time to lose, I ran to the two chimeras that were tangled up in the chimera’s long whip and dragged them toward the door.
A feral roar ripped out from the shotgun chimera’s throat, getting the attention of the arrow and sword chimera that had been fighting each other. The two regarded each other for a moment before their beady eyes landed on me.
Crap.
I heaved even harder, my eyes glued on the bow chimera reading its arrow and the sword chimera sprinting toward me.
“Regis!” I called out, not able to see the floating black fireball anywhere.
“Here,” Regis groaned, manifesting just beside me. “I didn’t know that it would take this long for me to form back after being obliterated.”
An arrow whizzed, barely grazing me on the leg as I continued pulling the corpses of the two chimeras back toward the sanctuary with only one arm.
I let out a roar, mustering every last bit of my strength in pulling the giant chimeras.
Another arrow whizzed. Without the strength and time to do much else, I pivoted my body so the arrow would strike my right shoulder, sacrificing my debilitated arm to keep the rest of my body able.
A piercing pain burned through me and I almost fell back from the force of the blow but I managed to stay on my feet.
The sword chimera was less than ten feet away by the time we reached the door and I had activated the aether runes to allow our escape.
I hauled the two chimeras through the portal, and even while I was physically inside the sanctuary, my heart pounded against my cracked ribs when I saw the spine whip slowly untangling itself around the two chimeras.
Barely managing to pull the whip chimera through the portal, I scrambled forward and began pulling back the spear chimera as well but as the whip around the spear chimera loosened, I felt a strong force pulling it back.
“No!” I roared, watching the spear chimera slip back through the portal as the sword chimera pulled it back.
“We need to close the door!” Regis shouted, shooting out of my hand.
“Damn it!” I cursed before giving up and shutting the large metal door close.





Chapter 255
Chapter 255: Victory
My body shuddered as I let out a deep breath. Looking down at my body, I could see people mistaking me for a young noble barely in his twenties. Without a scar or blemish on me, the perfectly defined muscles that ran down my arms, torso and legs looked like they had been painted on, rather than acquired through training.
A faint aura of purple enveloped me, slowly dimming as more and more aether dissipated from my body. However, the biggest difference was something I could feel rather than see.
It was a feeling that differed from when I had enhanced my old body with mana... It was even different from how I felt after unlocking the third stage of the Sylvia’s dragon will in my fight against Nico. The strength pumping through me didn’t feel borrowed or artificially implanted—it felt like it was mine.
Approaching the nearby wall of the sanctuary, I squeezed my hand into a fist. My own eyes failed to properly see my hand as it struck the wall with a deafening explosion.
The entire room shook as water from the fountain spilled on the ground. While barely a crack had formed on the wall, I was still content; I knew that the force of my blow just now was enough to easily punch a large hole through even the thick metal gates of the Wall.
I looked down to see the wound on my fist already closing and healing itself. Turning around, I silently thanked the corpse of the giant chimera that had now been reduced to a pile of withered bones now that the aetheric essence holding it together had been absorbed.
“Ayy! You finally look a bit more like a man—at least, your body, that is,” Regis exclaimed, studying me.
“And you still look like a blob of ink,” I quipped, swatting him away.
I expected my hand to simply pass through him like it usually did, but this time I felt some resistance upon contact.
“Woah,” I said, startled.
Regis waggled his brows in an expression that I could only see as lewd. “Did you get a good feel for my muscles?”
I wiped my hand on my pants. “Gross.”
Regis laughed, zipping around the air as if he were flying for the first time.
I shook my head. “We should leave now. I can feel the aetheric essence leaving my body by the second and I need as much as possible if we’re going to kill all of those chimeras.
“You’re right,” my companion replied with confidence. “Let’s do this.”
Taking one last deep breath to calm myself, I pushed open the door.
My body tensed and my heart pounded against my ribs. Even though my mind knew I stood a much better chance against the chimeras, the fear and pain had been deeply ingrained into my body.
“Third time and this place is still creepy even without the chimeras trying to kill us,” Regis groused.
We continued walking, trying to make out any differences from the last time we came here. I hoped that the whip chimera that we had killed wouldn’t be here but its statue remained intact and looked somehow even scarier than the previous times.
“I’m curious how the party before us got through,” I wondered, my head still turning left and right as I scanned our surroundings. “How strong are those three?”
Regis shrugged. “Hopefully we’ll never have to find out.”
I must’ve reached the activation point because the room suddenly rumbled.
However, unlike the previous two times, that was the only warning—no gradual crumbling of the statues, no time spent prying themselves free from their encasings.
“So I was right,” I sighed. “They do break out faster each time.”
Regis rolled his eyes. “I’d clap slowly, applauding you for your incredible foresight but—y’know—no hands.”
All of the chimeras immediately leaped out from their podiums and let out a shrill screech in unison.
I got into a fighting stance, my trained eyes taking in the position and weapons of the twelve chimeras surrounding us.
I focused on the three chimeras wielding long-ranged weapons: a bow, a shotgun, and dual crossbows.
After making sure that the Sylvie egg was tucked tightly beneath my leather vest, I pushed the ground beneath my feet, propelling myself to the nearest chimera.
“I know the rough timing of the shotgun chimera. Keep the one with the crossbows occupied!” I ordered as I drove my fist into a chimera wielding two maces made from the skull of a giant ape-like beast.
The chimera was sent a few steps back from the force of the blow and it screeched in pain but was able to make a desperate swing with one of its maces.
I ducked under its path and released a wide hook straight into its exposed ribcage. It buckled and let out another wail but before I could capitalize on its injuries, an arrow caught me in my leg, going straight through my thigh.
Gritting through the pain, I tackled the mace chimera onto its back and focused on the other chimeras fast approaching.
Keeping the position of the shotgun and bow chimera always in mind, I dashed toward the next chimera.
Each step I took, each punch I threw, I could feel more of the aether that I had gathered being spent. Even as I consumed aether mid-battle from the various chimeras, I was expending it much faster than I could absorb it and I had only managed to barely kill three.

Making sure that my breathing remained controlled and movements sharp and unwasted, I mustered forward, using the same tactics I had used the last round. I was able to make two chimeras kill each other until the shotgun chimera quelled its forces with a gutteral warcry.
Meanwhile, Regis continued to occupy the crossbow chimera. Based on the speed at which its weapons reloaded and the power each bone bolt contained, I made the right choice in making Regis blind that one.
Still, as I killed more and more, an uneasiness spread from my stomach.
The entire hallway was littered with fragments of stone from the crumbled statues and the divots dug up from the battle ensuing.
I could tell that I had used over half of the aether I had gathered from the whip chimera, and the ones left were stronger than the ones I had killed.
“It’s never easy, is it,” I muttered under my breath, my eyes focused on the chimera with serrated daggers for hands.
Another idea began to form as my gaze shifted from the dagger chimera to the sword chimera.
Dodging the arrows of the bow chimera and picking two of them up, I locked onto the one wielding twin daggers.
Before I engaged, I hurled the arrow like a javelin, letting its tip bury itself into the arm of the sword chimera.
With no time to relax, I dipped and weaved through the flurry of swings from the lanky dagger chimera. My mind brought up scenes from almost ten years ago when I had sparred against Jasmine on a daily basis while starting my time as an adventurer.
However, unlike the way Jasmine seemed to almost dance with her daggers in hand, this chimera’s techniques were crude and relied on its long reach and ridiculous strength and speed.
Whoever made these things might have imbued the physical prowess of an S class mana beast, but it’s intellect and technique were subpar.
I continued skirting just out of reach from the dagger-wielding chimera, leading it around the palm of its hands now that I was fast enough to easily dodge its swings. I couldn’t make them kill each other while the shotgun chimera continued keeping its distance from me and shooting every so often. However, I was able to use wild swings made by the dagger chimera to give injuries to the other chimeras trying to kill me as well.
Growing more and more frustrated by its inability to even touch me, the dagger chimera let out sharp screeches, swinging its two daggers until a rather desperate overhead swing dug one of its blades a bit too deeply into the ground.
Finally with an opportunity in place, I jumped up, using its arm as a platform to reach its head in a roundhouse kick that snapped the arm stuck on the ground.
Just in time, the sword chimera found the perfect opportunity to kill me with its giant sword—regardless of whether its attack would also kill the dagger chimera as well.
Gotcha.
Immediately taking the other arrow I had picked up earlier, I defended the overhead strike of the giant sword and redirected its path straight onto the broken arm of the dagger chimera.
I felt my left shoulder pop out of its socket from the sheer impact, but it worked. The dagger had been cut cleanly off from the rest of the chimera’s arm.
The dagger chimera let out a loud wail of pain, distracting the sword chimera just long enough for me to free the severed dagger from the ground.
The dagger in my hand looked more like a longsword, but the all-too-familiar sensation of a sword in my hand filled me with a newfound confidence.
Pissed off by the fact that I was using one of its hands as my own weapon, the dagger chimera ignored its injuries and scuttled toward me using all three of its remaining limbs.
Quickly popping the dislocated shoulder back in place, I gripped my new sword with both hands and smirked. “I finally got a weapon.”
“Oh bite me!” Regis snapped, his speed noticeably slower as he continued buzzing around the enraged crossbow chimera.
All it took was one step to avoid the desperate strike of the dagger chimera and a pivot to dodge the arrow of the bow chimera before I swung my new sword. And with that single swing, the severed bug-like head of the dagger chimera rolled on the floor.
The soft glow of purple surrounding the chimera’s dagger in my hand dimmed with that one swing and I knew that this weapon wouldn’t last much longer.
Cutting the other dagger off the headless chimera’s arm, I left it close by as I started my onslaught.
The sword chimera was next, its legs cut first before I stabbed my decaying dagger into its throat.
Four more seconds until the shotgun chimera is finished reloading.
I dashed past a chimera wielding a lance and shield as I knew it was one of the stronger ones, and I aimed my sword at an old friend of mine.
The whip chimera let out a shrill cry as I stabbed my sword into its gut and carved a line straight through its torso.
Discarding the dagger that had begun to crumble apart, I ran for the other dagger, dodging a barrage of arrows. Picking up the dagger on the ground, I prepared to rush the archer first when an earth-shattering roar resounded from behind.
I whirled around, prepared to dodge or block whatever was coming—except nothing was. It was the shotgun chimera that let out the thundering cry, but it wasn’t pointing its shotgun at me. It was standing tall with its arms spread wide.
It let out another roar, even louder this time, and the remaining seven chimeras that were still alive began barreling toward its leader.
Even the crossbow chimera ignored Regis and rushed toward the sound of its leader’s cry, leaving the two of us confused and wary.
“What in Hell’s name is going on now,” Regis groaned, floating by my side now.
Every fiber of my body screamed at me to run away. Unfortunately, the shotgun chimera was just in front of the door to the sanctuary and the rest had almost gathered together.
Spinning on my heels, I rushed to the metal door leading to the next level of this godforsaken dungeon and yanked at the rune-covered handle.

It didn’t budge.
Cursing internally, I scanned every inch of the door, looking for any familiar aetheric runes that I could alter like the door to the sanctuary.

“Uhh...Arthur?”
“What?” I snapped, my eyes darting left and right, trying to find something that would get this thing to open.
“They’re...piling on top of each other,” Regis continued.
Despite my body screaming at me to focus on getting out of here, I couldn’t resist.
My eyes widened in horror at what I saw.
The chimeras weren’t simply piling on top of one another. With my enhanced vision, I was able to clearly make out the chimeras...devouring each other.
“How intoxicating to watch,” Regis mumbled, eyes wide. “Maybe they’ll just end up killing each other like that.”
“I don’t think so.” The aetheric essence enveloping their bodies grew thicker as they continued to eat each other in a pile of flesh and bone.
I turned to the door, not wanting to stick around for what was to come. Unfortunately, the door wouldn’t budge and unlike the door to the sanctuary, there were no runes that I could decipher.
I slammed my fists against the door in frustration before I turned back toward the monstrosity I would have to face.
Luckily, they were still in the middle of whatever process they were undergoing.
Picking up the dagger beside me, I dashed toward the pile of chimeras. If I can’t run away from them, I’ll just have to try and do as much damage as I can before it fully forms.
I swung and stabbed the large serrated dagger in areas where the aetheric essence had gathered the most but aside from the occasional wails of pain and brief spasms, the chimeras continued devouring each other. “Come on. Just die already!”
Suddenly, another sharp chill ran down my spine as a pair of gleaming red eyes shot open.
A split second later, a blast of purple erupted from the mass of chimera bodies and hit me like a lead wall.
The concussive force spread, blasting both Regis and I into the air. Barely holding onto my consciousness, I anchored myself to the ground, gripping one of the divots created by the chimeras to keep myself from rolling.
Regis tottered toward me. “Well that friggin’ hurt.”
My brows furrowed “That hurt you too?”
That’s not good.
My mind whirled, trying to think of a plan to kill that hunk of bone and flesh when an earthly roar resounded. I looked up, afraid of what my eyes would see this time.
And what I saw was worse than what I had imagined.
Like one of those old shooting games I had played with Nico and Cecilia in my past life at the rundown retro arcade, the creatures had merged into its final form.
The monstrosity that was close to a hundred feet away towered over the second row of sconces, bringing it up to about twenty feet in height. It had three heads and stood on six legs that jutted out from the bottom of its lanky torso.
While it only had two arms, one of them was a combination of the shotgun and crossbows merged together with long spines jutting from its forearms. The other arm was composed of the whip with a spiked sickle at the end that screeched while it dragged on the ground as the creature skittered toward us.
The thought of luring it away from the door and escaping back to the sanctuary crossed my mind briefly, but what I feared more than facing this monster was doing this all over again.
Clearing my thoughts from unnecessary distractions—like Regis begging us to go back—I tightened my grip around the bone handle of the dagger and propelled myself forward.
The fused chimera responded by aiming the barrel of its gun at me. I could see two of the spiked vertebrae on its forearm load and the aetheric essence coalescing until it was visible to even the naked eye.
Waiting until the last second, I pivoted and veered right just in time to see the two bolts fire, surrounded by a concentrated blast of aether.
What I didn’t expect, however, was for the monster’s attack to carry the force of a missle.
The area exploded in a dome of purple along with the debris from the demolished floor. Even though the attack had missed, the aftershock alone blasted me flat against the corridor wall.
I felt several of my of my ribs crack and my vision blurred for a second as my brain threatened to shut off on me.
Regis hovered in front of me, his expression serious, but I couldn’t hear his voice over the sharp ring in my ears.
My eyes focused back on the fused chimera, afraid to leave it out of my sight for even a second longer. Picking up the dagger that had landed a few feet away, I charged forward, paying close attention to the flow of aether around its body.
I knew that it would take the monster a while to charge for that last attack again because its blaster arm dangled lifelessly by its side while the aetheric essence around it dissipated into a purple smoke. I needed to make sure that it wouldn’t be able to fire off another one of those attacks.

The only problem was that the blaster wasn’t its only weapon. The monster swung its chain sickle at a speed that created gales of wind and gashes on the ground as it raced toward me as well.
The closer we got, the more I felt the danger of even getting skimmed by that sickle, but I continued my assault.
I was forced to perform at a speed that far surpassed what a normal human could ever achieve. Even I was surprised as I sidestepped, swiveled and pivoted just enough to dodge the weapon capable of slicing the marble flooring like it was made of butter. My eyes constantly flitted, pinpointing the direction the sickle would come from based on the slightest twitch of movement made by the fused chimera.
The flow of aether around its whip arm and around its legs was oddly familiar, allowing me to make use of my knowledge of reading mana flow. With my enhanced body, experience, and monstrous reflexes, I managed to take down two of its six legs before the monster’s blaster had finished charging.
It’s now or never, I determined, ducking under another swipe from the sickled end of the whip.
I stepped forward, turning the serrated blade up and preparing to swipe up as the gray blur of the creature’s whip arm flashed past me.
Barely managing to pull my left arm back, I watched as the serrated dagger and the arm holding it dropped to the ground in a spray of blood.
“Arthur!” Regis’s cry snapped me out of the momentary daze and I immediately rolled forward and grabbed the dagger from my severed arm and attacked.
The chimera shrieked in pain as aetheric essence splattered from its severed blaster arm along with part of its shoulder.
“Arm for an arm,” I muttered grimly as I reached down and consumed the leaking aether from the chimera’s detached arm.
Power flowed through me, and despite its effects being momentary, there was enough aether in my body to test something that I had seen from the chimera itself.
“Regis, get in my hand,” I ordered.
My companion, although worried, flew into my hand and this time, I could feel the aether coalescing in my grip.
I knew that aether wasn’t supposed to be manipulated but beckoned or ‘influenced’—as the Indrath Clan put it—but what if there was a way to force it into submission—to make it beckon to my will?
I dashed after the disoriented chimera trying to form another arm from one of the other chimera corpses lying on the ground.
I let the aether in my body congregate to my fist where Regis laid inside, focusing on the feeling—memorizing it.
As more and more aura condensed in my left hand, a thin layer of black coated my hand like a smokey glove.
I felt my pace slowing as more and more of the aether powering my body went into my hand.
‘I feel like I’m going to burst here. What exactly did you have in mind?’ Regis said, his voice echoing in my mind.
“Just hold it in until I say so,” I said through gritted teeth. It felt like I was walking deeper and deeper into a pit of tar as my own body worked against me, but I was almost to the chimera.
However, before I could go any closer, one of the chimera’s three heads whirled to face me.
Its remaining two heads twisted to look at me as well, but rather than use its remaining whip and sickle arm to attack me, it seemed...wary.
All six of its eyes concentrated on my remaining hand.
Almost there!
My hand felt like it was being squeezed by two boulders as more and more aether coalesced inside it, but before I could get in range to unleash it, the very room quivered and the sconces flickered off.
I could feel the aether in the atmosphere tremble as a baleful aura spread from where the chimera stood—its six eyes now glowing purple.
It’s using the aether in its body and in the atmosphere to launch some sort of debilitating aura.
My luck finally seemed to be turning around though. Whether it was because of this body, or because of my strong mental strength from living two lives, the aetheric intent had little effect.
Ignoring the intensifying pain radiating from the stub of my cleaved arm, I dashed forth.
The chimera let out a hysterical screech and began wildly swinging its whip arm.
Concentrating on the flow of aether to determine the path of its attack, I dodged one last time and jumped up.
“Now!” I roared, barely able to swing my arm.
My aether clad fist landed right underneath its three heads as a blast of black and purple erupted from my attack.
It felt like every ounce of strength had been sapped clean from my body as I lay sprawled on the ground just beside the remains of the fused chimera.
My eyelids grew heavy as I succumbed to the dark grasp of sleep when a loud cry suddenly snapped me awake.
“Hah! Screw you, I am a weapon!” Regis whooped in glee.
Despite the near-death experience we had just overcome and the fact that I was still missing an arm, I couldn’t help but let out a hoarse laugh.
Barely pulling myself up to my feet, I inspected the fused chimera. I couldn’t tell whether I had used space or life aether, but I had managed to create a crater in its chest, disintegrating most of its head as well.
“Good job,” I said to my companion just in time to hear the soft ‘click’ of the door leading to the next stage unlocking.
“So, pretty boy, did you want to consume this hunk of bone and move onto the next room?” Regis asked with renewed confidence.
“Not quite,” I mustered, hobbling toward the fused chimera corpse. “You know how you said that even asuras have mana cores that sustain and power their bodies?”
“Yeah?” Regis tilted his head. “But your mana core is broken.”
“Yup.” I looked back at him, images of the purple-clad chimeras ingrained in my head. “So what if I tried forming an aether core?”





Chapter 256
Chapter 256: The Core
“This is crazy. It’s not going to work.”
“It might if you stop your relentless badgering,” I quipped, flexing the fingers of my newly regenerated arm.
Regis zipped up to my face. “Oh, I’m sorry. Is my genuine concern that you might blow yourself up bothering you?”
I swatted him away. “Yes.”
My floating companion’s smoky black head sizzled in anger. “Why are you even attempting this anyway? You just demolished the hidden boss of this level with a punch! I think you’re strong enough.”
“I can’t just rely on sustaining my body temporarily by eating aetheric essence off of monsters.”
“So your plan is just to form your own power source? Geez, I wonder why the wise and powerful dragons of the Indrath Clan haven’t thought of something like that...oh wait, they have!”
“Yes, I remember the story of the elders of the Indrath Clan attempting to form a core out of pure aether within the body of an infant clan member that was born without a core. You literally just told me.”
“And what did we learn from that story?” Regis asked as if he were speaking to an infant himself.
I sighed. “That the baby was met with a bloody death.”
“So why are you still trying to do this?” Regis seethed.
“Because I have no other choice if I want to get stronger. I don’t want to rely on temporary power boosts that I can’t even control from consuming another lifeform’s aetheric essence. You saw how fast it depletes from my body even when I’m not fighting.”
“‘That’s no reason to kill yourself over this!”
“Regis.” I stared coldly into the eyes of the black will-o-wisp. “I’m sure you know this from being fed my memories, but I’ve barely been able to fight against retainers while scythes are in a whole other league. I’m not just looking at surviving this hellish dungeon or ruin—whatever this place is. I’m looking at obtaining strength that can put me above them and up on the same level as asuras. Otherwise, getting out of here just means giving the enemy another chance at beating me back down.”
Regis remained silent as he studied me, his expression laced in a mixture of frustration and concern.
Finally, he let out a sigh. “Fine. Aside from the fact that you can physically eat aether, why do you think that your attempt won’t be any different from what the asuras attempted?”
“You’re forgetting that I was responsible for prematurely forming my own mana core when I was three. I’ll figure something out.”
***
The first step of my plan was to spend some time closely studying the chimera.
I studied how the aetheric essence had become bound to the chimera corpse. Despite the fact that the chimera couldn’t control or manipulate aether, unlike my own body, there was no leakage of the essence.

Utilizing my unique perception of the aether around me, I conducted experiments on the corpse.
Because it had been killed, the aether didn’t actively try to regenerate the broken parts of the chimera corpse. Instead, it seemed like it was in an almost suspended state.
Injuries that I had inflicted on the corpse postmortem weren’t being regenerated, and while there was some loss of aetheric essence from the wound, there was no leakage beyond that.
“Regis, try going inside the chimera and absorbing the aether directly,” I said, not taking my eyes off the corpse.
“Well, I wasn’t able to when it was alive, but I never tried it on a dead chimera,” Regis replied, floating toward the giant body.
Rather than sink inside the surface of the chimera corpse, however, he bounced off.
Regis let out a pained grunt from the impact before turning to me. “Happy?”
“Not particularly,” I replied, not even bothering to look at him as I continued studying the flow of aether around the chimera corpse.
Not able to find anything particularly insightful, I moved on to the next step—hoping I’d learn more.
Closing my eyes, I sensed the aether flowing in my body just like I had when I was first trying to form my mana core.
The entirety of my mental faculties was focused on observing how aether moved within me—how they interacted with my muscles, bones, organs, and how it dissipated from the surface of my skin constantly.
Next, I focused on the shattered pieces of my mana core. I couldn’t gather or produce mana and Sylvia’s dragon will was no longer there. That meant that I had no way of using Static Void or Realmheart Physique, but the fragmented shell of my mana core was still here inside me.
Worse yet, the aether was slowly dissolving the broken pieces of my mana core—seeing them as imperfections in my body that needed to be discarded since it served no purpose.
Thinking that all of the painstaking years of work refining and strengthening my mana core would soon disappear, sent a sharp pain through my chest, and it took all I could to pry myself out of that pithole.
That’s when it struck me. The aether saw the broken shards of my mana core as an injury... however, because it didn’t serve a function anymore, it was trying to remove it from my body.
But what if it thought that it did?
My eyes shot open, surprising Regis who had been observing me.
Scrambling up to my feet, I looked at the various sections of its body where multiple corpses had conjoined together to form the fused chimera, studying the creature once more from a different angle.
The act of fusing the chimera bodies together was neither regenerating or healing—but the fact that the aether determined that this course of action was the best choice told me something.
With my plan slowly solidifying, I went back to meditating with a slight grin on my face. Unsurprisingly, just like how the chimeras couldn’t actively control the aether that powered their bodies, I was unable to actively manipulate it as well.
I tested a few theories. I would purposely injure myself to study how the aether would behave and interact within my body depending on the injury while paying close attention to my thoughts. My actions would be considered insane to any passing set of eyes but I didn’t care.
I had learned something pivotal through my battles against the chimeras, namely, when I launched the final attack against the fused chimera despite the stub of my arm bleeding profusely.

It took a few dozen times of injuring myself to actually confirm my hypothesis, but what I realized was that intent influenced the movement of the aetheric essence within me.
This was nowhere near the point of manipulation like I had done with mana, but if I thought that regenerating a certain part of my body took precedence over another part, the aether took heed of that advice.
I wasn’t able to forcefully manipulate aether like I had been able to with mana. But the very fact that aether could be influenced to do something as crazy as fusing multiple bodies together meant that the chimera’s intent had tricked it.

What if I can somehow trick the aetheric essence to fuse together my shattered remains of mana core instead of getting rid of it and have it build a new core over my broken one?
But the aetheric essence were too dispersed within my body. At this rate it would just slowly eat away at the broken remains of my mana core rather than try fusing them together.
But still, it could work...no, it had to work.
Almost as soon as my thoughts solidified into an actual idea, I already knew what I had to do...
I just didn’t like the answer.
The only reason this plan had even a chance of working was because I could do something that not even dragons of the Indrath Clan could do.
Letting out a deep breath, I reached in my vest and pulled out the small iridescent stone.
I’ll definitely live and bring you back out here, Sylv. Just hold on.
Resolving myself, I got to work immediately, consuming the aetheric essence from the fused chimera corpse at a rapid pace.
Even after my body had become overloaded with aetheric essence and a purple aura began exuding from my skin, I absorbed more of the aetheric essence, making sure I was consuming at a pace much faster than the aether would deplete from my body.
“I don’t think stress eating is the way to handle this, Milady,” Regis snickered.
Ignoring Regis, I continued despite a jarring pain growing within my body. It felt like every muscle, bone, organ in my body were being pumped with fluid to the point of bursting.
But this wasn’t enough. I needed as much aetheric essence as possible if this was going to work.
“S-Seriously, Arthur. You’re...sort of bleeding from your body.”
Just a bit more.
Unable to withstand the growing pain any longer, I pried myself away from the chimera corpse and sat down.
Regis was right; it looked like I was sweating blood, beads of red trailing down my body. My vision spun and pulsated while I could feel my heart beating madly against my chest.
Controlling my breathing in order to keep myself from passing out, I grabbed a bone arrow on the ground in front of me and held it directly below my ribcage. “Regis. Position yourself right where my mana core used to be on my mark and leave as soon as I tell you, okay?”

Regis stared down at the sharp arrow in my hands. “What are you planning on doing with that?”
“Okay?” I repeated through gritted teeth, barely able to breathe.
Regis let out a groan. “Okay.”
With that, I plunged the arrow deep into my sternum in the small space just between my liver and stomach where the mana core was held. And just for good measure, I twisted the arrow.
“What the f—”
“Now!” I snapped, keeping my eyes closed in concentration.
Pulling the arrow out of my body, I clasped my hands over my wound as Regis flew inside me.
Immediately, like millions of tiny insects crawling inside every inch of my body, I felt all of the aether held inside me coalescing to where Regis and my fatal wound were.
Just as the aether was about to reach the area where Regis stayed, attracted two-fold by the black will-o-wisp and my fatal injury, I barked at him to leave.
A black shadow zipped out of me almost instantaneously and the aether that had gathered within the vicinity all condensed together to heal my injury.
Every ounce of my brain focused on maintaining this meditative state, forming a core around the coalescing aether where my old mana core used to be.
Some of the aether had leaked to close the hole below my chest, but with the worst of the injury right where my old mana core used to be, I was able to attract most of it.
So under the premises that: unlike even dragons, I was able to absorb aether directly into my body; I had Regis, who interacted in a way where he naturally attracted the aether within me; the remains of my mana core still existed inside me; and I could influence the aether a bit to a certain extent, I proceeded to the most important step.
***
The concept of time eluded me as the battle between my wits and the aether gathered around the fragmented parts of my mana core ensued.
I needed to not only trick the aether raging in the center of my body to restore the mana core rather than to break it down, but I also needed it to rebuild my broken mana core around the compressed orb of aether that had been tricked into gathering at this focal point.
If forming my mana core for the first time when I was a toddler had been difficult, this was next to impossible. Every slight twitch of internal movement or leak of intent could cause the condensed orb of aetheric essence to break down my mana core until it was completely wiped away from my body. I didn’t have a second chance.
It felt like every experience, every tribulation that I had gone through was for this moment. I was being tested to my utmost limit, concentrating through the sheer agony of the injury I had self-inflicted and the raging ball of godly power that I was trying to trick to bend to my will.
Finally, as the last bits of my old mana core had become restored, encasing the condensed gathering of aether within, my world erupted into a sea of purple.
By the time I came to, my head felt like it had been split in two, and my breathing was ragged. Prying my eyelids open, I was greeted with the sight of a smirking Regis in front of the familiar backdrop of the battle-scarred walls of the chimera hallway.
“Welcome back, Sleeping Beauty,” Regis chuckled.
I pushed myself off my back, sitting up. “What happened?”
“Well, after you committed seppuku and sat completely still for about a full day, your body suddenly combusted into purple flames and then you passed out for another two days,” the black ball of flame explained before shooting me another grin. “But you did it, you sick sadistic bastard!”
That’s right, my core!
Taking a moment, I concentrated internally, getting a feel for the state of my body.
Regis was right, I had done it...I had successfully forged a new core. The color struck me as odd—it was closer to a red color, like magenta—but it still held the ethereal purple sheen of aether.
I had done what even the asuras of the Indrath Clan couldn’t do.
I had forged an aether core.





Chapter 257
Chapter 257: Forbidden Fruit
The purplish-red core thrummed with life inside me, wishing to be unleashed.
I could feel the grin plastered on my face, impatient to test out my new powers...whatever they were.
Despite the urge to let loose, I had one thing to test out first—perhaps the most important thing.
Taking a deep breath, I meditated. Focusing on my newly forged core and the ambient aether surrounding us, I slowed my breath.
Force of habit made me assume that the breathing technique that I had utilized to gather ambient mana could be applied to absorbing aether. That wasn’t the case, however, concentrating on my aether core in a way that almost felt like I was flexing it caused a change to stir outside my body.
Almost immediately, the effects were made clear.
“What? What is it?” Regis asked impatiently.
I opened my eyes, looking at the horned will-o-wisp with a smirk. “I can gather ambient aether into my body and core now.”
Regis’ nonexistent jaw dropped, his white eyes widening. “Seriously?”
“Consuming the aether from these chimeras directly is definitely faster and more potent, but at least now I’m not dependent on running into beasts fueled by aether. Even if the monsters here are filled with them, who knows if I’d be able to find one outside of this dungeon,” I explained.
Regis nodded. “That’s good. Now I don’t need to worry about you dropping dead because you couldn’t get a meal.”
“Aww, are you worrying about your master?” I teased.
“Master shmaster, my life is tethered to your pasty ass,” the black orb of fire scoffed.
I rolled my eyes. “If I knew that my weapon would turn out like this, I would’ve taken my chances in getting to white core by myself.”
“I love you too, my effeminate little wonderboy. Now, keep testing! We need to know exactly what your limits are before we go on to that next stage.”
Concentrating on my core once more, I released a bit of aether and focused it on my hand. However, as soon as the aether left my core, it spread throughout my body.
Furrowing my brows, I tried again, visualizing the aether flowing through my...mana channels.
“Crap,” I muttered, realizing the problem. Out of desperation, I tried once more, only to be met with the same result. The short concentrated burst of aether that I had expelled from my newly forged core, was once again distributed evenly throughout my body. “Damn it!”
“What happened? Is something wrong?”
“I can’t control the distribution of the aether from my core,” I said, trying once more to no avail. I could definitely feel the aether strengthening my body but the amount left by the time it reached the hand that I actually wanted was just a small fraction.
Regis frowned in confusion. “Huh? But what about your mana chan—ohh...I see the problem.”
I let out a sigh. “Even when I finally think things are working our way, there’s an even bigger mountain to climb.”
Regis shrugged, flying toward the unlocked exit. “Nothing we can do but move forward.”
“Wait. Let’s go back to the sanctuary.”

“You’ve got to be kidding me.”
“If I’m not able to control the aether inside me, then I need to at least strengthen my core and even if it gets harder here, we at least know what to expect on this floor,” I explained.
“Ugh...” Regis groaned as he wobbled his way toward me. “There better be some sexy vixen demons or something on the next floor. Looking at these skinless monsters is taking its toll on my little black heart.”
Chuckling, we opened the door back into the sanctuary. I made some minor preparations while we were here. Ripping my pants from my knees down, I fixed up a sash to safely store Sylvie’s stone and wore it across my shoulder. Then, I made a crude waterskin out of what was left of my leather vest. After making sure water didn’t leak from it, we went back into the hallway.
***
“Why aren’t they waking up?” Regis said as we reached the center once more.
The long hallway had been put back into its pristine state when we had left the sanctuary, but no matter how many times I walked back and forth in the hallway, the statues wouldn’t budge.
Regis flew up to the statue of the warrior wielding a sword. “Are they broken?”
“Maybe?” I walked up to one of them and pulled back my fist.
Not daring to use more than a tenth of the aether in my core, I struck the statue of the shotgun wielding statue, sending splintering cracks throughout its leg.
Not bad, I thought. Ounce for ounce—or whatever unit of measurement was used—aether was much more potent and efficient than mana. Still, I wasn’t satisfied.
“Hey, Regis. Occupy my hand again,” I ordered, holding out my right palm. “I want to test something.”
“Okay, but we should really make a name for this.”
“Why?”
“Well it’s better than having you shout out, ‘Regis, enter my hand!’,” Regis stated. “It can come off as a little sexual to others, don’t you think?”
Infusing my body with aether once again, I slapped the black will-o-wisp. This time, rather than go through him, my hand struck his dopey face, sending him flat on the ground.
“Ouch! What the hell? You can hit me now?” Regis fumed.
“Seems like it, and boy did that feel good,” I smirked. “Now, hand.”
Muttering a string of curses, Regis flew into my palm, coating my entire hand in a layer of smokey black tinge.
Immediately, I felt the aether that I had released beforehand gravitate toward Regis. After the rest of the aether in my body had coalesced in my right fist, I punched a different statue.
However, there was no expulsion of aether like before when I had used this same move against the fused chimera.
‘I don’t have enough aether to release it as an attack,’ Regis explained.
I gritted my teeth. “Fine. Tell me when.”
I released more aether from my core and it was immediately pulled toward my right fist. After about half of the aether stored inside my core had been consumed, the smokey black glove surrounding my hand began glowing with the same reddish purple color as my core.
‘Now!’ Regis barked, his voice suppressed in concentration.
I thrust my fist into the statue in front of me, releasing a torrent of black and magenta from my hand.

The very air seemed to distort as the concussive force decimated the large statue and the wall behind it.
Regis fell out of my hand, dazed. “I can probably use that move like one more time.”

“Same here,” I replied. “That used a bit less than half of the aether in my core.”
“Well, it definitely seems to do the trick,” my companion noted, studying the aftermath of our attack.
“Mhmm,” I agreed. Without the chimeras coming, it made little sense to remain here for much longer, so after spending the next half hour replenishing my aether core, we walked toward the door that’d lead us to the next floor.
“Let’s go.” I pushed open the tall metal door and stepped through.
Immediately, I was welcomed by a hot gust of humid air that clung to my skin. However, my mild dissatisfaction toward the warm sticky air was overcome by the scene ahead of me.
“Holy mother of mothers...” Regis mumbled as he surveyed our surroundings.
We had stepped into what could only be described as a jungle except for a few notable differences. The first difference was in the plethora of white trees around us with leaves glowing in various shades of purple. The second was that there weren’t just trees growing out from the ground but also on the ceiling of this enormous cavern.
My attention was pulled away by the sight of the door we had come from fading out of existence. Shocked, I hurriedly reached for the metal handle but it was too late—my hand slipped through and I was left grasping at the air.
I let out a sigh. “Well, it doesn’t seem like we can go back the way we came from. Come on, it’s a bit too open out here for my comfort.”
The two of us ventured deeper into the ethereal jungle, noticing more and more differences in this strange environment. We found thick pale vines that connected the trees on the ground to the trees growing on the ceiling. In the air were hundreds of blue globules, some floating up, others floating down.
My senses were on full alert as we continued walking carefully through the dense array of otherworldly trees. From time to time, I’d see shadows flit from tree to tree at a speed that exceeded some S-class mana beasts in Dicathen.
Despite how calm and quiet things were in this forest, though, I couldn’t help but feel restless.
Regis, on the other hand, was enjoying the scenery as he flew up over the canopy of trees that blocked much of my view.
“I can’t see much except for these two-tailed monkey creatures climbing up and down the vines,” Regis noted before his eyes lit up. “Oh! And you know those floating blue orbs? I think it’s water. I saw a few of them hanging from the vines and drinking from those.”
I nodded, my eyes constantly on the lookout for anything potentially dangerous.
“Will you ease up? No sexy vixen demons yet but compared to the last floor, this place practically seems like paradise,” Regis insisted.
“The only reason why you can relax is because you’re incorporeal,” I retorted, continuing to walk carefully with aether coursing within my body just in case.
Unlike the straightforward hallway we had come from, this jungle didn’t seem like it had any sort of predatory monsters of any kind that we had to beat in order to move on.
“Over there! It was a different color and a little smaller but I saw some of those monkeys eating that,” Regis pointed out, gesturing toward a pear-shaped fruit hanging from a branch above us.
I shot my companion a skeptical look.
“Hey, I’m not the one that has to eat,” Regis groused, offended by my lack of trust.
My initial reaction was to avoid the risk. After all, who knows how different the anatomy of the creatures in this floor was compared to me. However, the more I stared at it, the more my stomach reminded me that I hadn’t eaten since waking up in this god-forsaken dungeon. What’s more was that this orange fruit was covered in a sheen of purple indicating that it contained aether within it.
With my newly-forged aether core revitalizing this body, I knew that I didn’t need to eat nearly as much as before. But eventually, I would have to, and the temptation staring right in my face got the best of me.

I easily jumped up to the first branch, and continued to ascend. To my surprise, the branches didn’t even bend under my weight, making it easy to reach the glistening orange fruit.
Just as I was about to reach for the fruit, something caught my eye. There was a subtle distortion in the surrounding area that made me immediately pull my hand back.
And that’s when I saw it—a giant mouth rimmed with rows of serrated teeth clamping shut around the fruit...and where my hand would’ve been had I not pulled back. The strange thing, however, was that I could still see the fruit inside the monster’s mouth.
I leaped back to a farther branch, bracing myself for its next attack. However, the monster merely parted its giant lips once more and everything but the giant fruit it used as a lure turned transparent.
“Oops. My bad,” Regis let out an uncomfortable chuckle.
“From now on, you’re checking everything first,” I quipped.
My annoyance, however, was clouded by my greed for that fruit. After being near it and feeling my aether core quiver in excitement, I knew that the orange fruit wasn’t just some lure the monster used.
“Wait, why are you going back?” Regis asked, seeing me hop back toward the branch that the fruit hung from.
I slowly reached back for the fruit once more. “I’m going to try and get that fruit.”
Right as the monster’s mouth shut, I whipped my hand away just barely enough to avoid it.
It shut faster this time, I noted.
With its mouth now clamped shut, I struck at its transparent body, hoping to at least knock it unconscious. However, rather than hit it, my hand slipped right through. Losing my balance, I fell off. I managed to grab a branch beneath the fruit monster, but by the time I reached up, it had opened its mouth once more.
“Nice one,” Regis remarked. “You’re making the same face you did when you first tried to hit me.”
My eyes widened in realization. “You’re right.”
Climbing back up to where the beast was, I tried once more. The serrated teeth left several gashes on my arm because I hadn’t been able to pull back fast enough, but this time as I struck at the transparent beast, I released more aether from my core, enough for a purplish-red sheen to envelop my body.
I felt a slight give, as if my hand was passing through a layer of some viscous liquid, but beneath that was its actual body.
The beast’s transparent body shuddered like rippling water. It suddenly let out a shrill scream that made me lose balance for a second.
Luckily I managed to hold on to the tree, but Regis had been knocked unconscious.
I struck it once more, and its rather soft body went limp.
Prying open its mouth, I reached inside and pulled out the fruit that was suspended in the air.
“What a weird creature,” I mused, staring once more at the deadly fly trap beast.
Landing back down, I checked up on Regis, who was stirring back awake.
“What happened?” the black orb asked, his voice shaky.
I held the orange pear the size of a hand out at Regis with a smile. “I got it.”
Regis studied the fruit. “I wonder if it’s edible.”
“There’s only one way to find out.” I sniffed the fruit before barely nibbling on the outer edge of it just in case it was poisonous. This body was much more resilient, which was why I even dared to do something like this, but even then I was still cautious.
As I chewed, a sour flavor filled my mouth. It wasn’t bad—it just tasted like a more flavorful lemon peel. However, as soon as I swallowed, I felt the change in my body.
I buckled in pain as my insides twisted.
Unable to keep my body from quivering, I lay huddled on the ground as my aether core slowly absorbed the piece of fruit.
“Arthur!” Regis called out, his voice distant and muffled, but my attention was focused behind him past the treeline.
Deep, rapid thuds of what could only be footsteps grew louder as the ethereal trees—whose branches remained unfaltered beneath my weight—swayed fiercely in a path leading straight toward us.





Chapter 258
Chapter 258: Law of the Wild
“There’s something coming,” I grunted, barely able to get back to my feet.
Regis turned around and I could literally see his smokey black body pale. “Oh, shit.”
My heart pounded as the rapid footfalls of the beasts grew louder. I hobbled as fast as my body would let me under the current strain of the fruit I had just consumed. There was no way I could I fight whatever horde was barreling toward us in the current state I was in.
Heaven-sent, we managed to find a dip in the ground just by large tree nearby. The exposed roots gnarled together, weaving in and out of the ground to provide us with a tight shelter to hide in.
My heart pounded as I listened to what sounded like a stampede searching every square inch of the area we had narrowly escaped from.
My mind whirled trying to think of the reason why we had suddenly attracted the attention of all of them. Was it because I had eaten the fruit? No, that wasn’t it.
That transparent fly trap... it let out that horrible scream just before it died.
And that’s when everything clicked.
The two-tailed monkeys, the trap monster and everything else on this floor made almost no noise. All of the organisms here had adapted to make as little noise as possible... most likely in order to survive against whatever those beasts were.
“Sensitive to sound,” I mouthed, pointing to my ear. Regis nodded back and the two of us waited for this beast to hopefully move on.
By now, the very ground shook under the constant footfalls of the horde of beasts. That’s how close they were. I could hear a loud chitter as the beasts continued to search for the source of the scream that had lured it.
With how close the horde of beasts were, I could feel the pressure they emitted and suffice to say, it was on a whole other level from the chimeras Regis and I had faced.
Steadying my breathing, I remained frozen as the grating sound of rusted gears clacking together grew closer. Even Regis remained inside me, afraid of being seen despite his incorporeal state.
Suddenly, the hairs on the back of my neck sensed something was coming that I wouldn’t like. The rapid chittering grew even louder until, moments later, I was able to see it.
It wasn’t a horde of beasts. It was just one very long, large beast.
The chimeras had been fairly horrifying to look at, but this creature was something straight out of a demon’s nightmare.
With the overall frame of a millipede—except the size and girth of a bullet train—the creature writhed past me using its countless spindly legs spanning twice my height. I was able to make out the serrated pincers on its head as it passed by but most of the smaller details were lost on me. I was focused on the fact that this millipede was almost transparent.
Tinged in a soft purple hue that blended with the glowing leaves, the giant millipede looked more gelatinous than solid... like it was missing its hard shell or something. However, seeing how not even the sharp branches of the ethereal trees made a scratch against the creature’s exterior, I knew it wouldn’t be easy to kill.
The millipede continued to crawl around us, searching for its prey. Despite its tremendous size and length, it moved with such deft and flexibility that even as it moved on to a different area, there was no trace that a giant beast had passed through.

Still, I could hear the giant millipede nearby. Its steps continued to shake the ground, keeping me from trying to leave from my cramped refuge.
Time dragged as we anxiously waited for the millipede to leave when suddenly I could hear a change in\ its actions. The beast’s rapid steps began to slow until all I could hear was a rhythmic thump.
‘What’s going on now?’ Regis asked.
I’m not sure, I responded, sorely tempted to take a peek.
It didn’t take long to figure out that I wouldn’t have been alive if I had moved. Not long after the millipede began rhythmically stomping its countless legs on the ground, I could hear pained cries.
I could only assume that the beast had used some form of echolocation to find anything nearby that had moved.
With the rhythmic stomping halted, I steeled myself enough to find out what was going on despite the burning sensation of my core continuing to absorb the aether from the fruit.
“It’s eating,” Regis whispered, looking over my shoulder.
The millipede had curled itself around a massive tree, which was apparently home to a family of two-tailed monkeys.
What was a feast for the millipede was a tragic bloodbath for the monkeys. I could see a larger monkey drenched in its own blood as it was being swallowed while a smaller monkey pounded desperately on the millipede’s head.
Unfazed by a sight that I had grown much too accustomed to, I studied the millipede. The giant beast had circular depressions all over its back that pulsated, but aside from the dagger-like pincers and its sharp legs, I couldn’t see any other form of attack.
“Please tell me you’re not thinking of fighting that thing,” Regis whispered an inch away from my ear.
“Not if I don’t have to.”
Despite there being over a dozen monkeys all tinged with aether, they stood no chance against the millipede. It didn’t take long for over half of them to be consumed while the other half had given up and escaped for their lives.
As the millipede eventually uncurled itself from the giant tree and began slithering away, I couldn’t help noticing the monkeys inside the beast’s body.
During the battle, the monkeys had grabbed stones from the ground to use as weapons. These had also gotten consumed along with the monkeys.
While the two-tailed beasts bodies were withering—as if their aether was being sucked out of their bodies, a slight glow began enveloping the rock that the millipede had consumed along with it.
After traveling a few hours in the opposite direction of where the millipede had gone upon finishing its meal, I was finally able to spend some time absorbing the rest of the fruit.
While the first bite had been an agonizing experience that could’ve gotten me killed by the millipede, the subsequent bites made it seem like it was all worth it.
I started off with small nibbles, afraid that I’d be met with another wave of pain. Instead, I was met with an overwhelming sensation of heat spreading throughout my body and coalescing back in my core. No longer afraid, I took larger bites as my core hungrily devoured the aetheric essence from the fruit.
What was even more fascinating was that after polishing off the fruit, the aether in my body had lost some of its reddish tint—and that was before my body had completely absorbed all of the aetheric essence.
I didn’t know exactly what the change in color meant but I knew I had gotten stronger.

Time went by neither fast nor slow on this floor. With little need to sleep as frequently and no sun overhead, my internal clock had become all but useless.
As we continued searching for the exit, my mind continued to think back to our encounter with the translucent millipede. More specifically, how the beast’s insides had completely absorbed the aether from the monkeys it had devoured but how a coat of aether seemed to be forming around the stone.

“—thur!” Regis snapped, his voice just inches from my ear.
“What?” I hissed, surprised.
“I was saying...” Regis stressed, his large white eyes narrowing. “That we need to think of a battle phrase for our combo attack!”
I raised a brow. “Our...combo attack?”
“Yeah! You know, when I go inside your hand and make your fist turn all smokey black and purple. In the heat of a battle, you’re going to need something more concise to say.”
My initial reaction was to dismiss his silly idea, but there was some merit to what my floating black companion was suggesting.
“Fine,” I sighed, relenting. “What did you have in mind?”
Regis’s eyes widened in surprise. “Seriously? I thought you were going to be a grouch about it.”
Shooting him glare, I enveloped my body in aether as I raised a hand to smack him.
“Okay okay!” Regis flinched.
“How about Aether Explosion Punch!” he suggested, out of arm’s reach from me.
“No,” I said flatly while my eyes continued to search for any signs of an exit.
“Aetheric Void Buster?”
“No.”
“Shadow Death Imp— “
“No,” I cut him off. “Where are you even coming up with these ridiculous names?”
“Your early memories as Grey playing those arcade games come to mind,” Regis responded simply. “Ooh! How about—”
“No.”

“Fine fine fine. I’ll be serious. What about something simple, like Fist Style or...Fist Form?”
I thought about it for a minute before I suggested something. “What about Gauntlet Form?”
“Yes!” Regis exclaimed, trembling with excitement. “That’s what I’m talking about!”
“Too loud!” I snapped, my head turning back.
“Relax. I saw that gigantic bug go back to its hole near the center of this floor. We’re hours away from it.”
“You saw its den?” I asked, shocked.
“Yeah, while you were absorbing the fruit. It wasn’t that hard to find with how much aetheric essence that place was giving off,” Regis explained before his eyes narrowed in suspicion. “Why? You’re not thinking of trying to fight that thing, right?”
“Let’s just search for the exit,” I dismissed. Meanwhile, the gears in my brain continued turn.
Subjective hours passed uneventfully as we combed through the ethereal forest. A few more times, we ran into a flytrap beast with its fruit tempting me every time we passed by them.
Thankfully, none of the other fruits seemed nearly as potent as the first one I had consumed.
We rested intermittently, mainly so that I could sit down and concentrate on my aether core. I was wracking my brain trying to think of how to form new channels throughout my body so that I could more freely control the aether inside me.
After hours of deliberation and testing with nothing to show for it, I pulled out the translucent stone which held Sylvie. It had become a habit for me to stare mindlessly at it whenever things got tough or I was feeling overwhelmed.
Since a few days ago, I had Regis go inside of it every now and then to see if there were any developments going within the stone—if Sylvie was getting better at all—but nothing had changed.
But this time was different. Whether it was because my core had gotten stronger after consuming the fruit, I didn’t know. But as I continued holding onto the stone, I could feel something pulling at my hands that were wrapped around on the smooth surface of the stone.
Will you accept the aether this time, Sylv? I thought as I pushed the aether from my core.
It only took a few minutes until my entire aether core had been drained, leaving me weak and shivering.
“H-Hey! What happened?” Regis, who had been inspecting the perimeter, flew to my side.
I held up my hand. “I...I’m fine.”
“I’m more than fine.” A smile formed on my face as I stared down at the translucent stone that seemed just a tad brighter than before. “Thanks to Sylv, I think I found a way to maybe control the aether inside me.”
“That’s great! But I got some good news too,” Regis said with a smile. “I think I found the exit from this floor!”
I tucked the small stone back in my vest. “No. We can’t leave yet.”
“What? Why?” Regis panicked. “Are you hurt?”
“Nothing like that.”
My thoughts went back to the millipede and the way it created a shell of aether around everything that it couldn’t digest. According to Regis, there was also a huge influx of aether stemming from its den.
If my thoughts were correct, then even at the risk of my life...
No. I had already decided that I needed to risk my life in order to overcome all of the challenges that I would face when I got out of here.
I turned to Regis and spoke with iron in my voice. “We’re going to kill that millipede.”





Chapter 259
Chapter 259: Mother Lode
When Sylvie’s stone had absorbed the aether from me, it had taken every last drop from my core. However, only a fraction of that aether had been absorbed, spiralling down a designated path inside. The rest seemed to be almost filtered out while the remainder that was able to reach Sylvie, who was comatose within, was too little to amount to anything.
That’s when I realized that Sylvie’s stone wasn’t so much a battery that I needed to slowly charge like I had first assumed. No, it was more like a strainer that I needed to fill with aether faster than it could spill back out.
The fact that Sylvie’s stone wasn’t able to ‘receive’ most of the aether I had tried to give it even after I had consumed the fruit meant that my aether core was flawed. Not ‘flawed’ per se, but just like how mana cores started out with natural impurities from the body that limited the output and storage of mana, my aether core was experiencing a similar phenomenon.
I knew now that the aether core that I had forged was currently filled with impurities. This was hindering the capacity that could be stored within and keeping me from utilizing the full capabilities of aether. Great.
If I wanted to be able to make aether flow the way it did inside Sylvie’s stone, I needed the aether in my core to become much purer. And If I wanted to bring Sylvie back, I needed to be able to unleash that purer aether in a much larger volume than I currently was able to contain—all in one sitting.
Which brought me to the reason why I was currently standing here now, a few feet away from the giant millipede’s den, clad in nothing but a flimsy leather vest and shredded cloth pants.
“It’s not too late to back out,” Regis whispered into my ear.
I knew what it meant if I couldn’t kill it. Nonetheless, it was a sobering reminder that made me reconfirm my priorities. Getting out of here wasn’t actually my top priority—afterall, even if I was able to make it out right at this moment, I was actually weaker than I had been when I fought against Nico and the scythe, Cadell.
My priority was getting stronger, which—thankfully—aligned with getting back Sylvie as well. And killing this millipede would be a big step forward in working toward that.
Meeting Regis’ gaze, I replied to him. “Let’s go inside.”
***
As we traversed deeper inside the giant hole the width of the millipede that spiraled down into the ground, it got strangely brighter. There was a faint purple sheen that clung to the ground, walls and ceiling of the winding tunnel.
Regis scouted ahead, flying back to me every several yards to relay if there were any upcoming changes.
As I was taking a sip from my water sack, I saw the black will-o-wisp coming back out of the corner of my eyes. I picked up my pace, treading lightly on the ground, hoping to hear some different news other than ‘more rocks’ from Regis.
‘Arthur. There’s something up ahead,’ Regis stated quietly after flying into my chest.
If you make the ‘rocks’ joke one more time, I am going to hit you, I replied with suspicion.
‘Just go,’ my companion sighed before floating back out to lead the way.
The tunnel split into two paths but Regis quickly directed me to the slightly wider one on the left side. Not only was it wider in diameter, but also brighter. It only took a few minutes of quiet treading for us to reach what Regis wanted me to see.
Strewn all over the ground were clusters of crystals...aether crystals.
My brows furrowed in confusion at the sight of the glowing purple crystals, littered in front of us like trash. Quickly—and quietly—I picked up a fist-sized crystal and consumed the essence from it until the purple glow subsided.
These aren’t as potent as the fruit I had earlier, but these are still fairly concentrated, I noted mentally as Regis surveyed up ahead.
After consuming one more fist-sized crystal to top my aether capacity to the brim, I stored a couple smaller crystals in my pockets before moving forward. I would come back for these after my fight was over.
As we continued deeper into the millipede’s territory, the tunnel gradually became brighter until a brilliant purple light shone at the very end.
Regis and I exchanged a tense glance before walking forward. My heart pounded against my chest while my palms grew clammy at the thought of fighting against the giant beast. Being this close to the aether beast in its own home, my body could sense the pressure exuding from the giant millipede.
Taking deep, calming breaths and steadying my gait, I walked forward, ready to face my toughest opponent yet.
Let’s do this.
I stepped into the blinding purple light, my body tense and alert for any sudden movements, but when the glare subsided I saw that the tunnel opened into a massive cavern with a domed ceiling. The entire expanse was bathed in a sea of purple emanating from the mountains of glimmering crystals piled upon one another.

But despite the scores of aether crystals—some larger than my entire body—my attention was forced onto the giant millipede.
Instinctually, I stepped back and raised my arms to guard against what was to come. Even Regis cowered behind my shoulder as we gazed upon the towering figure of the aether beast.
It was hunched over in a tall arch while its entire body convulsed. Then, just as I was beginning to think it was about to explode, a waterfall of aether crystals gushed out the back end of the millipede to form a small hill alongside the other mountains of crystals.
It was like a scene straight out of a fairytale. Except, instead of a giant dragon guarding its mountain of treasure, it was a millipede guarding its mountains of...excrement?
“Pfft!” Regis stifled a laugh that echoed throughout the giant cavern, drawing my attention and—to our horror—the attention of the giant millipede.
“Move!” I roared, abandoning all thoughts of stealth at the sight of the charging millipede.
I dashed right as Regis flew to the left.
“I’m sorry, Arthur, but you basically ate this bug’s crap!” Regis guffawed.
I rolled my eyes mentally. Fortunately for me, he was also drawing the attention of the millipede, which gave me time to position myself toward its flank.
Releasing aether from my core, I pushed myself off the ground with a strength that formed a crater beneath my feet.
Clearing several feet in an instant, I smashed my aether-clad fist into the millipede’s side with a resounding ‘thud’.
However, while the millipede buckled from the impact, the wave of pain that surged up my arm suggested that the damage I had given to it wasn’t much to celebrate about.
Landing deftly back on the ground, I crossed the span of the cavern in a sprint as the millipede chased after me.
Just as the millipede got close, I held up a hand straight over my head in a fist—a signal that Regis and I devised to confuse the sound-sensitive aether beast.
Immediately, Regis screamed out, “Over here, you crystal-sharding bug!”
The millipede slid to a stop and whirled around toward the source of the voice. Meanwhile, I continued to exhaust my aether, wrapping my body in a thick layer of aether in the hopes that there’d be a different outcome as I flashed forward.
My surroundings blurred as I approached the millipede that was snapping its pincers at the air, trying to catch Regis. I aimed for the joints where one of its many legs were attached to its body, and this time, there was a satisfying crunch as my fist dug into its leg.
The giant leg snapped off and fell on the ground while a gel-like fluid tinted in purple gushed out from the injury. The aether beast let out a shrill cry while turning its attention back to me.
I raised my fist once more and Regis let out another cry to get its attention. The millipede hesitated for a moment but it decided to attack Regis again, giving me some time to absorb more aether from the crystals abundantly scattered all around us.
“How does that crap taste, Arthur?” Regis teased as he zigzagged in the air away from the millipede.
I raised my hand again, sticking up a specific finger. This one wasn’t a signal.
The gears in my brain spun as I refilled my aether core with the excre—crystals lying about. With the development in my aether core, I was technically able to use Gauntlet Form three times, but Regis hadn’t been able to strengthen himself enough to withstand the burden of three uses.
This was why we decided to test the beast’s defenses without having to resort to using Gauntlet Form.
I continued to try and search for weaknesses while Regis frantically avoided the millipede’s snapping jaws. Even after I had managed to break off two more of its countless legs and struck at the open wound where the legs attached to its body, it didn’t seem to have done any sort of lasting damage.
If anything, I seemed to have made it angrier.
While my supply of aether was abundant thanks to the crystals hoarded in this cavern, my stamina was slowly diminishing.
I guess we have no choice.
Now that I knew inflicting damage to its body hardly did anything to slow it down, the only option was to aim for its head. The problem was that its head was where its serrated pincers were and it also seemed to be the area most heavily armored by its translucent purple exoskeleton.
I would need to land both attacks using Gauntlet Form in the same spot in the hopes that it’d be enough to crack through its defenses.

Stepping off of one of its legs, I landed on the millipede’s back and began running up the smooth flesh of the millipede. Leaping onto its back wasn’t a challenge, but staying on as it reeled like a drunk stallion proved to be much more difficult.
I danced and wove around the giant millipede’s contorting trunk as it used its own legs to try and skewer me atop its own back. Still, as most of its attention was still focused on trying to catch Regis, I was able to avoid the sharp legs that stabbed down from both sides.

The uneven terrain from the countless tergites that segmented the beast’s trunk along with the fact that the millipede continued to spasm and buck to try and fling me off provided me with a challenge I hadn’t faced in a while. I missed flying.
As I neared the millipede’s head, aether stretched across my body in a tight layer of purple. Holding my right arm up, I clenched and unclenched my hand into a fist. This time I was beckoning for Regis.
Catching my signal, he let out another yell to catch the millipede’s attention before narrowly avoiding the beast’s mandibles and flying into my hand.
I immediately felt the rush of aether from my body coalescing into my dominant hand, but I felt something other than just aether forcing its way into where Regis remained. The faintest whisper of a voice, almost mistakable for a passing thought, echoed in my head.
The voice said to kill.
I shrugged it off as my own thoughts. After all, I had come here to kill the beast.
Rushing forward while doing my best to maintain what little control I had over the flow of aether, I reached where its head connected to its trunk.
Gauntlet Form, I recited to Regis.
The deafening crash of thunder resounded throughout the cavern as our attack struck its target. The millipede’s head crashed down into the ground to form a crater the size of a small house.
Cracks and splinters branched out from where my fist connected while the entire top of its head had become slightly concave from the force.
Regis wobbled out of my hand, his expression strained, while I unleashed another wave of aether throughout my body. Experience spanning two lifetimes and countless battles taught me...
Confirm the kill.
My body erupted in a veil of purple as I struck down at the epicenter of the splintering crater atop the millipede’s head. Another splintering crack echoed upon impact, making the millipede’s body jerk.
Even with aether coating my hand, my right fist was a bloodied mess as I pulled it out from the millipede’s head.
My breath short and ragged, I contemplated whether to hit it one more time. The millipede remained lifeless on its belly, a crater formed underneath its head.
“Is it...dead?” Regis asked, his voice hoarse.
Just as I turned back to my companion, the surface beneath my feet was swept up from under me. With no time to react, I was flung off the giant beast, helplessly watching as the serrated mandibles of the millipede snapped shut over Regis.
My eyes widened at the sight of the floating black orb disappearing inside the millipede, and it took every last ounce of self-control to keep myself from screaming out his name.
Quickly reorienting myself, I landed on my feet and immediately swiveled on my heel—barely managing to avoid a barrage of sharp legs raining down from above.
The millipede towered over me and continued to unleash a torrent of strikes using its hundreds of legs. Each time it stabbed down, a foot-long hole was left in the ground but my concentration was split between dodging its legs and looking out for Regis.
Regis was corporeal, capable of going through most objects but I couldn’t see my companion at all. My panic deepened as a minute passed with no sign of the black will-o-wisp.
It wasn’t until another minute when I saw him. He was floating in the inside of the giant millipede.
Damn it.
I needed Regis to launch an attack strong enough to kill this giant bug. Without him, would I be able to win?
A sharp pain erupted as one of the millipede’s sharp legs left a long gash on my arm. This sobered me enough to collect myself.
Even without my arsenal of elemental magic, I had not only trained with the sword extensively in my previous life, but I had trained in combat with Asuras.

I forced myself to remember my battles against Kordri—the oppressive aura that he emanated so casually, the movements that seemed both slow and fast.
Asuras. They were my opponents.
If I needed to rely on Regis for every strong opponent I faced down here, otherwise I wouldn’t even be able to beat the scythes, let alone the asuras behind them.
Letting out a sharp breath, I thought back to Kordri’s words. As he said, hand-to-hand combat was the most versatile and adaptive form of fighting. Except, his duty at that time was to maximize the potential of my human body.
I wasn’t so human anymore.
My legs blurred as I continuously danced around the piercing strikes of the millipede’s legs, my focus heightened to a terrifying degree.
I had to accept that I wasn’t human anymore, and with that came a strength that pushed me to my utmost limit.
The more I continued dodging, the more unnecessary movements I began to shave off. My body began remembering the Asura’s teachings I had cast aside over the years—relying on magic instead.
The battle was long and drawn out. I continued to hack away at its legs until I had finally debilitated its movement.
Since, without being able to control the flow of aether, I couldn’t do enough damage with my bare hands to land a killing blow to the millipede, I decided to use the same method I had used against the chimeras.
Let’s hope this works.
Because the millipede’s legs were too large for me to actually hold as a weapon, I had to break off the sharp tip of its leg for me to be able to use it.
The millipede let out a shrill wail as it clamored toward me with its remaining legs.
Wielding the translucent purple leg like a lance, I tested out my new weapon. The conductivity of it wasn’t as strong as the chimera’s weapons but it would be sufficient. It had to be.
Dodging the serrated mandibles that the millipede struck me with, I looked for an opening.
I had to land a clean hit on the wound at the back of its head where I had struck with Gauntlet Form, but it wasn’t easy as it flailed its head like a deranged bull.
Twice had I missed my target, scraping the exterior shell of its head as it dodged just as I was about to attack. Without the help of Regis drawing its attention, it was attentive to my location, rhythmically thumping its legs on the ground to find my location.
How do I get it to stop? I pondered, running circles around it as I absorbed the aether from the crystals lying about.
My mind spun until the memory of when the chimera had first fused together popped into my head. It was able to release this concussive aura that knocked us back that was almost able to knock me unconscious.
It was uncertain if I would be able to replicate its effects but I was running out of time and my options were limited.
Gauging the amount of aether I had left in my core, I figured I could spend about seventy percent on trying to stun it and the rest on landing the attack.
Steeling myself, I yelled out. “Over here!”
Noticing that I had stopped running, the millipede furiously made its way towards me, scrambling through the piles of aether crystals within the huge cavern.
“Please, let this work,” I mumbled as I began releasing the aether from my core. My aura flared purple at the sudden discharge of aether, but I didn’t stop there.
After waiting for the millipede to draw near, I allowed the aether within me to tear through that thin threshold that was my body, unleashing it in a translucent dome of tinged purple.
Immediately, my legs felt heavy from the exertion, but the effects were more than I had hoped for.
Compared to the concussive force that the fused chimera had released, my attack felt more like the manifestation of an aura—similar to Kordri’s King’s Force. Even I wasn’t completely unaffected as I felt the very air grow heavy.
The millipede stiffened from the effects of my attack and slumped down. Tightening my grip around the impromptu weapon in my hand, I rushed forward with the remaining sliver of aether left in me.
Veering right to avoid the millipede’s sluggish attempt in pincering me, I used its own mandibles as a foothold to launch myself high up into the air.
Utilizing the speed of my fall along with the force of my swing, I drove the lance deep into the epicenter of the crater on the back of the aether beast’s head. The satisfying crunch of the millipede’s exoskeleton shattering was followed by the sensation of penetrating flesh.
The giant millipede let out a pained roar, this time more guttural and raw before its body crashed onto the ground.
Taking out a crystal from my pocket and consuming a bit more aether, I struck the back end of the millipede’s leg once more, driving it deeper into the aether beast’s head.
My body felt like lead and my core ached upon depletion. But I felt good—better than I had in a long time.
“Stay down,” I huffed, collapsing on top of the giant beast.





Chapter 260
Chapter 260: Purge
“Ugh, what is this? What happened?” Regis groaned, covered in translucent ooze, as he slithered out from the backside of the millipede corpse.
I stifled a laugh. “I didn’t know millipede feces could talk.”
Regis’ expression darkened as he looked at where he came from. “Oh crap...”
“Yup, exactly!” I laughed, unable to hold it in any longer.
After the giant millipede had died and its organs began to fail, I was able to see Regis slowly being pushed out toward the beast’s backside. Rather than trying to break its outer shell and pry Regis out from within, I let nature run its course.
“Anyway, welcome back,” I greeted with a smile, patting some of the ooze off of my companion. “How do you feel?”
Regis lowered his gaze. For a split second, I was worried he might pass out but he looked back at me with his mouth curled up into a grin. “...Like crap.”
Despite how exhausted and miserable we both were, everything seemed a little better as we laughed at our own childish jokes.
And with the giant millipede dead, it felt like I had reached another new milestone in growth.
After a short break, the two of us began reaping the rewards of our latest victory. Rather than the hills of aether crystals inside the cavern, I focused my attention on the millipede.
It took less than a glance to realize that the aether beast corpse was the highest and most potent source of aether in this entire cavern. Climbing on top of the giant millipede, I got to work consuming the aether from its body.
As my aether core developed, so did the rate of absorption. Still, with how massive the size of the beast was, it took several sittings.
While the process of absorbing aether was fairly straightforward with my newly-forged core, the next steps had taken more than a third of the aetheric essence from the millipede in order to test out.
But with how much material I had to work with, I was able to experiment and tweak the process—enhancing its efficiency and building my body towards eventually being able to do something even asuras of the Indrath Clan can’t do: manipulate aether.
Since there wasn’t exactly a manual for what I was doing, I broke down the process into three stages and named them absorption, tempering, and lastly, the purging stage.
After absorbing aether, I found that filling my core to the point where it was nearly overflowing—and very painful—forced the aether inside me to more quickly condense and refine itself.
The purging stage, however, was the most important and required my utmost concentration. All at once, I needed to expel nearly all of the aether I had crammed into my core. While the surge of aether was spreading throughout my body, I needed to trace the paths that that aether used to move and slowly guide the rest of the aether to use those same paths.
Every time I purged the aether from my core, I was slowly training the aether to travel through more efficient “passages” within my body rather than just spread aimlessly.
I focused on training the passages within my arms. I realized that, while my technique and experience was able to make up for the loss of speed, they couldn’t make up for my loss of power.
With how widely the aether was distributed within my body every time I utilized its power, I wasn’t able to create enough force to do major damage without nearly exhausting most of my aether. Not without using Gauntlet form, that is.
Hours, if not days, later, after I had gone through nearly eighty percent of the millipede’s aetheric essence, I checked up on my progress.
Holding my hands out in front of me, I released aether from my core. On my first time, I let it simply distribute evenly throughout my body while trying to still feel the aether passages strengthen inside my arm.

On the second try, I focused more aether on my arms. This time, however, I could feel around a ten percent increase in aether around my arms compared to the rest of my body.
A smile crept up on my face as I looked down at my hands, clenching and unclenching them. “H-Haha...”
“You look like you’ve just discovered fire. What are you all excited about?” Regis asked as he floated toward me.
“Can you sense something different?” I answered back, spreading my arms. I let the aether distribute evenly around my body at first.
“The aether around you became a bit less pink,” he noted, not impressed.
“Not that.” I smiled as I coalesced more aether into my arms. “This.”
Regis’ white eyes bulged. “You can control aether now?”
The faint shroud of aether around me dissipated as I relaxed. “Not completely, but it’s a big step forward.”
“Looks like eating all of that millipede dung paid off,” Regis said with a snicker.
“I was consuming the aether from the millipede’s body, not its crap,” I started. “...not yet, at least.”
“Well, I have some good news on that front,” Regis said mysteriously.
I raised a brow. “Oh? What is it?”
“Nuh uh uhh,” Regis chimed. “I’ll tell you after I’ve had my twenty percent share of aether from the giant millipede.”
“Fine. I saved about a quarter of the aetheric essence for you anyway,” I replied before I grinned. “For being eaten and expelled from the giant beast’s rectum, your master bestows upon you a five percent raise.”
“This one is unworthy!” Regis exclaimed exaggeratedly.
After finishing off the last of the millipede’s aetheric essence, reducing its corpse into a hazy gray color, Regis was able to easily withstand Gauntlet form three times without hurting himself.
I had expected more, but Regis was content with his growth—especially the growth of his horns.
“Why do you care so much about how big your horns are?” I asked.
“Why do human males care so much about how big their genitals are?” he quipped back.
I stared down then looked back up toward Regis. “Sorry I asked.”
***
Following Regis inside the massive cavern that was about the length of a city block, he led me past a particularly large hill of aether crystals. After we had reached the peak, the hill dipped to form a crater where a particularly vibrant pile of aether crystals were gathered around four large spheres all ranging in different shades of milky purple.
“Don’t tell me those are...”
“Yup,” Regis finished. “I don’t know how, but that giant millipede had her some babies.”

“But that’s not what’s important,” he continued, floating down into the crater. “Look at those crystals surrounding the eggs.”
Sliding down the side of the bowl of aether crystals that functioned as the millipede’s birthing bed, I focused my gaze on the vibrant set of crystals glowing much more brightly than all the other aether crystals in this cavern.
Squinting as I got closer, I saw what was held inside the crystals. My initial theory had been correct when I saw what was happening to the rock that the millipede had swallowed alongside those two-tailed monkeys.

Trapped within those aether crystals, which were much larger and brighter than the other crystals in this cavern, were various equipment, weapons and other items.
From the way the suits of armor and clothing were positioned within the man-sized crystals, it was evident to me that there was once living people inside each of them. Just like how I had seen the monkey being consumed and its very life sucked out of its body, these people probably had met the same fate after being swallowed whole by the millipede, leaving behind only their possessions.
It was a cruel way for anyone to die, but at this moment, I couldn’t help myself from being overcome by greed. I looked down, examining the torn strips of cloth and leather that I had been passing off as clothes, and then back up at the various armors and equipments gleaming within the crystals.
“Look at your eyes, all sparkling,” Regis teased before scanning the aether crystals himself. “Lucky for us, It seems like mama bug feasted on quite a few mages.”
“Have some respect for the dead,” I scolded.
“All of my respect disappeared since I popped out of that bug’s anus,” Regis chortled.
I was itching to get my hands on some of the equipment trapped within the aether crystals but there was something more important I needed to take care of first.
Using Gauntlet Form, Regis and I destroyed all but the last millipede egg before absorbing the aetheric essence from them.
“Why are you leaving one alive?” Regis asked.
“There’s a pretty delicate ecosystem within this floor. I don’t want to completely destroy that,” I replied, moving on to the first large crystal.
It took several hours to absorb enough aether from the crystals in order to break through them, but the thought of having something more to wear than what I had ripped and tied together kept me going.
Unfortunately, while the man-sized crystals that contained equipment numbered over a dozen, most of them weren’t usable by the time I had broken through the crystalline shell they had been stored in.
What was left, however, were masterfully crafted equipment that no doubt belonged to either powerful mages and warriors or—at the very least—rich ones.
I looked at the weapons first. Out of the ones that didn’t completely fall apart, there was a golden spear with red runes running down its shaft, an unstrung longbow, a longsword with a gem imbedded on its pommel and a crack running down the length of the blade, and a staff with a shattered gem.
Regis frowned as he hovered over the weapons strewn on the ground in front of me. “Well that’s anticlimactic.”
Remaining hopeful, I picked up the longsword first. It was perfectly balanced and felt good in my hands but when I imbued aether into the sword, the crack that ran down its blade grew bigger and began splintering.
Letting out a sigh, I struck the ground. Smaller aether crystals splashed from the impact as the sword shattered into pieces.
Next, I picked up the spear. Imbuing aether into this one had a particular effect; the runes began glowing purple.
Regis’ eyes widened. “Ooh! Do we have a winn—”
The spear exploded into pieces in my hands, hurling me several feet back and charring my leather vest.

“I guess I spoke too soon,” Regis replied.
“Damn it,” I cursed, gathering myself and walking back to the weapons that were left.
The remaining weapons didn’t fare much better: the runes on the bow indicated that it used mana to create a string and fire arrows, making it hopeless for me to use, while the staff with the shattered gem proved to be even less useful than the exploding spear—at least the spear would’ve taken someone by surprise had I used it on an enemy.
I moved on to the pile of equipment that I had taken out of the aether crystals. Unfortunately, I faced the same problem wearing the plated armor that I had with using the weapons. Because all of the higher-tiered pieces of armor were forge to better conduct mana, even using aether with those equipped quickly led to them breaking down or exploding.
What I was left with was clothing made from fine cloth or leather.
“Looking good, princess,” Regis teased as he circled around me.
My new outfit consisted of a loose white long-sleeved shirt that I tucked into a pair of bracers made from a thick blackened leather. Over it, I put on a gorget that was made from the same material as the bracers. Despite my rather lean frame, it fit well, resting snug over my shoulders and coming up to my chin.
After some testing, I realized that the shirt and the leather pieces of armor were surprisingly durable. They didn’t have any runes or indications that they were artifacts, so I didn’t need to worry about my clothes bursting from a bad reaction with aether. That’s always a good thing.
Along with a pair of pants, some soft leather shoes and a sturdy bag that was able to securely hold Sylvie’s stone and my water pouch, the last item held a bit of sentimental value to me. It was a rather elegant cloak lined with a soft white fur around its hood.
It was slash-resistant and incredibly warm, but I liked it simply because of its color. While it was white with fur on the inside, the outer cloth was a toned-down teal color. It reminded me of Dawn’s Ballad, but more than that, it reminded me of the simpler times when I first found Dawn’s Ballad in the back corner of the Helstea Auction House.
Putting on the cloak that came down just above my knees, I was greeted by a nice heft, but what surprised me was that there was something hidden inside the inner lining of the cloak.
“I thought you had gone through all of the weapons,” Regis chimed, studying the dagger in my hand.
“I thought so too,” I muttered, entranced by the small weapon for some reason.
The sleek handle of brushed silver was just long enough for me to hold it in one hand with slight grooves for each of my fingers. Attached to the end of the handle was a ring—most likely for my index finger if I chose to wield it blade down.
Gripping the handle tightly, I pulled it out of its sheath to reveal a flawless white blade with an insignia of a hexagon with three parallel streaks inside it carved near the base.
“Woah. What is that made of?” Regis asked, studying the glistening white blade.
I held it close in front of me, inspecting it as well. “It looks like some kind of... bone?”
“Are bones usually that shiny and white though? It looks almost crystalline.”
“This is my first time seeing something like this too,” I confessed, unable to take my eyes off of it.”
“Try it out. Imbue some aether into it,” Regis said impatiently.
I was afraid to—I didn’t want to damage it. But when I did, to my surprise, it was able to withstand and even conduct a small portion of the aether.
“Do you think that the person who had this knife knew how to wield aether too?” Regis asked, astonished at the sight of the faint purple aura leaking from its white blade.
“I don’t think so,” I replied. “Most likely, this dagger is just made from something that was able to wield aether—maybe from some beast found in this dungeon.”
Regis’s mouth curved up into a sinister smile. “Wicked.”
I looked back at the remaining millipede egg, searching for an ounce of guilt over killing its three siblings. I had definitely lost something while down here. A part of me was scared and wanted me to latch onto whatever remaining shred of humanity I had left, but a larger part of me knew that in order to survive here and in order to reach my goal, I couldn’t falter.
“Ready to go?” Regis asked.
“Just a minute.” Gathering my hair that had grown far past my shoulders, I tied it loosely near the base of my neck. Gripping the ponytail, I cut off my hair just past the knot, letting the locks of pale wheat hair fall to the ground.
Regis nodded in approval. “I’ll admit, that was pretty manly.”
I took a passing glance at the giant millipede that we had killed before walking forward. “Let’s go.”





Chapter 261
Chapter 261: The Bridge
“Stop screaming!” I snapped, my legs a blur as we sped through the endless meadow of glowing white wildflowers and blue grass.
“Then tell them to stop chasing us!” Regis howled, zipping through the air beside me.
Behind us were hundreds, if not thousands, of rodents, each the size of a puma, with glowing purple claws...and all of them were incredibly pissed off at us.
“I told you not to go poking around those giant holes!” I retorted.
Regis sped past me, afraid of getting scratched by those purple claws again. “How was I supposed to know that thousands of giant rats were living in them!”
Anger bubbled up. “What exactly were you expecting then? Giant snakes?”
“No, I was just thinking if we were going to find another treasure trove or some—”
“Regis, Gauntlet Form!” I cut in as I whirled around and skid to a stop.
An aura of black and purple flared from my right fist, growing larger as the army of giant rodents rapidly approached.
Using two ‘charges’, I released an explosive blast that distorted the very space it touched, killing a few dozen rodents.
Immediately after, I hooked my index finger in the ring attached to the pommel of the dagger, unsheathing it with a brilliant white arc.
Focusing aether on my arms, I soon became a torrent of blade and fists, cutting, stabbing, and striking every giant rodent within range.
Wielding a dagger was difficult at first. Despite the similarity in shape to a sword, the style of fighting using a dagger had proven vastly different.
It was fun though. Utilizing the ring at the bottom of the hilt, I was able to hook my finger through it, freeing up my hand to strike or parry with a palm. The shorter length of the dagger meant that strikes and slashes were faster and more concise, allowing for sharper and more volatile movement.
Corpses of the giant purple-clawed rodents lay strewn about, dying the beautiful blue grass around me in crimson.
Before the rest of their horde could arrive, Regis and I turned back and started to run. We continued running and slowly chipping away at their forces for several hours while searching for an exit within this seemingly vast field of ocean-like grass.
What was worse was that, unlike the chimeras and millipede, most of the rodents’ bodies didn’t contain aether—only their claws were coated in a dense layer of aether. This allowed them to actually injure Regis and made them very cumbersome to kill with little benefit since I was using more aether than I was regenerating.
“Over there!” Regis shouted as he picked up speed.
I saw it too. Out in the distance, there was an all-too-familiar teleportation gate glowing brightly, beckoning us. It was only after we drew near it that we realized it wasn’t going to be that easy.

Separating us from the gate was a chasm at least 30 yards wide with no end in sight on either side for us to go around.
“What do we do?” Regis asked as my mind spun, looking for a way out. Behind us was at least a thousand rodents hell bent on killing us— all the more angry after we had continuously killed off their brethren.
Pumping out more aether from my core, I picked up speed as well, gaining some distance away from the horde of rodents. As we got closer, my eyes picked up two columns both on the portal side and on our side as well.
“I think there’s a bridge there!” I said, pointing to the two columns just a few dozen yards ahead. I could only hope that there was a mechanism that connected the columns on either side together.
I skidded to a stop just in front of the two pillars that were about three shoulder-widths apart. But when I saw what had happened, I cursed aloud.
There were thick rune-inscribed chains coming from the columns and falling down the crevice. At the bottom there was a stream of red, and by the heat that could be felt all the way from here, I knew that it was lava.
That was why there were no grass or flowers growing this close to the crevice.
“Well...there was a bridge,” Regis said dejectedly, looking down into the abyss. “I wonder what did this?”
“Not what. Who.” I seethed, punching the tree-sized pillar of stone before turning back to face the army of rodents.
“Please don’t tell me you’re going to try and kill all of those creatures,” Regis groaned.
“Not exactly,” I said. “I have a plan but you’re not going to like it.”
Regis stared at me, deadpan. “Has there ever been a plan that I liked?”
***
I hid behind one of the columns, replenishing my core using a rodent claw that I had severed and stored in my bag while I watched Regis scream as he fast approached. Just behind him was the horde of rodents desperately clambering atop one another, swiping savagely at Regis.
“I hate you!” Regis howled as he drew near.
I waited until he was about a foot from the cliff before releasing the same aetheric aura that I had used to immobilize the giant millipede.
By the time the frontline rodents realized that they were running towards a cliff, it was too late. The air around them grew heavy as the aetheric aura spread. The waves of rodents behind the first row weren’t able to stop in time either, crashing into their brethren and falling off the cliff as they desperately clawed at the air.
Meanwhile, Regis continued to hover in the air, inviting the giant rodents in the back that weren’t yet aware of the cliff to try and kill him while gleefully laughing like a maniac.
“Come on, you pea-brained rats! Try and touch me with those manicured claws of yours now, bitches! Hahahaha!”
“Now!” I roared as the final wave of giant rodents clambered atop their brethren and leapt off in a desperate attempt to reach Regis.
I used most of my aether to burst forward, pushing off the column for maximum speed.
With aether shrouding my body, I stepped on the heads of the crazed rodents, climbing on top of them to get as close to the other side of the crevice as possible. With the river of lava below me, my eyes scanned the route that I would be able to take to get to the other side.

Just before the giant rodents under my feet began falling down, I leapt off the crest of the rodent pile.
I pushed away the thought of missing my footing and falling into the river of lava that was blowing hot air even all the way up here. I doubted that even my vivum-enhanced healing abilities would be able to regenerate me faster than the lava would eat away at my body.

My eyes locked onto the rodent up ahead in the air. It had managed to clear almost halfway across the crevice trying to get Regis.
Stamping my foot on the flailing rodent’s back, I pushed off of him to gain the extra distance I needed to reach the other side.
“You’re not going to make it!” Regis screamed as I began descending just a few feet shy from the clifftop.
Pulling out my dagger, I summoned the remaining sliver of aether to reinforce my arm and dagger before driving it into the face of the cliff.
The very air distorted in ripples from the waves of heat emanating from the stream of lava drawing closer.
‘Use my aether for Gauntlet Form!’ Regis sent as my free hand started glowing black and purple.
With no time to waste, I unleashed the aether coalesced into my fist, striking downward rather than straight at the rocky cliffside.
The impact created a big crater on the cliffside. I was freefalling for a second until I barely managed to snag my fingers over the edge of the depression that I had created.
My hands—along with the rest of my body—clammy with sweat, I nearly lost my grip but managed to hold on.
Clinging for dear life until I was able to pull myself up, I fell flat on my back in the small cave that I had created with Gauntlet Form.
“We made it!” a slightly shrunken Regis cheered as I struggled to breathe. The air was thick here, but it was a bit different from just heat. Too tired and hot to figure out why, I was tempted to let sleep overtake me but I knew that falling unconscious this close to the molten river spelled death.
“Thanks for saving me,” I said to Regis.
The little orb of black shrugged nonchalantly. “Meh, I’m not very keen on finding out what happens to me if you die. Just promise me a bigger chunk of aether next time and we’ll call it even.”
I nodded before getting back to the matter at hand. Even without strengthening my body with aether, I should be able to climb the cliff, and common sense dictated that I should get as far away as possible from this river of lava that I had clearly seen bake those puma-sized rodents alive in mere seconds.
However, my instincts told me otherwise, and my new body seemed to agree. Staring down, for some reason, I thought that this glowing river of lava would help me.
“So, you all rested up? Ready to climb up out of here?” Regis asked cheerfully as he continued to watch a few dumber rodents chase after us and fall to their fiery deaths.
It was when I spotted several glints of purple floating away in the molten stream that I realized why I had been feeling this way.
“No. Not yet,” I said as my eyes began scanning the inside of the man-sized cave I was in, yet another brilliant plan of mine slowly snapping into place.

“Tell me the truth, Arthur. You’re a masochist, aren’t you.”
“No, I don’t particularly enjoy feeling pain, Regis,” I stated, lowering my toes.
“Oh so you’re just dunking yourself in lava for shits and giggles?”
I stopped. “Do you mind? I kind of need to concentrate if I don’t want my body to melt.”
Regis rolled his eyes. “Oh, I’m sorry for trying to dissuade you from skinny dipping in lava.”
“Apology accepted, now shut up.” I took a deep breath. Even after hours of testing dozens of times, it was nerve-wracking to actually submerge myself into the molten river.
Dipping my entire body into the stream of lava, I immediately felt a burning, but tolerable heat coursing through me as I continued pumping aether from my core.
It was an odd feeling but it didn’t take long for me to be able to confirm the benefits of doing this. I had been right, except, it had gone beyond my expectations.
Seeing the glowing purple claws of the rodents had confirmed my instincts and had set the plan into motion.
The first stage was the most uncertain. Just like how the last level had its own unique ecosystem, so did this one.
When I had consumed the aether from the rodents’ claws, I realized that they were only coated in aether. Their natural claws—while sharp and near-indestructible—were just black. Seeing how their bodies weren’t able to innately wield aether like the chimeras, monkeys, or the millipede, I assumed that they had acquired those claws through some other means.
Their species lived underground, using their sharp claws to dig tunnels, so I speculated that in the ground was something that was rich in aether that they dug through in order to layer their claws with aether.
After hours of using my newfound dagger and aether to dig and punch deeper into the cave that I had made, Regis and I had found it...
An aether crystal.
The one that we had managed to find was about seven feet in diameter and extremely dense in mana.
If the first part of my plan had been uncertain, then the second part of my plan should be described as painful.
With no way of knowing if my body would fare any better than the rodent claws, I did the only thing any wise and intelligent person would do: test.
After another several hours of melting my fingers, waiting for them to regenerate by using the aether crystal, and doing it again while adjusting the input of my aether, I had finally come to where I was now...buck naked, standing on one of the shallow ends of the molten river I had found by tossing a boulder into it.
But it had paid off. My body felt as if it was going through the tempering and purging stage of my patented aether refinement process over and over again every second.
Because of how much aether I needed to expel constantly in order to keep my body from burning, as well as to be in a state of equilibrium with the harsh aether flowing within this molten river, I could only be inside for about a minute at a time. At least at first, that is.
“Wow. Five minutes.” Regis acknowledged with a nod. “New record.”
I stared at the aether crystal that had now dulled into a hazy gray color. “Just in time. I think it’s about time we leave.”
“Really?” Regis’ eyes sparkled like a puppy in front of a steak. I felt a little sorry for my floating companion. After the rodents had finally given up on trying to chase after us, Regis’ favorite show—watching the rodents fall and sizzle in the molten stream—had been stopped. This meant that he was stuck watching me go in and out between the molten river and the aether crystal, naked.
I gave him a nod, putting on my clothes. After adjusting my darkened leather bracers and gorget and equipping my bag and the white dagger I had grown fond of, I draped the teal fur-lined cloak over my shoulders. “You ready?”
“Hell yes,” Regis declared before stopping abruptly and turning around. “But before that... was it worth it?”
I let aether erupt from my core. Rather than seeing the thin sheen of magenta cover my entire body, however, my aether burned a brilliant purple—all traces of the reddish hue now gone. What really surprised Regis though, was the fact that almost all of the aether had coalesced into my right fist.
My lips curved into a smirk as I watched Regis gape stupidly. “You tell me.”





Chapter 262
Chapter 262: The Platform
Tempering my body in that molten stream for the past few days had been the right choice. I was now able to concentrate about eighty percent of the aether into my arms and focus up to thirty percent of my aether into my legs. That being said, my heightened control over aether made the climb back up to the clifftop a breeze.
I was tempted to stay longer in that fiery river—while excruciating, using the molten stream was a much faster way of forging my aether passages—but I had gotten lucky finding an aether crystal that large nearby. Without it, I wouldn’t have been able to make such drastic improvements in that short amount of time.
There were a couple things I wanted to do before crossing through the teleportation gate. First, I looked for a source of freshwater. I knew there had to be one nearby since I had accidentally managed to excavate a thin vein of water down within the cave while looking for an aether crystal. Even if I didn’t need to drink nearly as much water now, if I hadn’t found that, I would’ve had to make a trip back up to the giant rodents’ territory.
“Found it!” Regis shouted a few dozen yards ahead.
“Nice!” The dark dirt gave way to a lush field of blue grass once more as I reached the glistening pond of water.
Wasting no time, I gulped down mouthfuls of water and refilled my pouch before stripping my clothes and jumping in.
My body shivered at the cold touch of water on my skin but the sensation was blissful. After thoroughly washing myself, I couldn’t help but study my appearance once more.
The pair of eyes that gazed back at me in the water shone like two spheres of golden amber tinged with some blue—evidence of my former eye color. Locks of pale wheat hair draped over my face, emphasizing the solemn expression I bore as I stared at myself. I still looked like Arthur, but I kept looking for small differences to prove otherwise. In the end, it was just me being discontent that the most obvious traits that I had gotten from my mother and father were now gone.
Stop thinking like that. You should be grateful to Sylvie you’re alive, I reprimanded myself.
“Are you done checking yourself out?” Regis chimed.
Turning back, I shot him a withering glare, surprising him.
“Easy. It was a joke,” my companion muttered.
I let out a sigh. “I know.”
After getting out of the water, I got dressed in everything but the leather armor and teal cloak. I wanted to get adjusted to the changes in my body after tempering in the molten river. To do that, I needed to see exactly what I was capable of and what my limits were.
Without a proper punching bag in this field of blue and white, I was left having to strike the air and occasionally the ground, but I was able to get a grasp of how much I had improved.
Despite the fact that Regis used my own aether as fuel to unleash Gauntlet Form, I wasn’t able to duplicate that effect even after imbuing all eighty percent of my aether into my right fist. I was stronger—tougher—and the regenerative properties were heightened with so much aether coalesced in one place, but when I punched into the ground, the outcome wasn’t as destructive as I had hoped it would be.
Still, because I was able to more freely control my aether, Regis and I were able to utilize Gauntlet Form much more instantaneously and effectively.
One crucial limitation that I realized, however, was the speed at which aether travelled inside me.
Whether it was because my aether passages weren’t completely formed, or because I was still trying to treat aether as if it were mana, it still took a few seconds of concentration in order to siphon aether into the desired location within my body.
I still have a long way to go until I’m able to use advanced techniques like burst step. Still, I couldn’t help but get a little excited. This body would be able to bear the burden of burst step and much more.
Before we headed back to where the teleportation gate stood, I took out the translucent stone that held Sylvie inside.
“Let’s hope my aether is pure enough for you now, Sylv,” I muttered as I pushed aether into the stone. A shroud of purple enveloped the stone as I felt nearly all of my aether being drained from my core.
This time, I could feel much more of my aether reaching Sylvie, but it was all the same. While I had gotten stronger, at this point, I was dropping buckets in a pond, rather than cups. I really did have a long way to go.
After my core had replenished, we made our way back to the towering teleportation gate and stood in front of the undulating portal.
I turned to Regis. “Ready?”
He let out a scoff. “Let’s see what fresh slice of hell awaits us next.”
The two of us stepped through, both excited and anxious of what we’d have to face on the other side.
Despite our preparation and even anticipation for something unpredictable and bizarre, we were still stunned silent as the bright white light finally gave away to a serene spectrum of colors. Despite having the accumulation of two lifetimes in two different worlds, my mind couldn’t quite make out what I was seeing.

“Well this is new,” Regis muttered as the two of us continued staring blankly at the scene ahead.
Glowing platforms the size of small houses lay suspended in the air, each one a different color and a bit higher the farther they were. The platforms were connected by a single set of glowing stairs that seemed to be made of the same material as the platforms themselves.
The sky itself, if I could even call it that, shimmered in a purple hue, making this place look as if it was in a perpetual state of twilight.
The teleportation gate we had come through was apparently one-way because behind us was just an expanse of the shimmering purple sky. No sun or moon, no obvious source of light or even a horizon...there was just nothing.
I stepped away from the edge of the platform we were standing on, not wanting to find out how steep of a drop it was if we fell.
“At least there’s only one way to go, right?” I said, kneeling down to inspect the platform we were standing on. This one glowed a soft white and was smooth to the touch.
Regis rolled his eyes. “Woohoo.”
I walked carefully toward the set of glowing stairs leading to the next platform, wary of any traps. Thankfully, I managed to reach the stairs without anyone or anything trying to kill me.
Climbing the stairs, I reached the next platform which glowed in various shades of red. After the two of us exchanged a wary glance, I stepped on the platform.
Immediately, the staircase behind me faded away, forcing me to fully commit to the platform. As both feet were planted on the glowing red floor, the entire platform began elongating, stretching to about quadruple its original length. Worse yet, I felt something pull at my insides, forcing me to stumble and almost fall.
My breathing faltered as wisps of purple aura leaked from my skin. Even as I closed off my aether core, I could feel the aether escape, slowly draining both my body and my core.
Regis was in worse shape as he fell to the floor, his entire form flickering and growing noticeably smaller by the second.
“Regis!” I reached out and grabbed him, allowing him to sink into my hand.
‘Thanks,’ Regis remarked without a shred of his usual blend of sarcasm and condescension.
Meanwhile, I couldn’t help but start to panic as more and more aether was being siphoned out of my core and leaking from the surface of my body.
I began hurriedly crossing to the other side of the platform where the stairs to the next level awaited. However, the rate that my aether was being sucked out from me increased the closer I got.
Thinking on my feet, I began concentrating aether to my right arm. With all of my aether coalescing in one place, I could only feel the aether leaking from my right arm.
Better than nothing, I suppose.
I was nearly at the stairs now but my gut told me to try and overcome this.
‘Uhh, the exit is right there,’ my companion sent, his concerned voice echoing in my head.
“I...know,” I said through gritted teeth as I stopped in my tracks.
Rather than panicking at the sensation of aether escaping from my very grasp, I used every ounce of concentration into narrowing the aether from my entire arm to my hand, then to the center of my palm until I could feel the aether about to burst.
That’s when I felt like something had changed inside me. As if my aether passages dispersed and rose to the surface of my skin. A layer of purple clung tightly to my right palm while rune-like marks extended out to my fingers like a glove made of aether.
Suddenly, my hand began to burn.
‘Arthur! You’re going to destroy your hand at this rate!’ Regis cried, panicking. ‘Hold on! I’ll absorb some of your aether!’
“No, don’t!” I groaned. I let whatever anomaly was happening within this platform help me drain the aether coalescing in the center of my palm. Better yet, I let it help guide my channels.
Letting out a roar to overcome the pain gnawing away at my hand, I pushed out.
A deep thrum resounded, followed by a devastating torrent of violet flames erupting from the center of my palm.
I gripped my right arm with my left hand to help stabilize and keep my arm from ripping out of its socket.
The sound of my own voice was washed away from the deafening blast as I struggled to stay conscious.
My ears rang and most of the red platform that had seemed indestructible up until now had been obliterated.

I fell to my knees and I cradled my right arm. All of my fingers had been broken and bent out of place from the impact and my entire right arm had fractures. And without a shred of aether left in my body, I could already feel my body turning against me.
“—thur! Arthur!”

I saw a blurry Regis shouting my name before shooting into my chest. Almost immediately, I could feel Regis injecting his own aether into my core, supplying me with most of what he had accumulated since manifesting.
Strength flowing through me once more, I staggered off the red platform and climbed the stairs using my hand and feet.
“Regis, are you okay?” I asked, worry laced in my voice.
Regis remained inside me, and I could feel he was still alive but he remained quiet.
Finally, my companion stirred and let out a groan.
‘You really are a fucking masochist,’ he grumbled weakly.
The two of us stared at the glowing orange platform in front of us.
Regis was no larger than the size of my palm now after giving me most of his aether. What was worse was that we weren’t able to stay on the floating stairs indefinitely. After a while, the stair we were on began trembling before fizzling out of existence. Eventually, we had been forced to the last stair before the platform, my arm still mostly broken.
“Remember, I can’t use Gauntlet Form right now,” Regis warned, hovering just over my shoulder.
“I know.”
“And don’t you even think about using whatever it was you used on that last platform! I mean, what the hell were you even thinking!”
“I told you. I need to risk my life if I want to stand a chance against asuras,” I stated. Despite my injury and close call, I had succeeded. I could feel the change in my body and the possibilities of what I would be able to do once I was strong enough to handle it. “But you have to admit, the result was worth it.”
“If it wasn’t for me, you would’ve died doing that dragon’s fart technique!” he yelled before letting out a breath. “Fine. It was pretty cool. Just don’t do it again until we’re someplace safe, yeah?”
“It was a calculated risk...but I agree,” I answered before stepping onto the orange platform. As soon as my foot touched the floor, the entire platform began glowing brighter and started pulsating softly while the stairs leading to the next platform retracted.
“That didn’t happen on the last platform,” Regis stated grimly, looking at the stairs.
However, even as Regis was talking, I sensed something and moved my body accordingly. I spun on my front foot, pivoting to the right and grabbing the space in front of me with my left hand.
A slight prickle on my cheek told me that I wasn’t able to dodge completely but what surprised me more was the fact that I was able to react to the humanoid beast that had attacked me at all.
Aside from the fact that it was deadly fast, it seemed to be invisible. Even with the fact that I was able to see aether with my eyes, the beast simply looked like a faint blur of purple with two bladed arms and four legs.
“Regis.” I tightened my grip around the bladed beast’s arm as it struggled to pry free. “Be careful.”
My companion’s eyes widened at what he saw and hid behind me.
With my right hand out of commission, I tried throwing the beast off of the platform but it hit an invisible wall.
Imbuing aether into my left arm, I unsheathed my dagger and struck the humanoid beast underneath its chin and severed its head.
The entire platform shook from the impact and the headless beast slumped into the ground without a trace of blood leaking from its wound.
As soon as the beast died, details formed underneath its camouflaging shroud of aether.
“How’d you even see this thing?” Regis asked as he hovered over what could only be described as some sort of reptilian centaur.
I touched my cheek, wiping a bead of blood from the wound that had already healed. “I didn’t...I just sort of knew and reacted to it.”
“I wonder if it’s because of your new body,” Regis pondered.

“I’m not sure. I didn’t feel this way when I first woke up to this body. Even while fighting the chimeras and the millipede—I don’t think I would’ve been able to react this fast back then.”
My mind spun, trying to think of what could’ve changed. Maybe by forging my aether passages, the aether was further acclimating to my body internally, strengthening my nerves to enhance my perception and reflexes.
The sight of the reptilian centaur fading into nothingness snapped me back to reality. Soon after, the platform dimmed to its usual color and the stairs returned to its usual state, connecting this platform to the one after.
Regis tilted his head. “I guess...that’s it?”
We crossed the platform carefully, making sure there weren’t any more invisible threats, but after I had deemed it safe, the two of us took some more time to heal.
After a few hours of concentrated absorption of aether, I was back to full health and was even able to give Regis some aether. His body and horns were still half their previous size but he was at least able to use Gauntlet Form once.
“Let’s go,” I stated, curling and uncurling my healed right hand.
Reaching the end of the platform, we climbed the flight of stairs, much more confident than last time.
This platform was bathed dimly in deep blue light and when I carefully touched the floor with my foot, rather than pulsating like the previous platform, tiles shimmered into view, segmenting the entire area into smaller squares, each the span of my arms.
“Ooh, not ominous at all,” Regis said sarcastically, looking at the squares. “Too bad you can’t just float over them like me.”
“You make it sound like your life isn’t tied to mine,” I shot back with a smirk.
Regis’s expression fell as he muttered weakly, “We don’t know that for sure...”
“Let’s not find out,” I chuckled before focusing on the task at hand.
I got low and tapped lightly on the square just ahead while watching out for any more invisible beasts sneaking up on me.
Nothing happened, but when I placed both feet on the same square, the entire platform trembled before it suddenly spun ninety degrees. Suddenly, I was on the left side of the square rather than the front side.
“Woah,” Regis muttered.
I carefully stepped on the square to my left, the one that was closer to the stairs leading up to the next platform. However, as soon as both feet were planted, the entire platform rotated once more, this time, counterclockwise.
“It’s a...puzzle,” I said, stepping on another square. “Like some sort of two dimensional Rubik’s Cube.”
The platform turned counterclockwise again, and the more I tried to get closer toward the stairs, the farther away I was led.
Minutes easily bled into hours as we stepped, failed, and retraced our steps before starting again.
“Forward, left, left, forward, right—no I think it was left?” Regis muttered.
“Shut up! You’re making this harder,” I snapped as I hopped through the memorized path until we were just three squares away from the staircase.
I stepped on the square adjacent to the one I was on this time, spinning me clockwise, but the move after that led to a dead route.
“Damn it,” I cursed, tracing back my path a few steps to hopefully find a different route.
“Can’t you just jump this distance?” Regis asked, his gaze shifting from me to the stairs.
I stared blankly at my companion. “Is that allowed?”
“You can get to the stairs easily from here,” he replied. “And generally, the stairs have always been safe.”
I thought for a moment and realized we could be stuck here for hours if not days on this giant spinning chessboard.
Imbuing aether into my legs, I jumped.
The distance was easy to clear but as I descended toward the flight of stairs, suddenly, a shadow loomed over me.
It was the entire platform.
My eyes widened as the entire blue platform flipped, and it came crashing over my head.
No... it can’t end just like this.
“Arthur!” Regis cried, falling alongside me despite his ability to fly.
I flailed my arms desperately in the air, trying to grab ahold of something in this purple void. I tried to gather aether once more in my palm but to no avail—I didn’t have nearly enough to launch an attack like earlier.
There was nothing either of us could do as we continued plummeting and the platform grew farther and farther away, until it faded out of sight.





Chapter 263
Chapter 263: Cornered
Panic began bubbling up in the pit of my stomach as the platform disappeared from view. I didn’t have the confidence to say that I’d survive the impact after hitting the ground at this speed. Worse yet was the fact that I might not hit anything at all. Knowing that aether was involved in making this place, the possibility of falling indefinitely was all too real.
I remembered the helpless void that I had trapped myself in before waking up in this dungeon. The sheer numbness and darkness that had swallowed my mind and soul was something that brought chills down my spine at the mere recollection of it.
The impact I felt on my back, however, snapped me back to reality. I had landed on a platform.
The otherworldly surface glowed a soft white underneath me. As my mind tried to process what had happened, another crash resounded behind me.
“Sonova—”
“Regis! Are you okay?” I asked as my companion swaggered back up into the air, hovering a few feet above the glowing white platform.
“I don’t know... but for someone incorporeal, a lot of shit sure can touch me in this godforsaken place,” Regis groused.
I cracked a smile, happy to see my companion complain...and happy to have solid ground beneath me. However, what bothered me was the fact that, behind us, there were no other platforms. Just like when we had first arrived here.
With little choice but to walk up the lone staircase up ahead, we made our way across the platform and climbed the stairs to see the familiar glow of red on the platform in front of us.
I stared dumbfoundedly at the view ahead, struck with a sudden sense of déjà vu. “Regis. Please tell me you’re thinking the same thing I am.”
“If you’re thinking of a certain Italian plumber with a mustache, and what happens to him when he falls, then yeah,” Regis muttered.
“Crude metaphor of an ancient video game aside, I think you may have a point,” I replied. “But we’ll find out for sure once we step on it.”
“You mean once you step on it.” Regis shot toward me, disappearing into my hand.
Letting out a sigh, I stepped onto the platform. Almost immediately, I felt the sensation of aether being sucked out of me while the glowing red platform stretched out in length.
“I’m not even surprised,” I muttered, trudging forward.
I coalesced aether from my left hand this time, limiting the rate at which aether left my body as I neared the staircase.
‘Easy,’ Regis scoffed.
I stopped a few steps short of the staircase.
‘Wait, no. Please don’t tell me...’
“Where else am I going to find another environment that naturally pulls aether out of me?” I asked before smirking. “Besides, didn’t you just say it was easy?”
Despite having experience launching a destructive blast of aether from the palm of my hand, the second time wasn’t any easier. In fact, because I had become more accustomed to coalescing aether in my right hand, I had an even harder time with my left.
Needless to say, I walked up the staircase to the next platform with a shattered left hand, a near-empty aether core... and a smile on my face.
Regis glared daggers at me, his size once again shrunken from having to inject his aether into me. “Masochist.”

Ignoring the potential psychological repercussions of my dangerous actions since waking up in this dungeon, I stepped onto the orange platform. I dodged the invisible centaur beast once more, but rather than making the mistake of killing it and letting it disappear, I pinned it down and absorbed its aether first.
The great thing about expanding my aether passages was that I was no longer limited to consuming aether using my mouth. I could now absorb through my hand with dignity and poise.
Stepping up onto the blue platform, recovered and brimming with energy, I patiently solved the spinning platform puzzle.
My heart finally calmed after stepping onto the staircase leading to the next platform. The memory of the ground flipping from straight beneath me and sending me down a void had been seared into both our minds.
“Please let this next one be the exit,” Regis prayed, his horns practically drooping.
As we reached the top of the stairs, I couldn’t help but grow anxious.
The platform was about twice as big as the previous platforms and emitted an ominous black light.
I pushed aside my worries as my hand subconsciously reached for the bag carrying Sylvie’s stone. Despite the state she was in, my bond had become an anchor for me and a constant reminder of what my goals were.
Steeling myself, I stepped up onto the black platform with Regis following close behind. As soon as my feet were both planted on the glowing black surface, the entire platform began to thrum deeply.
My eyes scanned my surroundings, my senses on full alert for any dangers coming our way. The thrumming grew louder to an almost deafening degree until, suddenly, hundreds of black wires shot out from all four edges of the square platform, criss-crossing with each other to form a fence-like enclosing that stretched high above us.
Regis looked up and around. “That can’t be good.”
A thick layer of aether clung evenly over my body as I stepped toward the center. Seeing that we were blocked from moving forward meant that we needed to solve some sort of puzzle...or kill something in here.
As if reading my thoughts, the ground a few yards in front of me began rippling as a large mound of glowing black began growing from the center of it.
The expanse of purple surrounding us darkened as a towering figure burgeoned from the very ground we were standing on.
I gazed up at the shadowy giant looming over us. The bipedal creature was at least five times my height and looked like it was wearing a full set of armor of the same shadowy material as the rest of its body, along with a viking helmet with two horns curling upward. As it stepped toward us, causing the entire platform to tremble, I said the only thing appropriate for a situation like this.
“Look, Regis. It’s your dad.”
My companion regarded me for moment, deadpan. “I liked you better when you were depressed.”
The glowing black floor shook furiously as I effortlessly dodged the crashing strike launched by the shadowy sentinel. Its movements were slow but I knew that getting hit even once could spell death.
“Regis.” I held out my hand. “Gauntlet Form.”
As Regist flew into my hand and I siphoned aether through him, a sinister voice screamed at me, driving a nail to my brain.
‘Kill it. Slaughter it!’
I buckled from surprise and pain, just barely managing to avoid the low sweep of the golem’s arm.
With no time to wonder and question, I clenched my smoky-black fist and struck the giant golem’s leg.
A muted explosion resounded from the impact, but the golem only stumbled back a step.
The tight grip I felt around my core reminded me that the number of times I could use this was limited, but it seemed like even a hundred of these wouldn’t be able to kill the giant beast.

The golem let out a deafening roar, apparently pissed that I had managed to give it a bruise.
I grimaced as I clenched my shadow-clad fist once more. “Again!”
Channeling even more of my aether through Regis, I let the destructive power build. The smokey-black aura from Regis began to spread, slowly climbing up my arm.

Meanwhile the voice that had pierced into my brain actually began to quiet. Its once-desperate demand turned to mofillied appeals.
‘You need me. I’m the only one that can get you out of here. Don’t you want to see your family again? Don’t you want to see Tessia?’
“N-No,” I said through gritted teeth. Its tantalizing voice was actually scarier than when it screamed out its demands.
I fought to keep sane, wanting whatever this foreign demon was to get out of my head.
A forceful blow that threw me off the ground and slammed me against the black fence granted me my wish...and also a few broken ribs.
Coughing out a mouthful of blood, I landed onto my back to see Regis staring at me.
“What the hell happened? Are you okay?” the shadowy black ball asked before turning. “Watch out!”
I rolled out of the way, narrowly avoiding the giant golem as it tried to step on me.
Getting up to my feet while the remaining aether in my body slowly healed me, I looked at Regis. “Was that you speaking...in my head?”
“What are you talking about?” he asked, frustrated. “Did you get hit in the head? I’m not sure if you’ve noticed, but there’s a giant shadow golem trying to kill us.”
“I got hit everywhere,” I retorted, regarding Regis. I frowned as I looked at my companion. “The voice...nevermind.”
Shaking off the lingering aches of my body even as my ribs had healed, the giant golem and I began playing a game of cat and mouse. With hesitations keeping me from imbuing more of my aether, I was forced to try and attack its ‘weak points’.
Turns out, it didn’t have any. Its faceless head was just as hard as its armored crotch and chest.
Out of options, I did the only thing I could do. Keeping my distance, I began coalescing aether into the center of my palm.
As a thin layer of purple began spreading from the center of my hand, I hoped that my limited pool of aether would somehow dwindle the recoil of the aether blast.
But as I prepared to unleash the destructive blast of aether, I couldn’t help but question its capability. It was the wrong moment and time to be introspecting but I couldn’t help but wonder how this raw blast of energy stemmed from aether.
Like mana, did aether have a pure, affinity-less form, or was this power—like the strengthening of my body—a branch of vivum? But Lady Myre had explained vivum as the influence over all living components.
That’s when it hit me.
I had been on the right track with both the Gauntlet Form and the aetheric blast but they were merely a part of the bigger picture.
I channeled aether into my hand once more. But it was different this time. The very action of cladding my hand in aether felt more fluid... more natural and controlled.
Suddenly, an unbearable pain enveloped my hand, causing me to stop in my tracks. I looked down at my hands to see what looked like runes forming on the backs of my hands. They lingered for less than a second before the runes disappeared from view. However, I could feel the runes travelling up my arm like a white hot ball of iron before trailing down my back and legs before coming back up and pressing on the base of my spine.

Despite my growing tolerance for pain, the pain caused by whatever had happened nearly caused me to faint. However, for some reason, I felt reassured by what had just happened.
“—thur!”
I snapped out of my reverie at the sound of Regis’ voice right beside me, and I realized that I had been in the middle of a fight against a towering shadow-like golem.
I dipped my head and prepared for an impact that never came.
“Arthur, look,” Regis stated.
Raising my head, I couldn’t believe what I was seeing.
The black sentinel, whose figure towered over thirty feet high, was slowly backing away from me.
He’s scared.
I could see Regis looking at the sight in disbelief as well.
“What did you do?” he asked.
“I-I’m not sure.” I looked down at my hands to see nothing there. However, when I coalesced aether into my hand, a warm sensation spread from my lower back along with a flood of knowledge.
I staggered forward, nearly losing balance at the jarring sensation. It only lasted a split second, but I knew the newfound knowledge now ingrained into my brain would last forever.
“...uction, ” I muttered, looking at my empty hands.
“What?” Regis asked, floating down and staring at me. “Are you okay, Arthur?”
I could feel my lips curve up into a grin. “I’m better than okay. I understand now.”
“Understand what?” Regis rebutted. “You’re freaking me out, Arthur.”
Lifting my cloak and shirt up, I showed Regis my lower back. “This.”
My companion’s eyes widened as he saw the silvery-white rune glowing on my spine, just above my hip. “Do you know what this rune says?”
Regis shook his head as I let go of my cloak and shirt, covering my back.
“I do,” I said with a grin plastered on my face. “And so does that thing.”
I approached the giant shadowy knight, my gait calm and deliberate. The closer I got to the towering golem, the more I could see its form hunch, as if it was trying to make itself smaller in my presence.
It knew.
I was no longer the one trapped in here with this beast—the beast was now trapped in here with me.
Slowly raising my arm, I channeled aether into my right hand. The warm touch of the rune carved onto my back reassured me and the aether manifested into a small flame that glistened like pure amethyst.
The amethyst flame clung to my palm like a newborn. There was no wild ferocity or heat that emanated from this flame. It was cold, tranquil, and silent like the breath of something transcendent.
At the sight of this ethereal flame, the shadowy golem body began to tremble but not a shred of compassion could be mustered for this beast.
Like a cornered rat, the giant golem lashed out, slamming down its massive arms to try and flatten me.
I raised my arm, meeting his giant fists with my right hand. The amethyst flames silently consumed its entire two fists, leaving not even a trace of its shadowy hands.
The shadowy beast bellowed in rage, desperately flailing its arms at me.
Using its arm as a ramp, I rushed up and drove my flame-clad hand into its head.
“Farewell,” I said softly as I watched its head deteriorate from the violet flames and its body sink back down into the black platform.





Chapter 264
Chapter 264: Branch of Destruction
As the giant shadow sentinel dissolved back into the black platform, it felt like—rather than calming down—my adrenaline rush from the battle was growing more intense. My breathing grew shallow and I could feel my heartbeat quicken by the second. Blood pounded against my ears, dulling out everything except for the sounds of my own ragged breaths. It was an overbearing yet intoxicating sensation which had me scared that I’d lose my mind.
I tried to withdraw the violet fire clad around my right hand but it wouldn’t budge. The cool flames clung to my skin, throbbing, and the rune on my back now felt like a scorching brand pressed against my very spine.
I didn’t know why this was happening but it felt like either my body was rejecting the rune, or the other way around. A scream tore at my throat as the violet flames grew stronger and more wild, engulfing my entire hand.
Out of the corner of my eye, I spotted Regis frantically rushing toward me before disappearing into my body. It didn’t take much longer after that for darkness to overcome me.
When I came to, the shimmering purple sky was the first thing to greet me. The second thing was the pain. My right hand felt like it had been marinated in a vat of acid, a dull throb still lingered on my lower back.
My lower back...the rune!
My eyes widened as I finally recalled what had happened to me. I pushed myself off my back, wincing at the pain from putting weight on my right hand. As my gaze lowered to my right hand which looked unscathed, I finally noticed that the platform I was on wasn’t black, but white.
“Welcome back, Sleeping Beauty,” a gruff voice sounded behind me. My battle instincts flared as I whirled around while unsheathing the white dagger using my left hand, only to find myself face-to-face with a shadowy entity in the form of a wolf.
It remained seated on its hind legs like a large dog, no threatening intent leaking from it. The only details that set it apart from what would normally be a very black wolf was the fact that it had a pair of horns protruding out of its head, each twisting like a gnarled branch as they came to a sharp point behind its ears. The other detail, and the one that stood out the most, was its glowing violet mane that looked more like flames rather than fur.
“Check me out. I’m majestic as fuck!” the wolf said with a toothy grin, its shadowy tail wagging excitedly.
My jaw dropped. “R-Regis?”
It took me a few minutes to swallow everything, but once I did, my curiosity only grew.
I bombarded him with questions. “What happened to me after I passed out? What happened to you? Why do you look like that?”
“Easy, pleb,” Regis said haughtily, holding up his giant black paw. “This one shall explain.”
I shot him a glare, eliciting an uncomfortable cough from the shadowy wolf.
“After you killed that giant golem, that purple flame was trying to consume you so I did what any loyal companion would do and went into your body to save you.”
“Loyal? Is that why you’re a dog?” I quipped.
“I’m a wolf!” Regis emphasized, offended. “I don’t know why I’m a wolf, and not some badass dragon, but this is what I came out as.”
“So how did it happen?”

“Well, I felt this huge surge of aether fuse with me.”
“Fuse with your body?” I repeated blankly before it finally dawned on me.
I expelled aether from my core, trying to siphon it through the rune on my lower back. Except there was no rune. I recalled the knowledge that had been ingrained into me upon forming the rune but it felt like a blur, like trying to recall the events of a drunken night.
“It’s gone,” I mumbled. “I-I can’t feel the rune anymore.”
My eyes locked onto Regis in an icy glare. “You stole it.”
“It’s not like I expected this to happen,” Regis retorted back. “And besides. You were dying.”
I seethed. “I had it under control.”
Regis let out a scoff. “Sure. Writhing in pain and blacking out was all part of the master plan, right?”
“You don’t understand! I need that power, Regis. Give it back!”
Regis bared his fangs. “You don’t think I tried? After dragging your sorry ass out of the black platform—you’re welcome, by the way—I tried going back inside your body and giving it back to you but I didn’t even know how!”
My brows furrowed as I reached out my hand toward Regis. “Come here.”
With a sigh, my companion relented.
As soon as his form entered my body, though, I felt the change. It started with a pressure building inside my ears, as if I was sinking deep underwater. Then a growing pain began building in my temples as the knowledge of the rune in my mind and the actual rune now held within Regis connected. I recalled everything that I had learned as the warm touch of the rune spread from my lower back.
Destruction. That was what the rune that had been engraved on my back meant. Destruction, however, wasn’t something tangible, so the aether residing within me had shaped it into something I was familiar with: something destructive like fire.
Was it the result of my aether core being formed from the fragments of my white stage mana core?
It could’ve been. I didn’t know.
Through this very formation of power, however, I questioned whether aether had some level of sentience. It had given me knowledge of what destruction meant, and how it tied with vivum. Lady Myre had explained it as the influence over living components but that was wrong, that was only a part of it.
Vivum was more akin to the influence over...existence. And just as life was a part of existence, so was death, creation, and destruction.
I had barely touched the surface of destruction but even then, I had managed to gain more insight than Lady Myre knew—or at least what she had told me.
But perhaps even more shocking than that, was the revelation of what this rune signified. The fact that I had invoked this rune meant that I had a certain degree of mastery over what the rune meant. It was a rare projection of mastery over a specific edict of aether.
This made me question the differences in my newly-bestowed rune, and the runes that once encompassed my body through Sylvia’s dragon will...as well as the very runes that both Lady Myre and Sylvia possessed.

One difference was clear: The Indrath clan, as well as all of the asuras, thought that the only way to obtain these runes was through the rare chance of inheriting it since birth.
Were the specific edicts of aether they could learn limited by the runes that they possessed since being born? Were they given the knowledge and abilities that came along with each rune right away or was each rune ‘dormant’ until they could make the breakthrough themselves?

It seemed unlikely that they’d get the knowledge since birth, given how painful just obtaining one rune was—it was likely that even an asura infant would die from the mental burden of dozens of runes instilling their brain with knowledge.
Hundreds of questions ran through my head along with my newfound knowledge of aether from my rune. There would be no way to get all the answers anytime soon, but the acquisition of this rune and the parallel I had drawn with the runes I had witnessed in the past made me sure of two things: one, I needed to make more breakthroughs in aether arts to obtain more runes; two, Argona most likely gained insight from these runes in order to create his own version to bestow onto his people. That was what the marks, crests, emblems, and regalias that the Alacryans possessed were—simplified mana-adaptations of aetheric runes.
“Agrona,” I said aloud, a boiling fury building up inside me. My hands ignited in the cool violet flames of destruction, encompassing even the dagger still in my left hand as my eyes scanned for anything to let loose this rage on.
I needed to kill something. I wanted to kill something, just like Agrona had done to so many of my people. If it wasn’t for him, the war would’ve never happened and Adam wouldn’t have died. My father wouldn’t have died.
With the last trace of sanity left in me, I plunged the dagger in my hand deep into my thigh.
I dropped to a knee as the piercing pain spread, clearing my head. Regis was still inside me but I was able to withdraw his power.
It was worse this time. It wasn’t merely a voice whispering words into my mind anymore. I could feel the emotions, the cravings for chaos and destruction, fusing into my brain and making these murderous intentions mine.
Was it Regis? Was it the aetheric rune of destruction itself? Or was it me?
“You okay, Princess?” Regis asked. He had left my body, his expression more transparent and somewhat boorish in this canine form.
I got up. I was still in a daze and there were a thousand things on my mind, but I knew, regardless of intention, that if Regis hadn’t absorbed the aetheric rune from me...
“Yeah, I’m okay now,” I said with a pang of guilt. “And I’m sorry for accusing you of stealing it. You were right. If you hadn’t, I would’ve died.”
“It’s okay. I know you feel pretty cruddy since you’ve been so hell-bent on getting stronger.” Regis’ ears drooped. “And if it makes you feel better, my body is stronger now but I can’t use those purple flames like you used to kill that golem.”
I nodded, suspecting that may have been the case. Lowering my gaze, I stared at my hands, wondering what had gone wrong. I had gained insights into vivum, but I only had half of the whole piece, with Regis carrying the other half.
He didn’t have the insights to use the power of destruction as well as I could and I didn’t have the rune to use it myself. And if I did continue using the rune held by Regis, I knew it was only a matter of time before I’d go mad.
It was frustrating. Unlike the growth in my mana core and my ability to manipulate the elements, my growth in wielding aether wasn’t as linear and discernable. Obtaining this new powerful ability was the first step in bridging the gap between me and the asuras, but I was only given a taste before it was taken away from me.
But at least now I knew. If I could form a rune for a branch of destruction, then I could form one for other branches. I could only hope that the aether would mold and shape themselves to best suit me in the future.
Letting the wound on my leg close, I dusted myself off before shooting Regis a slight smile. “Come on. Let’s see just how useful this new form of yours is.”
Regis’s ears perked up and his tail started wagging excitedly as he shot me a toothy grin. “Try to keep up!”

Time continued to pass by unabated as Regis and I ascended higher through the glowing platforms. The expanse of purple shone overhead, ever-steady, making it impossible to track how many hours had passed.
There were a few patterns we had noticed as we ventured higher through this almost game-like expanse.
The color of platforms remained the same: white, red, orange, blue, then black. Regis and I referred to this sequence of platforms as a single ‘set.’ This order never deviated and each color corresponded to a specific ‘challenge.’
As far as we could deduce, the white platform was the only safe platform. The red platforms were meant to be some sort of test for either your mental or physical fortitude. Apart from the first red platform that siphoned our aether, the latter ones imbued all sorts of interesting curses onto the people standing on the platform. From insatiable hunger that could drive humans to eat one another, to lust, depression, and so on.
The orange platforms were rather straight-forward as well. Each one conjured up enemies that Regis and I needed to kill in order to move on. The numbers and types of beasts varied and grew a bit stronger with each ascending set, but the rate at which Regis and I grew surpassed the rising difficulty of the stages.
The blue platforms were by far the most time-consuming. Each one was a puzzle of some sort, some with deadly traps and others meant to keep you for days to die of thirst and starvation. With my body needing very little sustenance apart from aether, this didn’t really apply to us, but it was a large waste of time, regardless.
While the blue platforms took the most time, the black platforms were the most deadly and challenging. There was only one beast to fight, but on a level far higher than the ones seen on the orange platforms.
I had come out of each battle with wounds that would’ve crippled or killed a normal person, only to have them heal without a trace. My clothes were littered with tears and holes but the black leather bracers and gorget along with my teal cloak managed to stay intact. I had also expected the white dagger I had obtained from the millipede lair to be broken down by now, but it held strong without a single chip or crack to blemish its pristine white blade.
Despite what awaited us on each platform, our ascent through the platforms had gotten easier—no, that was wrong; each platform proved to be more challenging than the prior. We had just gotten stronger.
While I wasn’t able to unravel another aspect of aether to obtain a rune, the rate at which my aether passages grew had increased. It most likely had to do with the knowledge that had been instilled and remained in my mind when I had gotten the first rune, even after Regis’ body had absorbed it.
I was able to coalesce all of my aether into either of my hands and about eighty percent of my aether into my legs. Minute control over aether felt impossible for now, like I was trying to mold air into a sculpture, but it was something I desperately needed to advance.
It was imperative to have precise control over aether to enhance my speed. I had grown somewhat confident in my resilience and power but without the aid of both mana and elemental magic, my speed had deteriorated even with the aid of aether and my stronger body.
The biggest change, however, was Regis. My black mutt—which he hated to be called—was no longer the cannon fodder he used to be. While he wasn’t yet able to use the violet flames of aether, his speed, strength, and razor-sharp teeth and claws made him a torrent of destruction nonetheless. The only downside to this change was that he was now much more corporeal than he used to be—which meant he was susceptible to injury.
His body didn’t bleed, but since his entire body was made of aether, getting too hurt meant that he needed to be given more aether...my aether, and a lot of it.
“After we get out of here, remind me to whip you into shape,” I huffed, resting on the giant head of the three-headed serpent I had just finished off on the seventh black platform. “My little sister can fight better than you.”
‘Bite me,’ Regis snapped, his discontent ringing in my head. ‘I’m still getting used to this form. It’s my first time having actual limbs you know.’
“Well, at this point you’re more of a liability to my aether pool than you are an asset in battle,” I remarked with a smirk.
Regis opted for silence, all out of excuses and witty comebacks.
He knew that as well. It was too dangerous to use Gauntlet Form, now enhanced by the violet flames of destruction, because of its escalating effects on my psyche, and the beasts that appeared on these platforms were too strong for him to properly adjust his newfound powers and form to.
The sight of the shadowy rails trapping us within the black platform stirred me out of my thoughts. The three-headed serpent began to dissolve back into the ground as well, the same as usual.
I expected to see the customary set of stairs leading to the next platform, but instead of a platform, what awaited me at the top of the translucent stairs was a portal.
Looking at the shimmering gate of iridescent light felt like falling upon an oasis in an endless desert.
‘Is that...’
“I think it is...” I rushed up the stairs with reckless abandon, wanting nothing more than to escape this hellish purple void.
I thought anything we would have to face on the other side would be better than being here. However, what awaited us made me question those very thoughts.
It wasn’t the ominous crimson sky that shone overhead that made me anxious. It wasn’t the hordes of various beasts advancing toward us. It was the dozen or so humans fighting against them... and the three Alacryans in particular that I had come across in the very first room of this dungeon.





Chapter 265
Chapter 265: First Ascent
There were so many thoughts racing through my mind. So many questions I wanted to ask as my eyes took in the sight.
What was going on? Am I still in the dungeon? If so, why were there so many mages gathered here?
My eyes were drawn to what I first thought was a red sun. Looking carefully though, the ‘sun’ seemed to be sitting on top of a towering column quite a distance away.
A monstrous screech pulled my gaze back to the scene just ahead.
With the vast field of uneven dirt being trampled by hundreds of monsters and the blood-red sky matching the pools of blood and fire strewn across the battlefield, I couldn’t help but wonder if this was what hell would be like.
During my journey through this dungeon, I had faced skeletal chimeras, giant aetheric millipedes, deadly shrews and shadowy beasts of all shapes and sizes. However, none of them could quite compare to the sheer grotesqueness that were these monsters.
Each one of these bipedal creatures had sickly white skin and an oversized head resting between narrow shoulders that could only be described as a ghoulish infant. Their clawed hands and large mouths were dyed in red and sharp fang-like spikes protruded out of their gangly bodies.
From the hundreds of monster corpses littering the field and the Alacryans coated in a layer of sweat, grime and blood, it was easy to infer that they had been in battle for quite a while.
‘Why can’t we ever be fighting against a half-naked succubus or a seductive demoness of some kind? Why are they always so damned gross?’ Regis lamented.
“Hey! Are you waiting for our permission or something? Help us out!” a large female warrior clad in plated armor a few yards ahead barked, unleashing a surge of blue fire from her golden halberd straight at a group of demonic babies.
Chittering screams resounded from the monsters as the fire washed over them, but they were immediately replaced by another wave.
‘What do we do?’ Regis asked.
Stay hidden inside me for now, I replied. It seemed like the Alacryans and I had a common enemy for now, but revealing anything more than I had to would be foolish at this point.
Careful to keep the aether flowing within my body, I unsheathed my white dagger and dashed forward.
The baby-headed demons were fast, relentless, and their skin was tough, but with aether pumping through my limbs in powerful bursts, I tore through them, wave after wave.
Despite the remaining thirteen of us fighting a common enemy, it was obvious that teamwork only existed within isolated groups of preexisting teammates. Save for the trio that I had met before, there was one other trio while the rest fought in pairs, trying to stay alive rather than trying to help out the rest.
Streams of blue fire lit the red sky from the same warrior that had shouted at me, but that wasn’t the only magic that filled the battlefield. I could see giant earthen spikes erupt from the ground, bullets of water shimmering as they pierced through the monsters, and crescents of wind that bisected everything in its path.
They were spells I was all too familiar with, but each one was at a level that could rival a veteran silver-core mage at the least. But even with all of these powerful mages mowing down the demonic infants, their numbers only seemed to increase.
‘Where are they all coming from?’ Regis wondered.
I wish I knew, I sent back as I pried my dagger out of the bulging black eye of a demonic infant.
“H-Help!” a pained cry rang from a few yards away. I turned to see five monsters pouncing on a warrior. He desperately scrambled on his back, using his shield to keep the monsters at bay.
His left leg was broken and the monsters seemed to know that, more and more of them gathering to finish off their prey.

My eyes locked with the warrior’s.
“You! S-Save me—please!” he shouted, panicking.
I instinctively stepped forward to help the struggling mage as he frantically lobbed a blast of fire that only helped in attracting more monsters.
But then, as the warrior was flipped by a pair of monsters, I saw the black runes between the mesh gap of his armor.
Anger flared within me as memories of the war came back; If it wasn’t for these Alacryans, my father, Adam, and so many others wouldn’t have died.
My eyes narrowed as any remaining shred of mercy I had dissipated. I turned away, ignoring his screams of pain and anger before he succumbed to his bloody end.
I continued my rampage unabated, like a deadly storm leaving behind only corpses. The aether within each monster was scarce, but enough for me to discreetly absorb and sustain myself. Despite the situation I was in, surrounded by both monsters and Alacryans, I blurred everything except for the enemies within my range.
It was as if I was fighting alone against the army of beasts approaching the Wall all over again. Except, this time, I didn’t have elemental magic to help me.
It didn’t matter though. At this point, my physical prowess had long since exceeded my previous state, despite my abated speed. The few injuries I did receive regenerated long before I even had a chance to worry about them.
The monsters must’ve finally realized that the newcomer wasn’t the weakest because they began slowly avoiding me. The thought of running away crossed my mind. I had no allies here—only the Alacryans that I had been fighting against for so long. Who knew what these people would try to do once given the chance.
However, out of the corner of my eye, I spotted the three Alacryans I had run into when I first woke up in this dungeon. The three had gotten separated far from the rest of the Alacryans and were surrounded by over a hundred monsters.
Drawn to them, I continued to study the trio as I chased down stray demons.
Taegen, the crimson-haired mace wielder, fought more like a beast than a warrior—smashing, punching, kicking and throwing the beasts despite the injuries he had sustained from the extended battle. The short brown-haired swordsman was more dignified, handling his mana-clad longsword with deft slices and stabs while a layer of sweat coated his face and neck.
The woman that Taegen had referred to as Lady Caera was positioned in between the two warriors who were obviously protecting her. She wielded a thin curved sword that was longer than she was tall with a blade the same color as her ruby eyes. As she sliced through monster after monster, I realized that her movements reminded me of...me. They were sharp, efficient, and deadly without losing an inch of grace.
Even without her two protectors, she was able to hold her own against the waves of beasts that continued to assault them. A shimmering white aura surrounded her entire body as her movements blurred, drawing arcs with the blood of her enemies.
However, it wasn’t hard to see that they were barely holding on. They were clearly running out of mana, their bodies fatigued and injured.
‘Despite the sight for sore eyes that is my fairlady Caera, I think it’d be a good idea to leave right about now,’ Regis commented.
Yeah, I agreed, my eyes still glued to the three of them.
As I was about to turn away, however, I caught a glimpse of Caera just as she made a fatal mistake. She misstepped, tripping over a corpse, giving the wave of monsters a chance to pile on top of her like starving animals.
“No!” Taegen roared as he tried to make his way towards the girl, pushing and throwing aside the horde of monsters practically climbing on top of him.
The other guy was in no better shape, doing his best to keep the monsters on his side from joining the ones trying to devour the girl.
‘Uh, Arthur? What the hell are you doing?’
I ignored my companion, willing aether through my legs and dashing as fast as my body would let me. My dagger blurred around me, cutting down all the monsters that stood in my way until I finally drew close to Caera.
Her words as I played dead in the Sanctuary echoed in my head.

‘Have some pity on her, Taegen.’
She had said that to me at my weakest point. If she hadn’t—if she had heeded Taegen’s prudent warning—I wouldn’t be here now.
Afraid that I’d be too late, I took a risk that I normally wouldn’t. Siphoning aether throughout my body, I released my aetheric intent.

As the translucent aura surged around me, making the very air grow heavy, the demonic monsters reacted. Their pale spiney bodies stiffened from the sudden pressure while some of the weaker ones even fell unconscious.
Clearing off the monsters that had piled on top of Caera, I found her lying on the ground, bleeding and unconscious.
Without thinking, I bent down, leaning my ear over her face to try and hear her breathing.
‘Wow. She’s even prettier up close,’ Regis said with a whistle.
Regis’ voice brought me back to reality and I jerked away.
They were my enemies. They were the ones responsible for killing so many of my people. So why was I helping them?
Why was I relieved that this girl was still alive?
“Step away from her,” said a growling voice from behind.
I stood up calmly, dusting off my pants. “Tell her when she wakes up that we’re even now.”
“Even? Who do you think—”
I turned around to face the girl’s two protectors, looking at each of them with a cold gaze.
“You’re the girl that we saw half-dead in one of the Sanctuaries,” the brown-haired swordsman said with mild surprise.
The mace-wielder beside him, however, didn’t act nearly as calmly as his companion. He rushed forward with explosive speed and his lightning-clad mace blurred straight at my face.
Stepping forward, I dipped just below the path of his weapon, and struck below his ribs, right at his liver with all of my aether concentrated on my fist.
My counterattack didn’t connect, though. In that split second, he had managed to bring his other hand up to block my strike.
Still, the force of my attack sent the crimson-haired warrior skidding back. His expression turned to that of surprise as he looked down at the hand that had become a bloody mess from blocking my attack.
“I’m a guy,” I corrected, shaking my throbbing hand. Even with all of my aether strengthening and protecting my hand, it felt like I had punched a wall of diamond.
The guy lifted his mace once more, rage building on his face, but his sword-wielding companion held up an arm.
“My apologies for his crude behavior...and thank you for saving her,” the swordsman said. As he lowered his head, I noticed his eyes linger over the teal cloak draped over my shoulders as if he was familiar with its owner.
Thankfully, at that moment, the sky suddenly changed. The once blood-stained sky cleared to show a beautiful expanse of blue, but something was missing.

It was the giant red orb that I had mistaken for a sun. It was gone, and so was the pillar holding it up.
“Finally!” a voice whooped from afar.
I couldn’t quite grasp what was going on, but the hundreds of corpses that had littered the desolate ground were gone along with the red sky.
The swordsman let out a sigh as he sheathed his longsword. “It looks like this wave has finally come to an end.”
“This wave?” I asked. “Does that mean there’s more?”
Going down on one knee, he handed the girl’s sword to the mace wielder before gently picking her up. “Until we can get close enough to destroy the power source, these waves will continue.”
“Power source?”
“That giant red moon that you saw in the sky,” he explained.
“Apologies for the questions, but this is the last one,” I said, surveying the mages setting up camp. “Why are there so many Ala—people here?”
This time, the swordsman looked at me with a curious expression. “Why? Have you never come across a convergence zone on any of your ascents?”
My mind spun as I tried to make heads or tails out of his question before answering vaguely. “This is my first ascent.”
The swordsman’s eyes narrowed as he studied me. “Even if it is your first, thorough research is always done unless you’re seeking death. And with your strength, it seems more plausible that you’ve had formal schooling. Where are you from?”
‘Say you’re from the outskirts of Vechor!’ Regis sent.
“I’m from the outskirts of Vechor,” I said quickly.
“Then a talent such as yourself would’ve been reported to the capital. Unless coming back alive from your first ascent is your rite of passage,” he said as if thinking aloud rather than directly talking to me. “Regardless. I must tend to Lady Caera before the next wave begins. I will relay your message to her.”
The swordsman walked away with the crimson-haired warrior following close behind. A soft white aura enveloped his hand, stopping the bleeding.
After a few steps, I watched the brown-haired warrior holding the girl stop before looking back over his shoulder. “It’ll be about twelve hours before the next wave comes. It’d be best for you to rest a bit before moving forward with the rest of us.”
I frowned. “Together?”
“You can go off on your own to see if you fair better, but the fact that the red moon still comes up means that the ones that have tried up until now have died, since destroying that is the only way out.”
I blankly watched as the swordsman walked off before focusing on what to do next.
Hey. How did you know the name of a city in Alacrya? I asked Regis as I studied the other Alacryans.
‘Not a city, but a dominion, which is another word for kingdom. And it’s because of Uto’s will. I don’t know everything he did, but I do know some basic knowledge.’
And you never thought to tell me this?
‘The knowledge I have hasn’t been very applicable while fighting beasts,’ Regis quipped.
Despite the flaring annoyance at my companion, I let it go. If it wasn’t for him, the swordsman would’ve been a lot more suspicious than he already had been.
I had managed to catch the mace-wielder by surprise, but I had a feeling that the next time, it’d be a lot harder for me.
I let out a sigh, rubbing my temples. Now wasn’t the time to care about that. There was something even more important I had learned.
Through the short and rather tense conversation I had with the swordsman, it seemed that our suspicions were correct.
I was no longer anywhere near Dicathen.
The dungeon I had wound up in happened to be somewhere in the very continent I had been at war with.





Chapter 266
Chapter 266: On Guard
Surveying the battlefield, I watched to see what the rest of the Alacryans would do
My gaze landed on a black-haired man in thin leather armor aside from the greaves and bracers that seemed to be made out of a copper-colored metal as he knelt beside the corpse of the warrior that I had let die.
I had expected some sort of mock burial or at least a blanket covered over his body, but instead, the black haired warrior began rummaging through his stuff, looting every remaining piece of equipment that hadn’t been devoured or ripped up by those demonic monsters.
Even though I had been the one to let him die, I was repulsed by his people’s behavior.
Shaking my head, I walked away, wanting some distance between me and the Alacryans.
There were no hills, rocks, or any sort of natural formations in these extensive plains so I just found a spot far enough for me to keep an eye on the Alacryans. I sat on the hard, uneven ground, anxiously twiddling a dried weed that tenaciously clung to the ground.
My eyes wandered around the six separate camps that had already been set up since my short walk.
Collapsible tents had been assembled and fires had already been lit. Raw meats that had been stored in thick containers drawn from whatever dimensional storages they had were being grilled over their individual fires, filling the air with the sweet and smoky aroma of meat mingled with heavy spices.
Since coming down here, I was able to survive by absorbing aether, focused solely on surviving and growing stronger, but it was at this moment that I was reminded of the wonders of food.
‘Never thought I’d see a picnic down he—wait, are you drooling?’ Regis scoffed.
“Wha—no!” I exclaimed, wiping my chin while ignoring Regis’ cackling.
It was only when a few of the Alacryans looked at me that I realized I had just spoken aloud.
Clearing my throat, I closed my eyes and began cycling aether throughout my body. I didn’t need to eat and barely needed any sleep so I might as well get some training done. Without the aid of aetheric materials like crystals or monster corpses made of aether, I couldn’t utilize the three-step stage for training my aether passages that I had devised so I opted for just subtle channeling of aether throughout specific parts of my body to slowly carve out more aether passages.
‘Someone’s coming,’ Regis alerted. With his form currently within me, he was able to see through my body and into the outside world like, ‘a slightly tinted glass container,’ as he put it. While it was a bit disturbing to think about at first, I had long since grown used to it and it was a bit comforting knowing that I had another pair of eyes capable of seeing behind me, even though most times—like now—I didn’t need it.
I turned toward the sound of the obviously unmasked footsteps that were drawing closer.
Just a few yards away was a girl with light brown hair that sat just above her shoulders. Her thin petite frame was covered by a black mage’s robe that was purposely untied, displaying clothes that were revealing enough that it beckoned more than one admiring gaze to roam over her body.

Aside from her provocative attire, in each of her hands was a plate of flame grilled meat and vegetables still steaming.
“I come in peace,” she said, holding up her plates.
‘I like her already, Arthur,’ Regis remarked with a sigh.
Holding in the urge to roll my eyes, I remained silent, keeping my guard up.
“I know there are all those horror stories of backstabbing in convergence zone but I just wanted to express my gratitude,” she continued, shooting me a shy smile. “If it wasn’t for you killing so many carallians, I’m not sure if my team and I would’ve made it through.”
I frowned, mentally linking the term carallians to those infant-headed demonic fiends. “I appreciate the gesture but it’s not necessary.”
“I insist.” The girl bent down to put the plates on the ground, before tucking her fallen bangs back behind her ear while she locked eyes with me. “And my name is Daria Lendhert, by the way. If you’re looking for a team, we have an extra simulet and strong strikers are always welcome...especially ones that are handsome.”
‘Oh man... the inner Uto in me is having some very naughty thoughts,’ Regis muttered.
Do you know what a simulet is? I asked.
‘The inner Uto is too busy thinking of other things to care what a simulet is.’
Get your mind out of the gutter, I snapped.
Regis let out a sigh, blaming me for taking his attention away from Daria. ‘I think it’s an artifact of some kind used by lessers. That’s all I can muster up from Uto’s knowledge bank. I don’t think he particularly cared for what small things like these were.’
How frustrating. It wasn’t like I could ask without arousing suspicion, and I wasn’t close enough to any of these Alacryans to have these things come up naturally in conversation.
My eyes lingered on her frame as she ambled back to her camp, trying to remember what sort of spells she had casted, what sort of abilities she had. Her robe covered whatever mark, crest or emblems she most likely had tracing her spine.
If only I was still able to see mana.
The aromatic wisps exuding from the freshly grilled food must’ve reached my nostrils because I found myself staring at the two plates of food, one filled with cuts of grilled meat and the other topped with vegetables and spuds.
My salivating mouth won the fight against my dignity as I walked over to where Daria had left the plates on the ground.
Screw it. It’s not like I can get poisoned or anything, I thought as I stabbed the fork she had so kindly left into a cut of blackened meat still dripping with juices before shoving it into my mouth.

Every bite contained pockets of flavor that burst in my mouth and slid down my throat. It took every ounce of self control to keep myself from picking the rest of the meat by hand and scarfing it down.
I took another bite alongside some greens, letting the mixture of flavors and textures mingle and harmonize before reluctantly swallowing it down.
My mind must’ve blanked out soon after because by the time I came to, nearly all of the meat and half of the greens were gone.

‘I don’t think I’ve ever seen you so happy,’ Regis commented. ‘It’s kinda scary...”
Embarrassed, I let out a cough before slowly eating the rest.
The next person to come up to me was the warrior who had looted the dead shield-wielder. He shot me a somber smile as he walked up to me.
Despite the cautious glare that I had given him as he approached, he sat down a few feet away and asked, “So how many teammates did you lose?”
“None,” I replied curtly. “I came here alone.”
The man’s jaw visibly slackened. “You’re a solo ascender?”
I remained silent.
“My name is Trider, by the way,” the man said, leaning toward me and extending a hand. “And I guess I’m a quasi-solo ascender now too, since my teammate died.”
I didn’t take it and Trider eventually took back his hand with an uncomfortable chuckle. “I guess ascending solo makes you a bit cautious but that’s okay. Anyway, I came here to see if you’d like a partner for the rest of this ascent. I’m not sure how far you’re trying to go but I plan on getting out in the next crossroad so if you want to—”
“I refuse,” I cut in.
“What? Oh, are you worried about splitting accolades? If that’s the case, I think it’d be fair to separate and individually keep accolades from beasts we kill ourselves and split an even fifty-fifty for beasts we have to kill together.”
“No thank you,” I answered without missing a beat.
“That’s an honorable arrangement,” Trider said with a tinge of frustration in his voice.
Annoyed by his insistence, I lashed back with a cold tone. “The word ‘honorable’ has no meaning to a man who plunders his own teammate’s body for equipment.”

Trider flinched back, eyes wide in surprise and confusion. “You’re...joking, right? Taking valuable equipment back home to the ascender’s blood is what Warren would’ve wanted.”
Suddenly, it felt like I had been the one to make the mistake. I tried to recover from my last words by shifting the conversation slightly. “That’s not what I meant. It just didn’t look right to leave his body out in the open to decay or be eaten by those carallians.”
“Oh, you must be from Sehz-Clar.” Trider chuckled. “No offense but notions like that are why people from your domains are called the soft souths. Everywhere else, leaving soldiers in the place of their death is an honor, especially within the Relictombs.”
‘My master is such a racist,’ Regis teased, feigning disgust.
However, his joke was a cold splash to my face. I wanted to argue back that I didn’t know, but it only seemed to prove the point that racism truly was fueled by ignorance as much as it was by rage or indignance.
“I moved to Vechor because of that as well,” I lied, trying to make sure my story stayed straight with what I told the swordsman. “But I guess my teachings from Sehz-Clar still linger.”
Trider rambled on. “Really? How were you able to—never mind, I guess an accomplished solo ascender would have no problems being accepted into Vechor. I’m from Etril so we’d be on the opposite side of the continent once we get out.”
“Seems like it,” I agreed, even though I had no clue where I would end up once I left this dung—Relictombs. After a brief pause, I spoke hesitantly. “If I can ask you a few questions as well...who are those three ascenders over there?”
Trider looked to where I was pointing. “I wanted to ask you the same thing after I saw you talking with the swordsman striker. I’m not sure who they are but if you look at the accolades they have, it’s obvious they’re not your normal ascenders. Especially that red sword the girl wields. Warren and I had joined this convergence zone only two days ago, but supposedly, those three have been here for over a week now. It’s no wonder that they’re in such bad shape.”
‘Man, this guy talks a lot,’ Regis groused.
It works in our favor though, I sent back.
“Anyway, I’ll let you get back to your training. The offer still stands, unless you’ve already accepted the offer from the Lehndert blood prodigy,” he said with a hint of disappointment. “I wouldn’t blame you if you did either, she’s a gifted caster and pretty to boot.”
After Trider walked back to his small camp I continued my training until a few hours had passed. The camps began packing up their belongings, each of them getting ready to go as if there was an agreement established beforehand. From what I could see, there was no leader in this group of thirteen excluding me.
I got up as well, wiping away the sweat on my brows with an extra shirt I carried in my bag along with Sylvie’s stone. Taegen, Caera, and the swordsman left first, with Daria’s group—the only other group of three—soon followed after. Daria gave me a knowing stare, expecting me to follow her, but when I didn’t, her thin brows furrowed and she whipped her head away.
The only other person to travel by himself was Trider. I gave him a nod of acknowledgement before trailing behind the rest who travelled in pairs behind the two groups of three that led this excursion.
Our pace was that of a constant sprint as we tried to cover as much ground without using too much mana—or in my case, aether—before the next wave came. It might’ve been possible for me to keep a nonstop pace toward the exit out of this zone but for everyone else, the few hours of rest was crucial if we were to fight another wave.
As we ran in a line formation toward where the power source had been, I could feel the stress build amongst the group.
When the sky actually turned red, the Alacryans’ tensions culminated into explosions of mana as each one of them immediately readied for a battle.
I decided to keep to myself, not joining either Trider or Daria, but Trider stuck by me when the sky shifted, maybe for protection or maybe to prove himself to me.
The red sun—supposedly the power source of this zone—stood high above us, but it was closer this time, no farther than a day or two of travel.
Strength flowed through my limbs as aether cycled within me. My eyes scanned my surroundings, expecting to see a horde of monsters coming from the distance.
That wasn’t the case.
The carallians rose from the ground like the undead rising from their graves, clawing themselves out of the cracked dense dirt with their red claws all around us. Immediately, spells went off as the ascenders began their preemptive attacks, but I couldn’t help but stare at the claws sprouting from the ground.
It wasn’t just me. The rest of the ascenders froze when the first carallian managed to fully surface. It, along with the rest of its brethren were twice the size of the previous wave of carallians—standing at about ten feet high—and had an extra pair of arms. And judging by the look on everyone’s faces, it was obvious that this wasn’t normal.





Chapter 267
Chapter 267: Justification
I wouldn’t have thought much of the difference in size if it wasn’t for the way the ascenders reacted to it. It wasn’t just their expressions of shock, it was the way they stared at me immediately after, as if I was somehow the cause.
Whether they truly thought that this was my fault or not, I wouldn’t find out until after the battle. The steroid-infused carallians were popping out of the ground by the dozens and it didn’t seem like they’d stop and wait for us to finish a conversation first.
“Tri-layer Circle Formation!” A clear voice rang from within the chaos.
The ascenders looked at one another—myself included, mostly because I didn’t know what the hell a Tri-layered Circle Formation was. The rest, however, had hesitation and reluctance written all over their faces.
“Now!” the same voice roared. It was an ascender from Daria’s team.
His resolute voice cut through the ascenders, spurring them on to follow his command. Aside from myself and Caera’s team, the rest formed a loose three-ringed circle centered around Daria and another ascender holding a golden wand.
Any idea what a Tri-layered Circle Formation is? I asked Regis.
‘No clue.’
Going rogue like Caera, Taegen and the brown-haired swordsman spelled defiance or ignorance, neither of which were good at this point. I got into position between Trider and another melee ascender in the outermost ring, deducing that this formation was centered around keeping Caria, who I knew was a conjur—well, whatever the term was called by the Alacryans, and the lanky guy with a crooked nose, protected.
There was no signal that indicated, no words that marked the beginning of our battle. We simply fought while I controlled my strength in order to not stick out.
The carallians’ strength mirrored their enlarged stature yet their speed was unimpeded. Still, I had gone through worse and came out only stronger.
Crescents of white arched around me as my dagger flashed with deadly speed and accuracy. With aether augmenting my body, my kicks and strikes made me an impassable storm.

The Tri-layered Circle Formation constantly shifted to avoid the accumulation of carallian corpses, and it all seemed like it was going well until the first ascender was killed, opening up a hole in the outer ring.
“Garth!” shouted a lean ascender positioned in the middle ring. He wielded a quarterstaff with a dozen or so orbs of lightning floating around him.
Immediately, the two on either side of the dead ascender seamlessly filled in the gap and we continued unabated. If I hadn’t seen the different camps set up for each pair or trio of ascenders, I would’ve assumed that they were all a part of the same highly-trained unit.
My attention then shifted to the inner circle of our formation. Despite my initial bias against Daria because of her rather suggestive attire and coy attitude, it seemed her skills were top-notch. Her main arsenal seemed to consist of conjuring spears of ice from the moisture in the air as well as creating explosions of wind around her enemies.
The long-range mage beside her only used fire magic, but had a wider variety of spells under his belt, from hurling spheres of fire to waves of scorching heat capable of melting the carallians’ tough hide. Both were precise with the strength and accuracy of their skills despite being encircled by a ring of defensive ascenders focused on protecting the two of them as well as the outer ring that fought to kill as many carallians as we could.
Spotting a carallian approaching, I kicked a corpse on the ground, hitting my target with it while shoulder tossing another carallian that tried to sneak up to my right. I gripped the dagger hooked to my finger and drove its blade through the struggling carallian’s eye before absorbing the remaining aether from its corpse.
Despite the added strength, speed, limbs, and spikes that protruded out of the carallians’ bodies, they carried more aether, which made fighting them actually easier for me.
Suddenly, a pained cry drew my attention. I turned to see Trider pressing down on his side with blood seeping through between his fingers. Simultaneously, his free arm was blocking the jaws of a carallian from biting down on him.
Damn it.
Turning back, I dashed to Trider, slashing the back of the carallian’s knees and stabbing the side of its throat in whirling succession.
The gauntlet-wielder looked at me with a dazed and puzzled expression. “Why...”
“We can’t get another gap in the outer circle,” I justified. “Stay alive.”
He was an Alacryan. Why did I care whether he lived or died?
I tried reasoning with myself that it would be hard for me to get through this convergence zone without their help, but I knew that wasn’t the case.

Perhaps I thought that the more I interacted with these ascenders, the more I could learn about these dungeons, or Relictombs—as they called it—and even more about Alacrya itself. And if I really did wind up in Alacrya after getting out of here, it made sense not to draw attention in the heart of a continent I was at war with.
But the more I thought about it, the more I began to think that I was regarding Trider and the rest of them less as my enemies and more as just people that wanted to get through this ordeal; the same as me.

I berated myself. Not willing to admit that I had feelings of anything but animosity towards these Alacryans. I wanted to hate these people, no—I needed to hate them. How else was I supposed to go back to Dicathen and fight a war against them?
‘Oy, Princess. Even if you don’t necessarily need them, getting their help and working together wouldn’t hurt.
You’re wrong, I sent back as I plunged my knife just below the jaw of a carallian. You have my memories of the war, Regis. These people are the ones that killed my father and Adam. And you want me to work together with them? Help them?
‘I know, but you don’t need to force yourself to think of these people as your enemies. They’re still just—’
“Shut up!” I roared aloud. They are my enemies. And no matter how sentient you are, you’re still just a weapon. Remember that.
Regis grew silent and the anger boiling in the pit of my stomach grew.
Cursing under my breath, I discarded the facade of a warrior struggling to stay alive and picked up my pace, fixating solely on the battle at hand. I used the carallians as dummies to test out different techniques to incorporate into my evolving aether-infused fighting style.
I concentrated on the feeling of cladding myself in aether. Feeling the fundamental differences from when I had once done the same with mana.
It was difficult to describe, but it was denser, yet more pliable and soft. So much so that the concentration needed to envelop my body in aether without it leaking or spreading. Concentrating on the proportions of aether to different body parts was also far greater than it had been when I had done the same with mana.
Yet, the differences in outcomes couldn’t be ignored. The power my body received as aether siphoned through my limbs felt as if the strengthened muscles were mine and the protective layer of aether was my thickened skin. It didn’t feel borrowed like when I strengthened myself using mana.
In retrospect, my inability to use elemental magic would’ve hit me much harder if it hadn’t been for my training with Kordri. Being taught to conserve mana and fighting with minimal movements and utmost efficiency while dealing the most possible damage served me better now than it had been all throughout the war after my training.

As I continued getting lost in the battle, I brought back the memories of my time with the bald asura—all the times he had killed me in the soul realm while teaching me how to fight. His movements were fluid yet sharp and the speed at which he was able to move was chilling. Add to that his King’s Intent that could literally squeeze the air out of a silver core mage’s lungs and I could see why he was respected even amongst the asuras.
Back then, he had taught me how to fight to the utmost limits of a human, but what about now? Could I reach the levels of Kordri with my new body and aether? Could I surpass him?
My mind stayed sharp as all of these thoughts raced through my mind, not caring how much time had passed. My mind was aware yet it blocked out everything but the enemies capable of hurting me. That was how I had been fighting since waking up in this hellhole. It had been eat or be eaten, and with my mana core shattered, I fought and trained on a daily basis not to be the latter.
The words I had spat at Regis threatened to resurface but I buried them by concentrating on the sounds of the battle—the crunch and grinding of rocks as they stomped the ground, the subtle whistle of the wind as the carallian’s swung their gangly limbs.
Ducking below the snapping jaws of a carallian, I knocked it off its feet with a low sweep kick. As it scrambled to get back up, I focused on another carallian barreling toward me.
Splitting aether between my back leg and the point of my elbow, I burst forth, pushing my supporting palm up against my fist to reinforce my strike. The sharp bones that protected the carallian’s torso shattered upon impact and my elbow dug into his midsection like a spearhead.
The carallian crumpled to the ground with its spine snapped. As it convulsed on the ground, I shifted my head to the left to avoid the carallian I had tripped. Two, well-placed stabs later and both carallians were added to my pile of corpses.
My eyes scanned for the next prey, and it was only when I couldn’t find anymore that I finally noticed that the sky had turned back to blue and that the corpses strewn around me were slowly fading.
Looking around, I saw several ascenders mixed in with the fading carallian corpses. Five ascenders had apparently died in this wave, a number that didn’t mean much to me, but I’m sure the teammates of the deceased didn’t feel the same way.
Daria and Trider were two of the seven left standing. Daria was in fairly good shape aside from a few cuts on her legs and tears in her robe. Trider was cradling the residual stub of his bleeding left arm, face placid while breathing heavily. Yet, both wore expressions that I couldn’t quite make out.
Was it fear? Anger? Both? It didn’t matter. These people were just as much my enemies as the carallians were. Whatever they decided to do, at the very least, I would be able to easily escape.
Regis remained quiet while I kept my body clad in aether and my grip tight around my dagger.
Despite my distracted state, decades of fighting and honing my instincts came into play in an instant as I felt, rather than saw, someone rapidly drawing near me.
Spinning on my heels, I grabbed my surprise attacker’s wrist, pressing the tip of my blade against...her throat?
I paused my attack for a split second out of surprise, and in that split second the hand holding my white dagger was grabbed by a large hand and I found myself face to face not only with Caera—whose wrist I had in my grasp—but also Taegen, who was grabbing my hand, and the swordsman, whose humming blade was aimed at my exposed side.
Rather than wavering at the sudden turn of events, I bristled in anger. “What is this?”
“Unhand her,” Taegen ordered as his thick fingers crushed down on my hand.
“She attacked me.” I responded calmly in a level tone but the aetheric pressure I emitted affected even Caera’s protectors as their expressions grew strained.
“I thought...I was imagining things,” Caera muttered, but she wasn’t talking to me. Her quivering red eyes were fixated on the white blade a few inches away from her throat.
“But I was right...” Caera’s eyes locked onto mine, her expression harsh. “Why do you have my brother’s blade?”





Chapter 268
Chapter 268: Trading Knowledge
Caera’s voice grew dangerously quiet as she regarded me with bloodshot eyes. “I asked you...why are you wielding my brother’s dagger.”
“Answer, Effeminate One,” Taegen insisted with a commanding voice.
I thought I heard Regis chortle in my head but it could’ve easily been one of the other ascenders around us. Either way, I was growing impatient with the situation around me. Despite the temporary reprieve I had felt from seeing other people in these desolate beast-filled ruins, it had quickly become more of a hassle than a comfort being with them.
“Would you like to test whether your blade is faster than mine, swordsman?” I challenged, turning to meet the brown-haired ascender’s eyes.
I felt Taegen trying to pry my hand away from Caera’s throat, but I kept my eyes planted on the swordsman, unflinching.
After a beat of hesitation, the swordsman dropped his sword and held up his hands. Taegen released his grip and reluctantly stepped back. Still, despite her position, Caera’s gaze never faltered as if she still expected an answer.
“I found it on one of the flo—zones I encountered before arriving here,” I answered.
Caera’s face was a motley of expressions; she somehow seemed afraid, happy, crestfallen, and hopeful all at the same time.
She opened her mouth to speak but hesitated, almost afraid at what she might hear.
My gaze flickered between Taegen and the swordsman. Their eyes told me they were still looking for an opportunity to strike, but I didn’t mind. It was obvious that both were prioritizing this Lady Caera’s safety over anything else.
Letting out a breath, I spoke. “I’ll tell you what I encountered in the zone where I found this dagger, and I’m even willing to part with it...but I want something in exchange.”
“We don’t carry money in the Relictombs and we’ve yet to find any accolades but once we leave, if you come—”
I shook my head, cutting her off. “I don’t need money or accolades. I just want some answers.”
***
The four of us walked away out of earshot of the other ascenders after I released my grip around Caera’s wrist and put the dagger back in its sheath.

“Shall we start?” I asked, calmly regarding the trio just a few feet away.
I could see Taegen’s body bristle, the striations in his muscles literally seeming to stiffen as he prepared for anything I might throw at them.
Letting out a sigh, I took a seat on the hard ground.
The swordsman’s eyes narrowed as he studied me. “You could’ve kept Lady Caera as hostage and simply forced answers from us. What keeps us from simply killing you now and taking what rightfully belongs to Highblood Denoir?”
“Arian, enough. We both have things we want from each other,” Caera said curtly.
If Alacryans referred to family as ‘blood’, then did ‘highblood’ mean that Caera was from nobility? It made sense considering that she had two highly capable guards more than willing to risk their lives for her.
“The three of you seem too noble to do something as backhanded as that unless...Lady Caera was in danger,” I said, giving them a knowing look. “Besides, I can assure you that killing me will by no means be ‘simple’.”
“We’ll answer your questions to the best of our ability,” Caera assured, lowering herself on the ground as well in a heel-sitting position. Even apart from her proper and refined swordplay, every bit of her movements and behavior spelled out the fact that she had very strict and proper training on behavior and etiquette.
I paused to think for a moment before speaking again. “I’ll ask a series of questions, some with answers that I already know and some that I genuinely want answers for—you will not know which is which. You can’t ask why I am asking the questions I ask, and if you don’t know it, simply say so.”
Taegen dropped to the ground with both his arms and legs crossed and glared at me. “Make haste, Effeminate One. We’re wasting our resting period before the next wave.”
This time, I definitely heard Regis chortle.
“How many more zones do we have to cross until we’re able to leave the Relictombs?” I asked.
“The number and difficulty varies depending on the ascender since the Relictombs adjust to the abilities of the ascenders within their respective zones,” Caera answered immediately.
“Then how are parties able to travel through zones together if everything changes depending on the individual ascender?”
“Simulets,” answered the swordsman simply.
I let out a sigh. “How do ‘simulets’ work?”
Caera took over again and answered. “If I recall correctly, a female caster offered one to you. Holding one synced with the rest of the simulets held by members of the team ensures that the gates that members cross leads to the same zone, although the difficulty is still determined by the strength of the ascenders present.”
I nodded before asking the next question. “Why do ascenders come into these Relictombs?”

Taegen shot up angrily. “Even unads know th—”
“Taegen.” Caera’s voice was sharp and it was enough to make the large muscle-clad mage promptly sit back on the ground with the rest of us.
“Only the strongest mages given the title of ‘ascender’ by your domain’s Scythe are allowed to explore the Relictombs. In turn, ascenders are able to gain treasures that would never be found on the surface, called accolades. Furthermore, if a relic of the ancient mages is found and given to your Scythe, it is said that the ascender will be taken to the mighty sovereigns themselves and be bestowed a powerful regalia,” Caera explained.

“Right, the Vritra,” I affirmed.
Caera’s eyes tightened into a sharp glare but didn’t say anything at my response.
I recalled some of my encounters with the Alacryans back in Dicathen. I couldn’t only ask these ‘basic’ questions. Thinking back to the noble Alacryan that I had questioned back in the Forest of Elshire, I asked, “How influential is...the Vale blood?”
Arian’s gaze turned inquisitive as he answered. “Blood Vale is one of the few military bloods in Etril, so compared to the other named bloods in a domain known mostly for its farms, they’re influential. But in terms of influence in Alacrya as a whole? They’re...nowhere near any of the true highbloods.”
The sudden mention of a specific family must’ve thrown them off because they began answering my following questions more seriously.
Despite the conditions I had set for this ‘questioning,’ I was limited in what I could ask in terms of learning more about Alacrya itself. Instead, I tried to learn more about the magic system that Agrona had devised in Alacrya. These questions didn’t seem to raise any flags to the three since I had some basic knowledge from my questioning of Steffen Vale.
Interestingly enough, their ‘mark-based system’, as I so casually dubbed, was largely a mystery to the Alacryans as well. Because of the awakening process that all children went through in order to become a mage, the Alacryans thought that magic was given to them by the Vritra themselves, or ‘the sovereigns’. Thus, nonmages or ‘unads’, which seemed to be the widely-accept slang for unadorned, were widely discriminated against since they weren’t ‘blessed’ by the sovereigns.
Just like Caera was afraid of hearing what happened to her brother, I was afraid to hear the answer to this next question.
Taking a breath, I asked, “What was the last news you’ve heard about the war going on with Dicathen and...how much time has passed since then?”
“The latest news that was delivered to my estate right before we prepared for our ascent was that Scythe Cadell had managed to conquer the Dicathian’s sacred flying castle,” Caera answered with a hint of pride. “So taking into account the time flow within the Relictombs, I’d say it has been almost two weeks since then.”
Almost two weeks. It hadn’t been more than a week at most since I escaped the Castle with Sylvie, Virion and Bairon and I fought against Cadell and Nico. I had hoped for time to work differently within the Relictombs because of the abundance of aether in here, but I couldn’t help but feel relieved knowing that despite everything I had gone through, not much time had passed.
“Do you worry for a member of your blood out in the war, Effeminate One?” Taegen asked. “It is a shame that an ascender’s exemption from the war does not extend to their blood members, but know that it is an honor for them to serve.”
I was a little taken aback by Taegen’s words, but responded with a nod.
Silence lingered for a time before I eventually stood up.

“Last questions,” I said. “How far is the power source from here?”
“It’s about another day’s worth at the pace we’ve been moving, and that’s not including the time it’d take to fight another wave or two.” Arian frowned, staring up at me with an utterly serious expression. “You’re not planning on going off alone, are you?”
“I’ve wasted enough time in this zone,” I replied curtly.
“The effect your presence has in this zone speaks for your strength, Effeminate One,” Taegen said as he stood up as well. “But even if you manage to survive the next wave by yourself, it’ll be impossible for you to fight the guardian protecting the power source alone.”
I tilted my head. “You know...the more you speak, the more I realize you’re not the meathead I thought you first were.”
A vein in Taegen’s forehead literally popped out at my comment but Arian responded with a stifled laugh. “Taegen indeed gets that a lot. It doesn’t help that his temper is shorter than a husked boarling with its behind on fire.”
I watched as Taegen stomped down on his comrade while Arian casually dodged the attempts.
Turning back to Caera, I tossed her the dagger. “A deal is a deal.”
Her lips curled up into a smile for a split second as she squeezed the dagger tightly before looking at me seriously. “What about my brother?”
“I didn’t see your brother in that zone. However, there was a beast in there both large and powerful enough to eat ascenders whole, and judging by the pile of human-sized equipment left in its lair where I found that dagger and this cloak...” I let the sentence trail off, not having the heart to finish.
Her expression remained calm despite the news—almost serene—but it was easy to see the emotions she was holding back. Her trembling hands gripped her brother’s dagger with such strength that her pale fingers had grown several shades lighter.
I stared out into the distance where the power source would most likely be once the sky turned red again. As I prepared to leave, however, a voice shouted at me from a distance.
It was Daria running toward us with most of the other ascenders behind her. Even from here, I could tell that the expression on their faces spelled out trouble.
“I knew it. You’re thinking about going off on your own,” she huffed, her thin brows furrowed together.
I responded calmly. “Is that a problem?”
“Don’t you have any sense of responsibility? Because of your presence, the carallians have been augmented to such a degree that five of us died in that last wave! That’s unprecedented in convergence zones!”
Caera stood up, storing the dagger in a dimension ring. “Even if he leaves, a part of the wave will follow after him and if he dies, the carallians will revert back to their previous form. Where exactly does the problem lie?”
“H-He should take responsibility and stay here to protect the rest of us until we get out of this zone!” Daria sputtered, her cheeks red in anger.
A few of the ascenders behind her nodded in agreement. The only one that didn’t think the same was Trider, who was just idly kicking a loose clump of dirt on the ground.
I looked back at Caera, who remained unfazed as she responded. “Don’t you mean, he should stay here and protect you?”
Daria let out a scoff before she whipped her gaze to me. “So this is why you didn’t accept my offer. I didn’t realize you were a dog of the Denoirs.”
“Careful, Miss Lendhert,” Arian said as he finally got up, patting the dust off his matte armor. “While exploiting your blood name is frowned upon in the Relictombs, everyone here should know that Lady Caera doesn’t take lightly to insults and Denoirs are rather known for settling scores.”
“Enough. I plan to reach the power source before the wave begins.” The dirt beneath my feet picked up as I cycled aether through my limbs. The expressions on the ascenders told me that they all felt the change in the air. “Anyone who can keep up is free to follow me.”





Chapter 269
Chapter 269: More Than a Weapon
I dug my heels, the barren earth splintering from the pressure as I prepared for the long sprint.
“Wait!” a familiar honeyed voice called out from behind.
I looked back over my shoulder, locking eyes with the brown-haired caster that wanted me to join her team. “What is it?”
Daria flinched under my gaze but steeled herself and glared back at me. “Assuming that everyone here follows you, by the time we reach the power source, most of our mana will be too drained to face the guardian.”
Impatience bubbled as I counted the wasted seconds spent talking any further. “So?”
“You don’t seriously think you’re strong enough to take on the guardian by yourself after sprinting a marathon, do you?” Daria snapped, stomping toward me. “You’re going to need all of our help. Hell, even if you see all of us as dead weight, at least you’ll need to be at full strength, right?”
“Just get to your point.”
Her brows furrowed and she opened her mouth to talk back but stopped herself. “To be honest, I have no confidence in being able to get past whatever monstrosity is waiting for us after fighting against the last carallian wave.”
Daria turned around to face the rest of the ascenders listening in.
“Therefore, I have a proposition, but I’ll only do it if he accepts,” she said while pointing back at me. “I have a way that allows all of us to travel while the burden of mana usage falls solely on Orid and myself. We will get everyone there in top condition at the fastest possible speed only if our safety is prioritized.”
Immediately, a few ascenders started protesting until I finally spoke up.
“I agree.”
Judging by how many of the ascenders were willing to tail behind me, my usage of aether would be limited. And with my only weapon gone, it was safe to assume that this final stretch was going to be a drawn out battle.
Daria whipped her head around, her large eyes glimmering as she smiled. “Great!”
I honestly didn’t know what to expect. Daria had seemed like a capable mage and even if Alacryan mages weren’t very flexible with their elemental manipulation, I had hoped for something...more.

Instead, I seemed to be staring at what looked to be a large...sled...made entirely of ice. At the center was a large tarp hanging off a tentpole as a makeshift mast.
“You expect all of us to ride this?” Taegen asked, towering over the ice sled.
“I’ve condensed the ice several times so it’s sturdier than it looks. I got the overall structure shape from the oceanriders and I’ve tested it several times myself,” said Daria with a hint of pride.
Everyone waited for me to get on the sled first while Daria stood on top of the ice vehicle, expectations high as I walked toward her.
Placing my hand on the surface of the ice, I pushed down with adequate force in order to make sure it could also hold my weight.
“Are you seriously questioning the integrity of my spell right now?” fumed Daria as she threw back her mage robe, letting the luxurious cloth slide down her exposed back to reveal a series of tattoos. “I have four crests and two emblems, you jerk!”
I climbed atop the panel of ice, facing my back to her. “We’ve wasted a lot of time. Let’s move.”
One by one, the rest of the seven ascenders aside from Daria and myself began boarding the large sled until we were all squeezed together and holding onto the railings that Daria had so helpfully conjured.
I was skeptical that she would be able to get the sled moving, but with an updraft taking some of the weight off of the sled and a gust directed at the mast, the eight of us began sailing over the barren dirt plains.
Cool winds brushed past my cheeks as we began accelerating. Despite the weight of nine fully grown adults—ten, because Taegen counted as nearly two people—the oversized sled never faltered or showed signs of breaking. I couldn’t help but be impressed at Daria for continuously managing three spells in order to keep the sled moving.
She used two wind spells for movement while her feet, clad in ice, that anchored her to the sled to keep from pushing herself off, and an ice spell to keep the ice sled from melting or degrading as it slid over the dirt.
Daria’s remaining teammate, Orid, used his earth magic to steer us and smooth particularly uneven parts of the ground that could potentially damage the sled.
After about thirty minutes of travelling, the rest of the ascenders had grown confident enough in Daria that they began to relax and actually enjoy the ride.
I was sitting in the back of the sled, leaning forward against the rear railing that Daria had conjured and simply stared out mindlessly at the vast expanse of unimpressive dirt and the clear blue skies. I had long since accepted the fact that I was looking up at a sky within an ancient ruin that was supposed to be deep underground. With everything that had been going on since waking up here and becoming more acclimated toward aether as I grew stronger, I had long since accepted that the realm of what was achievable using this godly power was far beyond what mana could do.
Growing bored of the bland scenery, I turned around. Aside from Daria and Orid, who were concentrating on keeping us moving, the rest of the ascenders were doing their own things. It seemed that Caera’s group seemed to be the only group left unscathed by the last wave.
The ascender named Keir, who wielded a quarterstaff and controlled motes of electricity to defend and attack, was polishing his weapon, using a thin cloth to dig out the grime that had accumulated in the engravings of his wooden staff.
Trider had his eyes closed, leaning back against the railing with his arms folded and legs crossed while another ascender was reapplyieding bandages around his left leg.
My eyes continued to wander until they landed on Caera, who was sitting near the front left side of the sled. Arian satwas besidenext to her while Taegen had situatedwas by himself alone on the other side, most likely to keep the sled balanced.

Arian was meditating and while I wasn’t able to feel mana anymore, the pressure he gave off was enough evidence. Caera, on the other hand, was staring at the white dagger in her hand, still in its sheath. Her expression looked almost indifferent as shewhile gazeding down at the weapon, as if she was studying it.
Suddenly, a tear rolled down her cheek. She immediately wiped it with the back of her hand before suspiciously peeking around to see if anyone saw.

Her eyes locked with mine and for a split second, I saw a flash of embarrassment pass through her face as she quickly turned away.
Clearing my throat, I turned around to face the back once more, resting my arms on the cold railing. I tried to find more things to do to keep myself occupied, not willing to address the issue at hand until I finally caved.
Regis, I sent. Are you still not talking to me?
Silence hung in the air as I waited for a response. When none came even after several minutes had passed, I let out a sigh and continued to convey my thoughts, hoping that Regis was listening.
As if I was reading out of my own diary, I conveyed to Regis that, despite having more than an entire lifetime, my ability to properly express and communicate my emotions was passable on a good day. In battle, with just me and my sword, that didn’t matter. I didn’t have to communicate or convey my thoughts in a tactful manner like some sort of neatly wrapped box to the receiving party. No, my swords were weapons—tools that I could utilize and take full advantage of in order to win a battle.
However, Regis was a weapon with sentience and a bigger personality than myself. He was less a weapon and more a companion that I truly relied on for some semblance of human interaction. I tried to shove him into that cookie-cutter role that I had made for weapons, but that quickly failed as he became more and more of a friend to me...like Sylvie had been.
Regis’s timing alone had made it hard for me not to compare him to Sylvie, who had sacrificed herself so I could still be standing here now. A large part of why I wanted to get stronger was in the hopes of bringing back Sylvie from her comatose state, but every dumb conversation and meaningless quibble with Regis I had, I grew scared of even the possibility that Sylvie may feel replaced once she caomes back.
But you know what I’m afraid of the most? Even though I have the body of an asura and the ability to manipulate aether in a way that not even the Indrath Clan can, I’m afraid of growing close to you.
I paused, realizing that I had subconsciously placed my hand on the pouch carrying Sylvie’s stone.
I’ve lost a lot, Regis. Adam, my father, Sylvie, and even Dawn’s Ballad. My mother, sister, Tessia, Virion—, they’re all back in Dicathen and I have no clue how to return, or even how they’re doing back. Worst case, the Alacryans have found the bunker and they’ve all been captured...or killed. Not to be overdramatic but it feels like the closer I become to someone, the harder it is for me to protect them.
I cracked a wry smile. I’m beginning to remember more and more why I became the person who I was back in my previous life... and it’s why I needed to just think of you as a weapon, Regis. Because it’s easier for me that way, in case I lose you too.
I waited and hoped for a response that never came.
Instead, what greeted me was the shifting color of our surroundings. As if the very sky had been marred, crimson seeped and spread above us, covering the once blue expanse. The very air seemed thinner as well and the tension that blanketed over us felt almost tangible. I could tell this wave was going to be different.
“The wave is here,” Taegen said, standing up.

“We’re not going to stop so hold on!” Daria declared, casting a stronger gust of wind at the mast.
The sled sped through the dirt field as cracks began branching and splitting apart ahead. Fortunately, the obsidian structure standing even taller than castle watchtowers, stood only a few miles away, the shimmering red sphere perched at its peak.
These last few miles, however, would undoubtedly be the hardest. Carallians were already emerging by the dozens from the ground ahead.
“Shields, prepare to clear a path for us. We need to reach the tower before the guardian appears!” Arian barked.
Orid stopped focusing on the path ahead and instead, conjured slabs of earth that began rotating around us.
The ride immediately turned rocky without Orid, but we clung on to the railing while Keir summoned his orbs of electricity as well.
“Let me take over the mast,” Trider called out, hobbling toward Daria. “You’ll have to maintain the updraft steady but you’re the only caster left. Help the shields.”
After a beat of hesitation, Daria nodded, releasing the bindings of ice anchoring her to the sled.
Daria, sweating and pale, gave me a knowing glance and I nodded at her. A deal was a deal.
Trider immediately got to work, summoning bracers of wind. He pushed out with his fists aimed at the mast as soon as Daria bound his feet to the sled.
Daria, free from her most strenuous obligation, called forth bursts of wind powerful enough to knock the enlarged carallians out of the way. The ones that she missed were either pushed aside by one of the panels of compressed earth or stunned by the orbs of electricity hovering around us.
Something was wrong. There was no proof that something was wrong, but my body felt it. And judging by how anxious Taegen looked, his face in a fierce scowl and his gaze darting left and right—as if searching for something—I knew I wasn’t the only one.
The earth suddenly trembled, causing Keir to lose balance and let go of his spell.
“W-What’s going on?” he shouted, trying to scramble back to his feet.
The earth shook once more, even stronger this time, followed by a bloodcurdling roar that reverberated from the very ground beneath.
My hair stood on end and a familiar voice affirmed the very action I was about to take.
‘Get out of here, Arthur!’ Regis shouted, a wave of fear spreading from my companion onto me.
But the ground rose and I felt a rush of vertigo as the entire sled rose closer and closer toward the red sky.
Keir, who had been trying to get back to his feet, was thrown fromoff of the edge of the sled and knocked unconscious by one of the panels of earth circling around us.
His body quickly receded from view as he fell off the edge of the rising ground carrying us higher and higher.
Another beastial roar resounded, unmuffled this time and loud enough to make me dizzy, followed by a silhouette of something both large and tall enough to be able to eclipse the majority of the sky.
Then, it looked at us. The tower that had cast a massive shadow over us was, in fact, a long serpentine neck.
Resting on the top of the neck that stretched over ten stories high was the leathery head of a bat with a disproportionately large mouth and two piercing purple eyes...each larger than a carriage, and boring down directly at us.





Chapter 270
Chapter 270: Descent
Despite the initial shock that had overcome everyone left on the sled as the colossal monster loomed over us, it didn’t take long for the ascenders to snap back to reality. However, thanks to Regis’ second warning, I was the only one able to react in time to fully dodge the wide tip of the beast’s tail. Everyone else had been too focused on its grotesque face.
Time seemed to slow as I watched the chain of events unfold after barely jumping out of the way. The beast’s leathery tail snapped down, crushing the sled like a twig. Taegen had somehow barely reacted in time to push Caera out of the way, only to get crushed alongside Trider underneath the large tail. The shockwave of force generated by the impact scattered the rest of us who weren’t directly in its range.
‘Let’s go!’ Regis urged.
But my eyes shifted between Daria and Caera, both unconscious, and both falling off the risen earth that I largely suspected was the body of this titanic beast.
Regis. Get Daria, I sent with a pleading tone.
A surge of emotions rose only to fizzle out as my companion let out a groan. Despite the situation, a smile crept up on my face as I watched Regis leap out of my body, his shadowy wolf form bolting toward the unconscious Daria.
Meanwhile, I released the limiter that I had imposed on myself, bursting forth in a shroud of aether as my eyes took in the situation at hand.
Daria’s teammate was nowhere to be seen while a pool of blood spread from underneath the leathery tail. Arian, however, had managed to avoid being completely thrown off by hanging onto his glowing sword embedded on the side of the titan’s body, his face bloody and his free arm bent at an impossible angle.
I cleared the distance between me and the falling Caera, her face lost in a curtain of navy hair. I barely managed to grab her ankle as I hung off the cliff of the risen earth, more annoyed at myself than I was with the situation.
How many more options would I have had if I was able to use mana? I could’ve flown safely out of harm’s way, hell—I could’ve avoided this altogether.
Before I could even pull Caera and myself back up, however, I looked up to see the titan’s violet eyes glaring down at me. And swirling within his unhinged jaw was a massive sphere of silvery mana aimed straight at us.
I could feel my heart pound against my chest as I considered my options. Could I pull us up and run fast enough to dodge the attack? What would the width of the blast be? Would I be able to dodge it if I let Caera go? Or should I jump down the steep body of the beast onto solid land?
Cursing under my breath, I threw Caera over the edge of the cliff and pulled myself up just as the titan released its breath attack.
Caera stirred awake after landing on the ground, utterly confused as to why I had suddenly scooped her up and slung her over my shoulder.
“W-What is the meaning of—” Her words fell short as a bright white light bathed the surrounding area.
I looked back to see the mana blast disintegrate everything in its path as it let out a shrill hum.
“Can you run?” I asked as we passed the broken sled. I noticed that while Trider’s remains could be seen in the bloody pool where the beast’s tail had struck, I couldn’t see any sign of Taegen.
“No. My left ankle seems fractured at least,” she stated matter-of-factly.
The destructive beam of pure mana continued to chase after us as I continued sprinting on the broken surface of the raised ground resting on top of its body. “Then do something. Otherwise, I’m better off letting you go.”

I could feel Caera subconsciously tighten her grip around me at my words, but she remained silent as we neared the far end of the rocky platform.
“I don’t—” the red-eyed ascender let out a scared yelp as I loosened my grip around her, threatening to leave her.
I knew as I watched her fight in the previous waves that she was hiding something. Along with the fact that she had two very competent bodyguards eager to sacrifice themselves for her, saving her hadn’t been out of the kindness of my heart.
“Okay!” she relented, her mana-infused nails digging into my skin as she clung on for her life. “Just keep running.”
“There’s nowhere to run!” I retorted, the cliff edge drawing closer. Caera stayed silent though as I felt an ominous power building within her that I hadn’t felt before.
Trusting her, I navigated away from the approaching blast of destruction as the diminishing ground became more unstable. Reaching the far edge of the raised ground atop this monstrosity, I concentrated all my aether into my legs and back and pushed off with all my strength.
Without wind magic to redirect the air resistance, I could only grit my teeth and endure the thick wall of wind pushing back against our bodies as we sailed high through the air.
As the menacing power began to grow stronger around Caera, who was still slung over my shoulder, I looked back at the guardian that had erected from the ground right below us.
I thought that literally standing on the gigantic beast and seeing it up close would’ve prepared me for the sight, but I was wrong.
Despite all of the mana beasts I had encountered and fought over the years in Dicathen, it took me several moments to be able to begin fathoming this creature as a single entity—my brain just didn’t want to believe that there could be something this big.
The creature was about as tall as the tower holding the power source, but it looked miniscule in comparison to the overall length and girth of the beast.
From this far away, the colossal monster reminded me of an enormous dragon missing its wings. Both its long tail and neck were attached to a leathery torso that could be mistaken for a small mountain from up close. Supporting its weight were six legs, each as thick as its neck.
“Caera!” I roared as the shimmering beam still erupting from the colossal beast’s mouth rose up in its path as we began descending.
At the height we had jumped from and the speed of our descent, I had no confidence in surviving the impact from the fall let alone the beast’s breath attack steadily approaching us.
Twisting my body midair, I turned to face the monster as I began concentrating all of my aether into the palm of my right hand. I knew the beam of pure aether that I had learned in the glowing platform zone wouldn’t be enough to counter the beast’s attack but I had little choice. Caera remained completely still and silent as she hung over my shoulder.
Just as the two of us were about to be swept into the destructive tidal surge of mana and just as I was about to release my own attack, Caera wriggled around in my grasp. She hooked one arm around my neck to keep herself stable as she withdrew her curved sword from a dimension item.
I stopped my attack just in time to witness an all-too-familiar flaming black aura wrap over the crimson blade as she swung down.
Her once-red blade extended into a flaming black crescent that cut through the shining white cone of destruction, severing and creating a path just wide enough for us to fall through before the black flame whittled away. Judging by how the path of the monster’s attack continued up, I could tell that it would be hard for him to change its direction back toward us.
Caera slumped, her left arm still slung around my neck as she put away her sword.
“I won’t be able to do that again,” she said, her voice barely heard over the rush of wind.
There were so many thoughts and questions that rushed through my head as I tried to make heads or tails out of this situation, but I forced myself to put that aside for now and focus on getting out alive.

Regis, where are you? I asked.
‘I got Daria and used the guardian’s tail to get down to the ground, but I don’t think I can make it to you in time!’

The plan to use gauntlet form to mitigate some of the impact from falling wouldn’t work.
There was no other choice but to use the aetheric beam. While using it to counter the monster’s breath attack was a fool’s hope, using the force of the blast might just be enough to stunt the speed of our fall enough so that the impact wouldn’t kill us both.
Of course, using it could also mean draining all of my aether reserves and dying since Regis wasn’t close enough to get here in time...
Pushing aside the doubt clouding my mind, I focused on the aether art.
It seemed like Caera caught on that I was about to do something since she clung to me even tighter.
My aether reserves had somewhat increased since my first two attempts at the aetheric beam, but because of the repercussions it caused and being in such a dangerous zone, I had no opportunities to test the attack again.
Letting out a deep breath that got lost in the wind, I concentrated a majority of my aether into fortifying my arms, shoulders, chest and spine so that my body could withstand the burden.
I could see the rune-like marks of purple extend out from my palms and spread through my fingers.
Aiming both my palms down at the ground, shoulder-width apart, as we plummeted closer toward the ground, I waited until I was close enough.
Finally, just fifty feet above the ground, I unleashed the aetheric beam.
A deep roar resounded as the torrent of violet flames erupted from my palms and into the ground. I immediately felt my arms, shoulders and back protest but I held firm.
The platform that had first allowed me to unlock this ability had naturally forced out the aether from my body. Now that I was no longer impacted by that effect, the control I had over how much aether to put out was much greater.
My fingers forced the aetheric blast to remain focused forward rather than exploding out. Even with my body strengthened by aether, I knew that my arms had already begun to fracture and my aether reserves were depleting at a terrifying pace.
Still, I could feel us slowing down, and it was only as I began decreasing the output of aether and the noise that it caused grew quieter that I realized Caera was screaming as she held onto me like a baby koala.
“Brace yourself for impact!”I roared as I turned to face the sky, making sure that I’d be the one to land first as we crashed into the ground while cladding both of us in as much aether I could afford.
By the time I came to, I knew that I hadn’t been unconscious for that long by the clouds, dirt and dust still rising from the crater I had impacted.
My body felt like it had been ripped apart, seared back together, and then ripped apart again, no one part hurting more than the other. It took all of my mental fortitude to keep from passing out again, but at least Caera had fared better.
She was still unconscious but she had been able to use the rest of her mana to protect her body from fatal harm.

I could feel the little reserves left of my aether core already repairing my body, but I couldn’t calm down.
The ground shuddered beneath me, growing stronger with each deep thud that echoed in the distance. I had a feeling that it was the guardian approaching us.
“Arthur!” a husky voice growled from the edge of the crater. It was Regis with Daria riding on his back.
“Regis,” I gurgled before coughing out a mouthful of blood.
Daria gasped as she unmounted from Regis. “Merciful Vritra, how is he still alive?”
The two of them ran toward me and before either Regis and I could do anything, Daria had formed a glass vial from her dimension ring and held it against my mouth.
“Drink this,” Daria said as she leaned in closer and raised my head. “An emblem instiller made this. It uses the mana in your body to heal your wounds.”
“Can’t,” I managed to choke out. “Won’t...work.”
Her thin brows furrowed in confusion before a look of realization washed over her. “Oh, you can’t.”
Relieved that she understood, my eyes closed.
Regis, I need some of your aether if I’m going to be able to—
My thoughts were interrupted by a soft sensation pressing against my lips before a lukewarm liquid entered my mouth. My eyes shot open to see Daria’s mouth locked against mine, her eyes shut and cheeks red.
Without the strength to even lift my arms at this point and my attempts to twist my face away futile as she held my head in place, I was forced to swallow whatever contents were in that vial.
Daria finally pulled away, her composure losing away to her crimson face. “I-I had no choice since you didn’t have the strength to drink.”
Bursts of pain exploded with each cough that I forced out. “Y-You...the vial wouldn’t...”
“As my master is so eloquently trying to explain, it wasn’t that he couldn’t drink the elixir that you so generously mouth-fed him, but that it wouldn’t work on him,” Regis explained with an annoyingly amused expression.
Daria remained befuddled as I shot the black and purple wolf the most piercingly cold glare that I could muster. A snarky grin remained plastered on his canine maw as he dove into my body.
A cool rush of energy spread from my core and I could feel my body recovering.
‘You get a free kiss along with my recovery services. I’d say you owe me,’ Regis snickered.
Bite me, I responded sharply, but it felt good to be annoyed by him again.
With the help of Regis, I was able to recover enough to get back on my feet just as the earth shook once more.
‘Don’t you die on me, Princess,’ Regis sent, his voice weak.
Rest up, buddy, I said, just barely managing to push myself up to my feet. Taking a glance down at Caera—whose injuries had gotten much better after Daria fed her another elixir—I reached down.
Unclasping the buckle that held the leather sheath and dagger by her waist, I strapped it on before climbing up the edge of the crater. “Keep her safe. I have some questions I need to ask her.”
“Where are you going?” Daria asked. “You’re not thinking of actually fighting that thing, right?”
“No,” I responded. “I’m thinking of killing it.”





Chapter 271
Chapter 271: Back to the Basics
My vision focused on the towering figure as I approached the ensuing battle. There were two ascenders fighting against it, and from this distance, they looked more like fanged mice scurrying desperately around a giant orc. I knew without looking who the two were—Taegen and Arian were the only ones capable of staying alive and keeping the titan occupied for this long.
I rushed toward the colossal guardian, tearing divots into the barren ground as I gained speed. My hand gripped tightly around the curved handle of the white dagger; compared to the size of the monster I would be facing, this dagger couldn’t even serve as its toothpick, but having it in my hand filled me with the confidence I needed.
Expending most of my reserves on controlling the aetheric blast had almost the same benefit as going through the three stages of refining my core and aether channels—albeit with the added risk of death.
I could feel the complex, minute differences in the way the aether flowed through my body.
Using aether for the first time after forging my new core had felt like I was trying to regulate the direction and speed of the aether’s flow using a kitchen strainer. Now, however, I felt like I had a proper floodgate installed while the aqueducts leading to various points throughout my body were slowly being tunneled and constructed.
I was physically stronger and sturdier than ever before but I knew it wasn’t enough to face off against the Scythes just yet.
My entire arsenal had been taken from me and I was given a single, ethereal weapon. I finally had begun to learn how to wield it. Now, to make up for the versatility that I had lost in mana, I needed to be able to wield aether at a level far above not only the Indrath Clan, but also the ancient mages.
The first one to notice my presence was the colossal beast. Its bat-like face whipped toward me and let out a furious shriek that shook the ground.
As I coalesced aether to my legs, accelerating to meet the beast head on, I was surprised by how much more naturally the action came. Everything but the beast’s shoveled face became a blur as I clad aether around the dagger.
I leaped from the ground, spinning to gain momentum for my attack. Even the beast wasn’t prepared for the sudden increase in my speed as it tried to pull its head back up.
It wasn’t fast enough.
The dagger held in my hand, blade down, turned to a shimmering streak of white and purple as it pierced through the side of its nose. And while my weapon was barely a fraction of its size, the impact was anything but.
The sound of thunder erupted from the impact, sending shockwaves of force so strong that it was almost visible. Its head whipped to the side, staggering the beast long enough for Arian to charge up and unleash a flurry of golden crescents. Taegen, whose body was adorned in an intricate earthen armor, launched a devastating strike nearly as loud as my own using mace.
Both Arian and Taegen had focused on the legs that were carrying the brunt of the beast’s weight after my attack had hit.
The barrage of golden arcs and the ear-shattering mace strike were barely able to draw blood but they were enough to sweep the beast’s legs from right under its body.
With an enraged roar, the titan crashed on its side, shattering the ground and sending tremors that nearly fell the very tower it was trying to protect.
Both Taegen and Arian had to fall back immediately after it launched its attack—just the weight of the titan’s body alone would be enough to crush even the most powerful mages.
“Effeminate One! Is Lady Caera safe?” Taegen yelled out as soon as he and Arian retreated to a safe distance.
“She’s recovering at a safe distance with Daria!” I shouted back, my gaze fixed on the giant beast trying to get back up to its feet.
“Looks like we’re in your debt,” Arian replied, his voice quiet but oddly clear despite his distance and the noise coming from the titan.

Judging by the powerful vibrations that pulsated from his sword and those golden crescents, it seemed that his magic stemmed around specific subsets of wind and gravity affinities.
Taegen, on the other hand, surprised me even more, as his magic didn’t stop at just the earthen armor. Every step he took seemed to manipulate not only his own armor but the earth around him. Even as he swung his mace, chunks of the ground would envelop his weapon, molding around it to form a larger mace.
I didn’t waste the opportunity either, landing several more attacks at its face in order to keep it from getting back up for as long as possible.
Despite its colossal size, however, the beast was surprisingly deft. It was able to recover by pushing off the ground with its long tail. As soon as it was back up on all six of its feet, it whirled both its neck and tail like a whip, hollowing out chunks of the ground where it passed and launching shards of earth all around it in an attempt to keep us at a distance.
I weaved through the chunks of earth the size of carriages hailing down in an attempt to stay within striking range. With my aether core still in the middle of replenishing its reserves, I couldn’t risk using aether blast.
The problem was that the beast was so large that no amount of stabbing or hitting was going to do any significant damage unless I found a weak spot—if one even existed.
A loud crash resounded amidst the ensuing chaos and the beast buckled for a moment before it whipped its tail. Taegen, completely clad in stone armor that made him look more like a golem than a human, had tackled the beast.
And almost immediately, he was smacked away like a dung fly. He crashed like a meteor into the ground and was immediately buried within a thick cloud of dust and debris. It had been ingrained in me to always keep the entire battlefield within my view, storing everything happening around me in my head even if I couldn’t immediately act on it.
Reaching its front left leg where Arian had previously launched his attack, I was able to see some deep gashes on its three-story-high leg. I would have to focus on those.
I kicked off the ground and plunged my dagger, and the aether surrounding it, into a particularly deep gash that Arian had made.
Pinkish blood spilled everywhere, covering me almost entirely. A giant shadow suddenly enveloped me as the beast’s head fast approached.
Prying the dagger from its flesh, I prepared to meet it head on until a swirling sphere of mana struck the side of the beast.
Arian was several yards away, his body giving off a tremendous aura as the beast turned to face him.
The swordsman’s expression darkened as he prepared to face off against the colossal monster, when an idea came to mind.
“How much stronger of an attack can you launch?” I yelled. The beast kept its head high, keeping both of us in its field of view...as if it was trying to decide which one to kill first.
“Perhaps five times the strength, but I would need more time to prepare,” Arian answered, his voice as clear as if he was standing right beside me. “Why do you ask?”
“You’ll have to trust me on this!” I shouted back before turning my attention back to the beast.
I turned into a flurry of blades, dancing within its six giant legs as I carved gashes and dodged, then carved gashes into those gashes in an attempt to keep the colossal beast’s attention solely on me.
The earth shook with each step it took and I would have to dodge the blurring tail every once in a while as it attempted to strike me from right under it.
All my focus was spent actively limiting my output of aether, controlling it as efficiently as I could in preparation of the perfect time.
“I’m ready,” Arian said from afar, his figure no larger than a white crow from where I was.
A flash of gold suddenly filled my vision a second before a deafening explosion thundered through the air.

Arian had unleashed a giant blast of cutting force directly at the beast, enveloping its entire head in the bright golden surge of light.
I leaned forward, crossing my arms in front of me to keep from getting blown away by the attack.
It wasn’t just Caera. They were also hiding their strength while in the convergence zone.

Despite the dire situation we were in, I couldn’t help but think to myself how little of a chance Dicathen truly had in winning the war. Had Arian, Taegen and the ascenders all joined their people to fight against us, the war would’ve been over much faster.
The beast’s head whipped back on its long neck as the force from Arian’s attack. And while the beast was disgruntled and in pain, it focused its attention back on me.
I needed its attention focused elsewhere, and the beast itself mad enough to use its breath attack again, but it seemed like it was either smarter than I had given credit, or too wary of the aether that I gave off.
As I looked for an opening to deepen a wound that I had repeatedly afflicted, the beast suddenly began stamping all of its feet at the ground.
Dust rose, covering my vision of the beast’s legs and the full force of the tail that struck me from behind moments later.
The world turned white as the blinding pain spread throughout my body, and by the time I came to, I was on the ground, several dozens of yards away from the beast.
I pushed myself up, a groan escaping from my throat. My vision blurred and the world seemed to be tilting a bit, but overall, I was fine.
‘Still barely a scratch on Mr. Big-and-nasty, huh,’ Regis chimed.
“You’re awake,” I managed to say before letting out a cough. “Can you help?”
‘No. I haven’t been absorbing aether from your body like I usually do in order to heal since I knew you’d be fighting,’ Regis replied.
“Damn.”
‘There is one alternative, though,’ Regis mentioned.
My brows furrowed as I continued watching the beast fight Arian as well as Taegen, who had managed to return to the battle. “What is it?”
‘Using the Destruction Rune,’ Regis answered after a beat of hesitation. ‘Just your aether reserves should be enough.’
Anger and fear rose up in me as I answered. “No.”
For once, Regis didn’t push me. He remained quiet as I let the last aches and kinks in my body heal. I wanted to use the Destruction Rune more than anyone, but the last attempt led me to stabbing myself to keep from descending into a state of madness—and I had barely used its powers.
There was also the added problem of witnesses. Both Arian and Taegen would see, and even if Caera was able to use the corrupt flames, I’m sure a purple flame capable of destroying a nine-story-high beast would raise some questions.
As I returned to the battlefield, a low thrum sounded from the beast—more specifically, its mouth.

It was going to use its breath attack again!
Arian had retreated to a safe distance, drinking several vials of elixirs in an attempt to recover. Meanwhile, the beast focused on Taegen, whose giant stone-clad hands were scooping up giant pieces of earth, condensing and launching them at its legs where I had injured it.
Its fang-lined maw was spread even wider than before and I could feel the fluctuations in the air. Even without the ability to sense mana, I knew what would soon be coming.
I needed to get below the beast’s head, now.
Except, the only non elemental I could use was one that I had only tried with mana. Back then, my body couldn’t withstand the burden of it, but even if it could now, I wasn’t able to manipulate mana.
Taking a sharp breath, I focused internally on the state of my body as I continued sprinting toward the beast. I tried to feel every muscle in my leg, back, hip, and core move in a predetermined manner in a set order, pushing my body to move a certain way.
I wanted to enhance every step of this process, imbuing power into each and every micromovement of muscles, tendons, and joints in order to far surpass the limits of even asuras.
I wanted to use Burst Step.
Derived from the pantheons’ use of a single explosive step, the Burst Step I had developed, merging the fundamental theory of mana manipulation along with my knowledge of the human anatomy, was going from a standstill position to an explosive dash in a single instant—almost to the point where, to the unsuspecting eye, the body would look almost pulled at high speeds by a higher force.
Albeit still linear and incomplete, I had surpassed the original technique of the pantheons with Burst Step. The real question at this moment was, could I replicate or even go beyond my initial success while using aether?
With my newly formed passages within my body, I timed the strength, location and flow of aether, at least trying to replicate the explosiveness in speed even if I had to forgo starting from a standstill position.
And, largely, it worked.
Tempering my core and forging my aether passages through all of the trials and tribulations had allowed me with a certain precision in my control. And as if the world had been pulled away from right under me, the world blurred as my eyes remained focused on my destination.
My position and timing were both ideal as a shimmering sphere of energy formed within the beast’s mouth.
I should’ve been happy. Hell, I should’ve been ecstatic. If I could do this now, with enough practice, this meant that I would be able to fully use Burst Step to my heart’s content.
But I wasn’t satisfied. I felt like I was missing something—the same feeling as a word lost on the tip of the tongue. Touching upon the basis of Burst Step, seeing the world pulled from right under me as I used this technique made me feel like I was on the cusp of something greater. Except I didn’t know what.
With no time to ponder, I coalesced the remaining aether into the center of my palm and pushed out a condensed blast of violet that clamped the beast’s lower jaw shut just as it was about to release its destructive breath attack.
For a moment, I feared that the beast would simply open back its mouth and release the blast of energy, but Taegen reacted as if he had read my mind.
A giant boulder hurtled from the sky, and only after a moment did I realize it was Taegen who had molded his entire armor into the head of his mace to form this giant earthen sphere.
With both my attack and his keeping its shoveled maw shut, the beast’s breath attack imploded within its mouth.
A muted thud resounded and the shockwave generated within the beast’s mouth from the force was strong enough to send Taegen and even Arian hurtling through the air.
I had managed to anchor myself, digging both my arms and feet into the ground in order to stay within range.
While drained and in pain, I knew that the beast was still alive by how it struggled to regain its balance despite the clouds of smoke erupting from its head. And even though I still struggled with that word on the tip of my tongue, I had to end this battle first.
I pulled out the dagger back from its sheath and drove it straight into my thigh.
‘Regis. Let’s do it,’ I said and a simple grunt of affirmation was all it took before a tsunami of knowledge, insight and—most of all—power, washed over me.
Taking the chance while both Taegen and Arian were disoriented and hopefully unconscious, I engulfed the wounded and defenseless titan in the cold, amethyst flames of destruction.
The last bits of my memories were of myself, discontent and hungry for more death, my eyes searching for the next victim. However, the waves of pain radiating from the dagger kept me sane enough to drive it in deeper, eventually causing my body to collapse.
However, despite how pathetic I felt—controlled by a power that I had unlocked—an epiphany came to me. I knew what was missing in Burst Step. That’s when darkness overtook me.





Chapter 272
Chapter 272: Your Name
I woke up to see a domed ceiling dimly lit by a flickering orange light. That was all I was able to take in before my body so kindly reminded me why I had fallen unconscious in the first place. My body felt like it was being entirely twisted and wrung; rippling pain and objections to moving pushed the air completely out of my lungs.
My vision spun and it took me several minutes to even realize that there were other people talking.
“—anything we can do?”
“Princess will be fine. He just needs some space.”
“Talking Wolf is right, Lady Caera. Since elixirs don’t work on Effeminate One, all we can do is wait.”
“What I don’t understand is how all of you can be so calmly accepting of the fact that we’re conversing with a wolf made of shadows and purple fire!”
“You were screaming at me to save you just fine back in the convergence zone, Miss Booty Shorts. I don’t see why you’re so baffled by it now.”
“B-Booty shorts? What are you even—”
“It was fairly obvious that Effeminate One was always cautious. It comes to no surprise that he’s been hiding some of his abilities.”
With the room stable and my wounds only disturbingly painful now, I managed to prop myself up on my elbows. “I thought I told you to stop calling me Effeminate One.”
“Ah, it seems you’re fully conscious now,” Arian replied a few feet away where he, Taegen, Daria, Caera, and Regis were situated around a simmering pot held over a fire. “You’ve had a few seizures like this before so we assumed you’d fall back to sleep again.”
“Where am I?” I asked, Regis helping me up by pushing my back with his head.
“You can relax,” Caera answered, her expression a conflicted mix of wariness and sympathy. “We’re in a sanctuary room.”
My eyes locked with hers, resurfacing the memories of the black flames she had conjured.
Swallowing the emotions I had come to associate with them—pain, loss, regret, and anger—I spoke. “So that giant beast guarding the tower...”
Arian shot me a smile. “It seems like your plan to let the beast’s breath attack explode in its mouth worked.”
“Effeminate One’s plan would’ve failed if I hadn’t assisted,” Taegen added, snorting. “Although I didn’t think it would actually work.”

So they didn’t find out. The shockwave from the beast’s breath attack must’ve been strong enough to knock Taegen and Arian unconscious while I utilized the runes of destruction that Regis stored in his body.
Since the carallians in the convergence zone disintegrated upon dying, they must’ve assumed the same thing had happened to that colossal beast.
Judging by everyone’s expressions, they seemed to have a lot of suspicions, but I was just relieved that they hadn’t witnessed my use of destruction aether.
“We all have questions for you, but I think it’s best to get your strength up.” Daria said softly as she handed me a bowl filled with steaming stew. “I heard you’re from the South, but you’ve tasted it yourself. The Lehndert blood is famous for delicious and augmenting recipes.”
“This particular member of the Lehndert blood seems to be particularly stingy, however,” Taegen muttered. “Restricting everyone to only two servings per person...”
Daria hissed at Taegen, shooting him a glare. “That’s because you started eating straight out of the pot using the ladle as a spoon!”
“We still have our own rations, Taegen,” Lady Caera said as she calmly withdrew what looked like a moist brown brick with chunks of dried fruit sprinkled in it.
“...Thank you, Lady Caera.” The towering mass of red hair and muscles actually let out a sigh before he bit down into the ration bar.
Despite the fact that my body technically didn’t need to eat, my hands automatically reached for it. I let the warmth spread from the bowl and into my palms before taking a sip.
A rich hearty broth slid down my throat, coating my mouth in its deep meaty flavor. My expression must’ve given my thoughts away because I looked up to see Daria with a smirk, Caera looking at me with intrigue, and Taegen staring longingly at the bowl in my hands.
“The power of the Linhndert cuisine triumphs again,” Daria snickered. “I didn’t think it was possible for you to have any expression aside from annoyed and deadpan.”
Regis curled up beside me, his purple flames seemingly cool to the touch. “He’s a softie once you get to know him.”
After finishing my second bowl of stew, I finally spoke again. “While your actions were unnecessary, thank you for taking care of me while I was unconscious.”
I patted Regis, who was still lying down. “Let’s go.”
“Wait, you’re just going to leave now that you had some rest and a meal?” Daria asked.
I regarded the brown-haired ascender. “Is there a reason why we should continue travelling together?”
“You’re powerful—freakishly so—and it’s obvious that you haven’t revealed all of your abilities,” Daria answered. “But there are only one or two zones left until the next exit portal comes up. Let’s work together and get back home safely. I’ve already agreed to team up with Lady Caera’s team.”
Despite not meaning to, Daria had just revealed two incredibly important facts. First, that there were multiple exits, and second, that they had already passed an exit portal—or several—before this. This meant that I must’ve landed somewhere in the middle of the Relictombs.
Standing up, I felt for all of my belongings. Noticing that the dagger was still strapped to me, I unbuckled it from my waist and handed it to Caera. “I had to borrow it for the last battle. Here.”

She accepted the dagger without a word, her expression almost impossible to make out. It was only when I turned to walk away that she spoke.
“Stop,” she said with a weight in her voice that she hadn’t used before.
I looked back over my shoulder in time to catch the dagger she threw back at me. “You’ll need these once you get out of the Relictombs.”

I glanced down at the dagger in my hand, noticing that there was a golden coin tied to the strap that wasn’t there before. The design of feathered wings spread from a wreathed shield was etched delicately onto the face of the medallion.
“Lady Caera!” Taegen started before the navy-haired ascender raised a hand.
“What makes you say that?” I asked, my gaze on Caera who was pouring a steaming liquid into her metal cup.
“It’ll be the easiest way to prove yourself without having to reveal your identity in front of all of the kingdom officials waiting for ascenders that come out of the Relictombs.” Caera took a sip before looking at me with a serious gaze. “Just say you’re a nomadic ascender contracted under the Denoir Blood.”
I hadn’t thought about the possibility of people waiting outside of the Relictombs. I forgot that this wasn’t just a dungeon that adventurers could go in and out as they pleased. One of the fundamental purposes for these Relictombs was to retrieve lost artifacts from the ancient mages so of course there would be officials making sure that was regulated.
“Then what about the dagger? I thought this was your brother’s?” I asked as I loosened the medallion tied to the dagger strap.
“It is. Which is why I expect you to return it eventually along with the medallion,” Caera replied. “The Denoir estate will be easy to find once you get to the capital domain in central Alacrya.”
“Central domain?” My brows furrowed. “I have no plans on—”
“Then do you wish for me to take back the dagger and medallion?”
I clutched the golden coin in my hand as I decided. “What makes you think I’ll return it once I’m out of the Relictombs?”
“The Denoir Debonair blood has always had a great eye for people,” she stated simply. “You know a secret of mine and I know one of yours. I won’t try to force you to come with us, but I do hope that we can meet again and share a conversation under better circumstances.”
“Wait, you’re just going to let him leave?” Daria stood up. “I still have a simulet that you can hold onto. Once we’re all out of here, Blood Lihndert can definitely provide you with anything you want. I said this before, but we really are always looking for powerful strikers.”
“And you also called him handsome,” Regis added.
Daria flushed and shot a glare at him. “Yes, I did. And usually, throwing in a few compliments and exposing some skin works.”
“Thank you for the offer, but I’ll have to refuse,” I said to Daria. “As for the medallion and dagger. I’ll return them.”

I exchanged glances with Taegen and Arian. While both seemed a bit reluctant, they gave me a nod.
I made my way toward the end of the sanctuary where a closed door awaited. Opening it showed a shimmering portal that I knew would take me to a different place from the rest.
“Your name,” she said over the crackling flames.
Turning back, I could see Caera was standing up as well. “I don’t need to know what blood you’re from, but at least a name...”
It was a simple question that I found myself having a hard time answering. Despite the changes in my appearance, going with Arthur wouldn’t be smart—too many Alacryans had heard of the lance with that name during the war.
At the same time, I didn’t want the name that I would go by now as a mere moniker to stay hidden. My motive wasn’t to stay in hiding.
I needed some time under the radar while I got stronger, but this wouldn’t be the same as calling myself Note during the time I was posing as the masked adventurer.
No. I wanted my name to be a statement that no one else but my relatives and Agrona and the asuras would know of. And my goal would be, by the time Agrona hears of this name and connects it to who I actually am, that I’d be a foe powerful enough to stand up against him.
“My name is Grey,” I answered, walking through the portal.
***
Both Regis and I were on full alert once we stepped through, expecting another aether-fueled beast. I half hoped for the door to remain like it had in the first sanctuary. Last time, I had been able to unlock it with my limited knowledge of aetheric runes in order to rest and challenge the level multiple times.
However, what we were met with was dead silence and a corridor about two shoulder-widths wide, brightly lit by panels of light running down the top of the walls. I turned back to see that the portal we had come through was gone, leaving me with only one path.
“Well, this is eerie,” Regis noted, tails of black and purple flames swaying from his wolven form as he walked beside me.
“Yeah.” My eyes darted left and right, never staying in one place as adrenaline rushed through me. It was quiet and calm, but with the white light and the immaculately smooth white walls, I couldn’t help but feel on edge.
As we walked, however, I must’ve triggered something because runes suddenly lit up on the wall on either side of me and the corridor lights suddenly turned purple.
I didn’t have much time to react after that because an indescribable force suddenly pulled us forward, putting both Regis and I in front of a massive entrance made of what looked like black crystal that was definitely not anywhere near the path we had been walking on.
Air suddenly returned to my lungs, which made me realize I had been holding my breath. On the solid gates of shimmering black were etches of indigo that, only upon closer inspection, seemed to be runes.
‘Welcome, Being of Aether and Flesh. Please enter,’ a voice suddenly spoke in my head. Having shared telepathic communications with both Sylvie and Regis, I was accustomed to voices in my head. However, this was different. It didn’t feel like someone or something was speaking. It felt like I was the one that had suddenly thought that to myself.
“Did you hear that voice too?” I asked Regis.
He tilted his head. “I heard something, but the voice was too muffled for me to make out anything.”
“Get inside me, just in case.”
As the shadowy form of my companion disappeared as he entered through my back, I looked around one more time. There was no corridor behind me now, only three white walls, one white ceiling and floor and a single solid crystalline gate that gave off a purple glow. I stepped in front of it, cautiously reaching for the door.
When the tips of my fingers grazed the surface, however, a warm and almost familiar touch enveloped me and my hand sunk through the seemingly-solid crystal.
I hesitated to walk further in but I couldn’t help but be drawn to whatever was on the other side, stepping forward once more through yet another entrance that held the unknown.
The crystalline gate clicked and whirred like millions of solid tiny moving pieces making way for me to slip through. Until, finally, my entire body had become fully immersed.





Chapter 273
Chapter 273: Being of Aether
I had grown accustomed to expecting the unexpected. As brash and cliche as that sounded, in an unfamiliar area that didn’t abide by the conventions of either of the worlds I had lived in, it was all I could do in order to stay above the crippling anxiety lurking within me.
Yet, the scene that unfolded in front of me as the innumerous crystals of black and purple parted was oddly...familiar.
It wasn’t grandiose like the hall of elaborate statues or mind blowing like the panels of light within a cosmic void of purple.
No. It just seemed like the laboratory of a person even messier than Gideon. The room was fairly large but felt cramped with the dozen or so tables strewn throughout the room, each ‘decorated’ with an array of beakers and test tubes. Lining the walls in this hexagonal room were tall glass shelves filled with various nicknacks and containers—some empty, some not.
Only one wall remained different and that was because it had a portal. Unlike most portals that shone in an array of multicolored lights, this portal looked more like I was looking through a glass screen. Clearly shown on the other side were guards clad in plated armor of black in an otherwise empty room.
“Huh. You’d think with an entrance like that, it would lead to something...more,” Regis began before his eyes fell on the portal as well. “At least we’ll finally be out of here.”
“Wait.” My eyes scoured the lab. “The voice in my head referred to me as the ‘Being of Aether and Flesh’.”
“There has to be something more to this place than this,” I said as my eyes continued to search every corner of the room. “I’m guessing it wouldn’t have let me in here otherwise.”
“Wait.” Regis narrowed his sharp eyes. “Is that why you didn’t want to go back with the other ascenders? You expected something like this to happen?”
“Somewhat,” I said while walking through the aisles of metal tables. “There are too many variables that I can’t put my hands on, like finding Caera’s brother in the forest zone with the aetheric millipede. But what’s certain is that my presence has an influence on all of these zones, so it’s reasonable to assume that whoever built the Relictombs only wanted beings inclined toward aether to get this far.”
“Then what about all of the past cases where Alacryans were able to bring relics of the past to the Vritra?” Regis pried. “It’s been mentioned by the ascenders and I’ve even seen glimpses in my memories from Uto.”
I paused, thinking for a moment before shaking my head. “It’s hard to say for sure. My best guess is degradation, though. The Relictombs might be powerful enough to keep asuras out, but there’s nothing that can last forever, especially something as intricate as this place.”
“Anyway, this room shouldn’t be something as simple as an easy way out.” I turned toward my companion. “Do you know what these relics look like?”
“Aside from the massive amounts of aether held within, they can look like anything, from a book, to an artifact, to a bone. But I know that the simulets that Miss Booty—Daria mentioned a few times were made using the insights from a relic,” he answered before perking up. “Do you think we can find artifacts in this room before leaving?”
There was something odd about this room in that it looked like a normal lab but there were key components missing. Comparing this lab to Gideon’s, what filled his lab even more so than the beakers, molds, and contraptions were books.
Whether they were textbooks or journals for recordkeeping, there was always an abundance of bound paper. There wasn’t anything like that here.
As Regis continued to search through the lab, hoping to find some sort of clue as to where we were, I took a different approach.

But even with my enhanced vision, I couldn’t sense anything made of aether here aside from the portal.
Did I think too deeply into it? Like Regis had said, was this place simply just an easier route to get out of the Relictombs?
I almost considered leaving as Regis waited impatiently by the portal, his shadowy tail thumping the ground, when the words the voice had said echoed in my head once more.
It had referred to me as a ‘being of aether’, so maybe just trying to detect aether in this room wasn’t enough.
With nothing to lose, I unleashed an aetheric aura, bathing the room in a suffocating pressure.
“What the...” Regis stiffened, confused by my sudden action until the room started changing. As if everything that I saw, smelled and felt within this room had been an illusion, everything started fading away...including the floor.
I began to fall, and then just stopped. It felt like I had jerked awake from a falling dream as my feet suddenly found themselves firmly planted to a floor that didn’t exist a second ago.
I heard Regis let out a startled gasp, but my eyes were focused on the construct in front of me. A pedestal that stood ten-feet high with aetheric runes carved around it. Four revolving halos of glowing stones with the same intricate runes etched across its surface gyrated without ever touching one another.
Floating just above the pedestal in the center of the halos of stone was a small glistening crystal. It radiated a brilliant lavender light and, while it appeared rather valuable, the amount of the aether it emitted was miniscule. However, there was something in this room that held an unfathomable amount of aether.
Regis, although his perception toward aether wasn’t nearly as sensitive as mine, felt it too as he searched the room.
Looking around as well for the first time, I realized the deteriorated state of this room. Unlike the illusion of the lab we had fallen from, the stone rune-filled walls were cracked and chipped. There were even a few man-sized holes on the ground and in the walls with rubble still littering the floor.
What made me tense and almost fearful was the fact that this source of aether wasn’t just coming from any one spot. It was constantly moving and while I could feel it, it was the first time I couldn’t see it.
“Who’s there!” I roared, my eyes trying to follow the massive congregation of aether.
Suddenly, I could feel it rapidly approaching from the other side of the room. Unable to tell how large this invisible force was, I shrouded myself in aether and threw a blurring punch forward.
What was strange was that the strength behind my punch should’ve either gone through and hit the air, hit something and sent it flying, or injure my own hand and arm from the recoil. However, none of those things happened.
My fist had definitely hit something solid, but it felt like the force behind my attack had been completely nullified.
And manifesting in front of me, with its hand wrapped around my fist, was a humanoid figure that stood at about six feet.
“So you can sense me,” it said with an expression of pure shock.
I pulled my hand back and stepped away while Regis appeared beside me, teeth bared.
The figure was an opaque purple in color with short cropped hair of the same hue. The only parts darker were the tattoos of interlocking runes running over almost the entire surface of his body. It even ran up to his cheeks and forehead, leaving only his eyes, nose, mouth and chin bare.

The being studied me, brows furrowed and eyes glowing. “You have an aether core, yet no spellforms to protect your body.”
“Spellforms?” I asked while exchanging a confused glance with Regis.
Its eyes narrowed with intrigue. “I see. A human with the body of an asura—a dragon no less. What an unprecedented anomaly you are.”

The being looked down at Regis, who flinched from its gaze. An expression of shock resurfaced once more on its face. “You carry an edict for destruction, yet the knowledge remains in the asuran human’s mind.”
“Who are you?” I asked, aether still cycling within me, ready to attack.
“I have waited a long time, yet what was brought to me is something even I didn’t know was possible.” The being waved its arm and I found myself in an impossibly large enclosing surrounded by a dome of translucent purple. The entity, who had been right in front of me, now stood several yards away and Regis was gone.
“What did you do with Regis?” I growled, looking for my companion.
“The pup is safe. This is a trial of your skills after all.” The being stepped toward me. “I know you’ve undergone many challenges so far but I sincerely hope that you pass this final trial.”
“You’re right. Ever since being thrown into this godforsaken dungeon, it felt like all I’ve had to do is face trials.” The edge of my mouth curled into a smirk as anger leaked through my voice. “At least, unlike the other monstrosities this place whipped up, you have the sentience to at least tell me some answers.”
“And that I will,” he said as a spear of aether manifested into his hand. “Given that you prove your worth, of course.”
I had landed in this ancient dungeon after failing to protect Dicathen. The only ones I could blame were far out of reach, and the only ones I could take my anger out on were bloodthirsty monsters.
Now, standing in front of me was a being of high intelligence and strength that deemed himself the ‘final trial’.
Prove your worth, my ass.
I burst forth, brandishing the white dagger in my hand. My blade was met with the shaft of his purple spear, and once again, the force of my attack was nullified. It was a different feeling compared to the ability to alter the gravitational pull of an opponent that Cylrit, Seri’s retainer, had. There was no delay or recoil that I could work off of.
My attack just stopped.
Stepping into my opponent, I followed up with a strike to his sternum, channelling aether in quick successive bursts through my arm like I had done with Burst Step to maximize strength and speed.
Again. My attack stopped just as it hit below his ribcage.
However, I had noticed something. The runes scouring almost every inch of his body glowed slightly as he channeled aether through them.
The two of us soon fell into a flurry of attacks, with me on the offensive. Using my dagger only as an extension of my right hand, I slashed, lunged, kicked and punched with the being matching every one of my attacks with a perfect defense.

Dodging a barrage of blurring stabs from his glowing spear, I used my left palm to redirect his last strike downward to my right and used the momentum to launch a reverse roundhouse stab at his head.
Like I had expected, his runes glowed once in the area he knew I would attack. And like I had expected, the tip of my dagger simply remained suspended just above his right ear.
He swung his spear, putting a distance back between us before lunging forward at me once more. While his nullifying defense was beyond frustrating, I had to admit that his technique with the spear was astounding.
The shaft of his weapon swayed and bent as if it were made of wood, curving and springing in the air with every stab and swipe he threw at me, as if his spear had come alive.
However, my martial techniques were nothing to scoff at either and my asuran physique only supplemented my abilities. I wove, parried and redirected his attacks until we were both at a stalemate.
That’s what I wanted him to think.
I had realized that his nullifying defense mechanism wasn’t automatic. The way the being’s eyes followed the movement of my dagger to block proved it.
The entity aimed for my left collarbone as his spear rushed toward me. Rather than sidestepping out of it, I dipped my left shoulder forward and grabbed the shaft with my left hand. While pulling the entity’s spear toward me, I imbued aether into the dagger in my right hand.
Again, the runes glowed and I could already sense the accumulation of aether protecting his stomach. And that would’ve worked had that been my intention.
Rather than strike at his stomach, I brought my right leg forward and stabbed past him before hooking my right arm right below his armpit.
He never saw the shoulder throw coming as I released a pulse of aetheric intent before letting go of my dagger and slamming him into the ground.
I followed up immediately by concentrating aether into the palm of my hand in preparation for a blast. Suddenly, the entity, who had been lying on the ground right in front of me, was now over a dozen yards away.
“What the,” I muttered.
The entity calmly stood back up, his expression a bit more serious. “Very good. I must admit that I’m embarrassed that you have managed to land an attack.”
With his brows furrowed in concentration, he stabbed his spear forward. I sidestepped, expecting his spear to stretch forward and reach me—he was a user of aether, after all—but the tip of his weapon disappeared in front of him and a sharp pain exploded from my shoulder.
The spearhead had sprung out of a portal made just beside me.
Expect the unexpected, I reminded myself.
Relying on my body to recover the wound, I imbued aether into my legs once more and rushed toward the tattooed humanoid. Except, I wasn’t getting any closer to him no matter how far and fast I sprinted.
The entity stabbed forward once more into a small portal in front of him, but this time I was able to dodge his attack. There was a slight delay between the fluctuation of aether and the spear emerging from the portal.
“Your technique and physical prowess is superb but your attack earlier was merely a fluke,” he stated as he prepared to stab forward once more.
Lowering my head, I hid my grin, letting aether flow freely from my core. I could feel the ambient aether react as the aether oscillated through every inch of my body.
I welcomed both the familiar surge of warmth spreading from my lower back and the knowledge that flooded into my head.
Then, I stepped forward.
And that single, divine, step brought me behind the entity, aether crackling from my body in branches of violet lightning.
“Is this a fluke as well?” I asked as my dagger dug deep into the entity’s back.





Chapter 274
Chapter 274: The Crystal
The dome of translucent purple shimmered out of existence and I found myself back in the hidden chamber. The entity I had just fought was nowhere to be found and I was barely able to remain standing, the mental and physical strain of my new rune gripping its cold claws around me.
Regis came bounding toward me, his expression a mixture of shock and concern. “W-What the hell happened? You got another rune!”
“Where is he?” I asked through gritted teeth, my eyes searching for any sign of the purple figure.
“He?” Regis echoed in confusion. “You were just blankly standing still a few seconds before this purple lightning started crackling around you.”
“I have never seen aether manifest in such a way before,” the familiar deep voice echoed in front of me.
I snapped my head up while Regis whirled around to see that the source of the voice wasn’t coming from that same entity...but the crystal floating atop the pedestal.
“Forgive me for the confusion. Seeing as I don’t have a physical form anymore, I took our fight into your mind,” the crystal stated, radiating a light that corresponded to the words it said.
My brows furrowed. “So that entire fight didn’t really happen?”
“The mind is a powerful tool that even asuras rarely exercise, choosing rather to hone their body and cores,” the crystal replied with a rather flippant tone. “But you seem to be different—in more than one sense.”
“Princess here is a bit of an oddball,” Regis agreed, nodding his head.
Even I had to admit that my case was anything but odd. However, I had so many questions and wanted to move forward. “So what happens now? Have I passed your ‘final trial’ or is there something more?”
“The fact that I have chosen to even speak with you means that you have passed,” the crystal answered. “That little spar was more for my curiosity and boredom, and you have done a splendid job in satiating both.”
Whether it was the Indrath Clan or the Vritra Clan, asuras and these higher entities always seemed to love satisfying their boredom without any care for those on the receiving end.
“To think that you would be able to receive a rune, and of the spatium edict no less,” the crystal continued. “Tell me. How are you able to control the flow of aether within your body with such precision? Is it the asura’s physique that aids you?”
My eyes narrowed. “I have no reason or incentive to answer.”
Regis looked back at me with a flash of panic. “Ar-Grey. What are you doing? Don’t disrespect the talking crystal.”
“No. Your master is prudent,” the crystal said to Regis before addressing me. “Grey, was it? Earlier, you indicated that you wanted answers. What is stored within this aetheric remnant is something that I believe you’ll want. All I ask is that you satiate my curiosity for a few more minutes.”
“You said that I had passed your trial. Am I not already entitled to whatever it was you’re going to give me regardless of whether or not I answer you?” I rebutted, tired of his antics.
The crystal paused, its glowing surface dimming for a few seconds before it spoke again. “Very well. I can grant you an additional small gift from my people.”
Exchanging another glance with Regis, I let out a sigh and began telling my journey after arriving here. I told the crystal about the beasts I had to fight, the trials I had to overcome, and what eventually lay ahead once I got out. I did, however, omit any of my relations to the Indrath Clan for obvious reasons.
***
“Fascinating! To think you were not only able to forge an aether core, but also forcefully temper your own internal conduits to control its output. Truly something that could only be done with the physique of an asura,” the crystal gushed, its lights pulsating excitedly.

“That’s what those runes covering your body are for, right? They’re used so you can control the flow of aether,” I confirmed.
“Correct. While our people have mastered spellform in order to draw in and manipulate aether, true mastery and the organic appearance of godrunes—such as that branch of spatium you had just received—only come through major insight.”
“So this godrune signifies that I’ve gained insight into a certain aspect of aether, right? By whom, or what?” I asked. “Is there a higher deity above the asuras that are bestowing these?”
“That information is not stored within this remnant,” the crystal answered. “But aether is all around us and can work in ways that are impossible to imagine. The path of obtaining authority over aether is different for everyone, and yours—by far—is the most different.”
“How so?” Regis asked.
“Our people were limited by our physical bodies. Most of our struggles weren’t about gaining insights, but rather figuring out ways to make our fragile bodies handle the burden of aether.”
“I may be speculating but I believe your new rune took on the appearance of lightning not because it is lightning but because that was how you conceptualized the abstract nature of that specific branch of aether,” the crystal went on.
“So the dragons of the Indrath Clan weren’t able to do what your people or I am able to do?” I asked. “They have the physique and aptitude to handle aether but not the knowledge and insights to conceptualize aether as their own, right? ”
I felt the hair on my neck stand as a heavy pressure spilled out from the crystal. “Those beasts do not deserve the title of asura for the atrocities they have committed. Their greed for our knowledge and fear that we may overtake their position as the true wielders of aether led them to kill not only our people but take prisoner many of our most powerful mages in the hopes to torture and learn.”
My eyes widened at the crystal’s sudden outburst. I didn’t know how much to believe but if what it said was all true, then the Indrath Clan wasn’t so different from Agrona and the Vritra Clan.
I wanted to argue—to say that not all of the dragons were like that. Sylvia and Lady Myre were some of the kindest beings I had met that had taught me so much. But the thought of Sylvia brought on new suspicions. Based on her last message, it seemed as if even she had come to despise her clan. Were the golden runes she had a byproduct of their findings from these ancient mages?
Biting my tongue, I nodded solemnly.
The crystal seemed to be studying me before it spoke once more. “My apologies for my outburst. It wasn’t only my knowledge that had been stored in here but my emotions as well. As you surmised, the Indrath Clan—along with the rest of the asuras that their leader had fooled into believing we were a threat bent on destroying the world—had managed to succeed in their genocide but not in their pursuit of our knowledge.”
“Because of these Relictombs that you’ve built to keep asuras away?” I asked.
“Relictombs?”
“That’s what the people that delve down here call this place,” I clarified.
“How fitting. Yes. This place is the work of hundreds of mages adept in wielding aether of different edicts, as you might’ve figured. Time, space, and life all work differently here and more of it is from the natural course of time rather than our own design,” the crystal said with a hint of pride. “While our civilization had been ransacked and burned, we had created an ecosystem separate from that of the rest of this world, one that cannot be touched by asuras.”
“I don’t understand how any of that was possible though. With hundreds of aether mages, how did you guys lose?” I asked, more confused than before. “And also, how was it possible for your people to create a place where only lesser beings were allowed when the Indrath Clan—limited as it was—still had the ability to influence aether.”
“That is not for me to tell,” the crystal said. “And we were able to do so with the efforts of many spatium mages.”
Frustration flared in the pit of my stomach and Regis sensed it as well. He lightly hit my leg with his tail.
“Fine,” I mustered. “What about the lesser beings scouring this place, looking to loot anything they can in hopes to get stronger and find pieces of knowledge that you have stored here to bring back to the asuras they serve?”
“As you’ve most likely witnessed firsthand, we have devised safeguards for those contingencies so—”
“Well those contingencies are slowly failing,” I cut in. “It may hold for some time, but like I said, an asura of the Vritra Clan is already close to gaining insights into what your people knew about aether by using lesser beings to explore these ruins for him.”
“You must gain insights into aether faster then. Compared to the asura, who is not even capable of traversing in this plane, your unique physique and understanding gives you an advantage,” the crystal answered.

“It’s not enough. Agrona has had hundreds, if not thousands of years over me!”
The crystal dimmed. “But despite all of that, this Agrona sees you as a threat, yes?”

I frowned. “Well, yes. But—”
“Then there’s hope. It means that there’s a possibility of you succeeding.”
It felt like I was talking to a rock at this point. Well, a non-sentient rock made of aether...
“My job is neither to guide you nor to reassure you. It is also not within my hands to control the outcome of Fate, merely to tip it in our favor,” the rock said, as if sensing my frustration. “And it is why you will be receiving these...”
Suddenly, the halos of stone revolving around the crystal halted and a flash of purple light enveloped me before I had the chance to react.
A slight tingle radiated from my right forearm as well as down my spine, but even that lasted only for a second. The light dimmed and the first thing I noticed was a black rune running down the inside of my forearm. “What is this?”
“That...” the crystal said, “is an extradimensional storage engraved directly into your arm. You mentioned to me about your regenerative abilities, so this rune is a bit special in that even if your arm is cut off, as long as it is regrown, this rune will stay with you.”
“So no one can steal anything stored inside there?” Regis asked, bringing my arm down with his paw so he could get a better look.
“Exactly,” the crystal replied. “This does limit the space within the rune but I’d say it would still fit about a crate’s worth of anything inorganic or dead.”
My eyes studied the complex geometric shapes that made up the rune running down my arm. “This...”
“You also told me that this asura you’re fighting against has created a civilization of mages with basic spellforms running down their backs to aid them in magic. In order for you to better assimilate, I engraved some useless runes down your back that roughly describes your aetheric spells as a rare subtype of pure mana,” the crystal explained. “I’m not sure how well they are able to read spellform but it should at least allow you to use your basic aetheric abilities without raising too much suspicion.”
“Wow. You’re totally an Alacryan now,” Regis teased, using his paw to lift up the back of my shirt.
Shooting my companion a glare, I swatted his paw away.
“Take caution. If you use an edict of aether, the godrune will shine above these faux runes,” the crystal warned.
I nodded in understanding, showing respect for the first time. “Thank you, truly. Both these gifts will help tremendously.”
“Don’t thank me just yet. The real artifact is within the extrademensional storage within your arm. It holds the insights needed to unlock another godrune.”
My eyes widened as I hastily withdrew the single item from the storage. A small cuboid stone rested in the palm of my hand, and aside from its shape and deceivingly heavy weight, it was unremarkable at best.
Still, I was excited at the prospect of unlocking another godrune without blindly trying to gain insight.
“Will this teach me how to create an aetheric weapon like you were able to do? Or maybe negate impact?” I tried guessing based on the abilities that he had used in our spar.
The crystal brightened. “No. This will be something far more worthwhile if you are able to decipher it.”
“Decipher?” Regis asked. “So that rock isn’t just going to give Grey a godrune?”

“If that were possible, I’m sure that the Indrath or Vritra Clan would’ve long since taken control over the edict of Fate,” the crystal replied. “No. This is but a mind’s compass into gaining insights, and it’s one that even I was not able to unravel while still alive.”
“Is it not possible for me to trade this artifact with another that would give me the ability I mentioned before?” I asked. “Learning to manifest a weapon or being able to negate physical attacks would be tremendously helpful in going up against the Alacryans and the Vritra.”
“These two edicts are minor branches that I believe you can gain insights to on your own,” the crystal stated. “On the other hand, that artifact holds an edict capable of aiding you in the areas of the ‘Relictombs’ you have yet to traverse, and also help you turn the tides in your upcoming battle.”
I stored the artifact back into the pocket dimension along with my bag that had Sylvie’s stone in it. “Fine, but you just said that even you weren’t able to decipher this artifact. If you could at least help me gain insight into manifesting an aether—”
Suddenly, we were back in the laboratory, the two of us standing in front of the glass-like portal.
“Did you really have to haggle with an ancient sentient aether crystal?” Regis sighed, shaking his head.
“I was able to get a few additional perks because of that, wasn’t I?” I rebutted.
With everything I had gone through since arriving in this Relictomb, I didn’t feel anywhere closer to knowing how this journey would unfold. Agrona wouldn’t stop until he succeeded in gaining insight into Fate, and it would be impossible to know whether my family, Tess, Virion—everyone else I cared about—would be safe.
Still, I had gotten stronger and received some tangible tasks I needed to accomplish.
Regis turned, regarding me with a serious gaze. “How were you able to gain insight into another edict of aether?”
“Burst Step,” I answered with a smirk. “Turns out that the technique I developed a few years back was already the first step into gaining insight into this specific edict.”
Regis tilted his head. “Pun intended?”
I frowned. “What pun?”
“Step... nevermind.” Regis let out a sigh. “So, what changed from the original Burst Step?”
While difficult to explain using words, I described the sensation that I had felt when using Burst Step against the titanic beast guarding the portal. Instead of stimulating just the parts of my body needed to take that ‘step’, I coalesced aether throughout my body. Different from when I used aether to strengthen myself, the knowledge that I had gained insight into guided me. It was almost like tuning the frequency of aether into a specific channel for a split second, allowing me to cut through space to a predetermined location.
As expected, Regis actually looked more confused than before I explained it. Without the insights I had gained at that moment, I probably would’ve had the same look as well. After gaining insights into both the edict of destruction and this specific branch of space, I could see why Indrath’s attempts at gaining insights into aether through torturing the ancient mages were fruitless.
It’s not that they didn’t explain, it’s that they couldn’t. Even this latest edict was different from when I had fully used Sylvia’s dragon will. Back when I was able to use this sort of pseudo Burst Step, that was me ‘folding’ space and taking a physical step through that fold in order to cross an impossible distance.
This, while having a similar outcome, was different. I wasn’t manipulating the space around me, but manipulating my body into this aetheric vibration capable of slipping through space at a near-instant speed.
“So it’s like Burst Step 2.0,” Regis surmised.
“It’s not true teleportation but I’d say it’s on a much higher level than Burst Step.”
Regis’ tail began to wag. “So like...Divine Step?”
I let out a sigh. “Must you give a name to everything? Don’t you think it sort of belittles the technique?”
“Only if the name sucks,” he responded. “Hmm...Asura Step?”
I raised a brow. “Our enemies, the ones we have to beat, are asuras.”
“You’re right,” he said before his eyes lit up. “Ooh! God Step.”
I thought for a moment before a smile crept up on my face. “God Step...I like it.”
“Great!” Regis suddenly jumped, disappeared into my back. ‘Are you ready for Alacrya, Princess?’
Taking a deep breath, I faced the portal, staring into the scene on the other side. I needed to take it one step at a time. Starting with this one.
“Of course.”





Chapter 275
Chapter 275: Maerin
I stepped through the portal, not really knowing what to expect on the other side.
What didn’t even cross my mind—out of everything that had happened so far, with my experience with the Alacryans both in Dicathen as well as in the Relictombs—was seeing the two guards standing on either side of me to literally jump in surprise, letting out rather terrified screams.
Regis let out a chortle in amusement while I really didn’t know what to make of the situation.
The guard on my right, a rather plump man wearing plated armor that obviously couldn’t contain his wide girth, managed to muster up what little training he had in order to at least point his trembling spear at me. It only took his skinnier—although not by much—companion a second later to follow suit.
“W-Who goes there?” quavered the skinnier guard.
I thought for a second how I should answer when the rounder guard spoke.
“Did you—are, a-are you coming from the R-Relictombs?” he sputtered, his head shifting left and right.
‘Don’t bother answering these stooges. Just kill them,’ Regis groaned.
Ignoring the voice in my head urging me to kill, I looked at the rounder guard who flinched under my gaze and answered, “Yes.”
The thinner stooge to my left let out an audible gasp. It was becoming more and more challenging not to roll my eyes.
“E-Esteemed ascender,” the rounder stooge began, bowing as much as his potbelly would allow before raising his head. “Allow this one to guide you to Maerin Town’s chief.”
The rounder stooge gestured to me to follow after him and the thinner one trailed close behind. Pushing aside the idle thought that maybe one of them should’ve stayed behind to guard the portal, I took in the sight around me for the first time.
Contrary to the...competency and grace shown by the two guards, the hall I had arrived in was anything but magnificent. While not large—no bigger than the size of a modest house in Ashber except with higher ceilings—it had features that obviously displayed the importance of such a structure. A line of pillars towered over us on both sides, holding sconces of actual fire on each one. Upon closer inspection, I could see intricate carvings of what was obviously a basilisk in its humanoid form being revered by genuflected men and women. Each pillar told a brief story, all leading to the same message of worship toward the basilisks that made my stomach curdle.
Discounting the rounder stooge peeking back at me every few seconds, the three of us walked through the smooth marbled floors in peace until we reached the ironbark doors. Light seeped in between and around the two doors, and I was suddenly reminded of my longing to see the sun.
The doors opened with a screech and groan until I was bathed in the rays of sunlight. A knot formed in my stomach and I found myself struggling to hold back tears that I didn’t even know I had. The warm touch of the sun enveloped me like a mother’s embrace.

“Uhh...esteemed ascend—”
“Shhh! He must be cultivating or gaining insight!”
I closed my eyes for just a moment and gathered myself before stepping through the blanket of light that spilled over me like warmed honey.
As my eyes adjusted, I was able to take in the sight around me, and it was...unimpressive.
Single-story houses of brick and mortar lined neatly and uniformly on either side of a cobblestone road about three carriages wide. Civilians could be seen doing their day-to-day tasks, from hanging laundry on a clothesline, tending to their gardens while children ran around swinging wooden swords wrapped in cloth. There was even a child drawing random scribbles on the back of his friend using coal.
My eyes continued to wander, taking in the sights until I noticed the stench reminiscent of a back alley outhouse emanating from behind us.
“Please bear with the odor until we reach the town proper, esteemed ascender,” the thinner stooge said, noticing my change in expression. “We’re still at the edge of the town so the smell from the town outskirts still seeps through past the walls.”
I turned around to see a wall over twenty feet high just behind the edifice housing the portal that we had just walked out of.
“What’s on the other side?” I asked out of simple curiosity.
“The vagrants and parasites that were either evicted from the town of Maerin for not paying their taxes or committing a crime are all congregated there. Our benevolent chief allowed them to stay in that area and even take jobs from residents within the town if the need arises,” the rounder stooge explained.“That also includes nightly jobs as well, if esteemed—ow! Sembi!”
“Stop being an idiot, Chumo! Do you think an ascender has so few options that he would resort to bedding those foul wenches?”
The two digressed into a heated argument, elbowing each other and whispering insults as if they didn’t think I would notice.
‘I wonder if this skit was something they rehearsed,’ Regis pondered, obviously amused.
It was interesting to see that, unlike the ascenders that I had met in the Relictombs, the two stooges didn’t have gaps in their armor that revealed the marks or crests lining their spines.
Perhaps flaunting the markings was something only higher-tier mages did to show their status? Lost in thought, I didn’t notice that many of the civilians we passed were staring at me. Some had the decency to pretend like they were doing something while others just blatantly stopped and gawked.
Some of the men sized me up, instinctually puffing up their chests even while their heads lowered in respect.
A group of town girls who couldn’t have been much older than my sister blushed after making eye contact before giggling amongst themselves. I also caught sight of some older women adjusting their blouses to accentuate their chests, smiling sweetly with an inviting gaze when our eyes locked.
“See, Chumo! Look at everyone just drooling over our esteemed ascender. He has the pick of the lot,” the thinner stooge named Sembi bragged.

“How far is the town chief’s office?” I asked, casting a cold glare at the both of them.
“J-Just a few blocks at the heart of the town proper!” Chumo answered while both visibly shrunk under my gaze.

Houses soon gave way to storefronts as we got closer to the heart of the town. I couldn’t help but reminisce about my time living in Ashber Town. Although it was much larger and more developed here, it had a more peaceful ambience compared to the cities of Dicathen that I had grown so used to.
However, as we continued walking, the cobblestone road suddenly branched off into four separate roads—one main, and three smaller paths that each led to a multi-leveled structure of varying sizes with plenty of land around them.
“What are these buildings for?” I asked. These three buildings were the only ones that weren’t single-storied so I assumed they carried some importance.
“Ah! These three schools are the pride of Maerin Town!” Chumo puffed. “The one to our left is where our children who have received their first mark as a shield attend, while the larger building is for casters, and the black-roofed one is for our future strikers!”
“Our instructors are all very capable, with crests themselves,” Sembi chimed in. “And the head instructor from our striker school has two crests herself and had once taught in an actual city!”
“Speaking of, you actually came at a great time, esteemed ascender,” Chumo. “Not only is a bestowment day tomorrow, but in a few days, students from our neighboring towns will gather here for our annual exhibition!”
While the ‘bestowment day’ sounded interesting, I didn’t want to waste too much time in this town. My priority would be getting a map of where we were after speaking with the town chief.
“I wonder if any of our strikers have a shot at winning the tournament,” Chumo muttered to Sembi.
“Town Chief’s kid, Draster, probably has the best shot, right? I heard he just tested into the third stage of base-tier,” Sembi replied.
“Yeah, but there’s that little monster from Cromer Town that just tested into the fourth stage of base-tier at the age of fifteen.”
“Damn it. And I heard an elder from one of Aramoor City’s academies is actually going to spectate this time to see if there are any potentials to take back as candidates.”
The two continued their gossip, completely carefree as we neared what looked like the town square. The number of people quickly inflated as not only storefronts and restaurants surrounded the smoothly-paved center of the town, but vendors pulled around their wooden carts. Some were filled with food while others carried leather goods or simple clothing.
Ignoring the passing glances of the civilians, I took in the sight of the colosseum that dwarfed the single-storied establishments around it. Just by the number of soldiers—actual, able-bodied guards that exuded some semblance of strength—guarding the large bowl-shared structure, I could guess the level of importance it carried.
Civilians pulling up in carriages and carts pulled by horses and mana beasts lined up in front of the main entrance, waiting to get inside. From the goods they carried, it seemed like they were there to prepare for this upcoming exhibition.

‘It seems like this esteemed ascender is interested in the upcoming events,’ Regis noted.
Maybe a little, I admitted. I had never gone to an exhibition or any sort of tournament in Dicathen while I was growing up there. Even though with my unfair advantages, it probably wouldn’t have been much fun, the very air in the town square as civilians prepared for these events seemed vibrant.
“—scender?”
I turned to see Sembi and Chumo waiting for me.
“It’s this way, esteemed ascender,” Sembi said, gesturing me toward a domed building with a long portico supported by columns similar in design to the ones in the edifice that housed the portal leading to the main entrance.
Once inside, I was guided to the front counter in an otherwise empty building where an obviously bored young woman was fiddling with her brown hair tied back tightly in a bun.
Chumo leaned his elbow on the front counter. “Hey, Loreni.”
“Skipping work again for a snack, Chumo?” Loreni asked, not bothering to look up. “Be careful. It’s how you and Sembi got stuck guarding the Descension Chamber. Honest to Vritra, I don’t know why the old man bothers placing guards there when there hasn’t been an ascender come out from that portal in years. If it were me—”
“Uhh, Loreni?” Sembi chimed in, nervously glancing between me and the girl who had now moved onto getting dirt from underneath her nails.
Loreni finally looked up with an annoyed gaze. “Wha—Oh!”
Her eyes widened and her cheeks flushed as Loreni stood up and smoothed out her blouse. “W-Who is... this?”
“He’s an ascender,” Chumo whispered, leaning in closer.
I didn’t think the girl’s eyes could open any wider, but they did. “Oh my! My apologies for the rude behavior, esteemed ascender. W-We don’t get many ascenders here so I had no reason to assume that there’d be...oh my, I should stop talking now. Are you here to meet the town chief? Of course you are, that was a silly question. Right this way!”
Loreni guided me through a corridor, often peeking back before nervously turning away while Sembi and Chumo snickered behind me. We arrived in the town chief’s office, modestly decorated with a desk and two leather couches facing each other separated by an oval tea table.
“Chief Mason, our town’s leader, will be here shortly. Please make yourself comfortable while I get you something to drink!” Loreni exclaimed as she bowed.
After taking another long ‘peek’ at me, she dipped her head once more and practically scurried out of the room while Chumo and Sembi stood guard outside the door.
I found myself staring at the door. Hearing Loreni whisper out some profanity at the two guards through the door, I couldn’t help but stifle a laugh.
‘It’s been a while since you laughed,’ Regis mused.
It’s been a while since I’d been around so many idiots, I quipped, leaning back into the couch as Regis mentally nodded in agreement.
Taking a moment to open the window behind me, I took in the gentle breeze that flowed through, carrying along the chatter and sounds from the town square. Laughter, both young and old, chimed like melodic bells that nearly lulled me to sleep.
I took it all in while my mind replayed all I had gone through. Fighting not only to live but to grow stronger from the moment I had woken up. I had lost Sylvie and was separated from my loved ones with no way of knowing how they were doing.
But in this brief moment, I was at peace as it finally dawned upon me...
I had made it out of those hellish Relictombs.





Chapter 276
Chapter 276: The Town Chief
The brief moment of peace I had while waiting for the town chief didn’t last very long as rapid footsteps approached, growing louder until the door swung open.
I opened my eyes, a bit startled to see a bear of a man with bulging lumps of muscles for arms and a long white beard that flowed down to his wide chest.
Panic crossed his aged but energetic face as he immediately fell to his knees with a thud. “This one deserves to die for putting esteemed ascender through such inconveniences! Sembian and Chumorith are ignorant of the ways outside of this measly town and did not mean to offend esteemed ascender. Please forgive them as I am the one to blame for their lack of wisdom.”
The large elder whipped his head back. “Sembian! Chumorith! Get down on your—”
“It’s fine,” I cut in. “There is no reason for you to ask for forgiveness.”
Locking eyes with the two guards, I allowed a small smile. “Chumo and Sembi’s antics were...entertaining, especially after getting out of the Relictombs.”
I could literally see the elder’s body deflate in relief as he remained on his knees. “Thank you for your benevolence, esteemed ascender.”
“Please, get up,” I said, gesturing to the couch in front of me. “Chief Mason, right?”
“Yes!” he exclaimed.
While taking a seat, I noticed the dirt on his hands.
“Ah! My apologies for my unkempt state, I was helping out with the renovation of our coliseum. We’re a little behind for the upcoming events,” the chief explained, looking down at his hands.
“Your two guards told me about the bestowment and exhibition coming up in the next few days,” I replied.
“Yes! It’s our town’s turn to host the exhibition. If esteemed ascender wishes to attend, we can definitely set up an announcement and—”
“There’s no need. I plan to leave soon,” I interjected respectfully. “I would’ve left immediately but there was something I needed anyway.”
“Yes! I will be happy to help in any way I can.” The town chief paused and gave me an embarrassed look. “But, I do need to verify esteemed ascender’s license and belongings. It’s not that I don’t believe that you are an ascender, but as the chief in charge of overseeing this town’s Descension Chamber, I’m required to verify any ascender that exits the portal.”
I hesitated for a moment. While the fake markings I had received should pass, I didn’t have a license. Meanwhile, the town chief hurried to his desk where he retrieved what looked like an obsidian pocket watch.
Turning around, I lifted the teal cloak that I wore over my otherwise black outfit to show the elder the markings engraved over my spine.
I could hear the elder inhale sharply. “Amazing. I recognize some of it but I’ve never seen such complicated markings, esteemed ascender. Three distinct imprints and judging by the complexity of the top marking, it has to be an emblem.”
“Please, stop referring to me as ‘esteemed ascender.’” Lowering my clothes, I sat back down. “As for my license, unfortunately, I lost my dimension ring carrying all my belongings in one of the floors. But I do have this.”
I took out the white dagger, in its embroidered sheath.
“This...” The town chief’s eyes bulged as he carefully reached for the dagger as if it were a newborn. “If I’m not mistaken, this is Highblood Denoir’s insignia. Is estee—are you an ascender under their blood?”
“Yes,” I lied as I watched him inspect the dagger.
“This is more than enough verification of your status, esteemed ascender,” the town chief said, handing the weapon back to me with both hands. “It’s an honor to be in your presence.”
“I may not be here for much longer, but please keep this information to yourself.”
“Yes, of course!” The elder nodded furiously. “My inquirer shows that you have no relics on you, so you are clear in all sense!”
“Wait. So that artifact can sense relics?” I asked, leaning forward to get a closer look.

“It has a very limited range, but yes,” the town chief said with a furrowed brow. “Have you never been checked by an inquirer after your ascents?”
I cleared my throat, feigning embarrassment. “To be honest. This was my first ascent. I made a blunder and lost the simulet that was in my ring, separating me from my team, fairly early on.”
“Oh no,” the elder gasped, clearly interested. “That’s horrible. Thankfully, you came out alive.”
“Yes. I got lucky to be close to a portal in the next zone,” I said.
I explained my situation using as much Alacryan vocabulary as possible to not sound as ignorant as I actually was about the whole system, and it seemed to work. Quickly changing the subject, I leaned forward. “But anyway. I know we’re in a town called Maerin, but I’m not exactly sure where that is in Alacrya. Is there a map that you can part with so I can be on my way?”
“Maps are pretty rare around these parts but a travelling merchant came by with copied maps several weeks ago so I actually do have some,” the town chief said, going back to his desk. “Might I ask your destination?”
His innocent question left me stumped. I didn’t have a specific destination in mind aside from my obligation to return the dagger to Caera in the capital of the central domain.
“Aha! Here it is.” The town chief came back and unrolled a large parchment that spilled over the oval tea table. On it was a piece of land that oddly resembled the side-view of a horned skull with its mouth open and a large curved bump protruding from the northern end. Alacrya was segmented into five parts with a thick line separating the north, east, west, south, and center.
“How far is the journey to the central domain?” I asked.
“Well, seeing as we’re at the southern tip of the eastern domain,” he answered, pointing to a small dot on the map. “It would take around five months on foot or about sixty or so days in a carriage.”
My eyes widened as I stared at the map. “That long?”
“This is the normal way, of course,” the town chief replied. “There are teleportation gates available in the major cities. The price is hefty but if you show them your dagger, you should be able to travel for free.”
I didn’t want to show off the dagger too frequently in case I attracted unwanted attention, but it was nice to have this as a backup alternative.
Studying the map, I pointed to the city marked closest to the town we were in. “How far is Aramoor City from here then?”
“It’s just short of two weeks by carriage if conditions permit,” Chief Mason answered with a weary chuckle.
I let out a sigh. “We’re...really on the outskirts, aren’t we?”
“Aye. Truth be told, settlements with Descension Chambers that have a very low operation rate don’t get dimension gates built for fast travel.”
Piecing together what Loreni said and what the chief confirmed, this portal that I had stepped through only seemed to be able to allow ascenders to leave the Relictombs, not enter.
Leading off with that train of thought, I asked the town chief, “So does Aramoor City have an Ascension Chamber?”
“Of course!” The bear-of-a-man huffed. “Aramoor may be a small city in the outskirts of the Eastern Domain, but even we have an Ascension Chamber!”
“I see...” I muttered, taken aback. “My apologies. I rarely leave the Central Domain.”
The chief’s eyes bulged. “Oh n-no offense taken, esteemed ascender. Please don’t apologize! It is rare indeed for Highbloods of the Central Domain to travel this far out!”
With a polite smile, I went back to studying the map.
Travelling to the Central Domain right now wasn’t necessary but going into the next Relictombs was. It didn’t seem like the specific Ascension Chamber used to enter the Relictombs determined where you ended up once inside, so my first stop would be Aramoor City.
Travelling on foot was probably faster than getting a horse but it would still take over a week to get there since I didn’t know the land very well.
As I was thinking over my options, Loreni entered. “Excuse my intrusion. I’ve brought some tea and snacks.”
“Perfect timing, Loreni,” the chief said. “Our esteemed ascender’s destination seems to be to Aramoor City. Make some arrangements to prepare a horse and a guide for him.”
“Of course!” Loreni placed the tray carefully onto the table and turned to leave when she abruptly stopped. “Ah!”

Both the chief and I raised our heads.
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to startle you both,” Loreni whispered. “But perhaps the fastest and most comfortable way for esteemed ascender to get to Aramoor might be to just wait?”

The chief raised a brow. “What do you mean?”
“I’m sure you’ve heard the rumors, Chief Mason, but I just got a confirmation letter today confirming that a representative from Stormcove Academy is actually visiting Maerin to spectate and maybe even recruit one of our student mages,” Loreni explained.
“Ah!” The town chief snapped his finger in realization. “Stormcove Academy has a tempus warp!”
Just as I was about to ask Regis for some clarification on what a tempus warp was, the town chief turned to me excitedly.
“This is great news! If esteemed ascender stays until the representative from Stormcove Academy arrives, I’m sure they will be more than happy to take you back with them. This way, you can just go through the temporary gate and arrive in Aramoor City immediately.”
I nodded calmly, while internally, I was still trying to wrap my head around the idea of a school official in a small city having access to such powerful technology.
‘It’s probably not as powerful as the one that the Alacryan who invaded Xyrus Academy used in order to enter and escape with Elijah...or is it Nico now?’ Regis clarified.
It was still hard to swallow, but it made sense that Agrona’s people had access to this technology since he had been dabbling in aether since long ago. And as astonishing as it was that a mere representative of a school had access to such technology, it gave me hope.
The person from Stormcove Academy might not have a tempus warp powerful enough for intercontinental teleportation, but someone higher might. If I could acquire one, travelling between Alacrya and Dicathen might not take as long as I had originally thought.
‘Don’t get your hopes up. If Uto’s memories are any indication, Agrona is probably the only one that has one and it’s not like he’ll just let anyone use it.’
Yeah. My life has never been that easy, I responded internally.
Standing up, I regarded both Loreni and Chief Mason. “Thank you both for your help. It seems like I’ll need to rely on your hospitality for a few more days then.”
The town chief bolted up to his feet, excitement radiating from his wrinkled face. “That’s great! There are a few homes left vacant for important visitors! They’re most likely shabby cottages compared to esteemed ascender’s estate in the Central Domain but please feel free to use one!”
“I’ll be in your care then,” I said with a faint smile. “And my name is Grey.”
“Ascender Grey of Blood Denoir,” the town chief muttered as both he and Loreni bowed before me. “It’s an honor to meet you.”
After handing me the map, the town chief had Loreni escort me to the villa that I would be staying in for the next few days.
Unsurprisingly, Chumo and Sembi had remained next to the doors, keeping guard. When the two tried to follow along to protect us, Loreni shot them down with a glare as she whispered, “Protect who? Esteemed ascender’s left pinky toe is enough to beat you two.”
Leaving the two withering guards to console each other, the two of us left the administration building.
“You keep staring at me,” I mentioned, making Loreni stiffen.
“A-Ah I, uh...my apologies, esteemed ascender,” she stammered.
“I know I’m an ascender but do I look that different from the people you usually see?”
Loreni lowered her gaze. “It’s actually my first time seeing an ascender in person. And a man as...pretty as you.”
Regis let out a chortle.
“You didn’t mistake me for a woman, right?” I asked, still conscious of my new appearance for some reason.
She blushed, eyes wide. “Oh no! Not at all. It’s just that your eyes are so golden and features so sharp that it’s...very different from the boorish men that hunt mana beasts for a living.”

The mention of my eye colors put a knot in my chest that I quickly swallowed. Loreni must’ve noticed my change in expression though.
“I hope you weren’t offended by any of our behavior, Ascender Grey. Our town chief is probably the only one that has come across an ascender before, and while I had been taught the proper etiquette of talking to an ascender, Chumo and Sembi have not.”
“Based on how you all behave around me, it seems like ascenders tend to be pretty vain,” I noted, ignoring the gazes of everyone around us.
“O-Oh no, I mean...our town is a very remote and insignificant part of the Eastern Domain, much less all of Alacrya. It’s understandable that we don’t amount to much in the eyes of the great ascenders,” she explained with a wary chuckle.
‘Elite mages being asses to the less-inclined? Not very hard to believe,’ Regis chimed in.
We walked in relative silence throughout most of the short walk to the villa that was on a gated path just off the edge of town proper. The dirt road led up to a seclusion in a ring of trees where three single-story houses faced each other, each with a grass lot divided by a tall white fence.
“This will be where you’ll stay for the next six days until the exhibition ends. The town chief will notify the representative from Stormcove Academy of your presence and request them to take you along when they take the tempus warp back to Aramoor City,” Loreni informed as she opened the fence leading to the rear house on the left. “There will be a guard stationed at the gate to the path leading up here and an attendant will be sent your way to help you with anything you need.”
“Thank you,” I said with a smile.
“Of course,” she replied while handing me the keys. “Were there any questions you had for me before I leave you to rest?”
“Just one.” I turned, looking past the high brick walls that surrounded the town. I could see several hills filled with trees. Based on the map, past those hills was the southeastern coast of Alacrya. “You mentioned mages hunting mana beasts for a living earlier. Is anyone allowed to hunt here?”
“Yes! This area is known for the high population of rocavids indegenous to this part of the country. Their hides are very popular to make leather and their hooves are often used to make tools,” she answered as if reading out of a manual. “Why do you ask?”
I rubbed my neck. “I lost most of my belongings during my last ascent so I need some money.”
Loreni’s eyes widened, “The town chief can provide you with gold, esteemed ascender! There’s no need for you to work!”
“It’s okay,” I chuckled. “I also want to stretch my limbs from time to time.”
“Ah, as expected of an ascender. There are more powerful mana beasts the more north you travel into the woods, but please take caution. Much of this area hasn’t been explored yet.”
I nodded. “I’ll keep that in mind. Now if you’ll excuse me, I should wash up and get some rest.”
Stepping into the villa, while modest and decorated minimally, it was clean. From an integrated water system to even plumbing that I hadn’t expected in such a remote place, it had everything I needed to rest somewhat comfortably.
“Finally, some fresh air,” Regis said as he leaped out of me and cat-stretched. He trotted around the one bedroom villa, sniffing the gray leather couch and looking through the metal container inside the kitchen.
“I know you look like a dog, but is it necessary for you to act like one?” I teased, taking off my clothes.
“Wolf,” Regis corrected. “And no. For some reason, with my transformation, my nose is the most sensitive to aether, which is basically food for me.”
“Good to know.” I stepped into the shower, pumping the lever until cold water began pouring down the dispenser.
After washing myself and my clothes, I picked out a pair of tan trousers and one of the few shirts that didn’t have a gaping hole down the back. It was also the first time I had gotten the chance to look at myself clearly for the first time. The metal sheet that served as a mirror showed a man that looked to be in his early twenties, thin yet toned with broad shoulders. Aside from the rune running down my back and on the underside of my right forearm, I didn’t have a scar or blemish on my athletic body.
The face that stared back at me in the mirror was one I still wasn’t used to seeing. I still had traces of Arthur in me minus the small scars that I had accumulated through the years. My eyes were still large, but seemed colder and the auburn head of hair that I had grown used to were now stripped of color. My wheat colored hair seemed almost gray and it fell just above my shoulder in locks still dripping water.
With where I was now, it was actually great that I had a new appearance—that way I didn’t have to worry about someone recognizing me as the Lance that killed thousands if not more of their people. But what I worried over was how everyone I knew would take it. How would my mother and sister treat me when they saw me like this? How would Tess?
“Still not used to it?” Regis asked, walking up to me.
I put on the black shirt and walked away, combing my hair back with my hands. “No.”
“You’re still you, Princess,” he tried to comfort, following me as I sunk down on the couch facing the window overlooking the fenced yard.
“I know that.” I let out a sigh. “I just hope that everyone else does too.”
Anxious and impatient to progress in whatever way I could, I withdrew the relic out of the extradimensional storage rune.
The ancient mage had said this wasn’t an edict or an artifact of any sort but more of a guide that would help me unlock a specific edict of aether.
“He could’ve at least told me what branch it was,” I muttered, studying the surface of the stone cube.
Clearly seeing nothing significant on the surface of the stone, I imbued aether into it.
As soon as my aether touched the cube, a foreign aetheric substance from the cube reached back out to me, filling my vision with a blanket of glowing purple.





Chapter 277
Chapter 277: One Step Forward
As my vision was flooded in a sea of purple, I could feel my aether core slowly draining. As my senses entered the stone cube, I attempted to look deeper inside. It felt like the further in I ‘traveled’, the more difficult it became. As I wafted through this space, the mud-like viscosity soon thickened and hardened until eventually it felt like I was pushing against a brick wall.
Even while I was disconnected from my body, I could feel my breath coming up short and ragged, as if I was breathing through a wet cloth. Straining to push through this wall stopping me from venturing forth, I pumped more aether out of my core until finally I was able to shift through the wall.
To describe the experience of my mind touching the surface of the cuboid relic into words would be undermining the sheer complexity of it all.
Geometric shapes in seemingly random patterns and movements floated around me. I couldn’t see an end to how far these polyhedrons went but for some reason, I knew that there was a boundary within this chaos.
As more aether flowed out from my core and into this realm within the relic, the polyhedrons began to change. I was no longer just observing but actually affecting these geometric shapes as if my aether was resonating with these things.
I found myself lost in a trance as I tried to make heads or tails out of the patterns, movements, shapes, and sizes of all of these polyhedrons that made up this realm within the relic. Using the aether within me as the metaphorical limbs, I combined, sorted, and categorized these polyhedrons in an effort to understand what this convoluted guidebook was trying to tell me.
Finally, when my aether reserves fell to around a tenth of its capacity, I was pulled out of the realm. As my consciousness returned, I found myself seated in the same position I had been on the couch. The only thing that had changed was that the room—once brightly lit by the afternoon sun—was now almost completely dark.
“You’re finally done?” Regis asked, lifting his head while curled up beside me.
I stared at the crescent sun. “How long have I been out?”
“About five or six hours. I lost count after falling asleep.”
“You need sleep?” I asked.
Regis let out a wide yawn before answering. “It’s like a battery-saver mode. I consume less aether when I’m asleep so I can accumulate more ambient aether.”
“What a peculiar dog you are.”
“Shove it,” he groused before hopping off the couch. “So did you learn anything from the cube?”
“I don’t even know what I’m supposed to be learning.” I let out a sigh. “And the worst part is that I use up aether trying to study this piece of rock.”
“Damn, and I thought learning this reality-bending ability was going to be easy,” Regis said sarcastically as he walked away.
I kicked him below the tail, getting a sharp yelp out of my companion.
“Never thought I’d miss the days when I was incorporeal,” he grumbled before turning to me. “So what’s the plan now?”
I paused, thinking for a moment. “We have a few days to kill anyway so we might as well learn a bit more about the locals. The bestowment event is something I’d want to check out along with the schools tomorrow.”
Regis looked at me silently with a slightly stunned expression.
I frowned. “What is it?”

“Nothing. It’s just that, I thought you’d be scratching off your skin trying to find some way to get to the next Relictombs or something,” he muttered.
“I have been pretty on-edge lately, haven’t I?” I scratched my cheek.
Regis shrugged, his mane of purple fire fluttering. “It’s understandable. I don’t have a family aside from you but I’d be pretty nervous if I didn’t know what was going on with the ones I cared about.”
I stood silent, taken aback by Regis’ nonchalant mention of me as his family. It never occurred to me that he didn’t have anyone else except me. Even in this canine form of his, did I still see Regis as a weapon?
Regis narrowed his eyes. “What. Why are you staring at me like that?”
“I-It’s nothing.” I got up from my seat and headed toward the door.
“Where are we going?” he asked, trotting along behind me.
“Didn’t you hear what Loreni said earlier? There are a ton of mana beasts just outside of town.” I shot my companion a smirk. “I haven’t had the chance to really practice the limits of God Step.”
“We get to stretch our legs a bit and earn some money.” Regis mirrored my smirk. “Sounds good.”
***
I breathed in the crisp night air, our feet crunching against the foliage as the two of us rushed through the woods. We wanted to get further away from the town in case someone spotted us using aether, but that didn’t mean we didn’t kill a few rocavids on the way. These massive deer-like mana beasts had antlers not only on their heads, but down their spine and thick tails that they used as deadly clubs.
Deadly for normal mages, anyway. The mana beast couldn’t even react as I sunk my dagger between their eyes, since their hides were what was what we would need to sell.
Regis had a harder time keeping his kills clean, but between the two of us, it took less than an hour to hunt down half a dozen of the rocavids roaming around the dead of night. The only reason we stopped was because we ran out of space in the extradimensional rune.
“I thought the talking crystal said you can’t put organic things into the rune on your arm,” Regis commented as we neared a small clearing that led to the base of the hill.
“It seems like I can only put it in once they’re dead,” I answered, my eyes spotting a large boulder in the center of the clearing.
Stopping in front of the boulder that stood at least a foot over me, the words, ‘Danger. High-level mana beasts ahead’ were carved with ominous splashes of dried blood on its surface.
We crossed over to the other side of the clearing, where the ground began to gradually slope up as we trekked up the hill. While my vision had been enhanced by my new physique, being unable to sense mana now made finding mana beasts a much more challenging task.
While I was able to augment my senses using this new source of magic, I’d been unable to find a way to utilize aether to sense non-aetheric beings and objects.
However, not having any sort of mana signature coming from me or Regis meant that the stronger and more predatory wildlife here saw us as an easy meal.
The first mana beast that came after us was one I hadn’t seen before in Dicathen. It reminded me of my sister’s bond, Boo, if he had four arms and a crocodile-like jaw with three rows of serrated teeth.
“Keep watch in case of any passerbys,” I ordered Regis while I faced the beast.
With a gruesome snarl, the bear got down on all six of its limbs and charged at me with surprising speed. Putting away my dagger, I faced it head on.
While my aether reserves hadn’t been fully restored, tonight’s goal was merely to test out my new godrune. I didn’t know what tier this mana beast would be classified under but it would serve as a good guinea pig.

Aether surged out of my core, clinging to my skin. As the familiar warmth of the rune spread from my lower back, I focused on the location I would try to land.
The experience of initiating the aether art this time felt completely different from when I had first used it. My perception of the world around me changed, as if everything had been stretched in all directions. Particles of ambient aether now conjoined and looked like intertwining streams of purple coursing in the air, creating fluid pathways that interconnected and branched off.

Taking a ‘step’, I felt my body being carried by a jet stream as I rode the currents of aether. The problem was that there was no direct ‘route’ to the location I had determined—I had to ride these currents of aether that branched off to every inch of space that surrounded me. These streams didn’t extend infinitely though. The streams surrounded me in a ten yard radius, which was probably my current range of God Step.
Despite my limits, the result was astounding. Although my landing location wasn’t as accurate as I would’ve liked it to be, I had traveled ten yards in the blink of an eye.
The biggest difference between God Step and Burst Step, however, was the control of momentum. Since I was no longer bound by the inertia upon reaching my destination, it really felt like I was on the cusp of reaching true teleportation.
Tendrils of violet lightning coiled around me from using God Step as I appeared just beside the charging bear-like mana beast. It skidded to a stop but by the time it turned around, my aether-clad fist had already sunken into its side.
The beast’s giant body tumbled on the ground, crashing and breaking several trees in its path.
‘Are you setting off explosives or something?’ Regis voiced his complaints.
Sorry. I held back.
Due to its thick, mana-coated fur, the bear still lived but it scuttled away, letting out low whimpers.
I continued scouring through the woods, training God Step while hunting down mana beasts until the rocavid corpses within my ring had all been replaced.
Regis hunted as well, which allowed me to see what level he was at. Aside from the distance that we could be apart and his increasing capacity to hold aether, Regis’ growth in terms of strength wasn’t at a level where he could keep up with me. He needed to consume more aether, but the problem was, so did I.
Apart from collecting the relics, both in the Relictombs and out here in Alacrya, I needed to get my aether reserves large enough to awaken Sylvie from her comatose state.
“You okay?” Regis asked as we neared the base of the hill. “You’re rubbing your left arm again.”
“I’m fine,” I said, sticking my hands in my pockets.
Getting closer to town, Regis retreated back into my body and I found myself enjoying the quiet night, right up until I neared the site of a rocavid corpse I had left behind to make space in my extradimensional rune.
There was a figure, whose small frame indicated they couldn’t be older than ten, ripping apart the rocavid.
Hearing me approach, the child’s head shot up, looking around frantically until our eyes locked. The small boy leapt to his feet, pointing the jagged knife that he had been using to skin the rocavid. His sunken cheeks and tattered clothes spoke volumes of his status but it was his eyes that made me pause. His eyes were filled with desperation and fear as he stood between me and the rocavid corpse, but at the same time, I could see the determination within them.
His gaze reminded me of... me. Not as Arthur, but as Grey. It was the same gaze that I had when I first met Headmaster Wilbeck when she first found me on the streets.
“Boy,” I called out, eliciting a startled step back from the little kid. “Do you plan on using that knife on me?”
The kid slowly lowered his knife, wavering, before he lifted it back up and stepped toward me. “Th-This rocavid is mine.”
I tilted my head. “Did you kill it?”

He paused, lowering his head. “No...”
I stepped toward him. “Then why is it yours?”
“I f-found it first. I hid and waited but there wasn’t anybody to claim it,” the boy spoke, his tenor voice haggard but strong.
“What do you plan on doing with it?”
The boy held his ground as I continued to walk toward him, holding his trembling knife aloft. “My family needs it. If I can sell the hide, we can eat.”
I let out a scoff. “Wouldn’t it be simpler to just eat the rocavid’s meat?”
His shoulders slumped. “I...can’t carry it.”
I walked toward the boy without responding, startling him. Instead of backing away, however, he charged toward me with one hand over the other gripping the knife that was pointed at me.
Tripping his feet while slapping the knife out of his hands in one quick motion, the boy fell face first on the ground. Shaken but still determined to fight for the rocavid corpse, he jumped back up to his feet and lunged toward me with bare hands.
I side stepped and tripped him once more before picking up the corpse by its back legs. “Where’s your house?”
The boy got up, confused by my question.
I tilted my head. “Didn’t you want this corpse?”
“Yes!” he quickly sputtered. He whirled around and began to lead the way before stopping. Turning toward me, he gave me a fearful gaze. “Y-You’re not going to hurt my family, right?”
Staring at the boy, I let out a sigh. “What’s your name, boy?”
“Belmun,” he said warily.
“I’ll leave this close enough to your house where you can have your family come and help you take it after I leave,” I replied. “Does that sound okay?”
Belmun nodded before scurrying off. I smelled Belmun’s house before I could see it—the area that Chumo and Sembi had told me about. Shacks made from splintered wood and other discarded material lined the fenced ‘zone’ on the outskirts of the town. Torches were sparsely lit, leaving most of the homes shrouded in darkness.
“You can just leave that here,” Belmun said.
“Yeah,” I muttered, my gaze still taking in the sight in front of me.
To my surprise, Belmun bowed, his tattered clothes showing his exposed ribs. He gave me a toothy grin that finally made him look like a child. “Thank you, Sir.”
I arrived back at my residence, my mind unable to forget what I had seen. Even in Dicathen, the few slaves that I had seen before they had become banned were in better shape than Belmun.
“Didn’t think you were such an altruist,” Regis said, curling up on the leather couch. “Especially considering your hate for Alacryans.”
“I’m not an altruist,” I retorted, taking a seat as well. “He just reminded me of someone.”
Regis just shrugged before going back into his battery-saver mode. Although he didn’t need to breathe, the purple fire-like mane around his nape started pulsating rhythmically and I could see the aether particles slowly being absorbed by him.
As the peaceful silence lingered in the air, I checked what I had. I wasn’t a king anymore, nor was I a lance. The only things I had were my clothes, Caera’s knife, Sylvie’s stone, the relic cube, and corpses of some mana beasts.
Still, despite my limited belongings, the thing that weighed the most on my mind was the little kid. This was the society that Agrona had created. A society where—even more so than Dicathen and even my previous world—without strength, you were tossed aside as trash.
It’s not my place to intervene, I reminded myself. I have bigger things to worry about.
With sleep eluding me, I began meditating, refining the ambient aether into my core with a bitter taste in my mouth. From the bestowment tomorrow, to the exhibition and even beyond that, I was curious but also afraid to see what this continent would have in store for me. This continent ruled by deities that only saw these people as weapons and tools.





Chapter 278
Chapter 278: The Day of Bestowment
A soft knock on the front door snapped my eyes open. Spending the entire night refining my aether core had increased not only the amount of aether I could store but the speed at which the aether travelled through my newly-forged passages as well. The improvement was miniscule compared to my time in the Relictombs, but any amount of progress felt better than sitting by idly.
“Ascender Grey,” a soft voice called out through the door.
After getting up and having Regis withdraw back into my body, I opened the wooden entrance to see a girl that looked like Loreni, except a few years younger and with longer hair, waiting timidly.
For a moment she simply stared at me as I waited for her to speak, her mouth slightly ajar.
“Yes?” I finally asked.
“Ah!” She shook her head. “My apologies, Ascender Grey. My name is Mayla and I’ve been instructed by my sist—Loreni to assist esteemed ascender during your stay in Maerin.”
So they are sisters, I mused before replying. “You came at a good time, Mayla. I was actually wondering when the bestowment would be happening today.”
“It’s not until later this afternoon so Ascender Grey has some time to rest and get ready if you wish to attend,” she answered, keeping her gaze downcast.
“It’s actually getting a little stuffy in here so I’d like to take a stroll. Would you mind accompanying me?”
“Of course!” Mayla exclaimed.
“Ah, before that, though. I have a cart filled with mana beast corpses. Can you get a few men to bring it down to whichever shop I could sell them to?”
“Right away!” Mayla gave me a quick bow before scurrying back to town.
After she was gone, I used one of the empty horse-pulled wagons in the back of the house and began taking the beast corpses out of my extradimensional rune.
‘Is all this necessary?’ Regis asked.
“The story we’re going with is that I lost my dimension ring, remember?”
By the time Mayla came back with three burly townsmen, I had finished piling the corpses on the surprisingly sturdy wagon.
“Th-This...” A bearded man sporting a tank top to show off his muscles paled at the sight of the mana beasts while his two companions stepped back in shock.
I frowned. “Is there a problem?”
“N-N-None at all, esteemed ascender,” the bearded man said, carefully poking the leg of the bear-like mana beast. “It’s just that...these beasts are considered dangerous to even a team of mid-tier mages.”
With no reference to how powerful a mid-tier mage actually was, I just shrugged. “Please take these to town and give the money to either Mayla or Loreni.”
“Yes!” The three bowed once more before the bearded man began lugging the cart while his two companions pushed from the back.
Mayla and I took our time walking down the small hill leading back down to the downtown plaza of Maerin when I noticed her looking at the rune on my right forearm.
“Is something the matter?” I asked, suddenly very conscious that having a rune on your arm might be abnormal.
“My apologies for staring, Ascender Grey,” she said, peeling her eyes away. “I’ve heard many nobles and even highbloods have rune glyphs tattooed on their bodies but it’s my first time seeing one in person.”
“O-Oh,” I muttered. “Is it not popular in these parts?”
“Permanent ink capable of withstanding the properties of mana flowing through the skin is very rare and expensive to come by, and laws are very strict around these inks because it can be used to forge fake marks—which is why tattooing near the back is strictly forbidden—so rather than it being popular...” Mayla let out a chuckle as she rubbed her arm nervously. “My apologies, Ascender Grey. I’m sure you already know this.”
“It seems like you and the rest of the townspeople resort to apologizing very often,” I commented with a smile. “It’s fine. You seem very knowledgeable about this. Are you a mage yourself?”
“Oh not at all! Although...today is also the day of my bestowment,” she admitted, flushing with embarrassment.
“Congratulations in advance,” I remarked as we neared the gate to town. “Any particular element or class you’d like to be in?”
“Even though I know I’m a bit on the older side and my chances are low, I would very much like to be an instiller. I know that casters and strikers are the most sought after in academies and powerful bloods, but I’m no good at fighting,” Mayla admitted.
I pondered for a moment at her words. I had heard of the three classes of battle mages as well as the supporting ‘sentry’ class. In Aya’s brief, there was a detailed account of the powerful sentry who had managed to use her magic to create a path in the magical Elshire Forest for the Alacryan army to invade Elenoir.

Her name was...something Milview if I recall correctly. I also knew that she was just one of the many mages capable of using elemental magic to scout and scry long distances, however, I had never heard of instillers.
“What do you want to do as an instiller?” I asked, hoping to gain more information about this class.
“I want to create necessary artifacts to help the impoverished people all over Alacrya,” Mayla effused, eyes suddenly vibrant. “For example, I know that there are artifacts capable of purifying water but they’re currently too expensive to make on a large scale. However, I’ve done some research and realized that not all the components for the artifact are necessary and a lot of them can be replaced with cheaper materials so—”
Mayla let out a gasp and bowed at me. “I didn’t mean to lecture you, esteemed ascender.”
“I was the one who asked the question, Mayla,” I remarked. “It’d be silly for me to get angry because you answered me. Especially when you’re so excited.”
Mayla reminded me of Emily back in Dicathen. Her excitement and passion for artificing was second to none. The thought of my curly-haired friend made my chest squeeze.
“A-Anyway, did Ascender Grey have anywhere in mind to go first?”
“Since the mana beast corpses will be taken care of, do you mind if we stop by the schools?”
“Certainly! It would be an honor if esteemed ascender visited! I know the students at our striker school would love to get some pointers—of course that’s only if esteemed ascender wishes to,” Mayla said.
The irony of training the future soldiers that would ultimately attack Dicathen caused a laugh to burst out of my mouth. I covered my mouth with my hand, trying to stifle my laughter.
Mayla regarded me with utter confusion. “D-Did I say something odd?”
“No, it’s...nothing,” I said, composing myself. “Anyway, let’s take a look through the academies.”
***
The visit to the caster school was brief. They were having practice outside today so I could see over the fence surrounding the training grounds each of the caster students participating in target practice shooting bolts of pure mana. From the power of their spell, to the amount they could fire as well as the accuracy, each of the kids showed varying levels of competency.
‘How cute,’ Regis remarked.
“It doesn’t seem like these students are using their marks,” I noted.
“The students here are still adjusting to their marks so they’re not yet allowed to utilize their elemental magic yet. Once they’ve been deemed a base tier mage, they’ll be allowed to practice the elemental spell their marks carry,” Mayla explained as we watched from the other side of the metal fence.
She turned her head left and right as if looking for something before letting out a gasp. “Ah! I forgot that the primary students are practicing in the arena today in preparation for the upcoming exhibition. My apologies, esteemed ascender. Both the instructors and students are much more excited this year because of the recruiter coming from Stormcove Academy.”
“Is Stormcove Academy that much of a prestigious place?” I asked, genuinely curious.
Mayla thought for a moment before answering. “Well, it is an official academy so students accepted will have housing and basic needs provided for them within the campus to be fully immersed in training. Stormcove is also one of the higher ranked academies in not only Aramoor City but the entire Grevorind Region. That being said, this is still all relative.”
The two of us began making our way to the shield school as Mayla continued to explain.
“Compared to the elite academies in the rest of the Etril Dominion and even the other four dominions, which have even more prestigious academies, I guess Stormcove isn’t much. It’s why esteemed ascender has most likely never heard of Stormcove Academy.” Mayla rubbed her neck as she blushed slightly. “I can only imagine how pitiful our schools look compared to prestigious highblood academies in the central domain.”
I remained silent while taking in all of this information. It seemed like the entire economy in Alacrya glorified self-improvement in strength and was even centered around it. Was this all funded by Agrona? I couldn’t imagine a viable way for a proper economy to form around just training and getting stronger aside from hunting mana beasts and going down the Relictombs.
“D-Did I talk too much again, esteemed ascender? My sister, I mean, Loreni, often berates me for this.”
“No! I like it,” I answered quickly. Mayla was a goldmine for information and the best part was that I didn’t have to ask questions that might normally be common sense. I stopped mid-step, alarming the little girl. “Mayla, do you know what dungeons are?”
“Dungeons? Of course—my mother would tell me the story all the time as a child,” she answered. “It really is amazing how the great Vritras led by the mighty Agrona vanquished all of those dangerous dungeons in order to keep us safe.”
It was both hard and easy to imagine Agrona and the rest of his clan wiping out all of the dungeons in order to build an economy around exploring the Relictombs.
“What do you know about the other continent then?” I asked, studying her expression.
“Dicathen?” Mayla tilted her head. “I’ve heard stories from passing merchants about how savage and undeveloped they are. It’s scary to think of an entire continent where mages run amok and dungeons still exist. Thankfully, Sovereign Agrona has decided to liberate them.”
“Liberate?” I echoed, pushing down the fiery rage rising up from my core. “I see.”
The shield academy was a bit more entertaining, but we didn’t stay long either. Mayla guessed that the primary class of the shields were also in the arena since the shields and casters often trained together. It made sense seeing as the shield’s practice was to either take damage for their teammates if they were a melee shield or create defenses from afar if they were a ranged shield.
After watching the secondary class focus on doing movement drills while maintaining a stable shroud of protective mana over their bodies.
Finally we arrived at the striker school, where both the primary and secondary students were present and currently about to spar.
“Remember, release and focus your mana from your core to the rune glyphs that make up your mark! Pay attention to the warmth that spreads from your mark and let that feeling guide you. Don’t try to control it!” advised a scowling woman garbed in a layered robe of muted colors.

Despite her salt-and-pepper hair and the wrinkles lining her face exposing her age, she carried herself with poise as she strode around the two students wearing padded leather practice-gear while the rest of the class sat against the walls.
From what I could tell in the gaps of the protective headgear that they wore, the two students looked around the same age as Mayla. Each one of them fought barehand and even without being able to sense mana, a faint shroud of white clung to their bodies.
“Begin!” the woman barked.

The two students that were facing each other in a neutral stance, a girl and a boy, triggered their spells with surprising swiftness.
The girl’s spell materialized first—a short blade of fire surrounding her open palms. She dashed toward the boy who was barely able to conjure his bracers of fire in time to block her first strike.
Their two flames intertwined from the impact as the boy was forced to retreat a few steps. Cheers from some of the children on the sidelines rang in support for the girl as some of the boy’s friends cracked jokes.
With gritted teeth, the boy rushed forth and the two began to spar. Despite their young age, each showed a shocking amount of agility and strength while their techniques seemed almost ingrained into their movements.
“The instructor is good,” I muttered, vaguely remembering Chumo and Sembi’s praise toward this woman as Mayla and I watched from the hallway.
Mayla and I continued to watch from the hallway while the spar soon came to an end. The instructor intervened just as the girl was about to launch a critical strike on the boy’s open side. The aged instructor called out the results and was just about to start on the next pair of children when she saw me.
Mayla bowed at the instructor as she regarded me for a second with her sharp eyes.
“Instructor Resbin, this is Ascender Grey,” she said without lifting her head.
Her eyes widened for a moment but otherwise kept calm as she dipped her head in a formal gesture. “My apologies for not welcoming you sooner, Ascender Grey. You hid your mana so well that I didn’t know such a powerful individual had been so close.”
I raised a hand in a placating gesture. “It’s fine. I had no intention of interrupting your class.”
By this time, the children that had been spread out against the walls were all standing and taking peeks at me. Gasps and mutters soon filled the room until Instructor Resbin silenced them, but that didn’t stop their sparkling stares from boring into me.
“Instructor Resbin was actually once an instructor from Stormcove Academy,” Mayla said proudly before turning to the aged instructor. “Ascender Grey just told me how good you were!”
“Thank you, Ascender Grey,” she replied but her eyes continued to assess me.
“I simply noted what I saw,” I said with a polite nod. “Please continue.”
I turned to leave, not particularly having a reason to stay here any longer, when Instructor Resbin called out.
“Forgive my insolence, Ascender Grey, but as you know, the annual exhibition is in just two days. My students and I would be most honored if an esteemed ascender showed us some pointers.”
Looking back over my shoulders I stared at the woman.
“You say pointers, but your eyes say you want blood. I have no interest in engaging in a meaningless fight just to have you gauge your own strength.” I gave her a smile. “Now, if you’ll excuse me.”
I walked out of the striker school with Mayla following beside me with an uncomfortable expression.
‘You’re no fun.’ Regis remarked. ‘I was hoping for a show,’
I know you’re bored. Just hold on for a few more days.
By the time we reached the town proper, the center of the plaza had been redecorated for the bestowment ceremony as a line of twenty or so kids had already formed. Near the end of the line was a kid I actually recognized.
‘Hey, isn’t that the boy that tried to stab you last night?’ Regis asked.
It was Belmun. I could make out more of his features in the daylight, but it only seemed to highlight how malnourished he was underneath a clean button-up shirt that was obviously too big for him.
Thoughts of whether he and his family managed to eat last night and if they were able to sell the leather cropped up in my mind.
“Didn’t you say that the ceremony starts later?” I asked, pushing away these thoughts and berating myself for worrying about the kid.
“Yes, but oftentimes lines always form beforehand,” she said, her eyes watching nervously as the line grew longer.
“Then shouldn’t you be going too?”
Mayla turned to me. “Oh no! It’s okay, esteemed ascender. It’s my responsibility to assist you so I’ll just get in line once the ceremony actually begins.”
I let out a sigh. “Just go. I’ll be fine.”

There was a trace of reluctance in her expression but her impatience won over. After thanking me, she bolted to the end of the line.
‘She’s a good kid,’ Regis voiced. ‘Too bad she and all the rest of the people in this continent have been brainwashed by Agrona.’
Not sure if brainwashed is the right word but, yeah.
The ceremony progressed once a man dressed in complete black walked up toward the elevated platform with two hooded figures in gray behind him. The most notable part of his wardrobe was an obsidian staff that he carried. A small gem was embedded at the top that glimmered in the colors of not only the elemental attributes but also had a faint trace of aether.
Regis noticed it too and I could feel his hunger for it.
“Esteemed ascender,” a voice called out faintly from behind.
I turned to see Loreni dressed in her work attire, a layer of sweat above her brows. “Please forgive me. I completely forgot that Mayla had her bestowment again today.”
My brows furrowed “Again? Has Mayla been bestowed before?”
“Ah. She’s been trying to get her first mark for the past three years now since children are required to be tested since the age of six,” she explained, her expression tinged in concern. “If a mark doesn’t form during today’s bestowment, I’m afraid she’ll most likely be deemed an unadorned like me.”
“How bad is that...” I began before hurriedly adding, “around here?”
“Being a non-mage is always looked down upon but Mayla is well acquainted with everyone in Maerin, so she should be fine,” she said with a slight smile. “I was devastated too when I was deemed an unadorned but thankfully, everyone was still very nice to me—oh, it’s about to begin!”
I watched along with the rest of the town as the first child scurried up the stairs and knelt before the officiant holding the obsidian staff. After muttering a lengthy incantation in a language I didn’t recognize, the officiant walked around the kneeling boy and placed the tip of his staff just above his tailbone.
Blood dripped from the boy’s back as the gem began glowing until finally the officiant withdrew his weapon and instructed the boy to turn around and lift up his shirt.
“Fiorin of Town Maerin has been adorned with the mark of a caster! May he bring pride to his blood and vanquish all who stand in the way of our mighty sovereigns!”
Cheers rang and I could see the boy beaming in pride even while tears of pain lined his cheeks. After he stepped down and ran into the embrace of his family, the next child came up.
The bestowment day went on, with every spectrum of emotions being displayed by the child as well as his family, from utter joy and pride to despair and even anger.
While the event was interesting and even insightful toward the cultures of Alacrya, I grew bored...until Belmun stepped up onto the podium. Anticipation rose as I watched him walk up the stairs to the expressionless officiant.
I could hear some mutters of disapproval and even some of disgust as Belmun knelt silently in front of the officiant. However, everyone’s expressions changed as the officiant’s staff grew brighter than normal. Even the poker-faced officiant’s eyes glimmered in interest until the gem dimmed and Belmun fell to the ground.
With the crowd deathly silent, the officiant hurriedly lifted Belmun’s shirt and let out a sharp breath before helping the boy up to his feet.
“Belmun of Town Maerin has been adorned with the crest of a striker!” he exclaimed as Belmun looked at the man in utter shock.
“A crest?” Loreni sputtered.
The entire plaza seemed to have let out a gasp in unison before mutters began growing in volume. However, two adults struck out to me as they began crying while hugging each other. Belmun practically leaped off the stage and bound toward what looked like his parents and fell into their embrace.
“Belmun of Town Maerin will be further assessed before being placed in an appropriate academy!” the officiant declared as he regained his composure.
I watched as the officiant’s hooded assistants escorted Belmun and his family away.
“Is Belmun someone esteemed ascender knows?” Loreni asked, snapping me out of my daze.
“Huh?” I turned to Loreni. “Why do you ask that?”
“Esteemed ascender was smiling for a moment so I just thought...” Loreni shook her head. “Forgive me for assuming.”
The bestowment resumed like normal—with either the kids getting a mark or not getting one—until Mayla stepped up onto the platform.
Loreni clasped her hands as she looked at her sister kneeling onstage.
I didn’t know what would happen since Mayla was one of the oldest kids there, but what I didn’t expect was for the officiant’s staff to grow even brighter than it did for Belmun.
“Th-This...” the officiant muttered, completely bewildered this time. “Mayla of Town Maerin has been adorned with the... emblem of a sentry!”
I heard Regis let out a whistle as the plaza broke out into cheers. The crowd and even the officiant was ecstatic as the black-robed man even went as far as to pat her on the back. However, both Mayla and Loreni wore a solemn expression at the turn of the event.
“Are you not happy at your sister earning an emblem?” I asked, curious.
“Oh n-no, of course I’m happy, esteemed ascender! I’m very proud of her,” she said as her gaze fell. “Please excuse me, esteemed ascender. I will go congratulate my sister.”
I watched as she walked toward the stage, using her sleeve to wipe her face.
“A crest and even an emblem,” a voice muttered behind me. “It looks like our town will get a lot of extra resources this year. It’s a shame for Loreni though. I heard that talented sentries are trained rigorously and sent down the most to the Relictombs.”
“Shhh, don’t say that out loud, you idiot. Mayla should be proud that she will be able to better serve our sovereigns in finding the relics!” another voice said.
So that’s what it was, I thought while staring at Mayla and Loreni. The two embraced in tears that I might’ve mistook for joy had I not known.
Ignoring the ache in my chest, I made my way out of the town plaza and back to the house.





Chapter 279
Chapter 279: A Social Gathering
The first rays of dawn peeked above the horizon by the time Regis and I had climbed back from the beast-riddled hill just off of Town Maerin. I had focused solely on practicing God Step—falling more times than I could count in the process—while Regis scouted around the area, doing a bit of hunting on his own.
Though progress was slow, I was still proud of the visible growth in the mastery of my first official godrune. I was able to reach the destination I had determined, using God Step with much better precision than I had at first.
That is, with no obstacles, of course. Taking into consideration the obstacles blocking my ‘path’, God Step became exponentially more difficult to use.
There were several ways around this, of course. I could use God Step in a straight line, much like I had with Burst Step, but doing so would be basically using the blunt edge of the sword.
Alternatively, I could spend a prolonged period of time focusing and mapping out the ‘path’ I could take in order to arrive at my intended destination... but that was a little hard to do while a two thousand-pound mana beast charged after me, and changing positions even slightly altered the ‘path’.
The silver lining behind all this was that my initial development of Burst Step back in Epheotus had served as training wheels for God Step. Along with my augmented reflexes from my aether core and a dragon of the Indrath Clan’s physique, I knew that mastering this was only a matter of time and effort.
Regis, on the other hand, had yet to gain the insights in activating the rune of destruction despite my guidance.
I knew that if I used the destruction rune one or two more times, he would be able to gain insight into the edict, but I was honestly afraid of what might happen while I was under the pseudo-psychotic state that the edict evoked.
Still, thanks to the fact that unlike mana, ambient aether was everywhere, Regis managed to make strides in strengthening his own aether reserves. Through this, his strength had not only increased, but the range that he could be apart from me had expanded.
His entire form seemed to illustrate his growing strength as the two horns that twisted and gnarled behind his ears had become even more intricate. Not only that but his entire form seemed to become more corporeal and real as the purple fire that made up his mane looked like real flames instead of smoky wisps.
With my head cleared of the events during the bestowment ceremony and my aether core empty, I neared the stone sign that indicated we were back within the ‘safe’ zone. To my surprise, there was someone waiting for me just beside the carved boulder in the clearing.
‘Isn’t that the kid...er, Velma? From last night?’ Regis asked, his form hiding within me.
Are you sure you’re an intelligent weapon? I teased, before calling out to the boy. “Belmun?”
‘Sentient weapon,’ Regis corrected with a grumble.
Belmun shot up to his feet at the sound of his name being called. He bolted toward me, the wind tossing back his long unkempt hair to reveal a busted lip, bruised eye, and a swollen cheek.
The boy shot me a wide grin as he waved his hand. “Mister!”
Belmun skidded to a stop in front of me and plopped down to his knees. “Please teach me how to fight!”
Noticing the bruises and welts all over his exposed arms and the hardened look on his face, I couldn’t help but admire the boy’s determination.

“No,” I answered, walking past him.
“W-Wait!” Belmun scrambled back in front of me. “I don’t have anything to offer now, but I’ve been bestowed a crest earlier today!”
I raised a brow. “So?”
The boy scratched his head. “S-So I have incredible talent! I don’t have anything to offer you right now, but in the future, when I’m a famous or even ranked ascender, I’ll pay you back!”
I don’t know what came over me as I saw the confident—almost smug—expression on Belmun’s face but I released a wave of aetheric force, lacing in just enough killing intent to bring the boy on all fours while choking.
Withdrawing my intent as well as the palpable pressure exerted through the ambient aether around us, I stared deadpan at Belmun, now gasping for air. “Don’t be so ignorant. The world’s a large place and your talent in this small town might be comparable to the street rats of a major city.”
Arriving back at the manor, Regis emerged and jumped on the leather couch. “I didn’t think you’d get so emotional with the little boy.”
I frowned. “I wasn’t emotional.”
“Please. You barely care for the people here enough to exchange more than a sentence with them unless you’re prying for information,” Regis replied, laying down. “But you not only helped the kid, but you gave him advice.”
Taking off my shirt, I retorted, “That wasn’t advice. His smug attitude after getting a bit of recognition annoyed me.”
Regis rolled his eyes as he curled up into his ‘meditative’ state.
I let out a sigh as I sat down on the ground. I knew why I acted like that—I just didn’t want to admit to myself that the little boy reminded me of myself in a lot of ways. Slapping my cheeks to focus, I closed my eyes as the warm blanket of the morning light enveloped me and began refining my aether core once more.
***
Over the next several days leading up to the annual exhibition, Regis and I had fallen into a comfortable rhythm largely away from the curious denizens of Town Maerin.
Without the need to sleep aside from a few hours once every three days, I had been using my mornings refining my core in order to replenish my aether reserves enough to study the cuboid relic in the afternoons. In the evenings and overnight, I would stay near the peak of the tree-filled hill practicing not only God Step but also fighting with aether in general.
Mayla had stopped by the first day after the bestowment but I told her I wouldn’t be going anywhere and made her go back home. I didn’t want her to spend the majority of the day with me when her time with her sister was so limited now.
I did find out from her later on, though, that Belmun had started training seriously at the striker until he would enroll in Stormcove Academy. It turned out that the bruises he had received the night after the bestowment was because he got into a fight with some of the striker students.
While progress had been made in both studying the cuboid relic as well as God Step, I was slowly growing more and more impatient staying in this small town.
So when the day of the annual exhibition finally came, I was actually excited.
“Are you sure you want to do this now?” Regis asked, staring at me.

I held Sylvie’s stone tenderly in my palms. “It’s been a while since I’ve tried and my aether core has gotten stronger after practicing God Step.”
“I know, but didn’t your last attempt almost completely suck your aether reserves dry? Will you be okay during the exhibition?”

“Exactly. I can’t train today because of the exhibition anyway so I might as well. Now shush.” I replied, focusing on the translucent stone as I released aether from my core.
I was met with the same sensation of the aether draining from my body as a shroud of purple enveloped the stone. Unlike last time when it felt like I was trying to fill a pond a few drops at a time, I could now feel an actual stream of aether reaching the inner dimension within the stone. With my aether purer and denser than before, there was even less aether being wasted through the ‘filtration’ process that occurred within the stone as well.
Still, while definite progress was made, by the time I was left sweating and gasping from the strain of having nearly all of my aether sucked out of me, there were no visible changes to the translucent stone.
I put the stone back into the extradimensional rune and fell back on the cold floor.
Staring at the ceiling, I thought of how far I still needed to go. Even after I had gotten this far, it felt like I had barely taken a step forward in this leg of the journey. But what I feared most was what would happen after I reached the last leg.
Would fulling imbuing aether into the stone truly bring back Sylvie? She had given me her physical form in order to save me. Would she truly come back as the same Sylvie I knew and loved? Would she come back at all?
My chest ached at these thoughts and it felt like my body had just grown several times heavier as my motivation and determination wavered.
No. You’ve come this far, Arthur. You can’t stop now.
Letting out a sharp breath, I got up and changed. The sensation of the black leather-like armor clinging to my skin was a welcome change after the previous cloth outfit.
The gentle knock on the door told me it was nearly time for the exhibition to begin.
“Let’s go,” I said to Regis. With a nod, his form disappeared into my back.
After pulling the teal robe over my shoulders and inserting the white dagger within the hidden pocket on the inner lining, I headed toward the door.
I was greeted by a somber Mayla. She gave me a smile that didn’t quite reach her eyes. “Good Morning, Ascender Grey.”
“Mayla?” I raised a brow. “I thought I said to send over someone else to escort me.”
The girl that looked to be just a few years younger than my sister shook her head. “I couldn’t do that. My mind would be more at peace guiding esteemed ascender myself. Thank you for your consideration though. I have enjoyed the last few days with my sister.”
“It’s good if you’re fine then,” I muttered, scratching my cheek.
The two of us walked down the hill leading to the town proper in silence. The once talkative girl seemed to be lost in thought, stumbling several times on the uneven road.

“Ah, I almost forgot,” Mayla suddenly said, turning to me. “Chief Mason has your runecard prepared with the money you’ve earned from selling the mana beasts. He figured since you lost your dimension ring that even with the fee, it’d be more practical than carrying around a bag of gold.”
‘Runecards are physical cards linked to a banking institution using runes so that you don’t have to carry physical money around,’ Regis explained simply after a quick mental nudge from me.
“I’ll be sure to pick it up before I leave,” I answered, impressed once again by how advanced Alacrya was compared to Dicathen. I was tempted to figure out how to subtly ask more about how the banking institutions here worked when we arrived at the town proper.
The atmosphere today was much livelier than it had been a few days ago and it only grew worse as we reached the arena. The din of dozens of conversations all fighting for supremacy overpowered the soldiers trying to manage the growing crowd.
Luckily, we didn’t have to take the main entrance. The two of us were escorted by one of the guards toward a side entrance leading to the area.
“I will take my leave here, esteemed ascender,” Mayla said, lowering her head. “Only officials of the towns and guests from Stormcove Academy are allowed inside this viewing room.”
Watching her walk back, leaving me with the guard in the well-lit corridor, I cursed inwardly for thinking that I’d be able to watch the exhibition in peace. I could already guess how stifling a room filled with town officials brown nosing the Stormcove Academy representatives would be.
The usher standing at the far end of the corridor hurriedly opened the cherrywood door and directed me inside as he called out, “Ascender Grey has arrived!”
I walked into the open-air room that looked over the arena that had rows of preadolescents in uniforms that distinctly highlighted their towns.
The room was decorated modestly with vases of flowers on dark wood furniture. The lack of seats in this ‘sitting area’ seemed to suggest the promotion of walking around and getting to know each other.
Inside were distinguished individuals of varying ages all garbed in lavish suits or dresses. They each held a wine glass in their hand like they were posing for a picture as they stared at me.
“Esteemed ascender!” a familiar, booming voice called out. Chief Mason wore a fitted suit that highlighted his broad frame. His salt and pepper hair was slicked back while his beard was properly combed and tied near the end.
He handed me one of the many wine flutes displayed on the cocktail tables arranged throughout the room before turning to the rest of the people present in the room. “We’re all so excited to have you with us today!”
“Thank you for having me.”I accepted the glass and turned to the staring individuals, raising my glass and presenting a smile. “I must’ve gotten a bit excited myself, seeing as how I’m dressed to join the kids down there rather than to drink here.”
Laughter rang, breaking the tension as the officials present began flocking us.
‘Wow. Who is this smooth-talker and what have you done with the angsty Arthur that I grew to tolerate? I thought you said you were bad at social gatherings,’ Regis said.
Shut it. And I said I didn’t like social gatherings. That doesn’t mean I’m bad at them.
“As expected of esteemed ascender. Not only is your presence so imposing, but your looks are stunning as well,” a woman that seemed to be in her early twenties said with a giggle, brushing her hand against mine.
I smiled back as I took a step toward her. “Please. Call me Grey.”
Not bothering to learn her name, I made my way through the crowd of over twenty. Dismissing their overeagerness to introduce themselves to me and flaunt whatever morsel of power they had in order to appeal to me, I kept a charming and lighthearted air.
I had gone through several glasses of wine as I exchanged greetings and a drink with the people present while learning more about the three neighboring towns when my entire body suddenly shuddered.
Regis felt it too as my entire attention was suddenly pulled toward the door we had entered from.
“Elder Cromely of Stormcove Academy, students Aphene and Pallisun of Stormcove Academy have arrived!” the usher announced, opening the door.
The chatter and laughter surrounding me was soon drowned out by the blood pumping in my ears as both Regis and I focused on the lean, grizzled man garbed in a dark suit.
More specifically, what caught our attention was the unassuming stone that lay mounted on the sleek obsidian cane in his hand. The unassuming stone that held a considerable amount of aether within its decrepit surface.





Chapter 280
Chapter 280: The Catch
I tore my gaze from the stone adorning the man’s black cane and studied the three guests that had just arrived.
The hook-nosed and pale-skinned Cromely exchanged polite but terse greetings with the flock of town officials and their family members. The two students that looked around my age barely spoke as they kept their chins raised and chests puffed.
The female student referred to as Aphene had an athlete’s body with long, slim legs that were accentuated by her uniform. Her fierce gaze bore into me behind her dark bangs, singling me out.
Dismissing her provocation as cute at most, I turned my gaze to the blonde man that looked like he’d spent a tad too much time in front of a mirror. Compared to his brusque female schoolmate, the student named Pallisun met everyone with a practiced smile that seemed to convey his hubris in a more implicit way.
Watching the teen strut in his white suit, which was embroidered with a single embellished shoulder guard, I was reminded of a rainbowgoose displaying its feathers during mating season.
Regis chortled at my comparison, agreeing wholeheartedly.
The trio eventually made their way to me. Following behind them were the entourage of townsmen doing whatever they could to curry their favor or even have them look in their general direction.
“An honor to have an ascender in our presence,” the older representative intoned, his expression not quite matching his words. “My name is Cromely of Blood Mandrick. This is my granddaughter, Aphene,” he introduced before gesturing to the student on his left. “And this student is Pallisun of Blood Blather. Both of you, introduce yourselves.”
Aphene dipped her head, a bit reluctant. “Aphene of Blood Mandrick.”
Pallisun, who was around my height but with a bit more bulk, scanned me from head to toe.
“Pallisun of Blood Blather,” he greeted, releasing a bit of mana that clung tightly against his frame in an attempt to show off his control.
‘What a rainbowgoose,’ Regis judged.
“A pleasure to meet you all. And thank you again, for taking me with you to Aramoor City,” I said to Comer with an amiable smile. He was my ticket out of here, after all.
“It is nothing,” he replied humbly.
“Hearing that our town had an ascender visiting, Elder Cromely brought along the top students of Stormcove Academy,” Chief Mason explained.
The Stormcove representative’s gaze flickered over the town chief dismissively before adding, “Yes, while they can’t yet compare to Ascender Grey, they’ll both be transferred to an ascender institute in the central domain rather soon.”
I regarded the two students with a casual smile. “Congratulations in advance.”
Pallisun craned his neck to get that extra inch over me as he replied. “You seem very young, esteemed ascender. I can’t imagine you having much experience yet, but I’d still love to hear of your tales down in the Relictombs.”
Regis bristled. ‘Please, let me humble this man.’

It’s beneath us to bully them. Plus, I’m baiting them on purpose, I quickly sent to Regis before replying to the vain blonde.
“It’s quite the pleasant place for a stroll. Do you care to join me the next time I go?” I asked with a wink.
A few chuckles rang from the crowd around us. Pallisun’s brow twitched in restrained annoyance as he stifled a laugh as well.
“Please excuse me while I get a drink,” Pallisun said with a forced smile. “Let’s go, Aphene.”
The two students turned around and headed off to one of the tables behind them. As they did so, I couldn’t help but think that it was a shame their backs were covered, hiding their runes.
Not dwelling on it, I made myself comfortable against the ledge overlooking the exhibition. Below, the host in charge of mediating the event was having the students walk in a circle to wave at the audience.
Cheers broke out as most of the students headed out of the center field, leaving behind only one group of students that looked to be about eight to ten in age.
The day progressed as we watched the various events showcasing both the magical and physical prowess of the students.
Caster students had been up first. Workers brought targets and laid them on the opposite side of the field for the students to try and hit with both accuracy and power. After that, they began running through an obstacle course while hitting targets without stopping.
While I didn’t condone child soldiers, it was impressive to see even the children in this small town effortlessly go through the complicated obstacle course while firing like trained combatants heading for war.
A war against Dicathen.
Damn it, I cursed myself for thinking unnecessary thoughts. Anything I did to try and go against Alacrya at this point wouldn’t even amount to the dirt underneath Agrona’s nails.
Swallowing the bitter taste in my mouth, I continued watching while the caster students finished and the host called for the shields to step up back onto the arena. Their exhibition consisted of each of the shields protecting two mannequins from blunted projectiles made of wood and stone.
“At that age, I would be fighting to the death against a mana beast my father had captured in order to build battle experience,” a clear voice declared a few feet to my right.
I shifted my gaze to see Pallisun standing with a frilly-dress girl under each arm. He continued to brag loudly about his training as a shield at their age. Meanwhile the girls cooed and giggled as if his very words contained gold.
He wasn’t the only one enjoying the spectacle below. During these two events, the other officials from the neighboring towns made wagers on their own local students, while the names of promising students were mentioned and praised loudly enough in the hopes that Cromely could hear.
As the shield students of Town Ludro, Cessir, Deura and Maerin stepped down, the atmosphere shifted. While both the casters and shields received enthusiastic cheers throughout their events, they paled in comparison to when the striker students stepped up on the platform that had been raised for their tournament.
This particular event would consist of six representative strikers from each town, all partaking in the tournament. They’d start by having the six duel each other for the spot of representing their towns and it would end with the remaining striker from each town facing off in the semi-finals and finals.
After the host reminded the strikers that intentionally losing to let a specific member of their town advance was strictly forbidden, the tournament commenced.
While I didn’t expect much, I had to admit that I enjoyed the exhibition. Judging by how Aphene had stopped bothering to watch after the first match, I’m sure she would disagree.
The children fought with practiced movements, displaying prowess in both physical and magical abilities. Because of how the marks or crests they had confined the scope of their spell to take form into a specific shape or action, they had to rely on understanding and outmaneuvering their opponents—utilizing their magic as a tool rather than relying on it.
“I can’t imagine this little pageant would entertain you in any way,” a thin voice intoned from behind.

“You’d be mistaken then,” I said lightly without turning around. “At this level, their ‘weapons’ are unsharpened and inflexible. This forces them to be more quick-witted and creative. Don’t you agree, Elder Cromely?”
The older man stepped up next to me, a brow raised in thought. “Are you saying that the sharper our weapons get, the slower and more unimaginative we become?”
I shifted my gaze to Cromely with a smirk pulling at the edge of my mouth. “That would depend on the person, but the temptation to lean heavily on the sharpest tool is always there. Isn’t that why we’ve evolved from fighting with our bare fists in the first place?”

Cromely blinked for a second before letting out a laugh. “Wise words that I haven’t thought of myself. Perhaps the Relictombs bestow wisdom upon its ascenders.”
“Perhaps.”
Turning my gaze back to the next pair of striker students stepping up onto the arena. “So have you found anyone worth admitting to Stormcove Academy?”
“I’ve already scanned the entire lot of students and not a single one carries the mana reserves worthy of bringing in,” he replied in a tone that said he had expected it. “Still. The Headmaster of our academy requested we bring more talents from outside Aramoor City so I’ll just take the winner of this little tournament.”
“Is that so. To me, it sounds like you never had any intention to take this seriously,” I mused.
“Truthfully, I was reluctant to visit this...outpost.” Cromely then turned to me, his hooked nose less than an arm’s length away from my face. “If that old bear of a man hadn’t told me an actual ascender was here and needed a favor, I wouldn’t have bothered coming, let alone with my top two students.”
“It seems like you’re implying something, Elder Cromely,” I responded, casting a sideways glance at the older man. “I wasn’t aware that there were strings attached for my short trip to Aramoor Academy.”
“No strings attached, of course,” he quickly responded with a dry laugh. “I merely hoped that you would grace my students and this town with a demonstration of the strength of an ascender.”
I had been waiting for this. From the moment the two students he had arrived with began sizing me up for a fight, I knew the chances were high. Still, I didn’t think they’d want to challenge me here.
‘Makes sense though,’ Regis sent. ‘If you guys spar here and they lose, they don’t run the risk of losing face for stupidly challenging an ascender.’
“Hmm...while educating the youth is important, I chose to become an ascender rather than an instructor because I valued material goods a bit more,” I hinted with a playful smile.
The old representative blinked and seemed to come back to himself after a moment. Letting out a hearty laugh, he patted me on the arm. “Looks like it won’t be very hard to get along with you, Ascender Grey! Name your price!”
“Gold is easy to come by,” I said, flashing him the runecard that Chief Mason handed me earlier filled with the earnings from selling the mana beasts I had used as practice dummies. “But I am curious about that odd rock you have on your cane.”
“As expected of an ascender, you have a good eye,” he mused while holding up his cane. “Even though this has been deemed a dead relic by our sovereign, it still cost me a small fortune during the auction.”
“Does it contain any sort of special effects or secrets?” I asked nonchalantly, suppressing both my and Regis’ urge to consume the aether stored inside it.
“If a dead relic could perform even the smallest spec of ancient magic, then it would be impossible for a mere academy elder in some small city to afford it,” Cromely answered as he rubbed the palm-sized stone with his thumb. “No, it’s just a very expensive trinket to brag about.”
“A shame,” I said, feigning disappointment.
I was unaware that relics deemed ‘dead’ by Agrona were auctioned back to the public, but it made sense. Why not obtain riches for the scraps you have no use for after taking all of the relics that were still intact.

Thinking back, I couldn’t help but wonder how things would’ve played out differently if I didn’t have the dimensional storage rune and Chief Mason had said he would need to take the cuboid relic from me.
It was safe to assume that my relationship with the people of this town wouldn’t have been as carefree as it was now.
“Still. If Ascender Grey is a connoisseur of these sorts, I can’t imagine you not wanting to add this to your collection,” he replied. “How about this. If Esteemed Ascender can best Pallisun and my granddaughter in a friendly spar, I will not only escort you to Aramoor City and ensure you’re completely taken care of, I’ll also give you this relic. If they can best you, all Ascender Grey needs to do is put in a good word for them.”
I cocked a brow. “Put in a good word?”
A knowing smile replaced the look of confusion on the older man’s face. “It’s no use feigning ignorance, Ascender Grey. Mason told me your close relations with Highblood Denoir,” he whispered. “Don’t worry, your secret is safe with me.”
I took a deep breath and willed down my irritation. Looks like the large chief caved in. I really didn’t want my association with such a powerful name being broadcasted so soon, but I guess it did work in my favor at the moment.
Letting out a sigh, I agreed. “That doesn’t sound like a bad proposition.”
“Great!” Cromely clapped his hands, showing a smile that actually reached his eyes for the first time. “I presume that you’d have no qualms with facing off against my two students at the same time?”
He really has no shame, I conveyed inwardly to Regis.
Shrugging, I said to the older man, “I assumed that would be the case.”
“As expected of an ascender!” Cromely beamed. “I’m sure whether my students win or lose, this will be an excellent learning experience for them!”
‘As expected of an ascender,’ Regis echoed mockingly. ‘What a fox.’
He speaks in politics. It’s nothing to be surprised about when there’s such a distinction within the hierarchy in Alacrya.
I watched as Cromely walked off after giving me a small bow. He couldn’t have taken more than five steps away when Chief Mason immediately scurried over to me, concern laced in his furrowed brows. “E-Esteemed Ascender.”
Chief Mason turned his head to make sure Cromely was out of earshot before continuing. “M-My sincerest apologies. Elder Cromely was on the verge of cancelling his visit, and I know that would implicate your trip back to Aramoor City as well. And he’s met many ascenders before so just saying you were an ascender didn’t seem to interest him.”
“What’s done is done,” I replied, my voice leaking a tinge of annoyance. “I’m assuming you’ve anticipated that Elder Cromely would ask me to put on a little show with his students?”
The burly man’s gaze lowered. “He has mentioned it, yes.”
“Good. Then progress as planned.” I stood up to get a drink when Chief Mason grabbed my sleeve.
“Please be careful of Elder Cromely. He is known to be quite devious in his plans, and he cherishes his granddaughter very much,” he leaned in and whispered.
My mouth twitched upward in a smirk. “So you’re worrying about me now?”
The town chief’s expression faltered and he looked like he was about to crawl into a hole.
“I’m joking,” I smiled, patting the large man’s shoulder. “I hope your son wins the exhibition. His first win was impressive.”
“Thank you!” Chief Mason’s expression brightened as he beamed in pride.
Meanwhile, I made my way toward the exit, passing by Cromely with his two students. Aphene’s fierce expression mirrored her determination while Pallisun looked like he had already won.
‘Not that I’m worried, but are you going to be okay? They seem to be hiding something and you’ve drained most of your aether reserves trying to wake up Sylvie,’ Regis voiced his concerns.
They’re under the assumption that I’m a newly fledged ascender that barely made it out of his first ascent.
A smile pulled at my lips as I left the viewing lounge. I had been getting bored of training against the mana beasts nearby, and whether this duel would prove challenging or not, I’d at least get to enjoy unwinding.





Chapter 281
Chapter 281: Once In a Lifetime
I felt somewhat bad.
Chief Mason’s son, Braxton, had won the striker’s tournament, meaning he would be sent to Aramoor City to become a student at Stormcove Academy. Any other day, Braxton would’ve been the center of attention for his victory and the target of envy of his peers and even the parents of those peers. Not only Braxton, but his entire family’s status would be elevated within Maerin and—if he did well at Stormcove—all of Aramoor City.
However, after Cromely had congratulated Braxton on winning the tournament and half-heartedly expressed that he was looking forward to seeing him at Stormcove, the old representative practically pushed the poor boy off stage and announced a ‘once-in-a-lifetime event’ for the citizens of the four towns gathered here today.
The crowd quickly forgot about the exhibition and erupted into cheers as his two students and I entered the stage with Cromely standing between us. Workers moved the raised platform that they had used for the student’s fighting stage since we’d need more space, leaving only the leveled dirt floor of the arena.
“Thank you for agreeing to spar against us,” Pallisun called out from about a dozen yards away as he stood beside Aphene. “We were afraid you would decline.”
“The pleasure is mine,” I said with a smile, ignoring the haughty undertone in his gratitude.
Both he and his companion had changed from their more formal wardrobe. While their armor looked more like a fashion statement than functional battlewear, their weapons told a different story.
Pallisun withdrew a coffin shield that was nearly as tall as he was and twice as wide from his dimension ring. Aphene, meanwhile, gripped a claymore with a pearlescent blade in her right hand while a silver bracer covered her entire left arm.
“Following the standard rules of non-lethal duels, weapons are permitted but must be blunt,” Cromely announced as he stood between us to moderate.
The three of them waited silently for me to withdraw my weapons but I waved my hand. “I’ll fight bare-handed.”
Aphene stepped forward, eyes narrowed. “Are you looking to blame your defeat on the lack of a weapon, Ascender Grey?”
‘Nnngh! They’re so cheeky,’ Regis growled, bristling with anger within me.
“I promise to blame only myself upon defeat,” I replied calmly before turning to Cromely. “Now, can we begin?”
The old man let out a cough before he began stepping back several paces, holding his right hand high in the air.
“Begin!” Cromely belted as he swung down his hand.
Immediately, the crowd began to cheer as Pallisun held up his shield to cover both him and his partner while studying me closely.
Now that I thought about it, they had no clue whether I was a caster, shield, or striker.
After a brief pause, the two charged forward. Though both were hidden from view behind the large shield, I could sense Aphene preparing for an attack using the ambient aether around them.
Taking a dueling stance with both arms relaxed at my sides, I pondered how to approach this. By the visible manifestations of mana flaring out from the two of them, it was safe to assume that their levels rivaled that of an A-rank adventurer—probably more.
With my mana reserves barely at the ten percent mark, there was just enough danger to keep me on my toes.
Pallisun kicked up a storm of dust behind him as he continued his charge toward me. Sidestepping out of the way was simple enough, but Aphene was waiting for that, brandishing her claymore.
Aphene’s dark hair fluttered in the wind as she swung a broad arc, following up with a lunge.
Meanwhile Pallisun made a sharp turn aided by precise bursts of wind until his shield glimmered just a few feet away like a bull rearing its horns. “You’re going to have to do more than just dodge!” the shield-wielding student roared.
Their movements were well-practiced and without blatant openings. Aphene used Pallisun as protection—and an obstruction to limit my view on her—while she launched a series of attacks. With the two of them fighting like this together, I wouldn’t doubt their ability to rival even a veteran AA-rank adventurer.

Unfortunately, with my experience supplemented by the inhuman reflexes I had inherited, they might as well have been calling out their moves.
Pivoting on my front foot, I redirected Aphene’s next lunge with my hand against the flat of her blade. At the same time, I stamped my back foot into the ground just as Pallisun was about to tackle me.
With my foot obstructing Pallisun’s charge, he flew over my shoulder, barely able to hold on to his shield. Aphene had put most of her weight into that lunge, making her body lurch forward as her attack missed its mark. Making use of her imbalance, I hit her with an open palm square on her gauntlet.
Aphene toppled on the ground while barely able to roll to her feet. Pallisun fared better with his wind magic that allowed him to reposition himself in the air to land deftly on his feet.
It seemed that the structured magic emblazoned on his back in the form of either a crest or emblem allowed the broadly-built student to create quick and accurate bursts of wind.
My gaze lingered on the two naive students as their expressions shifted to that of anger framed neatly with the flush of embarrassment.
APHENE MANDRICK
“What’s with those faces?” the ascender tilted his head. “You should’ve expected this much from an ascender, right?”
I studied the man that had just completely countered all of our moves. Despite his toned but slender frame and unarmed state, I couldn’t help but begin to fear this man. His golden eyes, nonchalant expression, and charming manner should’ve come off as amiable, but he had all the warmth of a predator seeking blood.
Unwilling to show any weakness, I swallowed my emotions.
“We didn’t want to accidentally hurt you. My apologies for underestimating your prowess.” I stood back up and spoke through gnashed teeth. “It won’t happen again.”
Pallisun, next to me, abandoned his shield as if to punctuate my point. Realising that our opponent was clearly a striker, he withdrew the two plated gauntlets that he had inherited as the next-in-line of the Blather blood.
The wind hummed and hissed as he curled his fingers into a fist before dashing forth while I followed shortly behind.
Pallisun swung his wind-clad fist, hitting thin air as the ascender easily stepped back before kicking him the chest. Despite the weight difference between powerfully built Pallisun and the ascender, my partner doubled over, gasping for breath.
Not willing to give the ascender even a moment’s chance, I leaped over Pallisun and swung Harmony downward in a feint. My sword’s shimmering blade whistled as it cut through the air just in front of the ascender before I channeled a flood of mana into my sword arm in order to change the trajectory of my blade mid-swing.
My own sword’s motion was a blur and even I was barely able to follow it, but somehow, his pale hand had grabbed my wrist out of the air.
“Not bad.” Despite how thin and pretty his hand looked, he held my wrist in an iron grip, dodging nonchalantly as I caught Harmony with my free hand and swung.
“Try again,” he said as if he were my instructor rather than my opponent. The ascender released my hand—then pushed me square in my shoulder.
My whole body jerked back from the sudden force before I spun from the impact.
Pallisun managed to get out of the way before I tripped over him. As the two of us recovered, we stood side by side with weapons up to defend. However, the ascender merely stood there with that aloof—almost bored—expression of his.
“Cocky bastard.” My partner spat on the ground and straightened himself as swirls of wind encased his entire body.
He gave me a knowing glance and I nodded in understanding.
Just like how we’ve been practicing.
We burst forward once more at the ascender from different angles. I dug my heels and prepared to thrust Harmony’s point at him a few steps shy of reaching him while Pallisun ducked low and aimed for the legs.
However, just as I began to channel lightning through my arm and into my blade, the ascender had flashed past Pallisun and was right in front of me.
Moving with keen precision, he dodged my stab. Then the world suddenly flipped as I found myself in the air.
“Aphene!” Pallisun’s voice rang, snapping me out of my reverie.

A rush of wind oriented me enough to aim the spell that I had been channeling. I unleashed the voltaic spear from the point of my blade while I descended.
Yet, even the fastest element of all couldn’t catch the ascender off-guard as he blurred away from view.

By the time my feet had touched the ground the ascender had tripped, spun, slammed, and thrust his fist down at my partner’s chest. Thankfully, Pallisun had managed to bring his arms up in a crossguard, but the sheer strength of the impact cracked the dirt floor.
Immediately, I kicked back to maintain my distance rather than try to fight close quarters against this monster.
I swung Harmony in a broad arc. A shockwave of lightning ripped out of my blade and arced toward the ascender standing on top of Pallisun.
I didn’t stop there. Focusing more mana into my emblem, I willed the voltaic crescent to split into over a dozen separate projectiles. It took all of my concentration to control the chaotic nature of lightning into the form I wanted, but in that span of time, the ascender pried Pallisun from the ground and raised him to use as a human shield.
“Coward!” I cursed, dispersing the spell just before it hit my partner.
“I’m the one fighting without a weapon.” The wheat-haired ascender frowned as he peeked his head from behind Pallisun’s unconscious body. “But I’m confused. Are you a striker or caster?”
Is he not even taking this seriously?
Both Pallisun and I had tested into the threshold of high-tier mage—he as a shield and myself as a striker. The evolution of one of my crests into an emblem had allowed me to even fire lightning over a distance.
Yet, this ascender who seemed to be using only pure mana, was drawing circles around us like we were toddlers barely able to walk.
The ascender’s gaze flickered over to Pallisun. “You’re conscious already?”
“Screw you!” my partner roared, unleashing a dome of aura around them. The uneven ground flattened as even I felt the pull of gravity weighing down on me.
Pallisun’s first emblem took a heavy toll on him with his current mana capacity. If he had decided to use that as well, then I shouldn’t hold back either.
“Hold on!” I shouted as Pallisun broke free from the ascender’s weakened grip.
My partner and the ascender broke out into a close-quarter brawl. But even within the gravity field that should’ve been slowing down his movements, the ascender seemed unimpeded.
Wasting no time, I ignited my second emblem.
“Aphene, stop!” I heard my grandfather’s concerned voice in a drawl as the entire world shifted into slow motion.
My body protesting as my mana coursed through my emblem, releasing voltaic mana that pulsed through my veins like thousands of small pinpricks. I could feel every inch of my body electrified with energy, renewing my confidence.
In a way, the ascender’s capabilities would work to our advantage.
With the footage our artifact captured from this spar, Pallisun and I would surely be able to get into an ascender’s academy in the central domain.
My gaze flickered onto the ascender who—even as he fought against Pallisun—had his gaze cemented on me with an expression of surprise for the first time.
It’s not surprising. Internal lightning magic is rare, and this one is a high-tier emblem.
Tuning out my grandfather’s shouts, I approached their duel. “Pallisun!”
The emblem on my partner’s lower back blazed underneath his tunic and the dome of heightened gravity condensed around his gauntlets to form a glassy aura that blurred the space within it.
A confident smile arose from Pallisun’s worn face as he activated the full effects of the precious artifact designed for Blood Blather’s inherent affinity for gravity magic.

Once he was able to fully master his emblem and gauntlets, Pallisun would be able to not only block physical projectiles, but redirect magical ones as well through the use of the repellent force.
Even in his current state, he would be a force to be reckoned with. And with me by his side, even a full-fledged ascender would be hard-pressed to beat us, let alone one that had just barely finished his first ascent.
“Interesting!” the ascender beamed.
Then, for the first time, the ascender approached us.
I had known he was fast. He’d been not much more than a blur or flash of color during our previous exchanges. But even with my internal lightning spell greatly heightening my senses and reflexes, I was barely able to keep up with his movement.
Pallisun managed to bring his arms up to defend against the ascender’s strike, allowing me to step around my partner and swing toward the man’s exposed side.
The world around me moved in slow motion while my senses took everything in—the crunch of dirt beneath my feet, the whistle of Harmony’s blade cutting the air, and the resounding thud of the ascender’s fist hitting Pallisun’s gauntlet.
Yet, before I could finish the blow, the ascender spun on his heels, closing the distance between us and my swing ran harmlessly behind the man’s back. He trapped my sword arm under his own and swept my legs out from under me.
I could follow every moment of the ascender’s brilliant maneuver, from his footwork, to his apparent ability to predict the position of my swing while timing his own movements. Following and reacting, however, were two different stories.
Before he could finish his move, Pallisun managed to swing a gravity-imbued punch from behind the ascender.
It wasn’t surprising to see that he was able to dodge—maybe one of his emblems or a regalia had given him a pair of eyes behind his head. This time, however, the field of gravity surrounding my partner’s gauntlet expanded just as it passed the ascender’s head, pushing him just enough for me to wiggle free from his grasp before executing a lateral handspring to upright myself.
My left leg throbbed like it was on fire from just a simple kick, but I managed to put enough weight on it to follow up Pallisun’s attack with a low horizontal sweep with Harmony.
The ascender pivoted back, dodging my strike, and at the same time, hooking his leg behind the inside of Pallisun’s knees.
Before I could even warn Pallisun, the ascender kicked his leg back and swung a straightened arm right at his face.
Pallisun’s neck snapped back from the force while his legs flailed up in the air before the back of his head smashed against the dirt floor in a resounding crash.
A guttural yell tore out of my throat as I charged the ascender.
I can do this. I can still read his movements. As long as I can read it, I can react.
The ascender looked back over his shoulder with an impatient gaze, causing me to involuntarily flinch. He turned toward me and began approaching.
Currents of electricity coiled around me, reassuring me that I could win this exchange, while I continued I watched every inch of his body for signs of his next move.
His left shoulder twitched, and I responded by bringing Harmony to defend my left side. Then his right shoulder twitched, followed by his left arm rising. I tried to react and predict all of his movements but by the time he had gotten into range, I realized his hand was by my throat.
His grip was gentle, with just enough pressure to let me know that he had won.
He hadn’t simply won. He had completely used my most powerful spell against me.
Withdrawing my mana, I dropped my sword. “I-I concede.”
It was when I spoke that I realized that I had been holding in my breath. As I acknowledged my defeat, my shoulders slumped and the trapped air escaped from my lungs.
I was frustrated, disappointed, and envious of the man who stood in front of me. But more than anything, I realized I was relieved—relieved that he wasn’t truly my enemy.
Because I knew that had he considered this a real fight, I wouldn’t be alive.
The entire arena shook from the crowd erupting into cheers, pulling me out of my thoughts.
“It was a good fight,” he spoke in a low voice as he lowered his hand from my throat. “But you shouldn’t rely so heavily on something you have no idea how to properly use.”
“Aphene!” the familiar voice of my grandfather rang from behind.
The ascender patted my shoulder as he walked past me. “Do you have a name for that spell?”
“There’s no official name for it in the records,” I mustered, turning my head toward him. “I just call it internal lightning.”
He looked back with a faint smile. “How about naming it ‘Thunderclap Impulse’?”





Chapter 282
Chapter 282: Deep Dive
The nondescript black stone hung in the air just shy of the ceiling before falling back into my hand. I threw it again like I had been for the past hour as I thought about what to do with the relic.
Meanwhile, I could hear the rhythmic thumping of Regis’ tail. He had been sitting beside my bed for about just as long, his eyes following the stone like a starving dog in front of meat. The only thing missing from the picture was a tongue hanging out and saliva spilling from his mouth. Sentient weapon capable of mass destruction bestowed by the asuras, indeed.
“I’m not giving this to you,” I said flatly despite Regis’ subliminal begging.
“Oh come on! You promised a percentage of all of the aether you consume,” he cried.
“I haven’t decided whether I’m going to consume the aether from this relic yet.”
“Why wouldn’t you consume it? That’s something even Agrona can’t do; otherwise he would probably hoard all of the dead relics,” he argued, flabbergasted.
“Dead or not, this is still a relic,” I argued back, catching the black stone in my hand as I sat up on my bed.
My progress with the keystone—the name I came up with for the cuboid relic—was slow, but it had become increasingly obvious how powerful the knowledge stored inside it was.
“If I can somehow tap into this relic as well, maybe I can gain insights into a new god rune,” I continued. “Or maybe this thing is actually a weapon or some sort of tool.”
Regis lowered his ears, dejected. “If Agrona, who has been tinkering with relics for gods knows how long can’t figure it out, how do you expect to do it?”
“Utilize my inherent advantages until I’m able to figure it out?” I shrugged nonchalantly. “I’m tempted to consume the aether in here to refine my core too, but I don’t want to do anything I can’t undo.”
“So what are you going to do with it until then? Mount it on a cane like that old man?” Regis retorted, his eyes narrowing in displeasure.
I smirked. “Maybe I’ll just hang it off a stick and dangle it in front of your face as I ride you around the city.”
“Rude.”
I let out a chuckle. “Then stop looking at it like it’s a carrot.”
With a snort, my mighty steed turned away and curled up in the corner to sulk.
Letting out a sigh, I walked over to the large window overlooking one of the main streets of Aramoor City. The sight of crowded sidewalks that sandwiched a four-laned road designed for carriages lay strewn below. Storefronts with colorful awnings blended in with the rich and vibrant styles of the denizens that walked with a sense of purpose.
Placing my newly-acquired relic into my dimensional rune, I headed toward the door.
Regis’ ears perked at the sound of my footsteps. “Heading to the library again?”
“Mhmm,” I answered. “Are you going to stay behind again?”

“Might as well. I’m going to fall asleep there anyway,” he groused. “At least here, I can take in some ambient aether.”
“I promise I’ll let you absorb my aether again once we’re back in the Relictombs,” I said apologetically before heading out the door.
Heading out into the crowded street, I looked around. I made it a habit to take a different route with every trip, not only taking in the sights that the busy city had to offer but how the people behaved as well.
Four days had passed since my duel with Aphene and Pallisun. After collecting my prize from the reluctant Cromely and destroying the recording artifacts that he had arranged, I bid my farewell to the small and peaceful town of Maerin.
Loreni, Mayla, and Chief Mason were really the only ones I cared enough about to say goodbye. I had assumed that Mayla would be travelling to Aramoor with us but it turned out that due to how rare a sentry of her innate ability was, she would be sent to a larger city capable of properly testing her.
The usually talkative Mayla had barely uttered a word as Loreni explained all of this with as much enthusiasm she could muster, and I left it at that. The two sisters had been helpful since my arrival in Alacrya and I was thankful for them, but that was it.
Belmun, the shaggy-haired kid that tried to make me take him as my student, came with us along with Braxton and an older male from Maerin that I didn’t recognize.
The entire party from Stormcove Academy had been in a foul mood ever since I had beat them in the duel but acknowledged their loss. Thankfully, the travel to Aramoor was short—almost instant, actually. Within the designated landing port on the edge of academy grounds, Cromely handed me a piece of paper and gave me directions to an inn where I would find comfortable lodgings, then bid me farewell.
I watched Belmun shoot me a wide grin before he and Braxton eagerly followed after the representatives of Stormcove Academy. Trailing behind them silently was the caretaker assigned to them from Maerin.
A light brush against my shoulder brought me out of my thoughts.
“Excuse me! Watch where you’re go—” The blue-haired woman with colorful makeup that accentuated her eyes froze as she gazed up at me. Her cheeks flushed but it might’ve just been her makeup. “O-Oh, my apologies.”
“It’s fine,” I replied, deadpan.
I continued walking, ignoring the lingering gazes of passersby. It was hard to admit but even a supposed small city like Aramoor could give Xyrus City a run for its money.
Restaurants specializing in cuisines of the different dominions lay strewn next to each other while well-dressed denizens sipping on drinks conversing leisurely lounged in cafes with outside patios.
“And don’t come back!” a gruff voice shouted ahead.
A well-built old man, face scarlet and eyes half-closed, lay on the ground as the shop owner of the restaurant slammed the door behind him.
“Bah! Your rum tasted like chilled piss anyway,” the drunkard shouted in a slur, throwing the bottle he had been holding at the door.
By now, a small crowd had formed around him as murmurs of judgement and criticism were heard. The drunkard, however, didn’t seem to mind as he spat on the ground, scratching his bed of long and disheveled gray hair.
He did, however, single me out within the crowd and gave me a glassy stare before walking away with surprising deftness despite his inebriated state.
Not thinking much of it, I eventually passed the row of restaurants and arrived at what seemed like the clothing district.
I debated for a minute whether to purchase some new clothes. Even while wearing the plain shirt and pants I had taken from Town Maerin, I had been drawing attention, which I wanted to minimize.
In the end, I decided against it, not wanting to get caught up in frivolous things. Walking past the shopping district, I made my way toward the small building I had been frequenting ever since coming here: the library.

“Welcome,” the attendant, a bored looking teenage boy, muttered, not caring enough to even peek up from the book he was reading.
Unlike the rest of the city, the library was empty and unembellished, with way too many wooden shelves for the amount of books it contained.
While grabbing a few books that I hadn’t read in the past few days, I ran into a particularly older leather-bound book. What had caught my eye was the red splotches on the corners of the cover and spine. When I opened and flipped through the pages, it looked like the words were actually written in blood.

I cocked a brow, briefly studying the content inside. “Well, this is new.”
I dropped the bloody book in my pile of to-reads before taking a seat in one of the less wobbly chairs.
Looking at the stack of books, I let out an audible sigh.
It was disheartening that I had already come to expect what sort of books these would be even without opening them.
As a totalitarian continent ruled basically by gods, the books that were available in this library were mostly propaganda outlining an embellished history where Agrona and the Vritra descended upon Alacrya to help the inhabitants and bring a new age of magic and technology under the safe haven from the other gods that have vowed to strike down all lessers.
These past few days, I had to stop myself from laughing a few times at the sheer ridiculousness of some of these books. Most of them made Agrona out to be a strict but just god that valued and rewarded the strong, while the asuras of Epheotus were gods that hated Agrona for his love and benevolence toward us lessers and were hell-bent on destroying all of us.
I had to admit that, while it was twisted in a very favorable way toward Agrona and his clan, there were some truths mixed in—namely, the fact that the gods of Epheotus had been the ones to destroy the ancient beings of the old, the ancient mages.
And in order to find those tidbits of information that would prove useful, I had to continue sifting through fictional history and veneration for Agrona and his Vritra clan that seemed to be spread throughout the continent.
Hence, me sitting in front of another stack of books.
The first book that I opened was the one written in blood. Despite its rather insidious source of ink, the content written inside might’ve just been a passionate worshipper of Agrona. It outlined that the unjust gods hated Agrona for loving us and bestowing the lessers with magic as well as spreading his blood. It also neatly reinforced why Agrona wanted everyone to get so strong—so that they could protect themselves and help Agrona fight against the unjust gods that simply wanted to kill them for not being gods.
I always wondered why people here referred to family as ‘blood’, and this book had the answer.
“Interesting,” I whispered to myself as I read through the latter half of the blood-scored book.
It highlighted the importance of how rich your blood was with the Vritra lineage. Apparently, Agrona and the rest of his clans had gotten fairly friendly with the Alacryans of old while they were experimenting.
Of course, the book outlined this as High Sovereign Agrona and his Vritra clan ‘falling in love’ with the people of Alacrya and spreading their ‘seed’ for Alacrya to flourish.
How disturbing.
Thankfully, the next book contained some new information that didn’t have to do with asuran reproduction.
Apparently, aside from Agrona, the High Sovereign that resided in the towering spire situated neatly in the middle of the Central Dominion—which, strangely, had no name unlike the other four dominions.
I squinted my eyes, trying to read the faded name of the spire. “Taegrin Caelum.”

Reading on, the author wrote, “Aside from High Sovereign who resided in the mysterious Taegrin Caelum, there exists five other sovereigns that protect and watch over their respective dominion.”
According to the author, these five ‘Named Sovereigns’, even as gods, were much more intertwined in the lesser affairs of their dominion—playing king while answering only to Agrona, the High Sovereign.
The book eventually trailed off into a tangent describing the various great deeds that the Sovereign residing over Etril, the eastern dominion, had accomplished.
After finishing the book, I took a moment to digest its content. I had thought about what the books had taught me. While factually wrong, it shed light on the culture of this continent, and more importantly, what the people here believed in.
Time passed by in a blur as I became engrossed in the books in front of me. While many were basically different authors’ renditions of Alacrya’s glorified history, time wasn’t completely wasted.
An interesting tidbit of history contained within a book titled, ‘Rise of Ascenders’, was that it wasn’t until about seventy years ago that the term ‘ascenders’ was coined. Before then, practically anyone was able to delve into the Relictombs, but because there were so many mages willing to partake in the ascents to try and get rich, Alacrya’s population was constantly declining.
“It’s a lot like how the Beast Glades was responsible for most of the deaths in Dicathen,” I muttered quietly.
According to the book, while measures had been taken by the Vritra to restrict the Relictombs to only those who passed a rigorous test, this only applied to those who wanted to go deeper than the third floor.
Apparently, the first three zones of the Relictombs were an interconnected underground expanse filled with valuable natural resources with very little beasts present.
The author didn’t seem to be an ascender himself because he never went into further detail on the deeper levels of the Relictombs. However, the first three zones only had weak monsters and were prime places to train even without an ascender’s badge, so anyone was allowed to go in.
“Interesting,” I whispered as I read on.
The book went on a tangent, focusing on the mages that had survived several ascents before this test became mandated. These mages had made a name for themselves from the riches they gained, i.e. Named Bloods.
Basically, they were nobles that seemed to be a tier below the High Bloods who were considered true nobility based on their lineage tracing back to an actual Vritra.
The author went on to applaud the efforts of the Named Bloods and High Bloods that soon built academies to raise ascenders and teach the new generation from their own experiences so that they could better survive.
I couldn’t help but note that this was the first instance that an author had praised someone other than the High Sovereign.
Even under the embellished prose of this particular writer, ascenders were just glorified tomb raiders. To the mass, they were seen as heroes, but it seemed largely because of how Agrona himself placed such importance on it.
The author even wrote that there had been many times where Agrona himself said that his biggest regret was not being able to enter the Relictombs. That was because the ancient mages had designed them so that the vengeful gods of Epheotus would not take advantage of the secrets within and use them against the Alacryans, and thereby not allow the Vritra to go in as well.
I couldn’t help roll my eyes at the section that stressed how Agrona and the Vritra wouldn’t go inside the Relictombs out of fear that their presence would destroy the place, rather than say they couldn’t go.
In the end, the ascenders were basically marketed as heroes risking their lives in a place that gods weren’t able to go in to find treasures left in the wakes of the last ‘ancient beings’. Treasures that would ultimately help the sovereigns fight against the other gods.
“Watch it!” a voice rang from the front of the library.
I turned to see the bored teen up on his feet, angrily glaring at the drunkard—the same drunkard from the restaurant—who had managed to spill whatever liquid was in the bottle in his hand on the floor.
“Oops! Sorry about that, kiddo,” the drunkard said with a hiccup. He sauntered inside the library, teetering on his feet but never actually losing balance.
It wasn’t until his bloodshot eyes locked onto mine that his expression brightened. “Aha! I knew you’d be here.”
He ‘knew’ I’d be here?
While annoyed by both his interruption and his foul stench, my curiosity got the better of me. I remained in my seat as I waited for the drunkard to make his way to my table.
He practically fell on the seat across from mine as he slammed his beverage on the table, liquid splashing on the books.
For a moment the two of us sat silently, gauging each other. Finally, he broke into a wide grin, showing a set of white teeth underneath his unkempt beard and spoke.
“So...what continent are you from?”





Chapter 283
Chapter 283: A Mutually Beneficial Partnership
“This is why you need the expensive stuff!” the drunkard emphasized as the glass hit the bar table with a ‘thud’. “Come on, pretty boy. Take a swig!”
I glared at the grizzled old man with caramel liquid dribbling down the sides of his
mouth and into his beard and wondered how I ended up in this situation.
After the drunkard, who’d introduced himself as Alaric, interrupted me in the library and asked what continent I had come from, I’d promptly dragged him outside for some answers.
Alaric had refused to say any more without something in return. Lo and behold, the alcoholic wanted...alcohol.
He’d then led me to his favorite establishment, which was surprisingly upscale for a man who wasn’t even wearing shoes. We had been here ever since, sitting in the dark corner of the bar table away from the other patrons sprinkled throughout the bar.
Letting out a sharp breath, I lifted my own glass and gulped down the rum.
A smooth burn washed over my mouth and throat, followed by a sweet and oaky wave of flavor that lingered on my tongue.
“There, happy?” I challenged as the drunkard waved his hand at the bartender for a refill.
“I’d be happier if you order the entire bottle,” the old man said with a nudge.
“How about this?” I took the refilled glass in front of him and began slowly pouring the rum into the sink on the other side.
“No!” Alaric drawled as he pulled at my arm, which made me spill even more of the rum. “Fine, fine!”
I placed the half-empty shot glass back in front of the man who quickly snatched it away from my reach.
“What kind of sick bastard throws out good rum,” he grumbled.
Cocking a brow seemed to get the message across that I was no longer in the mood to humor him.
“You see...” Alaric whispered mysteriously as he leaned in close. “I have a crest that tells me you’re not from here.”
I stared deadpan at the old man.
He winked. “Just kidding.”
My annoyance turned to anger. I should’ve known that this alcoholic was just messing with me.
I stood up to leave when the drunkard spoke again.
“I don’t need magic to tell me that.” He rolled his eyes dramatically. “Anyone with half a brain would be able to tell if they spent some time watching you.”
“You were watching me?” I asked, sitting back down.
“Only because you stick out like a sore thumb. You carry yourself like a seasoned warrior, but your build and flawless skin suggests that you’re either a noble, caster, student or all three.” Alaric finished off the rum in his glass before continuing, “As if that’s not strange enough, you look and act like a tourist visiting from a faraway outpost.”
He waved his hand up and down as he examined me with a casual gaze. “You’re a walking bundle of inconsistencies. Now if you were in a more military or politically inclined dominion like Vechor or the Central Dominion, I’d put my nonexistent money on you getting cuffed in less than a day.”
I let out a scoff. “So why haven’t I drawn suspicion until now then?”
“Oh you probably have,” he mused. “Suspicion, curiosity, interest, all of the above. It’s just that Etril has always been a hub of diverse travellers that the worse they’d do is wonder and judge silently.”
After surveying the establishment we were in more carefully, I turned back to Alaric.
“Assuming what you said was correct, what is your reason for making yourself known?” I lowered my voice into a more threatening tone. “Haven’t you thought of the possibility that I’d just get rid of you?”
“In this place, where there are witnesses?” he asked, batting his eyes. “Trust me, kid. If I wanted to turn you in, I would’ve done so from a safe distance, but what does that do for me?”
“Excuse me?” I interjected.
“I don’t get anything out of turning you in.” Alaric paused, leaning in closer for dramatic effect. “If I were to, let’s say, help you instead, I’m sure we could come up with some sort of deal.”
I scoffed, shaking my head. “I think you’ve had one too many drinks. Besides, I don’t have much money.”

“Oh I don’t doubt that,” he agreed. “But I can recognize a golden ticket when it’s fluttering in my face.”
By this time, I was growing a bit uncomfortable, afraid that people would overhear. Alaric must’ve noticed because he waved his hand in dismissal. “Relax. I’ve been obstructing the sound around us so no one has heard a thing we’ve said.”
Is that why Alaric had been gesturing for a refill instead of asking for one?
Disappointed in myself for failing to notice and frustrated at how my lack of mana perception was hindering me in cases like this, I let out a sigh. “So you’re saying that even though you think—”
“Know,” he corrected.
“Think, that I’m not from here,” I stressed. “You’d rather try and strike a deal with me rather than turn me in?”
He cast a sleepy eye at me. “Is that so strange?”
“It’s just that the people from this city seem so reverent of the High Sovereign,” I said.
“What does my respect or disrespect of the Vritra have to do with helping out a refugee?” he quipped.
“Fine,” I acquiesced. “Let’s assume that your suspicions are true. What can you provide me and what exactly would you want in return?”
“You’re an ascender, or at least you’re trying to pass yourself off as one, right?” he questioned.
“How did you know?”
“The inn you’re staying at caters mostly towards ascenders visiting since there’s an ascension chamber in this city,” he answered dismissively. “Now. Onto your first line of questions. I’ll help you blend in so you don’t stick out like an armored troll shopping in city square, no questions asked.”
“No questions asked?” I echoed, interested.
“Frankly, I don’t give two shits about who you are,” he answered, swirling the caramel liquid in his glass. “That’s not it though. I’ll also help train you for ascents.”
I stared at the inebriated man, whose entire face was flushed and eyes barely able to focus on one thing for more than a few seconds. “Why?”
“Well, you’re going to need to be a successful ascender in order to make me lots of money, right?” He let out a scoff. “Good alcohol doesn’t come cheap, you know.”
Admittedly, I was intrigued by his offer. The strange gazes I attracted had been growing more frequent over the past few days. And Aramoor City was even considered one of the most diverse cities according to a book I had read.
“So all you want is money?” I confirmed. “How much of it, exactly?”
“Sixty percent of all of your earnings in the Relictombs as well as any form of ancillary promotions or winnings you earn while you’re on the surface as well,” he answered as if he had the figure set before we’d even sat down.
I gaped. “Sixty percent?”
“Hey! I’m uprooting myself from my beloved home and travelling with you while offering my tutelage.”
“You have a home here?” I raised a brow.
Alaric let out a cough. “The city is my home.”
I rolled my eyes. “So no home.”
“Don’t be so whiny, kid. Besides, Stormcove Academy takes around thirty percent of their graduates’ profits they get from selling accolades or other precious material found only in the Relictombs for the first five years after graduating. And that percentage is even higher in Vechor, Sehz-Clar and the Central Dominion,” he divulged before giving me an innocent expression. “But since you’re from Alacrya, you already knew that, right?”
I actually didn’t know. Much like the rest of the information about Alacrya that I did know, it consisted of tidbits I had picked up here and there by eavesdropping on conversation or asking questions like I had in Maerin.
“Forty percent,” I countered after a brief pause.
“Deal,” he replied immediately.
I raised a brow while Alaric quickly grabbed my hand and shook it.
“Stormcove only charges five percent while even the most prestigious ascender academies charge twenty percent,” he said, shooting me a wink.
This bastard...
Regardless of his deceit, it highlighted how much I needed help outside the Relictombs if I didn’t want to draw attention.
“Will you be coming with me on my ascents?” I inquired.

“Are you crazy? Of course not!” Alaric sputtered. “Does this look like a body fit for that godsforsaken place?”
I nodded. It would be easier that way.

Money wasn’t something I had any greed for. It was the relics I needed and that would be something I could store in my dimensional rune. Even if Alaric’s ascent training was utterly useless, as long as he could help me acclimate to Alacryan lifestyle without prying into me, it’d be worth it.
I didn’t trust this drunkard but at least his intentions were straightforward. I trusted human greed more than kindness, and if he had any other ulterior motives—well, hopefully it wouldn’t come to that. If it does, it shouldn’t be too difficult to remove him as a threat.
“You done introspecting?” Alaric interrupted, holding a new bottle of liquor in his hands.
“What’s that?” I pointed at the bottle.
“Oh this?” He gave me a wide grin. “Down payment.”
I resisted the urge to bury my face in my hands. Out of all the kinds of people out there, how was I stuck with the alcoholic version of Regis?
Suddenly, Alaric jumped off his barstool, stumbling to gain balance before turning to me. “Anyway, we should get moving. Lots of things to do and we’re burning daylight.”
After paying the bartender with my runecard, I followed after my new unstable adviser.
Our first order of business was getting ‘my story straight’, as he called it. To do this, we went back to my inn.
As I opened the door to see Regis waiting by the entrance, I didn’t know what to expect from Alaric.
Both the aetheric dog and drunk man stared at each other silently for a minute, as if still processing what they were actually seeing.
Unexpectedly, Alaric was the one that wobbled over to the black and blazing purple wolf and...patted him on his head.
“Good dog, there, aye,” Alaric slurred as Regis turned to me, giving me a baffled look.
“It’s fine,” I comforted. “This inebriated gentleman will be working with us for the time being.”
“Ah, well in that case. What’s up, old man?”
“It talks!” Alaric gasped, stumbling back behind me to use as a shield.
“How rude. I’m not an ‘it’! I’m a ‘he’...” Regis then cocked his head toward me. “Or am I a ‘she’?”
With a smirk toward Regis, I said, “Does gender matter for a ‘mighty weapon’ such as yourself?”
“I’m a ‘he’,” Regis decided while Alaric continued to mutter curses to himself about how he regretted all of this.
Once I was able to drag my drunk advisor inside the inn, I began to explain my situation with much of the details omitted.
Alaric himself said he wasn’t interested in my past. He just needed enough to go off of in order to come up with a story.
“Okay, Grey. You did a good job not telling people your blood name. That carries much more importance than your given name,” he acknowledged while his eyes continued darting between me and Regis. “First thing’s first. I don’t know how you got acquainted enough to a Denoir that they’d be willing to give you this dagger—”
“Lend,” I corrected.
“Lend. Whatever,” Alaric dismissed. “The important thing is that you don’t tie yourself up with Highblood Denoir. While it’ll definitely get you out of some sticky situations, it’ll also draw too much attention—especially once we get into bigger cities.”
“Then, what do I do?” I stared down at the white dagger in my hand. “Without this, I have no identity here.”
“That’s where I come in,” Alaric replied. “I have an acquaintance who’s an accomplished artificer capable of forging you an identity. You’ll be my nephew that I took under my wing because you didn’t want to follow after your father in the merchant business.”
“You just happen to have an accomplished artificer friend that’s able to forge identities?” I pried, suspicious.
“Accomplished, yes, but gravely underpaid,” he chuckled. “Two clients make him more gold from this side of business than a year’s wage he gets at the fancy laboratory he works at in Sehz-Clar.”
I frowned. “Sehz-Clar? Isn’t that the southern dominion?”
“Relax. He has a tempus warp anchored to this city,” he answered, taking a swig from his newly acquired bottle of alcohol. “Anyway, I need to know a bit more about your... abilities.”
‘How much are you going to tell him?’ Regis asked mentally.

Just enough to have something to work with.
“Augmented regeneration, strength, speed,” I listed off.
“How augmented? And no elements? You’re strictly a striker then?”
“Very augmented,” I said confidently. “No elements, and if you’re asking if I have any long-range spells, not yet.”
“Have you gone on an ascent before?” he asked while deep in thought.
“Just once,” I admitted.
Alaric nodded, undeterred. “That’s better than nothing. How big of a group did you ascend with?”
I tilted my head. “It was just me.”
“Just you...” Alaric repeated slowly, cocking a brow.
“I did team up with a few others in a convergence zone, but we parted ways after,” I explained, not sure what he was thinking when he suddenly lowered his head.
What I didn’t expect was for the old drunk to start laughing maniacally.
Regis and I exchanged a glance and my lupine companion twirled a paw beside his head.
“I’m not crazy!” Alaric snapped, taking another swig from his bottle. “I’m allowed to be happy.”
He looked at me like I was made of jewels. “It’s not everyday that you strike gold like this. A striker capable of not only surviving in the Relictombs but has gotten far enough to reach a convergence zone!”
“Maybe you should ease up on the alcohol,” I warned, but before I could take the bottle away, Alaric shoved the bottle in his dirty pants.
“Don’t you dare, pretty boy.” He narrowed his bloodshot eyes. “Take this away from me and I’ll be nonfunctional and there’s still too much to do.”
Pushing himself off the ground, he teetered toward my companion.
“How did you manage to hide this companion of yours, anyway?” he questioned, studying Regis. “I’d expect him to draw attention, especially in these parts.”
“I usually just hide inside him,” Regis answered in my stead, demonstrating by leaping and disappearing into my body.
Alaric just stared at me for a few moments, opening his mouth at one point only to close it back shut. He repeated this a few times before deciding to take another gulp of his rum. “I’m not even going to ask. Just...make sure that when your companion—”
“Regis,” I cut in. “His name is Regis.”
The old drunkard gestured grandly while rolling his eyes. “Just make sure Regis doesn’t talk in front of other ascenders.”
“So it’s fine to fight alongside Princess here?” Regis asked as he slipped back out of my form. He looked rather excited by the idea.
“I don’t see why not. There are quite a few documented emblems and regalias where elements take on the form of a beast,” Alaric shrugged. “Those summons, however, are basically just animated puppets that can be preprogrammed with certain sets of instructions so no talking and it’s best not to stay out for that long.”
“Hell yes!” Regis whooped. “No more twirling my metaphorical thumbs while watching Princess have all the fun.”
“Now!” Alaric declared. “Since I have the basic rundown, let’s head to our first destination.”
“Which is?” I queried.
“We need to get some new clothes on you,” the drunkard sang as he did a sloppy twirl to demonstrate his point.
“If you’re talking about armor for the ascent, I already—”
“Bah! Not that, you wogart,” Alaric snapped.
Did he just call me a wogart? I didn’t know what that meant but I was pretty sure it was an insult.
“Remember my whole speech about you being a walking bundle of inconsistencies?” Alaric continued, walking toward the door in that unsteady yet surprisingly light-footed gait of his. “Right now, you look like some runaway prince that thinks he’s disguised himself by putting on a shabby outfit. You’d actually draw less attention if you just looked the part of a well-off blood.”
I frowned at the idea of looking like one of those colorful peacocks strutting down the streets. “Can’t I just look more shabby like a commoner? I’d feel more comfortable that way.”
“No,” he stated, deadpan. “Your face stands out too much.”
“My face stands out too much?” I echoed blandly.
“Annoyingly so,” he grumbled. “If I was born with a face like that, I’d just woo some rich highblood lady and bathe in sweet rum every night.”
Regis snickered while Alaric continued to mutter quietly about his delusions.
“Fine, let’s get this over with,” I hissed, following Alaric out of our room as Regis disappeared back into my body. “But what’s after that?”
“You, my dear nephew”—the drunkard patted my back—“will be taking your ascender’s assessment and start making your uncle some money!”





Chapter 284
Chapter 284: Blending In
“This is the fifth outfit already. Is all of this necessary?” I groaned, stepping out of my changing room and into the viewing area.
Waiting for me outside was a plethora of employees working at the high-end clothing boutique as well as customers.
“Kid, do you know how many named bloods seek me out only to be put on my waiting list? I’m only doing this because the old coot asked me for a favor,” the bespectacled old woman that Alaric had introduced as Odile snapped.
Her heels clacked on the tile floors as she strode behind me, tying my hair with a thin string.
“Although...” Odile turned her sharp gaze to the ‘audience’ watching us excitedly. “It seems like I’m not enough since my employees also found the need to offer their professional advice.”
The uniformed employees scattered within the crowd of about twenty or so began chuckling nervously before a blonde-haired clerk spoke up. “All the guests are here as well, Madam Odile. We’re just watching out for them.”
The woman leading me toward the set of mirrors snorted derisively but said nothing as she pushed me onto the platform.
‘A once quadra-elemental Lance, now with the physique and abilities of an asura, has become...a dress-up doll,’ Regis lamented mockingly. ‘Oh, how the mighty have fallen.’
Keep that up and I’ll get you a nice flower barrette that really highlights your purple mane.
Regis let out a cackle. ‘I’d rock it.’
“Your shoulders look narrower when you’re tense like that! We’re going for confidence!” Odile huffed as she combed her short white hair back with her fingers. “Great Vritra, I don’t see what you have to be ashamed about with your face and body.”
There was a disturbing chorus of agreement from the crowd, and while I hated drawing attention to myself, I had to agree that Odile had quite a sense of style that I wasn’t opposed to.
I looked at myself in the tri-fold mirror. In contrast to the tight-fitting armor I had picked up from the Relictombs, Odile had fitted me in a white dress shirt tucked into a pair of black slacks. Rather than wearing a tie or vest, she had me put on a black sweater underneath a dark blue coat. As the final touch, Odile put on what she called a collar bar that accented my suit to give that ‘classy noble look’ she kept going on about.
I liked it. It was a bit more...modern than I had expected—this outfit could easily be something I could see in my old world. But I wasn’t a walking rainbow goose like some of the other denizens here. Honestly, as long as it allowed me to blend in, there wasn’t really more I could ask for.
“He’s a rather whiny boy, but I knew you’d want to get your hands on him,” Alaric chimed. The old drunk had also washed up, trimmed his hair and beard and changed into a completely black suit. He was currently closing the curtains to block out the audience that had formed, much to their displeasure.
“I just wish you would’ve told me in advance so I could procure an image capture artifact,” Odile said with a sigh. She snapped out of her daze and stuck a finger at Alaric. “That doesn’t change the fact that I did you a favor, you old drunk! Don’t you dare try to change that.”
Alaric raised his hands—one of which was still holding onto a bottle of rum—placatingly. “I meant to do nothing of the sort, my beloved crone.”
“You’re still drinking?” I asked, exasperated. “How’re you going to handle the hangover after all of the alcohol you’ve drunk so far?”
“You can’t get a hangover if you’re always drunk,” he said sagely, tapping his temple with a finger.
I opened my mouth to say something while Alaric stared at me as if daring me to refute his point. My words just came out as an unintelligible grumble.
After gathering the literal pile of clothes that Odile had chosen for me and taking it to the front counter to pay, I was met with a confused clerk.
“Your clothes have already been paid for by Madam Odile,” she said while bagging my clothes.

“Oh.” I looked at the amount of outfits that were strewn across the counter. “This is a lot of clothes. I’d feel more comfortable paying.”
“Don’t take it the wrong way. It’s an investment on my part,” Odile’s husky voice rang from behind. I turned to see her walking beside Alaric, toward me. “It seems like the old coot found someone interesting and I wanted to be a part of it.”
“Let’s go, Grey. Before she tries to rip me off even more,” Alaric muttered grumpily.
Alaric and I were back out on the busy streets where the sun was beginning to set. A courier would be delivering our new clothes to the inn, which only left us with one last stop for the day.
“Listen up, my lovely nephew,” Alaric began, sauntering beside me as we made our way out of the shopping district. “If we’re going to get you an ascender’s badge as soon as possible without having you affiliated with any sort of institution, here’s what we have to do...”
The old drunk proceeded to explain his plan. Basically, Alaric would pose as my uncle who had been teaching me to hone my magic and survival skills ever since my bestowment since I had no intention of being a merchant like my father. Now that I was of age and had been thoroughly trained, he would be the one to vouch for me in order to take the assessment.
I raised a brow. “So anyone can just vouch for you in order to take the assessment?”
“Don’t be silly. It’s because your uncle is a retired ascender himself that he’s qualified to vouch for you,” Alaric said with a cheeky grin. “Unfortunately, passing the assessment won’t be enough.”
“What do you mean?”
“You’ll have to participate in—and survive—one ascent by tagging along with an experienced party,” he explained. “Only then will you get an ascender’s badge. Thankfully there’s an Ascension Chamber right here in Aramoor, which I assumed you were planning to visit since you’re here.”
I shook my head. “I had no intention of going to the Relictombs in this city.”
Sylvia’s message had given me memories of the four ruins within the Relictombs that I needed to get to. I had already visited one of them, and while I didn’t have an exact map of where the rest of these ruins were, I knew they weren’t in Aramoor City.
“As both your uncle and your partner in crime, may this one ask where it was you were planning on going?” he questioned, staring at me with that glassy gaze of his. While he still looked drunk, Alaric looked much more reliable now that he’d cleaned himself up.
“I’m looking for ruins within the Relictombs. They weren’t in the Relictombs here.”
“You really aren’t from around here, are you?” he sighed before leaning closer as we walked. “I’m sure you’ve noticed this by now from the last time you were inside, but the Relictombs don’t have a conventional structure that you can travel through. You’ve heard of simulets, right?”
“I have,” I replied, the memory of Daria offering one to me still fresh in my mind.
“Most of the deaths within the Relictombs happened before the development of the simulets. Before then, even if you crossed an entrance together at the same time holding hands, you would most likely be transported to different zones.” Alaric let out a sigh before continuing. “You say you’re looking for these ‘ruins’ within a specific zone, but the truth is, it doesn’t really matter where you enter the Relictombs, since you never know where you’ll end up.”
I had a feeling this was the case but I had hoped that entrances in different areas would lead to different parts of the Relictombs.
“So I just have to blindly wander around the Relictombs before I stumble across what I’m looking for by chance?”
Alaric took another sip of his rum, letting out a loud burp before answering. “Some say that the Relictombs has a will of its own, left behind by the ancient mages.”
Ancient mages, or ‘djinn’, as the entity that had left me with the keystone referred to himself. I wouldn’t be surprised if the Relictombs did have a mind of its own, but it still didn’t help me in my case. I hated how so much was still outside of my control.
I rubbed my temples. “Fine. It doesn’t seem like I have much of a choice.”
“Good.” Alaric patted my back. “I have no idea how strong you are, but remember that, while trained, you definitely should try and at least act like you’re having a hard time. Once you’ve gotten your ascender’s badge, it might not be a bad idea to accumulate experience with other parties if you really don’t want to draw attention to yourself.”
‘You should just ‘summon me’ and let me take the test,’ Regis chimed in.
“Are solo ascenders that rare?” I asked, ignoring my companion. Trider’s surprise when I mentioned it came to mind.

“Very,” Alaric answered as he weaved deftly through the crowded street filled with pedestrians. “The Relictombs are much too unpredictable even today, when we have so many records of different zones. It’s why experienced sentries are as important as—if not more than—battle mages.”
“What sort of mage were you then?” I questioned, looking at the old drunk. He looked about fifty at least, and although he sported a large beer belly, it couldn’t mask the warrior’s build that he once had.
Alaric turned to face me, cocking a brow. “I thought our deal here was that we don’t pry and ask questions that are unnecessary.”

I shrugged. It would be a lie to say I wasn’t curious about the old drunk, but it seemed like he had about as much reason to keep me at a distance as I did for him. It was probably why he never specifically confirmed whether I was from Dicathen, even though it was probably pretty obvious to him by now.
We continued our way through the streets of Aramoor in relative silence until we arrived at the gates of a large rhombus-shaped building that stood by itself, surrounded by a lush grass lawn. A single paved road, lined on both sides with statues of battle mages, led to the building.
“This is it, dearest nephew,” Alaric said casually while handing me a small metal card with ‘Grey’ written on it along with a series of numbers and a birth date signifying me as twenty-two. While I was a bit younger than that, physically, I didn’t say anything.
I stored the card safely in the inside pocket of my coat. “When did you have the time to get this?”
“During the time Odile was having fun dressing you up,” he replied, walking up toward the guard stationed inside the booth next to the front gate.
After Alaric gave the guard his identification card along with a piece of paper, the gate soon opened.
The old drunkard slid his hand over one of the statues. “Impressive, isn’t it?”
‘These look like toys compared to the statue hallway we first ended up in,’ Regis mused.
I agreed with a smile, reminiscing how many times I had almost died in that zone alone. Good times.
Despite how quiet it was outside, when we walked through the doors of the rather flat building, a cacophony of noises erupted from inside.
Alaric cackled in pleasure, noticing my surprise. “Busy, right? There are teleportation gates inside every ascender building restricted only to ascenders and a platform where they can use their own tempus warps.”
My eyes scanned the various groups of mages gathered in their own circles, busy either talking to clerks or amongst themselves. “So the gates are purely for candidates testing to become ascenders?”
“It’s actually really just for normal civilians to gaze upon the majesty of us ascenders,” Alaric said with a wink. “Come on. The testing area is this way.”
Walking through the marble-floored building reminded me of some of the nicer Adventurers Guild Halls back in Dicathen, except it was much larger and had a much wider array of accommodations. From weapon and armor polishing services, glass meeting rooms for strategizing, resting pods filled with high concentrations of mana for faster healing, to even large training rooms that teams could rent out. It was an all-inclusive facility that you could spend days in.
Alaric took his time going through the different sorts of facilities that every ascender building offered...for a fee, of course. This was, once again, a cold reminder of how much more developed Alacrya was compared to Dicathen.
“How are these training rooms able to take the strain of mages fighting inside?” I asked, watching a team of ascenders leaving one of the private training rooms dripping in sweat.
Alaric knocked on the solid metal wall of the training room. “The instillers that work on the ascender buildings are top class, and the metal making up these rooms are special alloys only found in the northern mountains of Truacia.”
‘Instillers are basically enchanters specializing in enhancing objects with their mana,’ Regis clarified after sensing my confusion.
Finally, we arrived in the area designated for helping ascender candidates. Unlike the other areas within the facility, the large circular waiting area was filled with mages.
Aside from a few nervous applicants that wore regular clothing, most of the mages present in this area looked around my age and were all wearing different militaristic uniforms. Strewn throughout were several older mages, garbed in more traditional robes that walked around, talking to some of the uniformed mages.
“Most applicants come from academies, hence the reason why they look like they have a stick up their ass,” Alaric whispered distastefully. “Unfortunately for you, most ascenders look down on the ‘unschooled,’ as they say. It might be hard for you to attract a party so do decently well—but not too well.”

I frowned. “What is ‘decently well’ supposed to be?”
“Just follow their instructions,” the drunkard dismissed, picking his ear. “They’ll tell you what you need to do to pass.”
The two of us took a seat near the far end of the circular waiting area after Alaric signed me up for a practical skill assessment.
“Damn, I really need a flask,” Alaric muttered beside me, struggling to drink alcohol while hiding it within his suit jacket.
“What you need is help,” I retorted with a scoff.
“Thank you for caring so much about your uncle’s health, dearest nephew,” Alaric said with a smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes.
We continued waiting, and with nothing better to do, I closed my eyes and visualized the realm within the keystone. By now, I had accessed the relic so many times that I could imagine the kaleidoscopic space clearly enough to simulate previous attempts and try learning from them.
‘Check it out. Some of the girls are checking you out,’ Regis commented with a giggle.
Are you twelve? I shot back, not bothering to open my eyes.
‘Technically, I’m not even one,’ my companion argued. ‘But that’s not the point. Some of them are pretty cute.’
How do you even know what cute is? I asked.
‘I’m made from you, remember?’ Regis reminded me. ‘So technically, my interpretation of cute is actually your interpretation of cute.’
Curiosity getting the best of me, I cracked a peek to see a trio of girls a few rows in front of me quickly turn back while giggling amongst themselves. That’s when I also noticed a powerfully built student, whose uniform was having a hard time containing his muscles, glaring at me not far away.
“Are you trying to drill a hole with your gaze?” Alaric snapped. “Come on. You’re up next.”
I followed the old man down the aisle of seats until a thin male clerk guided us through a narrow hallway leading to a circular room.
“Your assessment will be through portal five,” he said, motioning us toward the shimmering gate. “Guardians will be led to the viewing room where they can watch from there. Any questions?”
Alaric went ahead through the portal marked with a ‘five’ without a word and I followed after him.
The jarring sensation of teleportation gates in Dicathen had been largely muted as I stepped through, leaving only a dull sense of vertigo that quickly faded. Studying my new surroundings, I took in the brightly lit tunnel we seemed to be in.
Runes flashed on the immaculate white walls, illuminating our way. Aside from the main path that stretched out in front of us, there was a set of stairs to our right, a metal sign indicating that it led to the viewing room.
“Break a leg.” Alaric smacked my back before heading up the stairs. “It’ll be interesting to see you fight.”
With a deep breath, I made my way through the marble pathway, this entire area reminding me of some sort of underground lab rather than any sort of testing area.
The room that I had entered was a small changing room with some kind of tight suit neatly folded on a bench as well as a locker for me to hang my current clothes.
“For your own safety, please wear the protective suit,” a prerecorded voice repeated every few minutes as I changed.
After putting on the foamy skin-tight suit covered in runes, I walked over to the entrance clearly labeled ‘assessment hall’. I had to admit that it was impressive when the runes on the suit flashed brightly as I neared the entrance and the doors slid open as if the suit itself was required to go through.
‘Wow...fancy,’ Regis commented.
Despite such differences in experience, my mind still expected to see an arena of some sort, but walking through the automatic sliding metal doors, I was greeted with the sight of a huge chamber.
The enormous room was a perfect cube that was around fifty yards in width, height, and length with rows of intricate runes pulsating throughout the walls. Both the floor and walls were divided into smaller square tiles but devoid of anything else aside from a glass pane near the ceiling which several shadowed figures stood behind.
“Candidate Grey, striker,” a voice boomed from high above. “Your first assessment will now begin.”
That was it. No guidance, no instructions of any sort. Instead, a row of lower square tiles receded from the wall and out crawled a trio of giant armored spiders...each of which were at least twice my height.
Regis let out a groan. ‘Again...how come all of the monsters we fight are so damn ugly?’





Chapter 285
Chapter 285: Ascension 101
As the three giant spiders, each one clad in rune-covered armor to protect their bulbous bodies and twitching legs, let out a series of chittering hisses, I couldn’t help but wonder how they had gotten these beasts out of the Relictombs.
‘Maybe they’re just normal mana beasts from the surface,’ Regis answered.
Ah. You’re probably right, but aren’t these supposed to test—
One hulking, armored form skittered toward me, cutting my conversation with Regis short. Despite the spider’s large frame, it moved incredibly fast.
The runes on my suit began glowing brighter as one of the spider’s clawed legs slashed past me.
‘Hey, do you think the runes on your gear react to the runes on the spider’s armor?’ Regis asked.
Artificing was not my field of expertise, but I thought Regis was probably onto something. Perhaps the shadowy judges above could track my performance with the runes, similar to how Emily had helped me train back in the castle. I could just imagine how fascinated Emily or Gideon would be if they saw something like this firsthand.
Actually, Gideon would probably feign disinterest while getting grumpy out of envy, I thought with a smile.
I dodged another barrage of strikes from the spider, glancing toward the other two, which were still waiting at the edge of the assessment hall.
The giant spider lunged at me and I grabbed its fangs, holding it at arm’s length. “Uh, excuse me?” I called out as I turned into the momentum of the spider’s attack, using its own weight to send it tumbling away. “What exactly am I supposed to do for this assessment?”
There was no response.
Frustrated, but hesitant to do anything that might give away my strength, I continued to defend against the relentless assault of the first spider, feeling like a mouse fleeing from a tarantula. As I threw myself back from a slash of the spider’s claws, a warning sounded in my mind and I was forced to spin and dive to the side to avoid the stabbing fangs of the second spider, which had suddenly burst into motion and joined the battle. Had the mana beasts’ armor been designed to be more silent, I might not have heard the creature’s hurried approach in time.
‘What do you suppose happens if those things bite you? Do people die in this test?’
Thanks for the concern, but I’m fine, I thought back, sliding under one spider’s thick legs just as the other leapt at me, causing them to collide with a crash.
‘I’m not concerned, I’m bored.’
My companion’s words got me thinking, and so I started to experiment, purposely allowing a few of the spider’s strikes to hit me.
Surprisingly, despite the speed at which the spider struck, most of the force was dampened upon contact, as if the foam suit I was wearing was several feet thick, rather than several millimeters.
‘You should find out what happens if you get hit in the face,’ Regis suggested, half out of curiosity, half for his own amusement.
Despite Regis’s obvious intentions, I was curious too. I waited until the third spider had sprung to life and joined its brethren, then, right after I had dodged one of the spider’s fangs, I let spider number three swing down at my cheek with its front limb.
The runes around the collar of my suit lit up, encasing my entire head in a silvery dome. The runes surrounding the limb that was about to strike my cheek also flared to life, and, just as it made contact with the protective barrier around my head, both of us were blown back by a concussive force.
I spun in the air, landing on my feet, but the three spiders’ bodies slumped. They scuttled slowly toward the tiles that they had come out from as if they’d been scolded, then the tiles closed behind them.
“The next assessment will now begin,” the examiner watching behind the glass window declared, his voice echoing through the chamber.
Before the last echo had faded, the entire testing chamber began trembling, and the tiles on the ground and walls began sliding outward, forming square pillars. The tile on which I’d been standing lifted me upwards a few feet, then water began flooding the room below me.
“Seize the gem located at the top of the assessment hall before the water touches you,” the voice commanded. “Begin.”
I rolled my eyes. At least this time I had some clear instructions.
Wasting no time, I channeled aether into my legs and leapt from platform to platform. The entire chamber had been transformed into a sort of vertical maze, with rectangular platforms criss-crossing each other to block my view of the top.
Additionally, the platforms moved at random intervals, keeping me on my toes more so than the oversized spiders.
Regardless, with my draconic physique and aetheric enhancements, the assessment was little more than a casual climb up a children’s play structure. High above the floor where I fought the spiders, I found a fist-sized crystal hanging from the center of the ceiling. Below me, the water had filled less than a quarter of the space.
As soon as I grabbed the crystal, the platforms slowly receded, and the water drained through a series of empty tiles in the floor. The pillar I stood atop lowered until I was again standing in an empty square room.

After the water had completely drained and the chamber was back to its original empty form, the central squares of the room began to glow with a dull blue light. A single square at one corner glowed white.
“Please step onto the white square,” the judge announced in his eerie, echoing voice. I did as I was asked, though a part of my mind told me it was stupid. What did I really know about this whole place? They could have detected my lack of mana, or Alaric could have turned me in, and stepping on that white square might disintegrate me, or teleport me into a prison cell, or—
I caught myself before I dug myself into a hole and steeled my nerves. There was no reason for them to be suspicious, and I had already decided to trust the old drunk. I was in the heart of the enemy’s empire, but here I was Grey, not Arthur Leywin.
Once I was standing with both feet firmly placed on the white square, further instructions echoed down from the shadows above.
“Step only on the white tiles. Your goal is to reach the black tile”—one blue tile turned black in the opposite corner from where I stood—“without leaving the platform or touching the blue tiles. You must do so before you pass out from mana loss.”
‘Wait, what did he just—’
Regis was cut off as a sucking pressure began pulling at every inch of me, and I felt the aether in my body being drawn out through my aether channels. How the hell?
‘It’s like that platform in the Relictombs!’ Regis shouted in my mind. ‘They must have modeled this place after those crazy djinn’s tests.”
He was right, of course. I immediately pulled all of my aether back into my core, similar to what I had done with my hand back in the Relictombs, and it seemed to work. My physical body was weakened due to the lack of augmentation, but it drastically slowed the rate at which aether was being sucked out of my body.
I bet they don’t even realize what they’ve created here. There is no way they know that this place can manipulate aether as well as mana.
‘Probably a good thing, though. The sweaty, pained expression on your face doesn’t give anything away.’
I suddenly realized that, while I had been speaking to Regis, the tile in front of me had turned white, and the tile below my feet was slowly turning blue. I stepped forward quickly, and the title behind me instantly changed to the same glowing blue hue as the rest of the tiles. Besides the square I was standing on, one tile to my right, and one tile in front of me were also white.
This, too, was familiar. It wasn’t exactly the same as the revolving platform puzzle I had navigated in the Relictombs, but it was similar in premise: a maze that I couldn’t see until I was standing in it.
I chose the right hand path, and two more tiles turned white, one in front of me, one to my left. I stepped forward again, and the tiles forward and to my left and right all turned white. When I stepped forward once more, however, I found myself at a dead end as no new squares changed color, and was forced to return to the previous tile.
The path changed before me with each step, sometimes leading me backwards, other times stopping suddenly, forcing me to dart back to a safe square before the title under my feet turned blue. And all the while, the aether continued to leak out of me. After nearly two full minutes, I had progressed approximately halfway across the board when the voice from above spoke again.
“Your ability to manipulate and contain your mana is impressive. We will now increase the level of difficulty, but not to worry—you will be scored at a handicap.”
Behind me, the corner square where I had started turned gray, then fell out of sight, leaving a shadowed pit beneath it.
‘Oh, great.’
I waited, counting until the next square descended.
Twenty seconds between squares, unless they speed up as they go. That gives us...a few minutes at most.
‘Step on it, chief,’ Regis urged.
As I progressed across the platform, I twice found myself turned around and cut off by the collapsing tiles. Still, this maze was a much simpler version of the one I experienced in the Relictombs, and even that hadn’t been able to stump me.
It took only two more minutes before I was standing on the black square. Behind me, more than half of the tiles were missing. Internally, I could feel that I’d lost perhaps a third of my aether.
The missing squares reappeared, the lit tiles all faded back to their default dull gray, and the sucking pressure vanished.
A panel in the far wall slid open, revealing a second entrance to the assessment hall. A man and woman, each garbed in white mage robes with a distinct red band on the right arms, walked out, my “uncle” tottering behind them.
“Striker candidate Grey,” a thin bespectacled man said, reading off his clipboard. “Flexibility of offensive magic, below average. Manipulation of mana, above average. Athleticism, above average. Mental acuity, above average. Survivability rate, high.”
I cocked a brow, amused by the man’s reading that my mana manipulation was above average even though I didn’t have a shred of mana in me.
The bespectacled man finally looked up and gave me a smile. “Congratulations, Grey. You have passed the assessment.”
“Of course my nephew passed!” Alaric huffed before walking over to me and patting me on my shoulder.
“I have to say, your ability to obscure your use of mana is impressive,” the blonde woman said, echoing the examiner’s praise. “Even our suit wasn’t able to pick up on the minute traces of leakage while you augmented your limbs.”
“It is impressive indeed,” the bespectacled tester agreed. “And it’ll serve you well in the Relictombs since many of the beasts within are attracted to mana.”

I simply nodded at this new information, but quickly added a smile and said, “Thank you,” when I noticed Alaric staring at me intently.
“I highly recommend that you party with a caster, as you specialize heavily in close combat. Even better if that party has a shield as well,” the woman added before offering her hand. “We hope to see great results on your initiation ascent.”

I took her hand. “I’ll do my best.”
After I had changed back to my casual attire, Alaric and I were escorted back through the teleportation gate to Aramoor City’s ascender building.
“I guess you weren’t just spouting nonsense when you said you reached a convergence zone by yourself,” Alaric muttered before taking a sip of his rum. “You lasted for a pretty long time against those arachnoids.”
“Really?” I asked, surprised. “How long do ascenders usually last?”
“Well, if you saw one in the wild, the sensible thing to do would be to burn them down, but the arachnoids that they use for testing are protected heavily by runes,” Alaric explained. “You weren’t able to do any damage to them, which is why they marked you low for that, but you still lasted longer than a lot of the formally trained candidates from academies.”
I turned to Alaric, who was peering down the nozzle of the dark glass bottle, trying to see how much rum he had left. “Would you believe me if I said that the times I got hit were on purpose?”
The old drunk’s eyes shifted to me as he raised a brow. “You got hit...on purpose? Why?”
“To see how the runes on the suit worked?” I looked away and rubbed the back of my neck, suddenly embarrassed.
“So while you were facing off against a giant armored mana beast, you thought that, ‘Hey, let me try getting hit in the face to see if this suit protects me!’ was a valid train of thought?” he asked slowly as we walked down a quiet corridor leading back to the main hall.
“It wouldn’t really have done any lasting damage even if I got hit.”
“Oh right, your very augmented regenerative abilities, right?” He rolled his eyes. “I can’t tell whether you’re an idiot or just ridiculously overconfident.”
“Those two traits aren’t necessarily mutually exclusive,” Regis chimed in with a snicker, his head peeking out. “He can be both.”
Alaric raised his bottle of alcohol. “I can drink to that.”
“You can drink to anything,” I groused, shoving Regis back into my body.
Alaric eyed me seriously. “Regardless... Idiocy and overconfidence are two of the biggest causes of deaths in the Relictombs.”
“I’ll keep that in mind,” I said dismissively.
“Good.” Alaric veered left at a fork into a larger hallway with marked doors on either side.
I followed closely behind the old man, watching his head turn left and right as if searching for a specific room.
“Where are we going?” I finally asked.
“My end of the bargain,” he said without turning back. “Now come on, the faster you’re briefed, the faster you can find a team and go on your preliminary ascent.”
“And then the faster I start making money?” I finished.
“Good-looking and smart. You’re just the whole package, aren’t you?” Alaric said mockingly.
Moments later, Alaric stopped in front of a door labeled “C28,” inserted a rune-inscribed key into the lock, and waited. The lock clicked, and he pushed his way through the door and slumped down at a large circular table, beckoning me to join him. The room had no windows and only a single entrance; inside, the table was surrounded by eight chairs. There was a projection artifact on the table and a drawing board hanging on the wall, but the room was otherwise empty.
“The rooms here are completely soundproof and impossible to scry into, even for regalia-holding sentries,” Alaric confirmed.
“Great! That means I can come out,” Regis exclaimed, leaping from my back and prancing once around the table before stopping to stretch.
“All right, we only have half an hour reserved so let’s get started,” the old drunkard declared, stamping his bottle of rum on the table as if it were a gavel.
He turned his chair around so he could reach the drawing board and picked up an ink brush. Regis and I watched in silence as he drew two wide ovals, one stacked above the other.
“These disks represent the first two floors of the Relictombs,” he began.

Regis raised a paw. “Question. I thought the different areas in the Relictombs were called zones?”
Alaric massaged the bridge of his nose. “They are...after the first two floors, which I was going to get to eventually.”
“Then please proceed,” Regis responded calmly.
“Anyway, I’m sure you two noticed already, but unlike zones, the first two floors are all interconnected,” Alaric explained.
“Wait,” I interrupted. “So all of the ascenders end up in the same place in these first two floors?”
Alaric raised a brow. “You sound confused. It would be impossible not to notice other ascenders on these two floors.”
“I wound up in the Relictombs in an...unconventional way,” I said. Regis scoffed beside me but I ignored him.
“Not interested,” the old drunk said, raising both his hands placatingly. “Just know that these two floors are vastly different from the zones you’ve explored.”
“What do you mean?”
“These two floors represent how far Alacrya has come in colonizing the Relictombs,” he answered in a low voice. He paused for a moment, then seemed to shake himself out of whatever reverie he had just lapsed into. “The first floor is where aether monsters are bred and raised for specific raw material. But there are also a lot of merchants on the first floor—never buy anything from the merchants on the first floor!”
I gave Alaric a curious look.
“There are a load of scammers that prey on new ascenders who don’t yet know any better,” he explained, shaking his head.
“Were you one of those scammers?” Regis asked with a chuckle.
“Hush, pup,” Alaric snapped, though he couldn’t quite hide the sly smile that crept onto his face. “Anyway, the second floor is where the majority of ascenders actually spend their days. You’ll also be able to buy some new armor and weapons there if you need it.”
“Is that why I haven’t seen any armories or weapon shops in Aramoor?” I asked.
“Yes,” the old man replied. I realized that he no longer gave me strange looks when I asked questions about what was probably common knowledge amongst the Alacryans. Apparently he had grown used to my ignorance. “You might find some small ones on the surface, but the majority of them are on the second floor.”
Alaric went on to describe what seemed like an entire city built within the second floor of the Relictombs. Aside from the smithies and shops, there were training grounds, inns, merchants who would buy your accolades, and even restaurants.
I shook my head. “I get that having some of these things in the Relictombs would be convenient, but is there really a need for an entire city catered to the ascenders?”
“You have to realize that the shop owners and workers there are also ascenders,” Alaric said, taking another swig of his rum. “It’s very hard to open a store on the second floor, but being right there when a party of ascenders stumbles half dead out of the Relictombs is good business. Some hardly ever leave, just returning to the second floor to rest and regain their strength before diving back in again. There are other perks, too, though. For example, there aren’t any taxes on goods or services within the Relictombs.”
“Another way for Agrona to promote the livelihood of ascenders?” I asked, gazing at the simple oval drawing and trying to picture a thriving city built around ascending alone. I thought of the Wall before the horde of mana beasts attacked; it hadn’t been so different there, where an entire economy had grown up around the Wall’s defenders.
“Yup! There’s even bigger rewards if you actually manage to find a relic, but it’d be foolish of us to bank on that,” Alaric explained.
After the drunkard finished his brief explanation of the workings of the first two floors, he explained what I should expect during this preliminary ascent. There was only so much he could tell me about the zones, since the portals from zone to zone could take me anywhere, but he explained where to look for a party and what to look for in potential party members that would be useful. Some of what he told me I could have worked out on my own, but it was Alaric’s insight into the ascender culture that I knew would prove invaluable.
“I understand,” I repeated for the fourth time as we left the room, Regis safely back inside of me. “A good party composition is the key to success. I should find ascenders who compliment not only my own skills but each other’s. I’m only required to go to one zone, so don’t over do it. Got it.”
Alaric narrowed his eyes as he looked at me. “You’re a very boring person, have I ever told you that?” he grumbled.
Ignoring him, the two of us walked down the brightly lit hallway, following the signs that directed us toward the ascension chamber, which was sensibly located right beside the ascender building.
The hallways got busier as we approached the edifice housing the ancient portal that would take me back to the Relictombs. Unlike adventurers in Dicathen, ascenders came in all shapes and sizes.
It was particularly amusing to see a herculean warrior, who must have weighed over three hundred pounds, standing politely in line behind a petite girl garbed in what looked like an academy uniform.
“This is as far as I can go,” Alaric said, gazing toward the portal with that faraway look I’d seen in the conference room. He jumped when a passing ascender accidentally bumped against him, then scratched at the back of his head awkwardly. “I’ll stand by in our room back at the inn.”
“Don’t trash the place,” I said, turning toward the line.
“Ah—”
I turned back to see him reach out as if wanting to grab me.
“Was there something else you wanted to say?”
“Er...” Alaric cleared his throat. “Just...don’t die, kid. And don’t ever fall into one of those parties that require you to pay a ‘fee.’ They’re always scams.”
‘Aww, he cares about you,’ Regis teased.
“Thanks, Uncle. Did you want a hug as well?” I asked with a smirk.
“Snarky brat. Just hurry up and get your damn badge so you can start making money,” he grumbled before turning to leave.
I stepped into the growing line, excited at the prospect of making progress once more, frustrated that I wasn’t moving fast enough...and scared for what the future held. Pushing down the cacophony of emotions, I focused solely on the entrance to the Relictombs ahead.





Chapter 286
Chapter 286: How to Survive
“I can tell by your wandering gaze that you’re new here. Well, you’re in luck! We have—”
“Not interested,” I interrupted, waving away a thin man with shiny, slick-backed hair.
It only took four steps to be stopped by another resident of the first floor. A petite girl wearing a short battle-skirt—way too short to provide any sort of coverage in a fight—brushed her arm against mine and glanced up at me.
“Would you like to join my team? There are only us girls, and we’d really like a strong, cool man like you around,” she said, batting her eyes.
I had arrived on the first floor less than ten minutes ago and this was already the seventh time I’d been stopped. Even after all of Alaric’s warnings, I hadn’t expected things to be this bad.
Losing my patience, I exerted a light pulse of aetheric pressure.
A ripple ran through the surrounding crowd as they stiffened and shied away from the source of the pressure. The girl’s eyes went wide and she stepped back, staring at me as though I were a demon.
‘Begone, foul wench!’ Regis declared theatrically in my head as the girl scurried away.
Aside from the constant movement of workers and the ever-present hucksters, there wasn’t much to look at on the first floor. The air was stuffy and it smelled of sweat, dirt, and excrement.
The first floor stretched out for miles on either side of me, and I couldn’t even see the ceiling above us...if there even was one. From what I could tell, there was no ambient light. The wide pathways were lit by a combination of torches and cranes holding up a web of light orbs high above our heads.
Most of the space I could see from the main path was dominated by huge quarries and even larger fenced fields of tall orange grass, where cattle-like beasts roamed mindlessly.
The entire area was a cacophony of grinding metal, breaking rock, distant bestial crooning, and a lot of loud conversations fighting each other for supremacy. Meanwhile, ascenders filed toward the teleportation gate leading to the second floor in droves.
As I got closer to the gate, the crowd of ascenders funnelled into yet another single-file line. A pair of imposing guards—their rune-scored backs proudly displayed by their armored uniforms—were checking each person for their ascender’s badge before letting them through.
When it was my turn, the guard stuck out an armored hand, looking me up and down. “Badge?”
I gave him my badge. After a quick scan, he let out a scoff and handed it back to me. “Good luck on your prelim, wogart.”
Though irritated by the obvious pejorative, I ignored the comment and stepped cautiously through the glass-like portal leading to the second floor.
I was tired, annoyed, and hot from the half hour I had been on the first floor, but all of those negative feelings were completely washed away as I took in the sight in front of me.
‘Damn...’ Regis let out a whistle.
The second floor was nothing like the industrial wasteland I had just come from and completely different from what I myself had imagined.
It was an entire city, miles wide, built under a radiant, sunless sky. The streets were paved with decorative tiles that sparkled under the glowing blue expanse overhead.
Along the avenue, hovering orbs of soft light filled neatly placed, elegant street lamps, giving the streets an almost ethereal quality.
“Get out of the way!” a husky voice barked behind me.
I snapped out of my daze, apologizing to the burly man, then walking forward. It was a lot to take in, even for someone who had lived in a flying city.
The streets were busy but never congested, with ascenders everywhere. It was like being back in the Adventurers Guild Hall in Xyrus, if it had expanded to take over the entire city.
As Alaric had suggested, businesses catering to ascenders were ubiquitous. The embellished signs hung above the multi-level storefronts advertised everything from blacksmiths to butchers. I saw several shops specializing in the creation and repair of certain weapons, markets where one might find simpler needs, such as dried rations or a new pair of boots, and I even found an impressive building advertising imbuing services for artifacts and accolades.
However, what I saw the most were inns. In fact, most of the multi-storied brick buildings of varying colors and decorations were inns, all of which were advertising long-term rental of rooms, most often paid by the month rather than the day.
“Alaric was right. You could spend your entire life here,” I muttered under my breath.
‘Focus! You look like a country bumpkin. Remember that we’re here for your ascent,’ Regis chided, even though he was just as absorbed in sightseeing as I was.
I realized I had become so sidetracked that I wasn’t sure which direction to go to find a team. Alaric had provided several tips for what to look for in potential teammates and what kind of negotiations to expect, but his guidance on navigating the second level had, I realized, been pretty shallow.
Making my way back toward the portal I had arrived from, I searched for any sort of laborer or guard who could help guide me in the right direction. On this side of the portal, however, there was only a constant stream of ascenders.

“Excuse me?” I said, tapping a passing man on his shoulder. “Do you know where I can find a team for a preliminary ascent?”
The bearded man, whose golden chainmail vest made him practically glow, cocked his head toward me and shot me a glare. “Shove off.”
After receiving several such colorful rejections by other ascenders, a younger gentleman that looked only a few years older than me actually looked willing to help.
“Are you serious?” he asked with an amused chuckle.
“It’s my first time here,” I admitted, scratching my cheek.
“Come on,” the man motioned with his chin. “I’m actually heading over there anyway.”
Walking out of the main avenue, the two of us walked across a less crowded street. I sized the man up as we walked; he wore a fitted set of dark leather armor, well crafted but much less opulent than what I’d seen some of the other ascenders wearing, like the man with the golden chainmail. He moved confidently, clearly knowing exactly where he was headed.
“So what academy are you from?” he asked languidly. “Probably a slim chance, but maybe I’m an alum.”
I shook my head. “I didn’t go to an academy. My uncle trained me.”
“And you managed to pass the assessment? Congrats,” he said with a smile before sticking out his hand. “I’m Quinten, by the way.”
“Grey,” I responded, receiving his gesture.
“So have you had a chance to tour the city, Grey?” Quinten asked, looking up at the buildings towering over us.
“A little. The city is even more amazing than the stories I’ve heard.”
“Well what do you expect when you have a city made exclusively for powerful mages,” he said with a chuckle. “You should see the Summit Estates.”
My brows furrowed. “Estates? As in homes?”
Quinten nodded. “I’ve only ever peered past the gates, but it’s a gated area of villas for highblood ascenders.”
“And considering how many long-term inns I’ve seen just walking down the street, I’m assuming these houses are astronomical in price?”
“Astronomical would be an understatement,” the ascender snorted as we turned right into a narrow alley between two buildings. “No, even if you had the money, the real problem is exclusivity. The number of properties there is pretty limited, and it’s rare that the highbloods would give up the prestige of owning a house on the second level. They generally only go up for sale if a highblood is struggling.”
“I see.”
The ascender shouldered me with a smile. “Just giving you some dreams to try and reach.”
I chuckled. “Thank you.”
Quinten then leaned closer to me. “You should also check out the girls on Blossom Street.”
“Huh?” It took me a second to realize what he was referring to. “Oh...wait, they’re ascenders as well, why would they—”
“Ascents are dangerous.” He shrugged. “A lot of us—not just our lovely escorts—have been through enough that we’re fed up with them. The smarter ones have realized that there are easier ways to make money.”
“Like leading poor mages just trying to become ascenders into dark, out of the way alleys and mugging them?” I asked innocently.
Quinten blinked before stifling a laugh. “When’d you notice?”
I looked around, ignoring the ascender calmly leaning against a brick pillar supporting a bridge several stories above us. There wasn’t a single ascender in sight aside from my amicable mugger.
“Early enough,” I said, lowering my gaze to meet Quinten’s. “I assumed you would have a group of other thugs waiting to help you, though.”
He let out a chortle. “Why would I need a group to handle one little wogart?”
Quinten’s form blurred as he rushed toward me, a blade of condensed stone coalescing around his arm.
‘Need help?’ Regis asked lazily.
I got it.
I reached for the stone blade that had manifested over Quinten’s entire hand. Gripping his wrist with my left hand, I guided the blade safely past, stepped back with my left foot, and brought my right elbow up into his chin.

With the momentum of his own dash, I barely had to use any strength aside from shrouding myself in aether.
Quinten’s head snapped back and he crumpled to the ground, his stone blade dissolving.

Fortunately, the mugger hadn’t died, and his body was sturdy enough that he regained consciousness within a few minutes, giving me enough time to use his own clothes to tie his hands and feet together.
“Had a nice nap?”
The ascender let out a groan before realizing that he was half naked and his limbs had been tied. “I don’t know what you did, but do you really think leather bands can hold me?”
“No, but they’ll give me just enough time to knock you out again if you try and do anything troublesome,” I said with an innocent smile.
Quinten nodded awkwardly from his position on the ground. “What do you want?”
“What I wanted from the beginning,” I answered. “Where do I go to find a team for my preliminary ascent?”
The half-naked ascender wiggled on his side until he was able to point in the direction with his chin. “Just follow that road until you hit Vritra Avenue. Make a right and follow the road until you see a tall building with a giant clock on the top.”
“Thank you,” I said, walking toward him.
“Hey—hold up—-you know it’d be really stupid to kill me here, right?” he asked, panic laced in his voice. “Y-you’ll be banned from—”
I bent down and snapped the leather bands around his wrists. “Relax. I know you weren’t trying to kill me either earlier. And I assume you know it would be really stupid to hold a grudge, right?”
Quinten simply snapped the thick leather bands around his ankles. “The most important thing we obtain through our ascents isn’t knowledge or strength—it’s how to survive.”
“I’ll keep that in mind.” I turned to leave when I remembered another question I wanted to ask. “One more thing.”
Quinten visibly flinched at my sudden movement. “What is it?”
“What does ‘wogart’ mean?”
Quinten looked at me, deadpan.
“Wogart,” I repeated. “What does it—”
“I heard you the first time,” he grunted. “I just never heard someone ask me what it was before.”
“I grew up fairly sheltered,” I lied. “Practically had to escape from my father to become an ascender.”
“Fair enough,” he said, pulling out a new set of clothes from his dimension ring. “You’ll probably run into them fairly often, but they’re these doe-eyed beasts that are at the bottom of the food chain. Basically, it’s slang for an inexperienced ascender.”
‘Yeah, you wogart,’ Regis chortled.
“Fair enough,” I said, chuckling in amusement as I walked away.
Taking the narrow marble road, which was surprisingly clean—there wasn’t a single piece of trash in sight—I made my way toward the clock tower when I saw the faintest of shadows blur by.
I was more disappointed in myself that I hadn’t noticed this person than I was annoyed at yet another interruption. Every person had an aether signature, and, while it wasn’t a physical manifestation of aether that I could absorb like the creatures in the Relictombs had, I could use the small amounts of aether within them to potentially sense them afar...if I was good enough.
“You can come out now,” I said without breaking stride.
A slim man garbed in dark leather and chainmail hopped down from one of the lower buildings to my left.
“Why are you following me?” I asked, studying the man who looked close to my age.
Curly locks of moss-green hair draped over much of his face, but I could make out high cheekbones underneath a pair of deep-set brown eyes.
“Peace,” he said, his voice low and croaky. The man raised his arms, showing his empty palms.
“Assuming Quinten was telling the truth, you’re not with him,” I mused. “A third party trying his luck?”

He shook his head. “I sensed mana usage, and in this part of the level that generally means a fight. I assumed someone was in trouble, so I checked it out.”
“That doesn’t answer my question,” I responded calmly.
“Curiosity got the best of me,” he admitted, rubbing the back of his neck. “I was impressed with the way you took that thug down and, honestly, surprised you let him off so easy. Despite what he told you, you’d have been in your rights to end his life.”
“That’s not how I do things,” I said, not bothering to hide my distaste.
“That’s why I’d like to be on your team when you go back into the Relictombs.” The stranger held my gaze confidently, but the fingers of his left hand were twiddling with nervous energy.
With the recent attempted-mugging fresh in my mind, I wasn’t feeling particularly trustful, and I was sure this man was hiding something. “Sorry to disappoint, friend, but I’m not going ‘back’ into the Relictombs. This is my preliminary ascent.”
He nodded, his curly green bangs bouncing gently around his face. “I heard. I can help with that, help you find a team that won’t get you killed.”
‘He’s a persistent one,’ Regis said.
Silently agreeing, I decided to be blunt. “Why? What’s in it for you? Give me an answer I can believe, and I’ll think about joining you.”
“I can’t sense your mana. I couldn’t even when you took out that mugger, which you managed with a single blow. You don’t make sense. You’re different. And in the Relictombs, different is good.”
Regis chuckled in my mind. ‘I like this guy.’
“That’s it?” I asked skeptically.
“We all go in for the same reasons: get strong, get rich,” he said, his hands balling into fists to still his fidgeting fingers. “But the Relictombs can’t be charted or mapped. The only way to change where you go is to change who you travel with. Like I said, different is good.”
“So you think the Relictombs is going to take you somewhere new if you go in with me?” This ascender seemed to know more about the Relictombs than anyone else I’d talked to, except maybe Alaric. Even the old drunk hadn’t made the connection about traveling with different people to chart different paths through the dungeon, though.
“That’s the idea. New paths, new chances to win accolades—maybe even a relic.”
That was something I could believe. Anybody with his level of knowledge and confidence was bound to be useful inside.
“What’s your name?” I asked.
“Haedrig.”
He held out his hand. I took it and was immediately surprised by how small it was. I could feel the calluses from long hours holding a weapon on the fingers and palms, and his grip was strong, but delicate.
“Grey.”
“You know, Grey,” Haedrig said as we turned to walk together toward the clock tower, “you’ll find fewer alley rats willing to try their luck with you if you properly displayed your runes. Generally, only those who lack confidence in their runes will cover them.”
“Is that another reason why mages show off their runes?” I asked. “Sorry, I’m from the countryside, so to me, it just seems like they’re showing off.”
“It may seem arrogant, and there are plenty of ascenders out there who fit that description, but it does make life easier in general,” he explained. “Not many people actually take the time to learn to read runes since, depending on the spell it provides, there can be a lot of variances in design. Ascenders, in general, aren’t a studious group.”
As I listened, I realized I hadn’t considered the societal impact of having your strength so clearly displayed to anyone who looked. On Dicathen, I might judge someone’s strength by the quality of their weapons and armor, or because they had a mana beast bond, or—back when such things were still possible—because I could sense their mana, but I could still be wrong. Here, a potential ally—or opponent—could tell exactly what you were capable of just by looking at your runes.
“Anyway, let’s find us a team,” he continued. “There are a few ways to go about it, but I’m assuming you want to take your prelim as soon as possible?”
“Yeah.”
“Then the association building that thug directed you to wouldn’t be a good idea,” he said, taking the lead. “It’s the safest way, but you have to fill out a pretty extensive request, and it’ll take them a few days to find you a team willing to take you.”
I rubbed my chin, wishing I’d have hit Quinten even harder. “What do you suggest then?”
Haedrig motioned toward the way. “Follow me.”
We made our way out of the narrow road and onto Vritra Avenue. The streets were pleasantly lively with ascenders—some garbed in casual clothes while others looked as if they had brutally murdered someone just moments ago. Dozens of white trees with soft purple leaves stood tall on the streets every few blocks, providing shade and scattering its gem-like leaves.
I couldn’t help but notice Haedrig’s eyes constantly surveying the area, as if always on the look-out or something.
“Are we lost?” I asked.
“No. It’s just...there are some people looking for me. It’s not important.”
It sounded important...but I dropped the subject for now.
After passing the clock tower that Quinten had directed me to, we took a winding road that led past several inns, two brothels, and a medical center. Finally, Haedrig stopped.
‘Woah...’ Regis said breathily.
My eyes widened at the sight in front of us, not quite sure what to make of it. I thought that maybe Haedrig had gotten lost... He looked back at me with an amused expression, as if relishing my reaction.
“We’re here.”





Chapter 287
Chapter 287: Familial Ascent
A large plaza surrounded by a ring of tall lavender trees stretched out ahead of us, overcrowded and even louder than the first level of the Relictombs. The area was filled with the rumble of dozens of half-shouted conversations. If the crowd hadn’t been composed entirely of ascenders clad in impressive armor and weapons, I would’ve mistaken this place for a flea market.
“What...is this place?” I hesitantly asked, watching the ascenders file between neat rows of wooden booths.
“The best place to find a team...if you know what you’re looking for,” Haedrig replied before plunging into the crowd. “Come on.”
I hurried after him, not wanting to get separated within the sea of ascenders.
“Looking for a caster! At least two emblems required! One time ascent!”
“Looking for a sentry! Favorable distribution of all accolades!”
Each stall had at least one ascender standing nearby hollering out their requirements for an ideal candidate to join their team. It was fascinating.
I watched as a flat-faced, broad-shouldered hulk turned to show his exposed runes to a tall, twiggy man with long golden hair. The golden-haired ascender looked thoughtful, then shook his head, but I lost sight of them in the crowd after that.
Nearby, a handsome young ascender sat nonchalantly on his table, speaking in a low voice so that those surrounding him had to lean in to hear. I couldn’t make out the words, but, by the rapturous expressions of his audience, he must have been telling them a thrilling tale.
“Grey!” Haedrig called out, several paces ahead. “This way.”
The green-haired ascender led us past several rows of stalls until we arrived at a small building with ascenders shuffling in and out.
“You’ll need to get changed here first,” Haedrig explained, pointing to the windowless shed. “You brought your armor, right?”
I stepped to the back of the line. “Of course.”
While I had kept the white dagger within my coat as a safety measure, the black armor and teal cloak had been stored safely in my storage rune; Alaric had gotten me a dimension ring—using my own money, of course—before we visited the ascender building. The problem was that, because I couldn’t use mana, I wasn’t able to activate the ring. Still, I kept it on me; if anything, the ring served as camouflage to others.
After changing, I stepped out of the large shed. Haedrig eyed me critically.
“Is something wrong?”
“It’s—it’s nothing,” he said with a cough. “While the cloak looks nice, I was hoping you’d have a more impressive set of armor.”
“I haven’t really had the time to shop for armor,” I said, looking down at myself. “Do I really look that shabby?”
“Not shabby, just—” Haedrig scratched his head—“never mind. Let’s go.”
As I followed him back into the press of ascenders, I wondered what he was looking for. We had passed dozens of groups looking for new party members already, but Haedrig had barely spared them a glance.
Admittedly, based on the shouted advertisements and posted signage, it seemed unlikely that any of these groups would be interested in a new ascender who hadn’t even completed his preliminary ascent yet. In fact, most of the teams looking for an ascender here had listed requirements for a minimum number of ascents candidates must have completed.
“How are we going to find someone willing to take me here?” I asked, narrowly avoiding bumping into yet another ascender. “Most of these people seem to be looking for experienced ascenders.”
Haedrig looked back at me as he continued leading the way. “There are only established teams here looking for one-off members. If we go in a bit deeper, we’ll see different types of groups, including individuals who are looking to escort ascenders on their prelim.”
“Are you sure?” I asked. “Unless I’m willing to pay them, I really can’t see any benefit for an ascender to take the time to escort a wogart on their prelim.”
Haedrig stifled a laugh.
I frowned. “What is it?”
“I’ve never heard someone refer to himself as a wogart before,” he said, his voice tinged with laughter. “And, while not everyone finds it worth it, there are quite a few benefits.”
“Watch it,” a brawny woman in silver plate armor grunted as we butted shoulders.
“Sorry,” I muttered before turning back to my green-haired companion. “What are these benefits?”
“If you go to the trouble to meet the higher qualifications to get a principal’s badge—which a lot of experienced ascenders do anyway, since most academies require all of their instructors to have one—you don’t have to pay for any of the accommodations in any of the ascender buildings. Also, the High Sovereign gives a generous stipend for principals to take ascenders on their prelims,” Haedrig explained.
‘So another way to foster new ascenders. Agrona has invested an awful lot in making sure his people are willing to throw themselves into the jaws of death for him, huh?’ Regis said.
I nodded, considering Regis’s words. To Haedrig, I asked, “Is there anything else?”
Haedrig thought for a moment, slowing down his pace while still deftly avoiding the mass of ascenders. “Well, being a wogart farmer isn’t the most respected career path, but it’s pretty safe, especially if you have blood to take care of.”
I raised a brow. “Wogart farmer?”

“Oh, sorry. It’s another slang term—ascenders who have ‘retired’ and only escort candidates that need to do their preliminary ascent,” he clarified.
“So are they who we’re looking for—wogart farmers, I mean?”
“Yes, although we have to be careful about who we end up going with.”
As we walked further into the large, overcrowded plaza, I began to see more young ascenders—some of whom looked just about as lost as I felt.
“Let me handle the talking,” Haedrig said as he led us to one of the larger stalls.
“Ah, are you two looking for a principal to take you down?” the attendant, a burly gentleman with a handlebar mustache, asked gruffly.
“My friend is on his prelim, and I’ll be accompanying him,” Haedrig replied courteously. “Do you have an information sheet for your business?”
“Information sheet?” the burly ascender echoed, confused.
Haedrig didn’t bother with the man any further. With a curt nod, he said, “Thank you for your time,” and walked away.
I was curious, but stayed silent as Haedrig went from stall to stall. Some offered simple pamphlets, which looked to be a summary of their work history, though others, like the mustachioed ascender, seemed caught off guard by the request.
Ultimately, however, Haedrig would give the same curt nod and we’d move onto the next stall.
“What was wrong with that woman? She seemed to have already attracted a few people for their prelim ascents,” I asked.
Haedrig cocked a brow. “Attracted. Interesting choice of words. Did you want to go with her because she was pretty?”
“What?” I sputtered. “No, I was just saying that the other ascenders probably thought she was qualified enough to lead them down, right?”
“They were all men.”
“I’m just curious what your criteria is,” I grumbled, feeling as if I had been scolded for some reason.
“I see that Grey likes his women ample in the front,” Haedrig said with a shrug. “I’ll keep that in mind.”
‘I am also pro-ample women,’ Regis said matter-of-factly.
“Keep it in mind for what?” I said indignantly.
Ignoring my question, Haedrig handed me the pamphlet he had received from the female principal ascender. “Look closely. Though her pamphlet is notarized by the association, there’s no column for referrals from previous ascenders she has led on prelims, and she’s not even an alumna of an academy.”
“While I appreciate the thoroughness, is all of this really necessary?” I asked, handing back the piece of parchment. “I’m quite capable, and, seeing the way you carry yourself, I’m pretty certain you are too.”
Haedrig stared at me, mildly surprised. “Is it that noticeable?”
“For the trained eye it is.” I stepped toward my mysterious companion. “And it’s natural to study someone you don’t fully trust.”
Haedrig only nodded, his eyes meeting mine, his brow turned down thoughtfully, but the faintest hint of a smile on his lips.
‘He’s a little strange, isn’t he? Not us strange, but still strange,’ Regis mused.
He is a peculiar one, I agreed. But he doesn’t seem to have any ill intent, so far as I can tell.
We continued our search, going from stall to stall while Haedrig asked a few questions to the principal ascenders while I listened. There were a lot of older, washed up ascenders who reminded me of Alaric—albeit not so blatantly drunk. Some of the principals seemed to take it personally, as if it was a blow to their pride that we weren’t immediately worshipping them, but most were genuinely nice and rather patient with us.
This made it all the more frustrating that Haedrig still hadn’t found anyone he considered suitable. By the time we had looped the entire two rows of stalls, I was on the verge of just choosing one of the principal ascenders we had talked to myself when Haedrig stopped mid-step, causing me to almost bump into him.
“What’s wrong?” I asked, trying to follow his line of sight through the crowd, but there was too much noise and commotion.
Without a word, he bolted off, weaving through the crowd of meandering ascenders back to the teams looking for experienced ascenders. I followed after, surprised by how strongly he had reacted.
By the time I had caught up to him, the green-haired ascender was talking to a man of heroic build clad in a stunning dark suit of gold-trimmed armor emblazoned with a crest in the shape of a crown. With long blond hair that draped behind his shoulders and an expression that radiated confidence, I could see why he had caught Haedrig’s eye. He seemed to be mulling over something Haedrig had just said, but a muscular young man in a uniform embellished with the same crown cut in between them.
“Brother! You said we were looking for an experienced Shield. We don’t need another Striker, much less one with baggage.”
‘Isn’t that the boy that was glaring at you in the ascender building back at Aramoor?’ Regis asked.
I think so.
“Wasn’t it actually my overprotective little brother who wanted to find a Shield?” the armored ascender responded with amusement. “I can’t believe you don’t trust me enough to watch over my own siblings.”
“Yeah, you’re worrying too much, Ezra!” The speaker, one of a pair of girls—both wearing similar uniforms to the boy—had the same blond hair as our potential principal. I realized then that I recognized her and her friend; they had been with the group of students waiting to take their assessment. “You know that Brother has gone on at least a dozen ascents already. And besides, this ascender seems to be experienced as well.”
“And your poor old brother gets to make a little extra money,” the armored ascender said with a wink.

“It’s unbecoming for a member of our blood to say things like that,” the boy in uniform, Ezra, said with a click of his tongue.
Smiling faintly, Haedrig turned and scanned the mass of people until he caught sight of me.

“Grey! Over here!” he said, raising his arm.
The two girls’ eyes widened in surprise as they saw me approach, while Ezra’s brow furrowed aggressively.
Their older brother just looked at the three in confusion.
I walked over to Haedrig’s side and looked at him for some answers.
“Kalon, this is Grey, my friend who needs to take his preliminary ascent,” Haedrig said, motioning toward the armored ascender. “Grey, this is Kalon of Blood Granbehl. He has agreed to take us along.”
“So you are familiar with my blood,” Kalon said with a nod.
“Blood Granbehl is a distinguished Named Blood hailing from the Dominion of Vechor,” Haedrig explained to me.
“From Vechor?” I echoed, wondering why I had seen the students in Aramoor, which was on the other side of the continent.
Kalon turned toward me. “Nice to meet you, Grey. As your friend mentioned, I’m Kalon Granbehl and these two fair-haired young ascenders-to-be are my younger siblings, Ada and Ezra.”
“And I’m Riah of Blood Faline,” the perky, short-haired friend said without missing a beat. “What a coincidence that we’re all seeing each other again so soon!”
“Again?” Kalon asked, his head shifting from me to Riah. “You’ve all met before?”
“I think we saw each other briefly back at the ascender building in Aramoor City,” I clarified. “Thank you for agreeing to take us with you.”
“Oh, it’s nothing! My brother has done this a lot since he’s an instructor,” Ada replied eagerly, shaking her head while Kalon looked at her with a mischievous grin.
“You’d best not hold us back. Even if it is just a preliminary ascent, the Relictombs are dangerous,” Ezra warned, stepping forward and sizing me up.
He stood roughly around my height, but his frame was much more broad and bulky than my own.
Slapping Ezra on the back, Kalon said, “You’re not at school anymore, little brother. Be careful, the pretty boy might be even stronger than you are.” Kalon eyed me as he said this, the jovial grin slipping from his face for a moment.
“A wogart with no academy training? I doubt it,” Ezra snapped before turning away.
Shaking away whatever thought had caught him, Kalon gave me a friendly smile. “Don’t mind him, he just gets a little protective around our precious little sister.”
“Brother!” Ada huffed, her cheeks turning red. Riah snickered and elbowed her friend.
“Anyway, I’m stuck having to take the kids on their prelim anyway, so you’re just making the trip a little more lucrative for me,” Kalon said with a grin. “Don’t worry though, I’ll still keep you all safe!”
“Thank you again,” I said with a faint smile.
It didn’t take mana perception to tell that, despite Kalon’s easy-going attitude, he was strong. From the way he looked at me beneath that placid gaze, he knew I was strong as well.
“Shall we depart?” Haedrig asked, looking at the students in uniform. “Or do the three of you need to change into your armor first?”
“Not necessary,” Ezra responded curtly, enveloping his body in mana.
Moments later, a full set of silver armor materialized around Ezra’s body along with a glistening crimson spear inscribed with faint golden runes.
“You should’ve seen how happy he was when our father got him that for his graduation present.” Kalon waggled his brows with a grin, forcing Ada to stifle a surprised giggle.
Ezra shot his older brother a menacing glare, and his neck and jaws flushed red in embarrassment.
Riah also had her own set of materializing armor, albeit one made from leather and chainmail, designed for speed and flexibility. She wielded a unique weapon—a dagger with a wide fan-like blade held by a grip embedded with small gems.
The youngest Granbehl sibling wore luxurious mage’s robes of soft green, lined on the inside with rows of runes while the sides were cut to enhance movement. The trim was gold, like Kalon’s armor, and was emblazoned with the same crown, likely signifying their blood’s crest. She had no wand or staff; instead, all ten of her fingers had a ring interlinked by a small chain attached to a silver bracelet on her wrists, which was embedded with a single pink gem.
“Those magically appearing armors seem useful,” I mentioned to Haedrig.
“They are,” the green-haired ascender replied as he led our now-complete party away from the rows of stalls.
“They’re also ridiculously expensive,” Kalon added. “But it’s a symbol of wealth and power, and my father loves that.”
I only nodded, unsurprised.

“So, Grey.” Riah stepped up beside me as our group headed out of the plaza, briefly catching my eye then looking away. “I’m curious what your scores were on the assessment.”
Ada stepped up closer, and even Ezra slowed his pace, tilting his head toward us to listen in.
“I think, aside from ‘flexibility of offensive magic’, I scored above average,” I answered.
“Oh! That’s not bad!” Kalon chimed in, looking back at us over his shoulder. “It’s hard to get a good score in flexibility unless you have runes of different elements so don’t beat yourself up for it.”
Ezra scoffed. “Not even one ‘exceptional’ score?”
‘Another wogart that needs to be humbled,’ Regis said with a sigh.
“Ezra, what did Mother say about being arrogant?” Ada chided.
“Yeah!” Riah defended as well. “And who was the one that got below average on their ‘mental acuity’ score again?”
“Shut up!” Ezra barked, this time red up to his ears.
“Settle down, kids,” Kalon scolded gently. “You’re making our two new members uncomfortable.”
Ezra rolled his eyes but didn’t say anything. The girls shared a quick glance and hid their laughter behind his back. Haedrig, on the other hand, had grown more quiet and serious the closer we got to our destination.
“We’re almost there!” Riah said excitedly, pointing at the giant three-story arch with a golden white light shimmering at the center.
A wide terrace separated the busy plaza from the portal. Several other roads opened into the terrace, and a steady stream of ascenders moved through.
The terrace itself was ringed with white walls, each road entering under a copy-in-miniature of the portal arch. Banners bearing crests were displayed proudly, hung from the walls all around the terrace.
“The crests of the bloods who own homes in the Summit Estates,” Ada said, following my gaze.
Ascenders huddled in groups throughout the terrace. One group appeared to be praying, each of them sitting cross legged in a line facing the portal, their eyes closed, their lips moving silently. Another team was arguing about how to divide their accolades, their raised voices cutting across the noise of conversation and heavy, booted feet.
There were no lines; however, the massive size of the portal could accommodate any number of ascenders at a time.
“I wonder what sort of zone we’ll end up in!” Ada wondered out loud, her vivid green eyes lighting up in excitement as she gazed at the golden white portal.
Ezra stood stone-faced and resolute, almost, but not quite, looking the part of the stoic warrior about to embark upon an epic quest. The slight shaking of his hand on the shaft of his spear, and the way he kept having to rearrange his facial features, gave him away.
“Are you okay?” I asked Haedrig, who had been silent since we left the plaza.
He looked up, eyebrows raised and mouth partly open like he was surprised to find me standing next to him. “Yeah, I’m fine—” Haedrig’s voice cracked, causing him to stop and clear his throat. “I’m fine,” he repeated.
I nodded in response, but I could tell he was nervous about something. He had withdrawn his long, thin saber from his dimension ring and was constantly fidgeting with it as we approached the towering arch of stone and magic.
“Wait!” Kalon exclaimed abruptly. “I told mom that I’d take a picture of you three before we go on our ascent!”
Ezra let out a groan, but Riah linked her arm through his and pulled him over to Ada, who happily took Riah’s other arm. The three stood in front of the gate, the portal rippling softly behind them.
“Perfect!” Kalon shouted after taking several steps back. He crouched on the ground and clicked a switch on the large metal-and-glass artifact he was holding.
“Did you two want to join as well?” Kalon asked.
“Yeah! Join us!” Riah said, her eyes lighting up. “Grey can stand next to Ada!”
“It’s okay,” I said politely. “But I can take a picture of the four of you.”
“Can you?” Kalon handed me the artifact, which was the size of my head. “Just point this part at us, imbue some mana into the artifact, and toggle the switch!”
‘Well that backfired,’ Regis commented. ‘How are you going to make it work if you don’t have any mana?’
Before I could say anything, Kalon had already run off to strike an exaggerated pose next to his siblings and Riah, who laughed at his antics. Even Ezra wore an amused expression as he watched his brother.
“Do you need help?” Haedrig asked, walking toward me.
“I’ve...um...never really worked with one of these artifacts before,” I said. “Do you mind taking it?” I held the device out to him. “I don’t want to take a bad picture,” I finished lamely.
Haedrig looked at me for a moment but took the artifact from my hands.
“Ready?” he asked, pointing the artifact at the Granbehl blood and their friend.
“Ready!” they answered in unison. Ada and Riah struck cute poses while Ezra held his chin high and gripped his spear with both hands. Kalon settled on just crossing his arms and revealing a wide, confident smile.
It was a bittersweet feeling watching the happy family commemorate what seemed almost like a rite of passage for their blood.
“It’s a nice sight,” Haedrig said, staring off into the distance.
“The gate?” I asked.
He shook his head, a trace of sadness on his stoic face. “The family. You can tell that they’ve grown up being loved.”
“Yeah,” I agreed. “A bit loud, but they all seem like good people.”
“And Kalon Granbehl is a very capable ascender. He’s one of the rising stars among ascenders,” Haedrig said, his voice lowering to almost a whisper. “Let’s hope he’s strong enough to get us through this ascent, right Grey?”





Chapter 288
Chapter 288: Full Circle
“Ada of Blood Granbehl, Ezra of Blood Granbehl, Riah of Blood Faline, Grey, and”—the uniformed woman paused, glancing from the ascender card in her hand to Haedrig and back—“and Haedrig of—well—yes...Your identities have been verified,” she finished, smiling widely as she handed us back our cards. “Principal ascender Kalon of Blood Granbehl, the stipend will be automatically transferred to your runecard after the candidates have successfully received their official ascender’s badges post-preliminary ascent.”
“Aw, can’t I receive the stipend now? It’s not like there’s going to be any foul play; I’m guiding my siblings,” Kalon complained.
“There are no exceptions. Please understand that these rules are for the safety and well-being of all ascenders,” the thin, black-haired woman stated as if she had been asked this question countless times.
“Have there been situations where principal ascenders extorted candidates in the past or something?” I whispered to Haedrig as the two of us waited in the back.
“Worse. There are accounts of some principals taking candidates on their prelims after collecting the stipends only to kill the candidates and loot their bodies, then blaming their deaths on the Relictombs,” the green-haired ascender explained with an expression of distaste.
After our preliminary ascent had been recorded, our team headed to the center of the terrace, where the towering arch stood over us. Complex runes scored every inch of the massive edifice, making the teleportation gates I’d seen up until now look like toys in comparison.
The longer I stayed in the Relictombs, the more I found myself marveling at its beauty and complexity. The flying city of Xyrus was the marvel of Dicathen, but even it paled in comparison to this place.
Admittedly, the Alacryans were quite impressive as well. What they had managed to do with the first two floors of the Relictombs—creating a capital for ascenders to better prepare themselves for the unpredictable dangers lying ahead of them—was nothing less than remarkable.
The amount of resources and time invested into making sure ascenders were not only well-equipped and rewarded for ascending into the Relictombs, but also idolized by the citizens of Alacrya, spoke volumes of how much Agrona needed the ascenders.
Even these preliminary ascents had been devised to give candidates a safer experience within the Relictombs.
‘So why does Haedrig seem to be expecting trouble?” Regis asked, having read my thoughts.
I was wondering the same thing. What did he mean when he hoped Kalon was ‘strong enough to get us through this ascent’?
Everything I’d heard up until then had made it sound like the preliminary ascent was merely dipping your toes in the water, especially for those trained in academies.
‘Maybe he’s not as tough as he pretends to be?’
“Is everyone ready?” Kalon asked, stirring me from my internal deliberation with Regis. We stood just a few paces from the massive arch housing the white-gold portal.
“Shouldn’t we do a supply check?” Haedrig replied seriously.
“Is that necessary? Prelims usually don’t take longer than a day,” Riah responded impatiently, her body practically gravitating toward the humming gate, which she gazed at in wide-eyed anticipation.
“We should treat this as if it’s any other ascent,” Haedrig insisted, already taking stock of his own rations. “I have enough water for myself for a week and dried rations for two days.”
“Haedrig makes a good point. You can never be overprepared for the Relictombs,” Kalon chimed in, pulling a large leather waterskin and a bundle of dried meat wrapped in cloth from his dimension ring. “I have enough water for three days and dried rations for one day.”
The rest of the team pulled out their rations as well. Surprisingly, I had the most food and water, courtesy of Alaric. The old drunk had packed two weeks’ worth of water and air-sealed rations for three days.
‘The man may be a grumpy old drunk, but at least he really seems to have your best interest in mind,’ Regis said with a chuckle.
“All right, we’re packed more heavily than some of the deeper ascents I’ve gone on,” Kalon said, looking at Riah with an amused expression. “And Riah here seems to think she’s going on a picnic, with all of the sweets she’s brought.”
Riah flushed and let out a string of curses under her breath. “Whatever. I was going to share...”
“Sure, sure,” Kalon chuckled. “You all have your simulets, right?”
We each took out a polished, rune-inscribed amulet the size of my palm, which would bind our team together as we travelled through the teleportation gates.
Kalon nodded and turned to face the shimmering pane of golden-white light that would lead us into our first zone.
“Blood honor me, light guide me, Vritra protect me,” Kalon recited, followed by his siblings and Riah.
Haedrig and I looked at each other, neither participating in their ritual. I couldn’t be sure, but I almost thought I saw Haedrig roll his eyes. Not thinking much of it, we then stepped through the gate.
***
We entered into complete darkness. The air was dry and stale with a crisp breeze blowing from underneath us. Even with my augmented vision, I couldn’t tell if my eyes were open or closed.
“No one move,” Kalon said, his voice cutting through the dark in a hushed whisper.

I saw the soft glow of someone’s rune lighting up before a burst of sparks flashed in front of me, lighting up the area. Giant, gnarled faces glared at us from the darkness.
Riah, who was only a few steps ahead of me, raised her fan-shaped dagger and jumped back, nearly tumbling off the edge of the narrow raised path we were standing on. Haedrig’s hand darted out and caught her by the elbow, holding her firmly until she had her feet under her again.
Riah turned to look down over the edge, then the burst of sparks died, hiding the grotesque faces and their contorted, anguished expressions.
“Give me a second to modify my spell.” Kalon spoke softly as a rune on the exposed area of his lower back glowed once more.
This time an orange flare manifested from the ascender, brighter and more controlled than the sparks. It bathed the area in a warm light, revealing a huge chamber, or maybe a hallway. I could not make out the ceiling, or anything in front of or behind us. The narrow pathway where we had been deposited was about four feet wide and seemed to float amidst a sea of darkness.
Lining both walls were what looked like carvings of faces, vaguely humanoid, though grotesque and misshapen. This wasn’t for lack of apparent skill, though; so detailed were the expressions that it looked almost as if they were once alive, and had been petrified in their final moments of pain and rage.
‘Quite the morbid taste in decor,’ Regis said. ‘Look, you can just make out the screaming one’s tonsils—and you can see that one’s teeth through the tear in its cheek.’
I can see them, I thought, though they were so hideous I did not look closely.
“Don’t stay too close to the ledge,” Kalon ordered, no trace of leisure left in his voice. “Spread out an arm’s length apart from each other; Ezra, give yourself a bit more room for your spear.”
We spread out in a line, walking slowly and keeping to the center of the stone pathway. Haedrig and I walked at the rear while Kalon took the lead, lighting the way with his hand bathed in bright flames.
“I can’t tell how far this path goes, but it’s the only course I can see,” Kalon said.
“I can conjure some light as well,” Ada said, her eyes darting nervously between the faces peering down at us from the distant walls.
“Save your mana for now,” Kalon replied. “And don’t be so nervous, Ada. We’re going to be fine.”
“Don’t forget that you’ve prepared for this for years,” Ezra growled.
“Ezra’s right,” Riah said comfortingly, despite her uneasy expression. “This is just the first zone. Don’t be fazed by the distractions.”
“I just didn’t expect the Relictombs to be this scary,” Ada whispered.
“Are you okay?” I asked Haedrig, who had been surveying our surroundings silently, his stance low, his saber held firmly in hand.
“I’m fine,” he muttered, not meeting my eye.
The six of us walked in a line, heading deeper into the dark zone, our pace careful but steady. The lack of change in our surroundings—aside from the diverse array of creepy faces—made it impossible to judge how far we had walked.
In addition to staying watchful and keeping my feet on the path, I also had to acclimate to the high level of aether in this zone. I hadn’t felt much different in the first two floors, but stepping through the portal had been like opening another eye, and it was staring straight into the sun.
That was probably why I didn’t notice them sooner.
‘Arthur,’ Regis warned in a grave tone.
I sense them too.
I hesitated for a moment, worried it might be suspicious for me to warn the rest of the group if even Kalon hadn’t noticed anything yet. I was supposed to be a wet-behind-the-ears nobody on his first ascent, after all.
“I think there’s something coming from below,” I said finally, deciding it was better to warn them than risk them being taken unawares.
Kalon stopped in his tracks, leaning over the edge of the stone path with his blazing arm stretched out. After a minute, he did the same on the other side, then looked back at me.
“Are you sure? There’s nothing down there, and I haven’t sensed any other mana signatures,” he said, giving me a searching look before turning to Ada. “Send a homing flare down on one side.”
Ada spread her arms apart, and, as the rune on her back glowed, a swirling orb of fire the size of her head manifested. She pushed the fireball into the abyss as the rest of us peered warily down after it.
We watched the large ball of condensed fire descend. It didn’t drop like a stone or sail through the air like an arrow, but instead weaved through the air almost as if it was alive, turning and twisting wherever Ada sent it. In its path, the fireball lit up the smooth wall of the bridge we were standing on as well as the hideous statues on the far wall of the wide hallway.
Then, as suddenly as if a curtain had been wrenched away, dozens of humanoid faces appeared far below, their large glassy eyes reflecting the orange light.
A startled yelp rang at my side and the fireball dispersed, plunging whatever creatures were down there back in darkness.
“Run!” Kalon roared, pushing Ezra and Riah ahead of him. He scooped up his sister with one arm, raising his other hand, still blazing with light, high in the air to extend the light to its limit as he took off running down the path just behind them.
Aether coursed through my limbs as I ran, and I found that I was able to keep up with the others with relative ease.

However, despite our breakneck pace, there was no end in sight. Worse yet, we could now make out the nightmare sound of the creatures below, a sort of moaning, chittering noise that grew steadily louder.
“I still can’t see an end anywhere near!” Ezra shouted from the front, his deep voice quivering.

“Damn it! What the hell is going on,” Kalon cursed.
I looked back over my shoulder at Haedrig, stoically taking up the rear. He was surrounded by a dim white aura, and he ran with his hand on the leather-wrapped hilt of his sheathed saber. I almost turned back around, but the faintest glimmer caught my eye.
“Duck!” I shouted as I spun on my heels.
Haedrig dipped his head without hesitation, just barely enough to avoid a black blur that sailed past, right where his head had been.
“W-what was that?” Ada shrieked. She was still being carried by her eldest brother and had been able to see it the most clearly.
“Don’t stop!” Kalon urged.
We picked up our pace, the faces carved on the wall nothing but a blur now. However, I knew that it was only a matter of time before whatever aetheric creatures were lurking beneath us would catch up.
The distorted wail of the beasts, along with their chittering, grew to a deafening din before more shadows began rising up from the sea of darkness.
It was under Kalon’s illuminating spell that we finally saw the creatures we were up against, and they were something straight out of a nightmare. They had snakelike bodies the size and girth of a man, with two long arms ending in gleaming claws. Atop their long necks, each monster had a disfigured humanoid face, just like the statues. These, though, were alive with hatred and fury.
Kalon dropped Ada and drew his weapon for the first time. It was a spear, much like Ezra’s, except with a pitch black blade that seemed to blend in with our surroundings.
The ghoulish creatures tilted their heads as they climbed up onto the narrow path. Their boney jaws clacked repeatedly to create that eerie chitter, melding with the low moans.
Kalon’s spear flashed, decapitating three of the ghoulish serpents in a single swing.
“We need to keep moving!” he roared, slashing at another man-serpent and sending its chittering head falling into the abyss.
Ezra, taking the lead, followed his brother’s order, spinning his spear to knock away the serpentine ghouls rather than trying to kill them.
‘Should I come out now?’ Regis asked, brimming with anticipation as I struck a beast with my bare fist, absorbing some of its aetheric essence in the process.
Not yet. The others still seem to be in control for now.
Behind me, Haedrig moved through the ghouls like a dancer, felling one after the other with grace and precision.
Kalon, on the other hand, fought with the mechanical efficiency of a farmer cutting down wheat in a field. His spear cut wide arcs through the air, often shearing through multiple serpents at once and flinging others back off the bridge, easily making up for where his siblings fell short.
Ada, despite hanging over Kalon’s shoulder like a sack of grain, had summoned a circular saw of fire that was not only able to lacerate its enemies, but also grow larger with each foe it cut down.
Controlling this left her completely defenseless, however, as it clearly required all her concentration to maintain the spell. She held both hands out before her, making minute adjustments with her fingers to control the saw’s movements. With both Riah and Kalon by her side, though, she was defended as well as any of us from the attacking ghouls.
Still, more and more of the serpentine monsters flowed up from the darkness. They had begun to interlink with one another, creating chains of snake-like bodies down into the depths and allowing others to climb up with startling speed.
“We’re going to be run down if we keep going like this!” Riah shouted, trails of sweat lining her brows and cheeks as she blocked the sharp boney claws of one of the ghouls with the flat of her wide blade before hurtling it away with a gust of sharp wind.
“I’ll try to buy us some time!” Kalon shouted. “Ezra, focus on protecting Ada.”
Our line shifted as Ezra moved next to Ada, putting Riah at the front while Kalon went to the very back.
We ran, the three students leading the way. I took down a trio of ghouls, my aether-hardened fists smashing into their deformed faces, each contact allowing me to siphon more aether from their bodies as they collapsed in broken heaps or tumbled back off the path.
“Ada, now!” Kalon roared.
Another rune lit up on Ada’s back, and the whirling saw of jagged fire, which was now the size of a carriage, disassembled into dozens of thin ropes of fire that slithered in the air much like the ghoulish serpents we were fighting.
A spark of electricity erupted from the epicenter of Ada’s spell, using the writhing cords of fire as conduits for the tendrils of lightning. The chains of electrified fire dispersed, coiling around the ghouls closest to her, burning through them like a hot wire through candle wax and causing tendrils of lightning to leap from one to the next, creating a chain lightning effect that felled dozens of ghouls in an instant.
Ada slumped, her skin ghastly even under the warm light of fire.
“Good job!” Ezra said, breathing hard as he fended off another pair of ghouls with a swing of his crimson spear.

My eyes scanned our surroundings while my awoken aetheric senses picked up on all of the ghouls nearby.
“Riah, underneath you!” I yelled, spotting a boney claw about to grasp the short-haired striker’s ankle.
She tried to step back out of its reach, but a deafening explosion shook the stone path and Riah stumbled forward instead, right into the ghoul’s rigid claws.
With both Ezra and Ada in the way, my only option was to use God Step to reach her in time to save her.
But I hesitated.
I hesitated at the thought of exposing my aetheric abilities to these people.
In that moment of hesitation, Riah was dragged off her feet.
Despite myself, I turned back to see what the cause of the explosion was and saw that a large portion of the stone path had been blown to pieces by Kalon.
Haedrig was only a few paces behind me, completely occupied in fending off the droves of ghouls, which were practically piling on top of one another trying to reach him.
I jerked around at the sound of Riah’s panicked scream
“Ezra!” she cried in desperation as she clawed at the edge of the stone path, her fan-like blade spinning away into the abyss.
“Riah!” Ezra gasped, wide-eyed, unable to move past another pair of ghouls that were after his sister.
My mind spun in that instant. I could bypass Ezra and Ada by using God Step to reach Riah, but revealing that here and now would be too risky.
Instead, I utilized my imperfect, aether-version of Burst Step in order to close the short distance between myself and where Ezra and Ada were fighting.
Ada had resorted to using small bursts of lightning to temporarily stun the ghouls, even though it didn’t do any lasting damage, while Ezra focused on knocking them off the platform.
Grabbing the disfigured humanoid head of a ghoul trying desperately to bite down on Ada, I twisted, snapping its neck and causing it to slump.
Another blood-curdling scream pierced the air. Riah was clinging on with bloody fingers as more serpent ghouls climbed on top of her small body.
I pulled Ada behind me and met Ezra’s eyes. He didn’t waste time, rushing ahead to save Riah.
With the trail of ghouls behind us unable to cross over the large gap in the stone path, Kalon and Haedrig were free to dislodge the ones climbing up from the side before joining up with us, providing a moment’s respite.
While the rest of the ascenders were sweating profusely from the strain of constant battle, I had gained more energy than I had spent due to the limited amount of aether I was using.
“What happened, why did you guys stop?” Kalon asked, his breathing still steady despite how long we’d been fighting.
Before I could answer, Ada let out a sharp gasp, her face paling in horror. “Riah!”
Kalon’s eyes widened as his sister ran ahead. I turned around to see Ada pulling Riah off the ledge. Ezra had just killed the last of the ghouls that had nearly pulled the girl from the path.
Kalon rushed after them while Haedrig and I focused on killing any of the ghouls that managed to reach the path.
Even a quick glance showed me that Riah was in bad shape. Her right leg had been gnawed off at the ankle and deep gashes lined her back and her legs. Her face was twisted in pain, tears streaming down her cheeks as she clung desperately to Ada.
“We have to move,” I said, not even looking as I redirected a ghoul to slam into another ghoul, sending them both spiraling down and out of sight.
“Do you think she’s in any condition to move&gt;!” Ezra shot back.
“Grey is right. We can’t stay here,” Kalon cut in, turning to me. “Can you hold onto Riah? Haedrig, Ezra, and I will be responsible for keeping the two of you and Ada safe.”
I nodded, hastily scooping Riah up in my arms.
Riah’s entire body convulsed as she let out a pained scream, but the small ascender managed to wrap her arms around my neck.
“Let’s move! Ada, give us some light!” Kalon said fiercely while striking away a ghoul.
‘Are you sure you—well, they—don’t need my help?’ Regis asked, apparently bored by the situation.
Not yet, I quipped, beginning to run.
Haedrig and Kalon were a flurry of strikes and slashes as they focused entirely on protecting me and Ada, but with the growing numbers of serpentine ghouls, I had to resort to ducking and weaving past some of the ones that had managed to climb up the walls and get ahead of us.
We only made it a few more minutes up the path before Ezra suddenly skidded to a stop.
“No way,” he gasped. “That’s not possible.”
The rest of us caught up to him, and the fiery orbs shined ahead, revealing a large chasm in the path, blocking our way.
The same chasm that Kalon had made.





Chapter 289
Chapter 289: Familiar Faces
Despite the fast-approaching ghouls both behind and below us, we stared dumbly at the large chasm that Kalon had made, collectively unable to understand why it was in front of us.
“We—we were running in a circle the entire time?” Ada said, her voice quavering.
“That’s impossible!” Ezra panted after felling another ghoul with his spear. “We were running in—a straight line. I’m—sure of it!” I could hear the strain in his voice; he was starting to grow tired.
“Ezra’s right. There’s no curve in the bridge.” Kalon spun his weapon and swept the heads off two ghouls that were trying to reach me. He, at least, seemed to have retained his strength so far.
The idea of a straight path looping in circles seemed impossible, yet was completely plausible if one took into account the edicts of aether. I couldn’t help but wonder if the Relictombs had brought us to this zone because of me.
I looked down to see that Riah had lost consciousness in my arms. Perhaps it was for the better; Ada had coated her wounds with a thick paste that had stopped the bleeding, but her strained expression said it did nothing for her pain.
“What do we”—Haedrig unleashed a flurry of slashes at a trio of ghouls that had managed to reach the path—“do now?”
‘Still think they’re in control?’ Regis chimed in snidely.
Fine. Come out, but remember not to talk.
Regis’s large wolven form leapt out of my back, startling our team and drawing their attention away from the ghouls around us.
Kalon instinctively tried attacking Regis, and while I was curious what would happen if he struck my companion, I intervened.
“Stop! It’s my spell,” I snapped, immediately halting Kalon’s spear before turning to Regis. “Go scout ahead and see if you can spot anything.”
‘Roger,’ my companion sent back before leaping across the chasm. He was nearly out of sight before a realization dawned on me.
Since when have you been able to communicate telepathically when you’re not inside me?
There was a momentary pause, then I heard Regis’s voice in my head again. ‘Not sure. My guess is, I’m either getting stronger, or the ambient aether density in this zone is allowing us to. Or we might just be getting more...connected.’
I groaned. Can you not say it in such a gross tone?
Turning my attention back to the battle, I realized that Ezra, Ada, and Kalon were looking at me with shocked expressions. Haedrig was the only one who didn’t seem fazed; if he was surprised by Regis’s sudden appearance, he hid it extremely well.
Fortunately, the group’s attention was forced back onto the growing horde of ghouls surrounding us. We abandoned our line formation, tightening into a close knot around Riah and Ada and inching closer to the chasm.
“What’s the plan?” Kalon shouted, glancing at me.
“We wait,” I said as my foot connected with a ghoul’s sternum, sending it flying back down into the abyss. “I want to make sure that this place really is looping.”
We held our position, restricting our mana consumption as best we could out of fear that our war against the nightmarish ghouls would last for hours more. Considering that I was surrounded by people I felt responsible to protect, and that I couldn’t even reveal my own strength as I did so, there was little else I could do.
‘Good news! Well, I guess it’s bad news, but I see you all ahead of me now,’ Regis thought to me.
I cursed under my breath.
So that confirms it.
‘Did you want me to help fight? I took down about a dozen or so of these bastards already.’
No. I don’t think we’re going to get out of here by just killing more of these beasts, I sent back. I want you to go around and carefully scan the walls.
I could feel a wave of curiosity coming from Regis. ‘You mean the gross faces?’
Yeah. Something about them has been bothering me. Just let me know if you find something out of the ordinary.
‘Out of the ordinary from gross stone faces...got it,’ Regis responded, turning to race away from us once more.
A stifled groan pulled my attention behind me.
“Ezra!” Kalon roared. His form flashed, appearing next to his brother and decapitating the ghoul that had wedged its claws through a slit below Ezra’s pauldron.
With Ezra unable to freely move his left arm due to his injury, he became a crack in our defence. It wasn’t long before a ghoul was able to slip past his weak side, forcing me to throw myself into its path to save Riah. The creature’s putrid claws carved a series of deep gashes into my hip and thigh.
A pained grunt escaped from my throat as I drove my open hand straight through the ghoul’s throat. It spit out a mouthful of blood and collapsed before Ezra could turn to drive his spear into its back.
The boy’s face was pale and wet with sweat, but after that he redoubled his efforts, refusing to let another ghoul through.
Have you found anything? I asked Regis.
‘Just a lot more hideous faces. There aren’t any patterns I can see either.’
Keep looking, I sent, pulling a ghoul off of Ezra and shoving it to the ground so he could finish it.
“What are we still doing here? We have to get moving!” Kalon shouted, his relaxed demeanor completely gone.
“And go where?” I asked. “I’ve already confirmed that this zone is looping back on itself, taking us in circles. I sent my summon to check for any anomalies on the walls.”
“Can you share senses with your summon?” Haedrig asked, redirecting a ghoul’s tackle and causing it to fall back down into the dark.
“Kind of?” I hesitated. “It has a limited amount of sentience.”
‘Hey!’
Ignoring my companion, I turned to Ada, who had been helping out where she could, standing over Riah at the center of our circle. To conserve mana, she had resorted to firing small bolts of fire and lightning at the ghouls climbing up from the sides, but even that had been a huge help in keeping them at bay. I could tell she was at the end of her power, however. “Focus on replenishing your mana reserves.”
“But there’s too many of them!” Ada stammered, wiping away the beads of sweat rolling down her face. “I-I should be helping...”
I sat her down with a slight push and gave her the closest thing to a smile I could muster. “I’ll keep you safe.”
After a moment of hesitation, Ada nodded in determination before closing her eyes.
“Haedrig. Do you have an extra sword?” I asked, turning toward the green-haired ascender.
Without a word, Haedrig withdrew a thin shortsword from his dimension ring and tossed it to me.
Grasping the handle and pulling the sword out of its sheath, I was suddenly overcome with a sense of calmness. It was a silly thing what a weapon could do, but after fighting so long with Dawn’s Ballad in my hand, I realized how much I had missed the sensation of wielding a sword.
I let out a sharp breath as I imbued aether into the sword; a fine crack appeared in the blade, leaking a subtle purple light that only I could see, and I knew it wouldn’t hold up long. Still, though the sword was simple and obviously just a spare weapon, it was perfectly balanced with a good weight on my hand.
It would do.
The world around me seemed to slow and the sounds distracting me became indistinct. My first strike seemed to confuse even the ghoul, who didn’t know what happened until it slumped and fell off the bridge.
The next series of slashes killed any and every ghoul within my reach. The sword in my hand travelled in a flurry of narrow arcs that shimmered, catching the reflection of Kalon’s fire-clad spear.
My eyes constantly scanned our surroundings, making sure none of the ghouls managed to slip by. I hoped to see some sign that the onslaught was beginning to slow, but it seemed that, if anything, the ghouls became even more desperate the more of them we killed.
Kalon and Ezra’s side had it the worst, since the chasm in the bridge allowed the ghouls to climb up more easily. With Ezra injured, Kalon had to keep the ghouls from getting past him and protect Ezra.
Haedrig’s movements, on the other hand, hadn’t slowed down at all, even as pools of both sweat and blood had formed beneath his feet.

I was confident that we could hold on for a while longer, but it would all be meaningless unless we found a way out of here.
A blinding flash lit up the hall, followed by a torrent of voltaic streams that obliterated the horde of ghouls that had managed to climb up from the chasm.
I was gazing around to admire the pure destructiveness of Kalon’s spell when Regis contacted me again.
‘Uh... Arthur?’ he said, his confusion clear in my mind. ‘You should come see this.’
“Let’s move!” I yelled out immediately. “Ezra, can you hold Riah?”
The younger spearman’s brows furrowed in annoyance. “What? I should help guard—”
“Ezra!” Kalon snarled, cutting his brother off. “Carry Riah.”
Following Kalon’s order without hesitation, Ezra put away his spear and picked up our unconscious teammate.
Leading the way, I cleared the path of ghouls while Kalon remained in the back of the line as our rear guard.
What did you find? I asked Regis.
‘Something even more disturbing than the deformed stone faces,’ he answered cryptically.
“Did your summon find something?” Haedrig asked from behind me.
“Yes, though I’m not sure what yet. Keep moving!”
With me clearing the way, Kalon defending the rear, and Haedrig darting from side to side casting down any monstrous serpents that climbed up the sides of the bridge, we ran as fast as Ezra could move. He was wounded and carrying Riah, so it wasn’t as fast as I would have liked, but within minutes Regis’s shadowy form materialized ahead of us.
Several ghoulish corpses littered the path around him, with more climbing over the edges every moment.
“What is it?” I asked, letting my battle instincts run my body, cutting down the ghouls attempting to swarm Regis while I focused on scanning the distant faces around us.
Pointing with his muzzle, Regis directed my gaze to one statue in particular. From this distance, it took my eyes a moment to focus through the gloom and the dancing shadows, but when I realized what it was, I froze solid, forgetting for a moment that we were fighting for our lives.
Razor sharp claws raked across my shoulder and back, tearing into my flesh and scraping bone. Flipping the short sword in my hand, I thrust backwards and up, stabbing my attacker through its chest. I turned and kicked it, pushing aether into my leg. The blow sent the ghoul flying into three others, all of which tumbled off the bridge.
Haedrig gasped, his eyes wide as he stared at the gaping wound on my back. “Grey!”
“It’s fine.” I gritted through the pain, telling myself it would heal quickly, and turned instead back to the statue.
My own face looked back at me from the wall.
The statue had been carved as if in the midst of a fierce battle cry: the mouth was open wide, teeth bared, and even the tongue visibly carved as if in motion; the brows were turned down, angry and aggressive; the eyes were alive with fury, glaring out at the rest of the zone as if this giant Arthur was about to smash the place to dust.
That had to be it. Why would my face be carved into the wall otherwise?
Looking at the battered sword in my hand, crumbling from the burden of aether flowing through it, I tossed it out into the empty space between the wall and the bridge. It tumbled down into the dark and disappeared.
“Hey!” Haedrig grunted from a few feet away, where he was holding off four ghouls that were clinging relentlessly to the edge of the path.
“I was hoping for some sort of invisible bridge,” I admitted, shrugging apologetically.
‘You think that’s the exit?’ Regis asked mentally, his jaws busy tearing at the throat of a ghoul.
I think it might be, yeah. I think we’re here because of me, because the Relictombs knows I can use aether and is trying to test me somehow. That’s why this zone has been so hard for the others. I need to use aether somehow so we can escape, I’m sure of it. I just need to think...
‘Well think fast, or there will be a few less of us to leave once you do figure it out.’
Ezra grunted as one of the fallen serpent-ghouls, which was missing much of its lower half, grabbed at his heel and tripped him. Riah fell next to him and jolted awake with a scream of pain. The monster clawed toward her, pulling its slithering torso across the ground with its long arms.
From his back, Ezra spun his spear around and tried to drive it into the ghoul’s neck, but he didn’t have the angle or momentum, and he merely nicked its arm instead. Strong claws wrapped around the shaft and ripped the spear from his hand.
Riah tried to scramble backwards away from it, but in doing so slammed the stump of her leg against the stone path. Her entire body went rigid as she screamed again, and it looked as if her strength had left her.
Kalon was nearly overwhelmed at the rear, unable to disengage.
Haedrig had his back turned to the pair, and though he must have heard the screams, he couldn’t see the half-dead monster crawling toward Riah.
Ada was backpedaling away from two other ghouls, flashes of electricity jumping from her hands to their snakelike bodies, but she no longer had the strength to generate spells strong enough to kill.
Regis whimpered behind me as three ghouls fell atop him, their claws ripping and tearing at his neck, ears, and belly.
They’re all going to die, I realized with grim certainty. They aren’t strong enough to be here, and even with God Step I can’t—
It was like a jolt of electricity went through my mind. God Step! I couldn’t walk through thin air with Burst Step, but God Step would take me directly into the statue’s gaping maw.
I hesitated. If I’m wrong—
‘What the hell do you have these powers for if you’re not going to use them?’ Regis growled in my head, his voice thick with frustration and pain.
Choosing not to look behind me again, hoping against hope that I wasn’t about to leave Haedrig, Riah, and the Granbehl siblings to a gruesome death, I tuned out everything. I pushed away the pain wracking my body from both the injuries that I had sustained and the rapid healing of those injuries. I bottled my emotions of doubt, anger, guilt, and frustration, and I concentrated on the way forward.
I let my eyes unfocus, seeing the aether all around me. I found the immaterial path within the realm of spatium, the vibration to which I could attune, that would let me stop being where I was and start being where I needed to go.
Though I couldn’t see it, I felt the God Rune flare with warmth, glowing through the false-spellforms on my back. The aether reacted, the vibration intensifying, and I felt the path beckon me.
I followed it. Though my eyes told me I was standing in a different location and my ears detected the sudden muffling of the sounds of combat, the movement was otherwise so instantaneous that even my own senses didn’t feel it as a physical action of my body.
I was standing atop the stone tongue within the giant carving of my own face. The inside of the mouth was recreated with excruciating detail except, where the back of the throat should have been, there was a stone door.
For a single breath, nothing happened. In my mind’s eye, I watched as Haedrig was pulled from the edge of the bridge and cast down into the depths; as Riah, paralyzed by pain, was mauled by the crawling ghoul; as Ada was run down by the pursuing monsters...
Then a grinding noise like an avalanche roared through the zone, so overwhelmingly loud that it shook all thought from my mind. I felt as though the entire chamber—every piece of stone, every molecule of air—was about to be torn apart. Then the stone beneath my feet began to move.
Turning, I saw that the bridge, where my companions had only an instant ago been fighting for their very lives, was drawing slowly nearer. It was with a wave of relief that I realized they were no longer surrounded by the awful, snakelike ghouls.
Kalon and Haedrig both still had their weapons held at the ready, their heads turning back and forth as if scanning the bridge for enemies. Ada was kneeling down next to Riah and Ezra. Regis stood at the edge of the path, staring down into the abyss.
‘They just vanished!’ Regis practically screamed. ‘One second they were all creepy faces and nasty claws, then they just turned to shadow and—poof.’
The others turned to watch as my face approached the footbridge. The walls slowed, then halted, leaving no gap between the statue’s gaping mouth and the path.
I stepped over the statue’s teeth and back onto the bridge, now a narrow path between two high walls of faces. The statues carved on the wall, I noted, didn’t look grotesque and misshapen from up close. They were kind, regal faces, and I was reminded immediately of the djinn I battled before I was given the keystone.
“Is everyone alright?”
“Ezra’s a little beat up,” Kalon said, eyeing me warily, “and Riah really needs medical attention. But she’ll survive. At least it’s over.”
Ada looked up at me from where she kneeled next to Riah. “What happened?”
I wasn’t sure exactly what to tell her. My hesitation must have shown, because Haedrig stepped in to interrupt my response.
“Any sort of explanations can happen once we’re out of this hellish zone.” He nodded toward Riah. “Let’s get her up off the cold stone.” Haedrig caught my eye as he turned to look back into the statue’s mouth. From this angle, it was no longer recognizable as my own face towering over us. “Is there a portal in there?”
I nodded. “There is a door, yeah.”
“Lead the way then.”

I gestured to Regis, and the shadow wolf loped up to me and leapt into my body. The gaping jaw was perfectly placed against the path, making an easy step down and into the mouth. Kalon and Ezra lifted Riah and followed behind me.
The stone door opened easily to my touch, revealing an opaque portal. None of us said a word to each other, but we didn’t have to. Expressions of relief were written clearly on the faces of Kalon, Ezra, Ada, and even Haedrig.
‘Well, that could have been worse.’ Even Regis sounded like he just wanted some rest.

Our team’s gaze fell on me expectantly, and, after a nod, I stepped through.
Chapter 290: The Mirror Room
My mind reeled in confusion as I stepped through the portal and into the next zone. A figure lunged from my left and I jerked my hands up to deflect the blow, but nothing happened. Movement from the corner of my eye caused me to turn sharply, expecting a flanking attack, but no attack came from that direction either.
‘Jumping at shadows now, eh Princess?’ Regis chuckled in my mind. ‘Look.’
“Who—who are they?”
All around, people looked back at me through rectangular windows, each wearing a look of anguish, their faces wet with tears, twisted with rage, or contorted into soundless screams. Some sat still, though most were in the midst of manic fits, gesticulating wildly, striking and scratching at themselves or the ground, like wards in an asylum.
Before I could investigate further, Kalon and Ezra were stumbling into me, Riah between them.
“What the hell?” Ezra said, flinching back from me and from the figures within the windows.
At the center of the room there was a square fountain, six feet to a side and surrounded by benches. “There,” I said, pointing to a bench. “Set her down there.”
The brothers carried their family friend across the room, a steady stream of her blood running from the severed wreckage of her foot, spattering darkly across the marble floor.
Ada came next, her steps halting, her eyes glassy. “Is—is this the sanctuary?” She gazed at one of the nearby figures, her brows knitting in confusion. She actually leaned toward it and squinted to try and focus on it, as if she didn’t quite believe her own eyes.
The figure, a very portly man who wore only linen pants, a pair of steel boots, and spiked gauntlets, didn’t look back, but kneeled on all fours, hammering one massive gauntlet into the ground again and again and again.
Haedrig, the last in, set a hand gently on her shoulder and guided her past me, toward the fountain at the center of the room. “No, this isn’t a sanctuary room,” he said, his voice low and ominous.
Kalon was wrapping Riah’s stub with bandages from his dimension ring while Ezra looked on, helplessly fidgeting with his spear. He snapped around when Haedrig spoke.
“What do you mean this isn’t the sanctuary room? It”—he glanced around and flinched again, as if seeing the room for the first time—“has to be...”
Haedrig guided Ada to the benches and encouraged her to sit down before turning back to Ezra. “It clearly isn’t, and after that first zone you’d have to be a fool to think that we’d end up anywhere so expected as a sanctuary room.”
Ezra glared petulantly at Haedrig, but the mossy-haired veteran seemed entirely unconcerned. They held one another’s eyes for a long moment before Ezra huffed and turned away, this time looking to his sister.
I turned my attention back to the room. It was only about fifteen feet wide and eight feet tall, making it feel very low and claustrophobic after the enormity of the last zone.
Though the area near the fountain was brightly lit by orbs of light that hung down over the running water, the room faded into shadow beyond the light’s edge, making it difficult to tell how long the room was. The light reflecting off the many windows showing us the tortured figures made it feel as though the room stretched on forever.
‘Not windows,’ Regis thought, ‘mirrors. Look.’
Regis was right. As I approached the nearest mirror, I could see the room reflected within it, though, of course, the man in the mirror was not me, nor did he exist outside of that reflection. He was an older man with a thick gray beard. He sat cross legged, staring unblinkingly back out at me, his lips moving ceaselessly.
I leaned forward, cocking my head so my ear was nearly pressed against the mirror, and I realized I could hear the faint whisper of a voice, though I could not make out the words.
“Well,” Kalon said, drawing my attention back to the others, “Riah is sleeping. She’s lost a lot of blood, but that poultice you gave her saved her life, Ada. If we can get out of here quick enough, she’ll be okay.”
Kalon stepped up to a mirror near the fountain. The man within it wore a helm topped by sharp, onyx-black horns like scimitars, giving him the appearance of a Vritra. He stood with his arms crossed and a haughty sneer smeared across his face. Based on his armor—black leather and blackened steel plates with jet runes inlaid throughout—he was an ascender, and a wealthy one at that.
“They’re all ascenders,” Haedrig said, as if he’d read my mind.
“Look at the design and material of their clothes and armor,” Kalon pointed out. “Especially the horns. It’s been out of favor to wear horned helms for, what, several decades? They’ve been trapped here for quite awhile, haven’t they?”
No one answered, though a collective chill ran through the group as we all considered being trapped in this room for eternity.
“Why in Vritra’s name are we here?” Ezra said, moving to stand by Kalon. “This is a prelim. It’s supposed to be over!” The broad-shouldered young man turned toward me. “You! I don’t know how, but this is your fault, isn’t it?!”
“Enough,” Kalon said quietly. “Whyever we’re here, it’s just another test. This is a puzzle zone. We need to start looking for clues that’ll help us solve the room and move on.”
Ada’s discouraged expression disappeared as she got up to her feet, forcing a smile for us to see. “That’s right! We can do this! For—” Ada glanced at the sleeping Riah, her bandages already spotted through with blood. “For Riah!”
The first-time ascender’s bravery seemed to douse Ezra’s hot head, and he gave his sister a side-hug, wincing as he did so.
“What about you?” I asked him. “How badly were you hurt?”
“It’s nothing,” he said, his chin up, his gaze haughty. “I’ll be fine.”
Shaking my head, I turned away and began examining the mirrors, one by one, for any hint or clue about how to proceed.
Kalon stepped up beside me. “That was an impressive spell you used to teleport back there.”
“Thanks,” I said simply.
“I’ll admit, I wasn’t the best student at academy,” Kalon went on, “and I was particularly bad at ancient runes—I just never really understood the point, you know? I always knew I was going to be an ascender, and ascenders don’t fight each other.”
I turned to Kalon, meeting his eye. “What are you getting at?”
He raised his hands and smiled warmly, but I could see the tension in the way he held himself and the way his smile didn’t quite reach his eyes. “Just making conversation, Grey—and, thinking about that spell. I’ve never seen anything like it. We studied all kinds of runes at the academy—making it more difficult increases the prestige, I guess.
“I was curious”—he paused, glancing up the hall toward his brother and sister—“if I could see your...What is it you have? An emblem? It seems too powerful for a crest.” When I didn’t immediately answer, Kalon broke into a surprised grin. “It’s not a regalia, surely? Is that why you don’t have your runes displayed? Who are you?”
“Listen,” I said, “there’ll be plenty of time for war stories when we’re out of here, okay? For now, let’s just figure out this puzzle room.”
Kalon shook his head and patted me on the shoulder. “I’ll figure you out yet, Grey.” He turned to walk up the hall, following his siblings, then stopped. “Oh, and sorry about Ezra. Don’t mind him, he’s just protective of the girls.”
‘And an imbecile,’ Regis said in my mind.
I smiled and turned back to the mirrors, focusing again on the task at hand.
‘Guesses here?’ Regis asked after we’d looked over a dozen or more of the reflections. ‘What are we looking for, Arthur?’
If everyone here is an ascender, then they’ve presumably been trapped somehow. Maybe by touching the mirrors?
‘Okay, so don’t touch the mirrors, check. But how do we get out of here?’
I stopped when one of the figures we passed by waved wildly with both arms, clearly trying to get my attention. He was a bearded man who also had a horned helm with locks of wavy brown hair that flowed down past his chin. His eyes were deeply sunken and ringed with shadows, but he perked up when I stopped.
They can see us, I thought, realization washing over me.
The trapped ascender pressed his hand to the inside of the mirror, gesturing for me to do the same. When I didn’t immediately respond, he grinned and nodded, then gestured again more urgently.
‘It’s a trap, you know it is. What if you get sucked in after touching that mirror? What if he gets loose and tries to kill everyone else?’
“Can you hear me?” I asked out loud, pointing at the mirror. The man shook his head and gestured again at his hand pressed against the inside of the pane. I shook my head back.
The man’s face fell, and when he looked back up there was such a pure and malevolent hatred in his eyes that I took a step back from the mirror. He began shouting, even going as far as taking off his helmet and using it as a pickaxe to try and break his way out.
‘Sheesh...someone woke up on the wrong side of the mirror,’ Regis said, laughing at his own joke.

Ignoring Regis, I moved on from the enraged ascender.
After a few more minutes of fruitlessly examining the mirrors, now conscious that the inhabitants were watching me as closely as I was them, Ada called out.
“It’s...it’s me!” Ada said, her voice carrying down the hall, which seemed to be much longer than it had at first appeared. Ada was standing in front of a mirror perhaps twenty feet away, and from where I stood I could just see the figure within.
The mirror-Ada waved and smiled warmly, a gesture the real Ada immediately returned. Then, moving identically so it was almost as if one was genuinely a reflection of the other, both raised their hands and made as if to press them against the glassy pane.
“Ada,” I shouted, “stop! Don’t touch the—” Ada’s right hand pressed against the mirror, as did the reflection’s, and purple energy—aetheric essence—rose like steam from Ada’s skin, then moved like wind-blown mist along her body until it was absorbed into the mirror.
Using God Step, I was at her side in an instant, but even that was too late. Her body slumped into my arms, and I watched in horror as blackish-purple energy from the mirror oozed across her and was absorbed into her skin.
Weariness settled over me like a warm blanket. Using God Step twice in such a short time had apparently taken a toll on me. I would have to grow much stronger before I could use aether in such a way more consistently. In the meantime, at least I could use Burst Step now without tearing my body apart.
Heavy footsteps from behind me announced Kalon and Ezra’s approach. I glanced from the unconscious Ada in my arms to the mirror, and my stomach lurched. Ada—the real Ada—seemed to be banging on the inside of the mirror with her fist, practically blind with panic and the tears that streamed down her face and dripped from her chin.
Even though I couldn’t hear her, her words were clear. “Please,” she said. “Please.”
“What happened?” Ezra snapped, leaning down over his sister’s prone form and placing his hand on hers. “Ada? Ada!”
As I opened my mouth to explain, Ada’s eyes fluttered open, causing us all to recoil in surprise; they were a deep, dark, glowing violet.
Kalon looked from the purple-eyed Ada to the mirror where the crying, frantic Ada was still screaming, “Please, please!” The eldest sibling’s eyes were bloodshot as he tried to muster every ounce of composure he had left, his hand reaching closer toward the mirror.
“Stop!” I released a pulse of aetheric intent, causing everyone—Haedrig had joined us only a moment before—to freeze in place. “Touching the mirror is what caused this. I think...” I paused, carefully considering how best to explain what I saw. “I think that Ada was drawn into the mirror, and that something came out of the mirror to inhabit her body.”
Ezra, seizing on this thought, grabbed Ada’s hand and pulled her toward the mirror. “Then we just make them switch back!”
I reached for Ezra’s arm, but Kalon stopped me. “Let him try.”
Before I could argue, Ezra—over the terrified objections of the purple-eyed Ada—had pressed her hand against the glass. On the other side, our Ada mirrored the gesture.
Nothing happened.
“Please,” Ada said, “Let go of me, Ezra. You’re hurting me.” A single large tear welled up within those otherworldly eyes. “Please.”
Ezra let go and stepped away, grimacing. He looked from Ada to Kalon and back, anguish written across his face. In the mirror, the image of Ada had fallen onto her knees, her hands over her face, her entire body wracked by sobs.
“How do we know,” Kalon said, speaking deliberately as tears welled up in his eyes, “that the Ada in the mirror is the real Ada? What if it’s some kind of trick—or trap?”
“The glowing purple eyes didn’t give it away?” I asked, unable to keep the annoyance out of my voice. Kalon didn’t respond, but Ezra stepped toward me aggressively, his fists clenched and his eyes full of dark fire.
I whipped my head around and met his gaze, a near-palpable intent leaking out of me. “Don’t do anything you’re going to regret, kid.”
Ezra halted and gnashed his teeth, his fists still raised in wary defiance.
“This isn’t the time to be fighting amongst ourselves,” I added gently, letting out a sigh.
Ezra held my eyes for a long moment, breathing hard. Then he turned suddenly and pressed his hand to the glass of Ada’s mirror prison.
Though I couldn’t sense any change, it was clear that something was happening to Ezra. His entire body tensed, and, when he turned back to look at Kalon, his face was pale and his eyes shined with tears.
“Ezra!” Kalon gasped.
“I can hear her,” Ezra said, his voice choked with emotion. “When I touch the mirror, I can hear Ada. She sounds so scared...”
Following his brother’s lead, Kalon pressed his palm against the mirror’s surface. Immediately Kalon’s expression darkened. He didn’t have to say anything for me to know that he, too, could hear her cries.
Wanting to give the brothers a moment of privacy while they shared their sister’s suffering, I turned to Haedrig, but he was nowhere to be seen. I looked toward the fountain, where Riah lay sleeping, but he wasn’t there. Neither could I see him in the dim light at the edges of the room.
A jolt of fear ran through me, and I began searching the nearby mirrors for any sign of him.
I passed a wispy haired young woman who lay naked on the floor, rolling back and forth with her hands stretched out over her head like a child playing in the grass; a figure in bulky armor whose face had been tattooed until only the shocking blue eyes were untouched; and a man who wore robes like a monk, but who had the mindless, murderous look of a mana beast.
Haedrig wasn’t there.
I glanced back at the others; Kalon and Ezra each still had one hand pressed against Ada’s mirror and the other set upon each other’s shoulder. In the mirror, Ada pressed her hands to theirs.
The purple-eyed Ada was crawling unnoticed away from them, toward the fountain next to which Riah slept. There was something alien and malevolent in the way Ada moved, and her glowing eyes narrowed into a glare as she caught me watching her. I stepped toward her, but stopped when the sound of shattered glass filled the room.
“Haedrig?” I called into the darkness, the creature masquerading as Ada momentarily forgotten.
“Fine, I’m fine,” Haedrig said, walking toward me out of the gloom, his sword drawn.
Instinctively, I drew the white dagger I’d claimed from the lair of the giant millipede. Haedrig’s eyes seemed almost drawn to the weapon as his gaze fixated on the white blade. With a start, he seemed to realize that his own blade was out, and he immediately sheathed it within his dimension ring.
“I’m sorry if I startled you, Grey,” he said, his voice steady, his hands out to his sides to show that he was not armed. “I found my own image in a mirror farther down the hall, and—well, it may have been a bit reckless, but—I was taken by an instinct, and I smashed it.”
‘Oh, yeah, great idea, let’s just smash up the cursed mirror-prisons, I’m sure nothing bad will happen,’ Regis grumbled.
“That was—” I wasn’t sure whether to praise Haedrig for his bravery or admonish him for his thoughtlessness, but I was saved the trouble of finishing my sentence when Haedrig’s eyes went wide and he yelled, “Ada!”
Turning, already sure what I would see, I prepared to Burst Step to the fountain, where I knew I would find the false-Ada hunkered over Riah’s unconscious form.
You fool, Arthur! I chided myself. I shouldn’t have taken my eyes off her.
I activated Burst Step, intending to move almost instantly to the edge of the fountain, then leap the remaining distance and tackle Ada. Unfortunately, Kalon moved as well, darting toward Ada and stepping directly into my path.
I struck the eldest Granbehl sibling shoulder-to-shoulder, causing him to tumble head over heels through the air. Unable to maintain my footing or my trajectory, I found myself veering headlong directly toward one of the mirrors with no way to stop my momentum.
Twisting, I slammed through the mirror shoulder first, finding myself suddenly outside of the hall of mirrors. For a sickening moment, I saw empty blackness stretch out below me, but I was able to grab onto the frame of the mirror despite the jagged edges of the remaining glass biting into my fingers.
‘Don’t look down,’ Regis urged.
I looked down.
Blackness. Infinite blackness.
The only thing to break up the nothingness was the bright rectangle that looked into the mirror room, a window floating in the abyss. I was dangling from the frame, blood beginning to seep down my hands and forearms from the cuts on my fingers.
I tried to pull myself up and back through the mirror, but a cold lethargy was seeping through my muscles. My mind was foggy, my limbs weak and unresponsive. I couldn’t focus...
‘Arthur!’ Regis yelled in my head, his voice cutting through the mist like the beam of a lighthouse. I heaved, feeling the glass scrape the bones of my fingers, but I was able to get one elbow over the lip of the mirror.
Then Haedrig appeared above me, and he was hauling me up by my cloak, half choking me in the process. My strength came roaring back as soon as I was back on the right side of the mirror, and I tore free of his grasp the moment I had my feet under me, sprinting toward Ezra and Ada, who were scuffling over Riah’s prone form.
Ezra had wrapped both his arms around Ada’s body, pinning her own arms to her sides, but she was twisting and jerking wildly within his grip. She threw her head back, smashing her brother’s nose and almost slipping free.
I tackled them, knocking both Granbehl siblings to the ground, then helped Ezra to pin Ada. Her purple eyes blazed with light and fury and she kicked, scratched, and bit at us. When she couldn’t hurt us, she began slamming her head onto the ground with a hollow thud.
Kalon appeared, throwing himself onto the pile and helping to hold her still and keep her from hurting herself. “Ada, stop! Please...” His voice cracked as he pleaded with the creature controlling Ada’s body.
Regis, I need you to go in there and see what is inhabiting her body. I wasn’t sure it would even work, but I thought that if Regis could go into Sylvie’s stone, perhaps he could inhabit Ada’s body as well.
‘Gross. You want me to go into someone else’s body? What if—’ I could sense the revulsion leaking out from Regis, but there wasn’t time to argue.
Just do it. Now!
The shadow wolf leapt from my body, paced once around our roiling pile, then hesitantly dissolved into Ada. At first, nothing happened. Then the struggling lessened, and Ada went limp, though her eyes still blazed with violet light.
Kalon, Ezra, and I held our positions, waiting to see if Ada would resume struggling. My eyes darted around the room, taking in the scene. The figures in the mirrors all around us had stopped their wild gesticulations; every single one now stood still, their eyes locked onto the four of us lying on the floor in a heap. The broken mirror now looked out onto black nothingness, like an empty eye socket.
Haedrig stood over us, though he wasn’t looking toward our group. His gaze was turned toward the bench where Riah lay, quiet and motionless. The bandage on her leg had been partially unwrapped, revealing the gory, gnawed stump beneath. Blood no longer flowed from the wound.
Riah’s face was pale, locked in an expression of fear and agony. Though her glassy eyes still stared up at the low ceiling, I knew they no longer saw.
Riah was dead.





Chapter 290
Chapter 290: The Mirror Room
My mind reeled in confusion as I stepped through the portal and into the next zone. A figure lunged from my left and I jerked my hands up to deflect the blow, but nothing happened. Movement from the corner of my eye caused me to turn sharply, expecting a flanking attack, but no attack came from that direction either.
‘Jumping at shadows now, eh Princess?’ Regis chuckled in my mind. ‘Look.’
“Who—who are they?”
All around, people looked back at me through rectangular windows, each wearing a look of anguish, their faces wet with tears, twisted with rage, or contorted into soundless screams. Some sat still, though most were in the midst of manic fits, gesticulating wildly, striking and scratching at themselves or the ground, like wards in an asylum.
Before I could investigate further, Kalon and Ezra were stumbling into me, Riah between them.
“What the hell?” Ezra said, flinching back from me and from the figures within the windows.
At the center of the room there was a square fountain, six feet to a side and surrounded by benches. “There,” I said, pointing to a bench. “Set her down there.”
The brothers carried their family friend across the room, a steady stream of her blood running from the severed wreckage of her foot, spattering darkly across the marble floor.
Ada came next, her steps halting, her eyes glassy. “Is—is this the sanctuary?” She gazed at one of the nearby figures, her brows knitting in confusion. She actually leaned toward it and squinted to try and focus on it, as if she didn’t quite believe her own eyes.
The figure, a very portly man who wore only linen pants, a pair of steel boots, and spiked gauntlets, didn’t look back, but kneeled on all fours, hammering one massive gauntlet into the ground again and again and again.
Haedrig, the last in, set a hand gently on her shoulder and guided her past me, toward the fountain at the center of the room. “No, this isn’t a sanctuary room,” he said, his voice low and ominous.
Kalon was wrapping Riah’s stub with bandages from his dimension ring while Ezra looked on, helplessly fidgeting with his spear. He snapped around when Haedrig spoke.
“What do you mean this isn’t the sanctuary room? It”—he glanced around and flinched again, as if seeing the room for the first time—“has to be...”
Haedrig guided Ada to the benches and encouraged her to sit down before turning back to Ezra. “It clearly isn’t, and after that first zone you’d have to be a fool to think that we’d end up anywhere so expected as a sanctuary room.”
Ezra glared petulantly at Haedrig, but the mossy-haired veteran seemed entirely unconcerned. They held one another’s eyes for a long moment before Ezra huffed and turned away, this time looking to his sister.
I turned my attention back to the room. It was only about fifteen feet wide and eight feet tall, making it feel very low and claustrophobic after the enormity of the last zone.
Though the area near the fountain was brightly lit by orbs of light that hung down over the running water, the room faded into shadow beyond the light’s edge, making it difficult to tell how long the room was. The light reflecting off the many windows showing us the tortured figures made it feel as though the room stretched on forever.
‘Not windows,’ Regis thought, ‘mirrors. Look.’
Regis was right. As I approached the nearest mirror, I could see the room reflected within it, though, of course, the man in the mirror was not me, nor did he exist outside of that reflection. He was an older man with a thick gray beard. He sat cross legged, staring unblinkingly back out at me, his lips moving ceaselessly.
I leaned forward, cocking my head so my ear was nearly pressed against the mirror, and I realized I could hear the faint whisper of a voice, though I could not make out the words.
“Well,” Kalon said, drawing my attention back to the others, “Riah is sleeping. She’s lost a lot of blood, but that poultice you gave her saved her life, Ada. If we can get out of here quick enough, she’ll be okay.”
Kalon stepped up to a mirror near the fountain. The man within it wore a helm topped by sharp, onyx-black horns like scimitars, giving him the appearance of a Vritra. He stood with his arms crossed and a haughty sneer smeared across his face. Based on his armor—black leather and blackened steel plates with jet runes inlaid throughout—he was an ascender, and a wealthy one at that.
“They’re all ascenders,” Haedrig said, as if he’d read my mind.
“Look at the design and material of their clothes and armor,” Kalon pointed out. “Especially the horns. It’s been out of favor to wear horned helms for, what, several decades? They’ve been trapped here for quite awhile, haven’t they?”
No one answered, though a collective chill ran through the group as we all considered being trapped in this room for eternity.
“Why in Vritra’s name are we here?” Ezra said, moving to stand by Kalon. “This is a prelim. It’s supposed to be over!” The broad-shouldered young man turned toward me. “You! I don’t know how, but this is your fault, isn’t it?!”

“Enough,” Kalon said quietly. “Whyever we’re here, it’s just another test. This is a puzzle zone. We need to start looking for clues that’ll help us solve the room and move on.”
Ada’s discouraged expression disappeared as she got up to her feet, forcing a smile for us to see. “That’s right! We can do this! For—” Ada glanced at the sleeping Riah, her bandages already spotted through with blood. “For Riah!”
The first-time ascender’s bravery seemed to douse Ezra’s hot head, and he gave his sister a side-hug, wincing as he did so.
“What about you?” I asked him. “How badly were you hurt?”
“It’s nothing,” he said, his chin up, his gaze haughty. “I’ll be fine.”
Shaking my head, I turned away and began examining the mirrors, one by one, for any hint or clue about how to proceed.
Kalon stepped up beside me. “That was an impressive spell you used to teleport back there.”
“Thanks,” I said simply.
“I’ll admit, I wasn’t the best student at academy,” Kalon went on, “and I was particularly bad at ancient runes—I just never really understood the point, you know? I always knew I was going to be an ascender, and ascenders don’t fight each other.”
I turned to Kalon, meeting his eye. “What are you getting at?”
He raised his hands and smiled warmly, but I could see the tension in the way he held himself and the way his smile didn’t quite reach his eyes. “Just making conversation, Grey—and, thinking about that spell. I’ve never seen anything like it. We studied all kinds of runes at the academy—making it more difficult increases the prestige, I guess.
“I was curious”—he paused, glancing up the hall toward his brother and sister—“if I could see your...What is it you have? An emblem? It seems too powerful for a crest.” When I didn’t immediately answer, Kalon broke into a surprised grin. “It’s not a regalia, surely? Is that why you don’t have your runes displayed? Who are you?”
“Listen,” I said, “there’ll be plenty of time for war stories when we’re out of here, okay? For now, let’s just figure out this puzzle room.”
Kalon shook his head and patted me on the shoulder. “I’ll figure you out yet, Grey.” He turned to walk up the hall, following his siblings, then stopped. “Oh, and sorry about Ezra. Don’t mind him, he’s just protective of the girls.”
‘And an imbecile,’ Regis said in my mind.
I smiled and turned back to the mirrors, focusing again on the task at hand.
‘Guesses here?’ Regis asked after we’d looked over a dozen or more of the reflections. ‘What are we looking for, Arthur?’
If everyone here is an ascender, then they’ve presumably been trapped somehow. Maybe by touching the mirrors?
‘Okay, so don’t touch the mirrors, check. But how do we get out of here?’
I stopped when one of the figures we passed by waved wildly with both arms, clearly trying to get my attention. He was a bearded man who also had a horned helm with locks of wavy brown hair that flowed down past his chin. His eyes were deeply sunken and ringed with shadows, but he perked up when I stopped.
They can see us, I thought, realization washing over me.
The trapped ascender pressed his hand to the inside of the mirror, gesturing for me to do the same. When I didn’t immediately respond, he grinned and nodded, then gestured again more urgently.
‘It’s a trap, you know it is. What if you get sucked in after touching that mirror? What if he gets loose and tries to kill everyone else?’
“Can you hear me?” I asked out loud, pointing at the mirror. The man shook his head and gestured again at his hand pressed against the inside of the pane. I shook my head back.
The man’s face fell, and when he looked back up there was such a pure and malevolent hatred in his eyes that I took a step back from the mirror. He began shouting, even going as far as taking off his helmet and using it as a pickaxe to try and break his way out.
‘Sheesh...someone woke up on the wrong side of the mirror,’ Regis said, laughing at his own joke.
Ignoring Regis, I moved on from the enraged ascender.
After a few more minutes of fruitlessly examining the mirrors, now conscious that the inhabitants were watching me as closely as I was them, Ada called out.
“It’s...it’s me!” Ada said, her voice carrying down the hall, which seemed to be much longer than it had at first appeared. Ada was standing in front of a mirror perhaps twenty feet away, and from where I stood I could just see the figure within.

The mirror-Ada waved and smiled warmly, a gesture the real Ada immediately returned. Then, moving identically so it was almost as if one was genuinely a reflection of the other, both raised their hands and made as if to press them against the glassy pane.
“Ada,” I shouted, “stop! Don’t touch the—” Ada’s right hand pressed against the mirror, as did the reflection’s, and purple energy—aetheric essence—rose like steam from Ada’s skin, then moved like wind-blown mist along her body until it was absorbed into the mirror.

Using God Step, I was at her side in an instant, but even that was too late. Her body slumped into my arms, and I watched in horror as blackish-purple energy from the mirror oozed across her and was absorbed into her skin.
Weariness settled over me like a warm blanket. Using God Step twice in such a short time had apparently taken a toll on me. I would have to grow much stronger before I could use aether in such a way more consistently. In the meantime, at least I could use Burst Step now without tearing my body apart.
Heavy footsteps from behind me announced Kalon and Ezra’s approach. I glanced from the unconscious Ada in my arms to the mirror, and my stomach lurched. Ada—the real Ada—seemed to be banging on the inside of the mirror with her fist, practically blind with panic and the tears that streamed down her face and dripped from her chin.
Even though I couldn’t hear her, her words were clear. “Please,” she said. “Please.”
“What happened?” Ezra snapped, leaning down over his sister’s prone form and placing his hand on hers. “Ada? Ada!”
As I opened my mouth to explain, Ada’s eyes fluttered open, causing us all to recoil in surprise; they were a deep, dark, glowing violet.
Kalon looked from the purple-eyed Ada to the mirror where the crying, frantic Ada was still screaming, “Please, please!” The eldest sibling’s eyes were bloodshot as he tried to muster every ounce of composure he had left, his hand reaching closer toward the mirror.
“Stop!” I released a pulse of aetheric intent, causing everyone—Haedrig had joined us only a moment before—to freeze in place. “Touching the mirror is what caused this. I think...” I paused, carefully considering how best to explain what I saw. “I think that Ada was drawn into the mirror, and that something came out of the mirror to inhabit her body.”
Ezra, seizing on this thought, grabbed Ada’s hand and pulled her toward the mirror. “Then we just make them switch back!”
I reached for Ezra’s arm, but Kalon stopped me. “Let him try.”
Before I could argue, Ezra—over the terrified objections of the purple-eyed Ada—had pressed her hand against the glass. On the other side, our Ada mirrored the gesture.
Nothing happened.
“Please,” Ada said, “Let go of me, Ezra. You’re hurting me.” A single large tear welled up within those otherworldly eyes. “Please.”
Ezra let go and stepped away, grimacing. He looked from Ada to Kalon and back, anguish written across his face. In the mirror, the image of Ada had fallen onto her knees, her hands over her face, her entire body wracked by sobs.
“How do we know,” Kalon said, speaking deliberately as tears welled up in his eyes, “that the Ada in the mirror is the real Ada? What if it’s some kind of trick—or trap?”
“The glowing purple eyes didn’t give it away?” I asked, unable to keep the annoyance out of my voice. Kalon didn’t respond, but Ezra stepped toward me aggressively, his fists clenched and his eyes full of dark fire.
I whipped my head around and met his gaze, a near-palpable intent leaking out of me. “Don’t do anything you’re going to regret, kid.”
Ezra halted and gnashed his teeth, his fists still raised in wary defiance.
“This isn’t the time to be fighting amongst ourselves,” I added gently, letting out a sigh.
Ezra held my eyes for a long moment, breathing hard. Then he turned suddenly and pressed his hand to the glass of Ada’s mirror prison.
Though I couldn’t sense any change, it was clear that something was happening to Ezra. His entire body tensed, and, when he turned back to look at Kalon, his face was pale and his eyes shined with tears.
“Ezra!” Kalon gasped.
“I can hear her,” Ezra said, his voice choked with emotion. “When I touch the mirror, I can hear Ada. She sounds so scared...”
Following his brother’s lead, Kalon pressed his palm against the mirror’s surface. Immediately Kalon’s expression darkened. He didn’t have to say anything for me to know that he, too, could hear her cries.
Wanting to give the brothers a moment of privacy while they shared their sister’s suffering, I turned to Haedrig, but he was nowhere to be seen. I looked toward the fountain, where Riah lay sleeping, but he wasn’t there. Neither could I see him in the dim light at the edges of the room.

A jolt of fear ran through me, and I began searching the nearby mirrors for any sign of him.
I passed a wispy haired young woman who lay naked on the floor, rolling back and forth with her hands stretched out over her head like a child playing in the grass; a figure in bulky armor whose face had been tattooed until only the shocking blue eyes were untouched; and a man who wore robes like a monk, but who had the mindless, murderous look of a mana beast.
Haedrig wasn’t there.
I glanced back at the others; Kalon and Ezra each still had one hand pressed against Ada’s mirror and the other set upon each other’s shoulder. In the mirror, Ada pressed her hands to theirs.
The purple-eyed Ada was crawling unnoticed away from them, toward the fountain next to which Riah slept. There was something alien and malevolent in the way Ada moved, and her glowing eyes narrowed into a glare as she caught me watching her. I stepped toward her, but stopped when the sound of shattered glass filled the room.
“Haedrig?” I called into the darkness, the creature masquerading as Ada momentarily forgotten.
“Fine, I’m fine,” Haedrig said, walking toward me out of the gloom, his sword drawn.
Instinctively, I drew the white dagger I’d claimed from the lair of the giant millipede. Haedrig’s eyes seemed almost drawn to the weapon as his gaze fixated on the white blade. With a start, he seemed to realize that his own blade was out, and he immediately sheathed it within his dimension ring.
“I’m sorry if I startled you, Grey,” he said, his voice steady, his hands out to his sides to show that he was not armed. “I found my own image in a mirror farther down the hall, and—well, it may have been a bit reckless, but—I was taken by an instinct, and I smashed it.”
‘Oh, yeah, great idea, let’s just smash up the cursed mirror-prisons, I’m sure nothing bad will happen,’ Regis grumbled.
“That was—” I wasn’t sure whether to praise Haedrig for his bravery or admonish him for his thoughtlessness, but I was saved the trouble of finishing my sentence when Haedrig’s eyes went wide and he yelled, “Ada!”
Turning, already sure what I would see, I prepared to Burst Step to the fountain, where I knew I would find the false-Ada hunkered over Riah’s unconscious form.
You fool, Arthur! I chided myself. I shouldn’t have taken my eyes off her.
I activated Burst Step, intending to move almost instantly to the edge of the fountain, then leap the remaining distance and tackle Ada. Unfortunately, Kalon moved as well, darting toward Ada and stepping directly into my path.
I struck the eldest Granbehl sibling shoulder-to-shoulder, causing him to tumble head over heels through the air. Unable to maintain my footing or my trajectory, I found myself veering headlong directly toward one of the mirrors with no way to stop my momentum.
Twisting, I slammed through the mirror shoulder first, finding myself suddenly outside of the hall of mirrors. For a sickening moment, I saw empty blackness stretch out below me, but I was able to grab onto the frame of the mirror despite the jagged edges of the remaining glass biting into my fingers.
‘Don’t look down,’ Regis urged.
I looked down.
Blackness. Infinite blackness.
The only thing to break up the nothingness was the bright rectangle that looked into the mirror room, a window floating in the abyss. I was dangling from the frame, blood beginning to seep down my hands and forearms from the cuts on my fingers.
I tried to pull myself up and back through the mirror, but a cold lethargy was seeping through my muscles. My mind was foggy, my limbs weak and unresponsive. I couldn’t focus...
‘Arthur!’ Regis yelled in my head, his voice cutting through the mist like the beam of a lighthouse. I heaved, feeling the glass scrape the bones of my fingers, but I was able to get one elbow over the lip of the mirror.
Then Haedrig appeared above me, and he was hauling me up by my cloak, half choking me in the process. My strength came roaring back as soon as I was back on the right side of the mirror, and I tore free of his grasp the moment I had my feet under me, sprinting toward Ezra and Ada, who were scuffling over Riah’s prone form.
Ezra had wrapped both his arms around Ada’s body, pinning her own arms to her sides, but she was twisting and jerking wildly within his grip. She threw her head back, smashing her brother’s nose and almost slipping free.
I tackled them, knocking both Granbehl siblings to the ground, then helped Ezra to pin Ada. Her purple eyes blazed with light and fury and she kicked, scratched, and bit at us. When she couldn’t hurt us, she began slamming her head onto the ground with a hollow thud.
Kalon appeared, throwing himself onto the pile and helping to hold her still and keep her from hurting herself. “Ada, stop! Please...” His voice cracked as he pleaded with the creature controlling Ada’s body.
Regis, I need you to go in there and see what is inhabiting her body. I wasn’t sure it would even work, but I thought that if Regis could go into Sylvie’s stone, perhaps he could inhabit Ada’s body as well.
‘Gross. You want me to go into someone else’s body? What if—’ I could sense the revulsion leaking out from Regis, but there wasn’t time to argue.
Just do it. Now!
The shadow wolf leapt from my body, paced once around our roiling pile, then hesitantly dissolved into Ada. At first, nothing happened. Then the struggling lessened, and Ada went limp, though her eyes still blazed with violet light.
Kalon, Ezra, and I held our positions, waiting to see if Ada would resume struggling. My eyes darted around the room, taking in the scene. The figures in the mirrors all around us had stopped their wild gesticulations; every single one now stood still, their eyes locked onto the four of us lying on the floor in a heap. The broken mirror now looked out onto black nothingness, like an empty eye socket.
Haedrig stood over us, though he wasn’t looking toward our group. His gaze was turned toward the bench where Riah lay, quiet and motionless. The bandage on her leg had been partially unwrapped, revealing the gory, gnawed stump beneath. Blood no longer flowed from the wound.
Riah’s face was pale, locked in an expression of fear and agony. Though her glassy eyes still stared up at the low ceiling, I knew they no longer saw.
Riah was dead.





Chapter 291
Chapter 291: Telling Tales
Reaching out, Haedrig closed Riah’s sightless eyes before turning back to the rest of us gathered around Ada.
Though she appeared immobilized by whatever Regis was doing in her body, I knew this wasn’t over. The glowing purple eyes were locked on Riah, and a quivering smile kept flitting across her lips as she fought for control.
‘I can’t hold this forever!’ Regis transmitted to me.
“We need to tie her up,” I said, my voice sounding raw and tired to my own ears.
Haedrig helped Kalon and Ezra to their feet while I held Ada, just in case she broke free of Regis’s control. Kalon scooped her out of my arms and set her gently on the bench next to Riah’s body, then began to restrain her using rope from his dimension ring.
Suddenly her head lunged forward and her teeth snapped shut, just barely missing Kalon’s nose.
“Ada...I’m sorry,” Kalon whispered, sorrow dripping from his voice.
After she was restrained, Regis burst from her back, landing in the fountain between the benches. The shadow wolf immediately rolled onto his back and began to splash around in the fountain, coughing in a hacking, throaty way that reminded me of a cat coughing up a hairball.
‘That—was—gross! I need a bath,’ he thought to me.
Thank you, Regis. It was enough for us to safely restrain her, so—
A shove from my left caught me off guard, causing me to reel back, though there wasn’t enough force behind it to knock me off balance.
“If you wouldn’t have knocked Kalon over, we’d have gotten to Riah in time!” Ezra, his face bright red and his eyes bulging, shouted at the top of his lungs. “She’s dead because of you! I should kill you right now—”
I let him vent. Behind him, Kalon had frozen in the act of covering Riah with a spare cloak. Haedrig had stepped off to the side to give the brothers some space. I could tell by the way his hand drifted toward the hilt of his sword that he was ready to jump in if necessary, however.
‘How long are you gonna sit here and let him shout at you?’
He’s right to be upset, Regis.
‘Maybe, but that doesn’t doesn’t make him not a jerk.’
“—never should have brought you with us, you bastard!”
No, perhaps you shouldn’t have, I thought.
Just like in the convergence zone, it appeared that my presence made things more difficult for the others. From everything I’d heard, the first zone should have been easy enough for ascenders as strong as Kalon and Haedrig.
“Do it, brother! Kill him!” Ada chimed in, her voice oozing with malice. Once she had killed Riah, any pretence of this purple-eyed creature still being Ada had slipped away, leaving behind a violent shadow of Ada’s innocent excitement.
“Shut up!” Ezra roared, turning on Ada as if he would strike her. Kalon was between them in an instant, his eyes boring into Ezra’s. The younger Granbehl brother was quick to submit, turning away from us all and walking to the broken mirror, staring out into nothing.
Ada’s glowing eyes followed him, her lips twisted into a disappointed sneer. She then turned toward Kalon and put on an innocent smile. “Oh, big brother, please untie me? These ropes hurt...”
Having had enough, I let out a wave of aetheric intent that froze everyone in place, including the false-Ada. I took a step toward her, my eyes boring holes into her skull.
“What are you doing?” Kalon asked through gritted teeth, my intent pressing down on him like a giant fist.
“I need answers,” I said matter-of-factly. “So I’m going to ask this...thing...some questions.” I released the pressure and kneeled down in front of Ada. She grinned.
“Who are you?” I asked, wanting to start with the obvious.
“Ada of House Granbehl,” she said confidently.
“Where is the real Ada?”

“I am the real Ada,” she said without hesitation or any hint of a lie.
“How do we get her back out of the mirror?”
“You can’t,” she answered with a sneer.
I narrowed my eyes. Had the creature just slipped up in admitting that the real Ada was trapped in the mirror? I couldn’t be sure if I was dealing with a trapped adventurer or some manifestation of the Relictombs, so I had no way to know what this phantom’s purpose was.
“How do we escape this room?”
“You can’t,” she repeated, the sneer twisting into a vindictive grin.
“The djinn wouldn’t have designed a test that couldn’t be completed,” I shot back in a whisper.
Taking a moment, I thought through everything I knew about the Relictombs.
Some zones we’d visited were clearly tests of our strength, requiring us to fight through powerful creatures to proceed. Others, like the millipede jungle, tested resourcefulness and adaptability, requiring less pure strength but more caution. Then there had been the platform zone, which required careful consideration instead of direct action to complete.
These “aether zones,” however, seemed less distinct than those I’d seen on my first ascent. The hall of faces had presented itself as a test of our strength against the serpent monsters, but I had no doubt now that the horde would never have been defeated. What was the test, then?
It had required the use of an aetheric ability I already knew—God Step—to complete. Beyond that, it also forced me to acknowledge the limits of my power; no warrior could fight forever against an endless army of foes, no matter how strong. Instead of fighting our way to victory, retreat had been the only way to win.
What aspect of my control over aether was the mirror room intended to test then? Regis and I shared control over the destruction rune, but I couldn’t see how destruction would help us escape the zone.
I glanced at Kalon, who was watching my conversation with Ada closely. Speaking plainly about my abilities in front of the others would reveal more than I’d intended when I sought out a group for my preliminary ascent, but it might also be the only way to escape.
“Is the ability to manipulate aether required to escape this place?”
Haedrig’s gaze, which had followed Ezra to the broken mirror, snapped back to me with furious intensity. He took a step forward, his mouth agape, and I met his eye. There was something strangely familiar about his expression; it reminded me of someone else, but I couldn’t quite place it in the moment.
I realized Ada had spoken, but I was so focused on Haedrig that I missed the answer.
“What?”
“No.” Though Ada said the word with a mean-spirited confidence, I heard it as the lie it was. I couldn’t believe that this zone was not a test of some aspect of aether.
“Do I have to use the rune of destruction to escape this place?” Kalon gave me a confused, disbelieving look. Haedrig seemed surprised, but did a better job covering his expression this time.
Ada grinned. “Yes.”
Regis huffed in my head. ‘But that doesn’t make sense. If the solution requires you to use destruction, then it requires you to use aether, right? This thing is just running you in circles, bud.’
I grinned back at Ada, meeting her glowing purple eyes knowingly. I thought I understood what was happening, but I needed to make sure with a few pointed questions.
“Who is that?” I asked, pointing at Ezra.
Ada rolled her eyes. “Why are you asking me such a stupid question?”
Pointing again, I asked, “What is his name?”
She glared at me. “I don’t know.”
Ezra had turned away from the broken mirror to watch. He seemed about to interrupt, but I motioned for silence.
“Did you kill Riah?”
“No.”
“Do you know who Riah is?”

She glanced hungrily at the cloak covering Riah’s corpse. “No.”
Shaking my head, I asked the simplest question I could think of. “Does one plus one equal two?”

“No!” Ada hissed, her face twisted into a hideous scowl.
Haedrig was the first to catch on. “Everything the creature says is a lie!”
I nodded, smiling faintly at Kalon. “See? She said that Ada couldn’t be reclaimed from the mirror, but everything that she says is a lie, even if the answer is obvious. Working backwards, we can use the lies to build a picture of the truth.”
Far from looking happy about this revelation, Kalon was staring at me as if I were a mad drunk shouting wild tales on the street corner.
It was Ezra, however, who spoke up first. “Who the hell are you? What are all these questions about aether and destruction and stuff?”
“You’re no first-time ascender from some rural blood, are you?” Kalon asked, his gaze hardening as suspicion crept through him. “Ezra was right. You’re the reason that first zone was so hard, and you’re the reason we didn’t go to a sanctuary room.”
There was no longer any point in hiding my abilities, so when Ezra’s crimson spear appeared in his hand, glowing balefully, Regis manifested from my body and pounced on top of him, dragging him to the ground.
“What are you doing!” Kalon’s hand shot out toward me, but I grabbed his arm, standing firm.
Enveloping my body in aether, I squeezed down on the armored ascender’s wrist. His expression contorted in pain as he tried to pry free from my grasp.
“I feel responsible for what happened to your sister, which is why I’ve done nothing as your little brother continued to insult and hound me,” I said with an icy stare, keeping my grip on him firm. “But I hope you don’t mistake my inaction as fear.” After a pause I let out a sigh, softening my voice, “I have a sister as well, and I know what I’d do—what I have done—to keep her safe.”
Regis’s deep growl vibrated through the room like the low rumble of distant thunder as his shadowy maw drew closer to Ezra’s throat.
“Enough,” I warned my companion, who withdrew back into my form.
Ezra scrambled back onto his feet, trying to put some distance between us, and I loosened my grip around his older brother’s wrist.
“If what you said earlier is true, you should know that I’m your best bet at saving Ada and getting us out of here,” I said, turning to Kalon.
Kalon winced, rubbing his wrist. “I won’t pretend to understand what’s going on, and I won’t promise you that we aren’t going to settle things when we get out of the Relictombs, but I’m not stupid. Just save our sister, and get us the hell out of here, alright?”
“Brother!” Ezra burst out.
“Knock it off.” Kalon’s voice was tired, but commanding. Ezra ground his teeth but said no more.
Sensing an opportune moment, Haedrig coughed and said, “Perhaps you two could go find the mirror copies of Grey and yourselves? And Riah, if there is one.”
“And what are we supposed to do if we find them?” Ezra asked, glaring down at his nose at Haedrig.
“Destroy them,” I said. “Just like Haedrig did. Don’t touch them with any part of your body. Weapons only.”
Kalon nodded and led Ezra off into the shadowy depths of the hall, his hand on his younger brother’s shoulder. This didn’t stop Ezra from turning to shoot me an icy look before he was hidden within the gloom.
Haedrig was silent as I set to questioning the false-Ada. Now that I understood the parameters of the phantom’s answers, I was able to target my questions to gain insight into the mirror room and its rules.
Any ascender who entered this place would find a mirror with their own image, just as we had. Should the ascender touch his or her own mirror, a conduit would be created that would draw the ascender’s life energy into the mirror while releasing a mirror entity—I decided to call them phantoms—to live within the ascender’s body.
It was more difficult to discover how to reverse the process, but eventually I asked the right questions.
Like the hall of faces, the mirror room required knowledge of a specific edict of aether. It was difficult to determine exactly what this ability would do, or which branch of aether it was a part of, but what I could discern was that it would allow me to reverse the effects of the mirror, freeing Ada and trapping the phantom back within the relic.
The problem was, of course, that I didn’t know any such ability.
‘You have to know something, though,’ Regis argued. ‘This place can’t have brought us here by mistake.’

Why not? I asked bitterly. I was sitting on the ground several feet from the fountain, having left Haedrig to guard over Ada while I thought. The Relictombs are old. It’s been under constant assault by Agrona and the Alacryans for who knows how long. It’s failing.
‘I guess that would explain how all these other ascenders got here. Damn. What do we do then?’
The other ascenders...
Foolishly, it hadn’t even occurred to me to wonder about their presence. Theoretically, every one of the ascenders trapped within the mirrors around us should have been an aether user to be brought to this place.
If they weren’t, it was true that we might be trapped. If they were, though...
Thinking of the imprisoned ascender who had previously tried to get me to communicate with him by touching his mirror, I jumped up and began searching the reflections. He had been near the fountain, and I found him in moments.
Kalon and Ezra had been able to hear Ada by touching her mirror, and they hadn’t been hurt. Shouldn’t I be able to do the same with this imprisoned ascender, then? I thought. Hoping I was right, I pressed my hand to the mirror, watching as his tired, lined face light up as I did so.
“Hello?” I asked. “Can you hear me?”
‘Yes, yes!’
His voice rang in my mind, much the way Regis’s did, or Sylvie’s before him. His voice was all grit and gravel, as if it hadn’t been used in decades.
‘Oh, thank you, thank you. I can’t tell you how nice it is to talk to someone—anyone!’
“I can’t imagine,” I said honestly. The thought of being trapped within this glass prison, watching ascender after ascender walk by without realizing you could see them, knowing they would likely share your fate soon...it was too awful to consider. “I’m sorry for ignoring you earlier. I didn’t know what would happen if I touched the mirror. Can I ask you some questions?”
‘Of course! My knowledge is the only thing I have left. Though’ —the reflection shuffled self-consciously—‘I would ask for something in return.’
I nodded, my hand still pressed against the cool surface of the mirror. “If your request is something I can do, I’ll do it. Go on.”
‘I ask only that—should you find a way—that you release me from this prison.’
“I’ll do what I can. Now, when you were—before you became trapped, did you know anything about aether?”
The reflection sighed and shook his head. ‘No, I had a couple of mediocre crests for ice spells. I was never a particularly good ascender, if I’m being honest. No wonder I got trapped in here, I suppose.’
Though his answer was disheartening, I forged on with my questions.
“Were you ever able to do anything that was...a little bit different? Powers that didn’t line up with your marks?”
The man looked thoughtful for a moment, then smiled and pulled a thin dagger from his belt.
‘This is an old family heirloom. When it was given to me, it looked more like a rusty nail than a blade. I took it with me on my preliminary ascent, you know, for good luck.’ He tossed the dagger into the air and caught it with a flourish. ‘Well, I was talking to this girl—one of my teammates, real pretty—and I pulled it out to show her, and, well, a sort of vibration ran down my arm and all the rust fell off the blade, and it was shining and new as the day it was forged.’
“How?” I asked, though I already had an idea of the answer.
‘Not a clue. I just figured it was something to do with the Relictombs, honestly. Anyway, it all worked out, because that pretty girl married me and...’ The reflection trailed off, his gaze traveling from the dagger to a thick ring on one finger of his left hand.
“Thank you. That’s helpful, honestly. I’ll find a way to release you, I promise.” As I walked away from the mirror, leaving the ascender’s spirit to ponder the life he’d left behind, I hoped that my promise had been true.
***
I repeated this exercise with a couple of the other more sane ascenders with similar results. Though none had been aware of possessing any aetheric abilities, they each had similar stories in which strange and unexplained things happened around them, just like the first ascender and his knife.
Knowing that those trapped here had shown at least a potential for using aether gave me hope.
‘So what do you know...that you don’t know that you know?’ Regis asked without a hint of his usual glibness.
I don’t know, I thought, sitting on the hard floor while watching the others
Kalon and Ezra had returned, having found and destroyed a mirror containing each of our images. A part of me had hoped that destroying the mirrors would release us, but then, there was still Ada’s mirror to deal with.
While Kalon had gone to sit with Ada, keeping watch over her, Ezra had taken to listening to the ascenders in the mirrors. I watched him for a while, wondering what the trapped men and women around us were telling him. Ezra avoided the more sane reflections, preferring to listen to the most wild and lost. He never said anything to them, apparently content just to share their pain and their rage.
“Ezra,” I said, getting his attention, “you shouldn’t be listening to them. They don’t have anything to give you besides anger and hate.”
When the boy ignored me, I only shook my head and turned away.
Haedrig was lying on the bench opposite Riah’s body, his green hair pulled over his face, his chest rising and falling rhythmically. His reaction to my question earlier about aether was bothering me, but I’d been too occupied to give it much thought. I was confident that if the green-haired ascender had some key piece of knowledge that would help us escape, he would have divulged it by now.
A key piece of knowledge...
My mind thundered in realization as I shot up to my feet. “The keystone!”





Chapter 292
Chapter 292: Missing Pieces
It was with a pang of regret that I sat down with the stone cube I’d received from the djinn projection during my first adventure in the Relictombs. After my early attempts at understanding the relic back in Maerin, I had spent very little time studying the geometric shapes within.
Still, my previous interaction with the keystone must have done something; the Relictombs had sensed that I had some knowledge of this edict of aether, whatever it was, and drawn us into this zone to test me. Or perhaps it sensed the cube itself, tucked away in my extradimensional storage rune, and that alone was enough to bring us here.
For being a peaceful people, the djinn seemed to have a very dark methodology in how they trained and protected their aetheric arts.
Settling myself cross legged on the floor with the cube in my lap, trusting in Regis and Haedrig to watch over me while I worked, I began.
As before, I imbued aether into the relic, and its aether reached back out to me. My vision faded into a wall of purple, and I pushed through it, finding myself once again surrounded by the countless floating and spinning geometric shapes.
Using aether, I was able to manipulate the shapes, moving and sorting them to try and make sense of their meaning. I felt like an infant playing with alphabet blocks. There was no rhyme or reason to the geometric forms, and although I could interact with them, I didn’t have any foundation for understanding, no idea what I was supposed to be doing.
Still, I had to believe the djinn wouldn’t have given me this relic if there was no way for me to solve it. I started by collecting similarly shaped symbols and organizing them into groups. Next, since they were geometric and not rune based, I looked for ways in which they fit together, treating it like an abstract puzzle.
This seemed easy at first, as there were enough shapes that I was always able to find a piece to fit. Once I had a couple dozen pieces locked together, however, I realized the problem. Before me, a sprawling, multi-directional fractal had taken shape, but I had run out of pieces that would connect to the shape I had created.
With no other choice, I broke the puzzle down and began again.
All the while, I felt my aether being drawn from me and consumed by the cube. Its sucking force wasn’t as bad in the Relictombs as it had been when I’d studied the keystone in Maerin, allowing me to stay in longer, but it still put a limit on the amount of time I could spend working on the relic in a single sitting.
I organized my pieces again, then began building the puzzle for the second time, keeping in mind which pieces I had used during my first attempt. This time, however, I found myself at a dead end even sooner, but I was too tired to restart again.
My eyes snapped open, and it took a moment for my mind to make sense of the mirror room with its constant movement and small army of reflected figures.
Regis was curled up in front of me, one eye open and tracking the others closely. Ezra and Haedrig appeared to be asleep, while Kalon watched over Ada. Her mouth had been covered to muffle the constant stream of vitriol and lies.
“How long was I out?” I asked, startling Kalon, who practically jumped up to his feet.
He cleared his throat and sat back down. “Several hours, at least. Did you do...whatever you were trying to do?”
“I made some progress,” I replied elusively. I had a feeling he wouldn’t like to hear that I didn’t have a clue what I was doing.
From his bench on the other side of the fountain, Ezra said, “It’s been hours, and all you can say is you’ve made ‘some progress’?”
The young ascender stood up, glared at me, and turned away, stomping off into the gloom.
“I’d already spent hours studying the...device before we got here,” I said, speaking to Kalon. “I don’t know how long it’s going to take, but I’m doing what I can.”
His expression stoic, Kalon asked, “Are you sure there isn’t anything we can do to help?”
“Just don’t let your brother stab me while I’m in there,” I said, raising an eyebrow.
Kalon laughed, causing the restrained and gagged Ada to snarl at him and twist within her bindings as if the sound pained her. Kalon gazed at her sadly for a moment before turning back to me. “Do what you need to do, Grey.”
I felt like a well-wrung sponge; nearly every drop of my aether had been expended. I didn’t need much sleep, but I did need time to replenish my aether core.
Standing, I ran through a series of martial movements Kordri had taught me back in Epheotus to help me get the stiffness out of my limbs. After several minutes of the routine, I sat back down beside Regis and began the process of absorbing ambient aether.
I felt my companion shifting nearby before I heard his voice in my head.
‘What’s it look like in there?’
I’m not sure how to describe it, honestly. I thought about the disparate shapes, the patterns I had designed, the walls of aetheric energy caging it all...What does it feel like when you go inside my body?
‘It’s sort of like swimming.’
I opened my eyes, breaking my meditation, and stared at Regis. The shadow wolf shrugged his shoulders.

‘You asked.’
Closing my eyes, I focused on the aether around me, on drawing it through my aether channels and into my core. Inside of that relic, it’s pure knowledge. I feel like I’m trying to understand the contents of a complicated book by burning it and breathing in the smoke.
‘Any idea how much knowledge you need to inhale to get us out of here?’
More, I thought. A lot more.
***
The third attempt to put the puzzle pieces together wasn’t exactly a charm, but I did reach an unexpected moment of understanding. Without consciously making a decision to do so, I stopped trying to use all the pieces and instead just built a large cube.
The shape was relatively straightforward, fitting together naturally in my mind. Once I’d decided what to build, it almost seemed as if the pieces presented themselves to me when they were needed.
When the cube was complete, it began to glow and shimmer like oil on water, then the lines of the individual pieces faded away until a solid, shimmering box floated in front of me. The oil-slick ripples settled and fell still, and each of the cube’s six faces lit up like an electronic screen from my previous life, showing me the hall of mirrors.
Regis was still at his place by my side. Kalon now slept while Ezra watched over his sister. Haedrig, I was surprised to see, had his hand against one of the mirrors, apparently deep in conversation with its inhabitant. Nothing they said was audible, however. In fact, no sound came from the cube at all.
I was at a loss. Though I’d clearly made some kind of breakthrough, I didn’t understand how this window to the outside world helped me, or what it revealed about the edict of aether I was attempting to master.
Leaving the cube for the moment, I began building a second, smaller box with the remaining pieces. What I ended up with, however, looked more like a sharp-edged lump of dough than a true cube, as I lacked the pieces to make it perfect.
It took three more attempts, building the shape smaller each time, to create a second perfect box. I waited, but nothing happened—no lights, no coalescence of energy, no visions of the outside world.
That’s when I had my second moment of understanding.
What if the cube—or, theoretically, any shape—represented the subconscious knowledge of some aspect of the edict of aether I was trying to learn? If I assumed that the act of this puzzle-building was metaphorical for studying the edict itself, then studying the same thought—represented by the shape I built—would not move me further toward understanding the whole.
With this in mind, I deconstructed the smaller square, but by then my aether core was near empty.
When I opened my eyes, I found things just as I had seen them projected by the screens.
“H-Haedrig,” I said, finding my voice croaky from misuse.
The ascender’s hand pulled away from the mirror whose inhabitant he had been speaking with and he quickly walked toward me.
I took a long drink from the skin of water that rested at my side, dribbling some down my chin.
“Careful with that,” Haedrig said. “We may all regret not packing as many supplies as you before we escape this place.”
“How long?”
“I’d say maybe twelve...fifteen hours since you went in.” Haedrig was watching me carefully, almost nervously.
‘Actually, it’s been thirteen hours and forty-eight minutes. Not that I’m counting or anything.’
“Wow. I’m lasting longer at least.”
“And we’re about out of food!” Ezra cut in, looking at me incredulously. “Are you hoping to just stay in there until the rest of us starve to death?”
“You should be rationing your supplies,” I snapped, but before Ezra could respond I drew my food bundle from the extra dimensional storage rune on my forearm and tossed it to him. “I can get by for a few days.” Glancing at Haedrig, I added, “Make sure that gets split up—and rationed this time.”
Ezra tossed the bundle onto the bench next to him and sat back down. “Thanks, hero.”
Haedrig took a seat next to me and drank from his own flask. When I stayed silent, he turned to me and raised a brow. “How are you doing?”
I shook my head. “I made some progress, but no epiphany yet.”
“That’s not what I meant.” Haedrig took another drink, then abruptly stopped himself before storing his flask in his dimension ring. “Look at me, not heeding my own advice.”
We sat in silence for a moment as I began replenishing my aether.

Haedrig cleared his throat. “So, aether...”
I sighed. Though I was loath to discuss it, I was also surprised it had taken so long for one of them to bring it up after I mentioned aether to the false-Ada. The best way to lie, I had decided, was to tell as much of the truth as possible.
Speaking quietly so Ezra wouldn’t overhear, I said, “This isn’t my first trip into the Relictombs, though you couldn’t call my previous visit an ascent, really.”

Haedrig seemed entirely unsurprised by this revelation, giving me a deadpan look. “Thank you for finally stating the obvious.”
“I woke up in a sanctuary room, half-dead, with no memory of how I’d got there. The first room I came to was full of these awful, zombified-chimera-things, and they almost killed me, but while I was fighting them I realized I could use a new kind of magic. Aether.”
Haedrig gestured toward Regis. “The wolf?”
“Yeah, he was the first manifestation. Then I learned that...teleportation trick I used to get us out of the last zone.” When Haedrig only nodded, I turned to meet his eye. “You seem surprisingly relaxed about all this.”
“I knew there was something different about you,” he answered with a shrug. “I could sense it. To be honest, it’s why I wanted to join you on your ascent. To see what would happen around you.”
I thought back to Alaric’s description of the Relictombs, and how it changed based on who was within it. Some ascenders, he had told me, would take every ascent with a new group, hoping to discover new and unexplored reaches of the ancient mages’ creation.
“And the djinn?”
“It’s what the ancient mages called themselves,” I answered truthfully. They were gone, thanks to the Indrath Clan, and I couldn’t see any harm in sharing the name now. “I found a...spirit, or manifestation, or something...it’s what gave me the relic.”
Haedrig shook his head and gave me a look of purest amazement. “You’ve discovered more about the Relictombs in two ascents than I have in twenty. You lucky wigeon.” His eyes fell to the relic in my lap. “Still, risky to have held onto that. The Vrita—Sovereigns would skin you alive if they knew you’d discovered a relic and not handed it over the second you were out of the Relictombs.”
“Fortunately for me,” I said, thinking about the imbecilic guards who met me at the exit portal in Maerin, “I came out in a little backwater town. They were as surprised to see me there as I was to be there.”
“Lucky wigeon,” he said again, shaking his head.
“How are things out here?” I asked after a short pause. It felt good to just...talk, and I realized I didn’t want our conversation to end so soon.
“Tense and sullen,” Haedrig answered matter-of-factly. “The boy’s near to boiling over. He’s eaten through his rations and half of what we pulled out of Riah’s dimension ring. Subjecting himself to the anger and fear from the reflections isn’t helping, but he didn’t stop even when his brother commanded him to.”
“They’re practically manifestations of his own inner turmoil,” I said, thinking about my life as Grey after Headmaster Wilbeck was murdered. I had fanned the flames of my rage in any way I could. “I guess it’s cathartic for him.”
Haedrig only grunted, and we lapsed into silence.
Casting about for a topic of conversation, I suddenly remembered Haedrig’s reaction when I had asked the false-Ada about aether earlier.
“Back on the topic of aether,” I started, somewhat unsure how to ask what I wanted to know. “Earlier, when I mentioned it...well...you seemed surprised.”
Haedrig met my eye then looked down at the ground, letting his green hair fall over his face. “You’re observant, Grey. You’ve—you’ve shown a lot of trust in me. If the wrong person found out how you’d come to that relic, you could be executed.”
There was no hint of a threat in Haedrig’s words. Instead, he sounded genuinely grateful for the trust I’d shown him; I’d told the others only that it was a device for housing knowledge, and hoped that would be enough to satisfy their curiosity for the time being.
“I’ve studied aether a bit,” he continued, “but that’s not something I can talk about often. It’s not a...polite topic of conversation in most circles, and my family doesn’t approve. In fact,” he added with a bitter laugh, “my family doesn’t really approve of anything I do. They expect me to sit at home like a good little—”
Haedrig cut himself off and shot me an embarrassed glance. “Sorry, family is a bit of a sore subject for me.”
“I can empathize,” I said with a sad smile. “No matter how hard we try, we can’t be perfect sons.”
“No, we cannot,” Haedrig replied, somewhat bitterly. “Perhaps my birth parents would have thought differently, but I wasn’t raised by my own blood. The house that brought me up—well—they do not appreciate my aspirations as an ascender.”
“But ascenders are so highly regarded in”—I stopped myself from saying “Alacrya,” instead fumbling for a moment before finishing—“in most families.”
“Oh, don’t get me wrong; my adopted blood is very eager to establish renown as both soldiers in the war against Dicathen and as ascenders, whether through blood or patronage. But I wasn’t meant for this life...at least, not according to them.”
Before I could say more, Headrig stood and straightened his armor. “I’m sorry, Grey, but I think I’d like some time alone with my thoughts. I’ll leave you to your meditation.” After a moment’s pause, he added, “Thank you for listening,” then walked away.
‘I didn’t think it was even possible, but that guy seems to have as many secrets as you,’ Regis said with a chortle. The shadow wolf was curled up between me and Ezra, his eyes closed, though clearly he had been paying close attention.

You think he’s another Dicathian stranded in Alacrya and hiding his identity to avoid being hunted down by the Vritra? I grinned and pushed at Regis’s backside with my boot.
‘No, you fool, but he’s definitely not telling us everything.’
You may be right. Still, I can’t help but trust him. I hadn’t realized it until that moment, but it was true. Despite myself, despite our short accaintence, I trusted Haedrig to watch my back. I couldn’t say the same from the Granbehl brothers.
‘Whatever. Trust away, but if he does anything weird I’ll still bite his arm off.’
Smiling and shaking my head, I went back to my mediation, preparing myself for yet another attempt at the keystone.
***
When I pushed through the purple wall surrounding the field of geometric shapes, I found the cuboid screen still intact. Within it, I watched Haedrig walk down the shadowy hall, his eyes down, his expression thoughtful.
My perspective shifted, focusing instead on Ezra as he stood up and walked toward me. Regis immediately abandoned his pretense of being asleep, lifting his head and gazing at Ezra. The young ascender stopped, met the shadow wolf’s eyes for several seconds, then turned to walk away, though he stayed close enough to keep an eye on Ada.
I forced my consciousness away from the screen, focusing instead on the remaining shapes. I already knew that creating another cube served no purpose, so I began building the first thing that came to mind: a pyramid.
It was more difficult than the cube. The pieces didn’t seem to fit together correctly. They didn’t jump out at me like they had before, guiding me, and so I found myself dismantling and rebuilding the shape again and again. By the time my aether core was empty, I still hadn’t discovered the right pieces to complete a satisfactory pyramid.
Still, once my mind was set on it, I felt compelled to see it through. I knew instinctively there had to be a way to combine the shapes and figures into the image in my mind, and the next time I entered the keystone, I tried again.
But it wasn’t until my third day—my trips into the keystone were lasting nearly sixteen hours by this point, with the remaining time dedicated to replenishing my aether and getting a little sleep—that I succeeded in forging a perfect tetrahedral pyramid.
As before, the pieces shimmered and formed a solid shape, and when the glow receded, each of the pyramid’s faces showed an image, just like the cube. Each image was of the mirror room, but there was something very wrong with what I was seeing.
In the first picture, I could see myself sitting cross-legged on the floor with the keystone in my lap, Regis sitting in front of me, and Kalon watching over Ada. The strangest sense of deja vu washed over me, and I realized that this had been the moment I had first seen in the cuboid display when I had completed it.
What in the world?
In the second image, the mirror room was empty except for the dozens of imprisoned ascenders. Then an opalescent portal appeared hanging in mid air, and I stepped out.
Despite being in a room full of mirrors for the last few days, I hadn’t spent much time looking at myself since my body had been rebuilt. It was strange to think that the man in the image flinching and preparing to defend himself was me.
My pale wheat hair whipped around when I turned toward the reflections moving in the mirror, thinking I was going to get attacked. My golden eyes narrowed as I glared around the room, then widened in surprise at what they saw.
“Who—who are they?” I heard myself ask.
Then Kalon and Ezra appeared, bumping into me. “What the hell?”
I was seeing the past, I realized, as if it had been captured by a recording artifact. The cuboid shape showed me the present. In the faces of the pyramid, I could watch the past play back like a home video.
Using aether, I spun the pyramid around to better see the third and forth sides. The mirror rooms shown by those facets were empty of people, but when I looked closely I realized more of the mirrors were empty in these visions.
They must be older than the others, I thought, which made sense when I considered the two different sides showing me and my party.
If the first shape shows the present, and the second shape shows the past...
My heart beat rapidly as I considered the third shape. Was it possible?
My attention was drawn back to the cube. Haedrig sat next to Regis, his fingers running through the shadow wolf’s thick mane. Regis’s eyes were closed, his tongue lolling from the side of his mouth—the very picture of a satisfied pet enjoying a good scratch.
Traitor, I thought, smiling.
Behind them Kalon was sitting with Ada, his head in his hands, and Ezra was standing before one of the mirrors, his hand pressed against it.
I let out a sigh. Fool. The boy was only torturing himself by interacting with those spirits. They had nothing to share but their madness and hatred. Listening to them would only drive him to darkness and despair.
Turning back to the images visible on the sides of the pyramid, I watched as our time in the mirror room played out again. I found it difficult to turn away, watching for the second time as Ada was taken by the phantom.
The false-Ada skittered across the room unseen, distracted as we all were, and crawled up on top of Riah. Riah seemed unconscious, but she still flinched away when Ada leaned down, then pressed her lips against Riah’s.
Riah convulsed, one sharp, unnatural jerk, then fell still, pale as a ghost.
The phantom had somehow drawn the lifeforce directly out of Riah, killing her instantly. I had assumed it was some kind of aetheric being, like most of the monsters in the Relictombs, but I hadn’t seen anything as powerful or deadly as this.
In front of me, the false-Ada, now restrained, snapped forward, almost biting Kalon. No, not biting—almost kissing Kalon. We’d had no idea how close to death he had been in that moment.
I shook away the thoughts spiraling in my mind. Reliving these past moments was a trap, like living life in a circle.
I needed to start building the next shape...and I knew exactly what it needed to be.





Chapter 293
Chapter 293: Devil’s Deal
If the pyramid was difficult to piece together, the last shape proved nearly impossible. It wasn’t as simple as a flat circle, of course, but thinking of life as a circle had led me to the shape I was now trying to construct.
During my life as King Grey, I had studied a wide variety of subjects, including symbology. The “regular polyhedra” were an oft discussed topic in such studies, as the ancient philosophers of my previous world had spent a lot of time discussing their existence and meaning.
Which is why I found myself trying over and over to build a perfect regular dodecahedron from hundreds of irregular puzzle pieces. The dodecahedron represented a fifth element, the binding that held the universe together, and it was considered the mediation between finite and infinite.
I couldn’t think of any better geometric symbol to represent the future.
It was just too bad that I couldn’t figure out how to make the damn thing.
I’d lost track of how long we’d been in the mirror room. Our meager rations had run out days ago, even though I hardly ate any of my own and the others rationed carefully. If it wasn’t for the water I’d brought, Kalon, Ezra, and Haedrig would have been out of that too, since drinking the salty fountain water would’ve caused them to die of dehydration even faster.
On the bright side, the phantom in Ada’s body seemed to sustain itself, requiring no food or water. Though I worried about the condition of her body when we found a way to return her to it, for now she seemed to be holding up fine.
My eyes fluttered open as I left the realm within the keystone after yet another fruitless attempt to solve the spherical puzzle. I was met with the sound of shouting.
“—just wait around anymore! We have to try it. For all we know, Grey is just waiting for us to die! After all, that freak doesn’t need food or water like we do—”
“—have no idea what will happen if you do what he’s asking—”
“—least we’d be doing something, rather than just sitting around waiting to die—”
“—a trap, making things even worse!”
Kalon and Ezra were standing nearly chest to chest, yelling into each other’s faces. Ezra looked diminished somehow. He had lost a few pounds from lack of food, but there was something else. He had shrunk in on himself, losing his bravado as he withered away into someone weak and scared.
Haedrig was lying on one of the benches, apparently doing his best to stay out of the family conflict.
I sighed and got up.
Regis, noticing my movement, said, ‘They’ve been going at it like this for about ten minutes. The kid’s been talking to one of the reflections and thinks it can help us get out of here.’
What the hell does he think I’m trying to do?
Taking a deep breath, I stepped into the siblings’ argument. “Both of you, take a step back and let’s talk about this.”
Ezra looked at me with purest loathing, practically spitting the words, “Oh, fuck you!”
I repressed the growing desire to cuff him like the brat that he was, but held back. I knew it would just make things worse.
“I’ll handle this,” Kalon said, his tone uncharacteristically brusque.
I raised my hands in a gesture of peace. “I’d like to hear what Ezra has to say.”
Ezra looked at me warily, clearly not sure whether to believe me or not. His eagerness for action won out, however, and he shouldered past his brother and walked toward one of the mirrors, his heavy boots thunking dully on the stone floor.
“Here,” he said, gesturing for me to look at the mirror, which contained the ascender with the tall onyx horns on his helmet. The man stood straight with his arms crossed, just as he had when we entered. “This is Mythelias, once an ascender. He knows how to escape this place.”
I inspected the reflection again, taking in the little details. He was about my height, though thinner, and he held himself like a soldier as he stared back at me seriously. His skin was incredibly pale, making his coal-black eyes stand out like empty voids in his sharp face. A single lock of grey hair had escaped his helmet, hanging down the side of his cheek.
The black leather-and-plate armor looked light and flexible—the armor of a skirmisher. It seemed likely that it was magical; the shining jet runes inlaid in the steel plates weren’t just decorative. The helm was particularly impressive. The long onyx horns extended over two feet from the top of the helmet, making him look even taller and thinner than he already was.
My eyes caught on something. A small detail, just the curved edge that outlined the horns. It wasn’t a joint, fastening the horn to the helm; it was a hole, allowing the horns to pass through the helm.

The man was a Vritra, or at least of Vritra blood.
“What exactly is Mythelias’s plan?” I asked, not immediately pointing out my discovery to the others. It probably wouldn’t mean the same thing to them, anyway.
Something in my tone must have given away my incredulity about whatever this plan was, because Ezra gave me another wary look again before continuing. “He says he knows how to use aether, and he also knows how he can escape the mirror. He’s seen it done.”
The young ascender hesitated, so I pressed him to go on.
“He—he said that the spirits from the mirror can inhabit bodies. Dead bodies.” Ezra glanced down the hall, to where Riah’s remains now lay. We’d been forced to relocate her away from the bench after the first few days due to the smell.
Kalon, who had been standing behind Ezra, listening and looking thunderous, said, “There is no way in hell we’re giving Riah’s body to this liar.”
“And how,” I said loudly, cutting their argument off before it could begin again, “does getting this ascender out of his mirror help us leave the zone?”
Glaring at his brother like he wanted nothing more than to stab him, Ezra said, “He knows how to use aether. He can’t tell me how to escape, but he can show us if we set him free.”
“He’s lying, of course,” Haedrig said suddenly, not bothering to get up from his bench. “I’ve spoken to some of the trapped souls here as well, and they’ve promised me all kinds of things if only I’d help them escape.”
Ezra turned on him, snarling like a cornered woadcat. “He’s Vritra-blooded! One of the Sovereigns’ own. Who the hell are you to question his honor?”
Haedrig rolled his eyes, but Kalon started, now looking unsure. His gaze drifted to the mirror, taking in the horns, the man’s features, then shaking his head. “We can’t be sure, brother.”
Ezra looked his brother in the eye and spit at his feet before shouldering past him. “I don’t care what any of you say, I’m doing this.”
Kalon snapped. The elder Granbehl sibling grabbed his brother from behind, pulling him into a chokehold and then slamming him to the ground. The false Ada cackled through her gag, her eyes wide and ecstatic as she watched the scuffle.
Suddenly Ezra’s crimson spear was in his hand, but he didn’t have any room to use it, and Haedrig was quick to roll off the bench and kick the weapon out of his hand. It spun away into the shadows with a clatter.
“Get off me you coward!” Ezra roared, slamming his elbows backwards into his brother’s stomach.
Ada was flailing so wildly that the gag slipped from her mouth and she began shouting, egging the brothers on. “Knife him! Kill him! Kill him!”
With a heavy sigh, I stepped forward to replace the gag. Regis stood at attention behind me, practically quivering with eagerness to get involved.
Deal with this, I instructed him.
My companion lept forward and his jaws were at Ezra’s throat in an instant. The boy quit struggling, and both Ezra and Kalon lay on the ground panting.
I let the moment linger, wanting Regis’s fangs to leave an impression on the boy.
We had passed a point of no return. Now that our internal strife had devolved into violence, trust was broken. I couldn’t simply let Ezra stand up and go back about his business, but I didn’t like to consider the alternative.
Making a decision, I mentally ordered Regis to let him go and gestured for Kalon to disentangle himself from his brother. Ezra stayed where he was, staring up at me wild-eyed and red-faced.
Kneeling down next to him, I spoke in a low, cold voice, injecting it with as much self-assuredness and authority as I could: “I understand how you feel right now. You may not believe me, but I do. However, I can’t accept your aggressive actions or your insubordinate attitude.
“Listen carefully, because I’m only saying this once. From this point forward, if you don’t follow orders, if you attack me or anyone else in this group, if you try to pursue this senseless plan of yours against my wishes, I will kill you. I will—without hesitation—throw you into the void.”
I met Kalon’s eyes, and I could see the tumult of emotions warring within them: protectiveness over his brother, anger at Ezra’s behavior, and his own fierce grip on what little remaining hope he felt.
“And if your brother tries to stop me, I’ll throw him in too. Understood?”
The Granbehls stared at me, fearful and angry, but I could tell they believed me. Kalon nodded, then nudged his brother in the shoulder with the toe of his boot.
Ezra scoffed. “Understood.”
I walked off without another word. Regis started to follow me, but I stopped him.
Stay with Ezra. Watch him and don’t hesitate to take him down if he tries anything.

‘Aye aye, captain,’ Regis said, eager to have a task to commit himself to after long days of boredom watching me sit with the keystone.
Five minutes later, I was deep in the gloom, far down the hallway from the fountain. It was strange. No matter how far I walked down that hall, I always seemed to be only a few steps away from the fountain. It was like the aether trap that protected the djinn’s underground city back in Dicathen, where—hopefully—my family was still sheltered.
All my life—my second life, that is—I’d been surrounded by artifacts of the djinn: Xyrus, the castle, the teleportation network...upon my reincarnation, I had accepted it all as normal, never thinking to question the ancient mages’ accomplishments or make any effort to learn more about them.

Was that what was holding me back now? The ways in which the djinn passed down their knowledge were much more complex than textbooks and tutors. Even when threatened with extermination, they had not been able to teach the Indrath Clan their secrets, because the dragons weren’t capable of learning the way the djinn did.
I had exhausted the capabilities of my current method. It was hard to admit but, without a fresh perspective, I wouldn’t be able to learn what the keystone was trying to teach me.
Putting into practice a mental practice I’d learned as King Grey, I began to categorize everything I knew about the djinn and aether. I thought through every lesson from Lady Myre, Sylvie, and Elder Rinia. I relived my battles with the retainers and Scythes, as well as the aether beasts within the Relictombs. I let Sylvia’s message replay in my mind and recalled the words of the djinn projection.
The problem was, I just didn’t know enough about relics or how the djinn had used them. Though I’d learned a lot since waking up in the Relictombs, my exposure to relics themselves was entirely limited to my time spent in the keystone, and I had the dead relic sitting half forgotten in my storage rune.
I withdrew the dead relic I’d won in Maerin and began inspecting the dark, unimpressive stone, but only a moment later my attention was drawn to the sound of footsteps echoing along the hall, moving toward me.
I looked up to see Haedrig approaching, both his steady gait and poise expressing a refined sense of grace despite his haggard cracked lips and sunken cheeks. Remembering how valuable even a dead relic was for Alacryans, I quickly hid the lumpy stone away.
“I didn’t think you’d be the type of person to carry around a dead relic,” the green-haired ascender said as he raised a brow, a hint of judgement in his voice. “Is that a blood heirloom or something you use to charm materialistic nobles?”
I rolled my eyes. “Yes. This is what I use to seduce all of the attractive women I come across.”
“Assuming that your physical appearance isn’t enough?” he added with a soft chuckle.
“Are you complimenting me or judging me? I can’t quite tell,” I said, unsure whether I was amused or annoyed by his interruption.
Haedrig took a seat a few feet away from me, appearing uninterested in the supposedly rare and expensive ancient artifact that I held in my hand.
“I’ll admit that, objectively, your facial features can draw some attention. But I wouldn’t necessarily call it a good thing,” he noted before clearing his throat. “Anyway, things turned rather tense earlier.”
I rubbed the back of my neck, looking away from Haedrig. “I—”
“You were right, though. I think you handled it well.” Haedrig reached out, hesitated, then patted my shoulder. “Anyway, it seems that I’m interrupting. My apologies.”
I shook my head. “It’s okay. I needed the distraction.”
“Ezra would probably disagree,” Haedrig responded as he got back up to his feet, the corner of his lips curving into a smile. “Good luck, Grey.”
Letting out a chuckle, I focused my attention back on the dead relic in my hand. Except for the purple haze of aether surrounding it, the stone was bland and uninteresting. It was the type of rock a child might thoughtlessly kick out of the road.
I pushed aether into the dead relic, the same way I interacted with the keystone, but nothing happened. Next I tried to draw the aether out of it, but stopped immediately. I could tell there was very little aether still contained within the dead relic, and I didn’t want to blindly destroy it for such a paltry amount of aetheric energy.
Letting out a sigh, I took a glance at Haedrig, who was seated back on the bench beside the fountain in a meditative state.
With a flick of my wrist, I tossed the relic into the air, watched it arc up until it nearly touched the low ceiling, then snatched it out of the air as it came back down.
With no more straws to grasp at, I slipped the relic into my pocket, closed my eyes, and began replenishing my aether yet again.
***
As I next pushed through the purple wall into the realm within the keystone once more, I could immediately sense that something had changed. The previously completed shapes were still there, displaying the present and past within the mirror room. The remaining geometric shapes—my puzzle pieces—had drifted apart in my absence, as they always did.
It wasn’t something I could see, but there was a static charge, a sort of latent energy suffusing the atmosphere.
Quickly, I gathered and sorted the pieces, hoping the sensation I felt was some sort of unconscious understanding achieved by my efforts to revisit my own knowledge of aether. Yet when I had the pieces in front of me, I felt no new insight into the edict.
Like when I followed the aetheric vibrations that allowed me to step through space, I let my mind unfocus and drift along in the wake of the electric hum. It seemed to fill the space, to fill my whole mind, but there was one small, unassuming spot where it was clearer, more present.

Using aether like a pair of forceps, I reached into that node and pulled something through.
The dead relic.
Stunned, I watched as the unexceptional rock drifted through the air, just like the other shapes I’d found in here. Instinctively, I pushed aether into it, as I had tried while sitting in the dark in the hall of mirrors.
The dull, rough surface of the stone shattered as if it’d been struck with a hammer, revealing a blazing diamond burning with white light. The diamond dissolved as it spread its radiance across the keystone realm. Wherever the light touched, I felt the dull ache of sudden growth, as if my mind were expanding to contain it.
The field of geometric shapes seemed to absorb the light, glowing white hot themselves, and suddenly I understood. Just like when I was building the cube that became the window into the present, the pieces practically presented themselves to me, and I quickly began placing them together.
In my excitement and the euphoric rush of understanding, I nearly missed it. An alarm bell rang in my mind, and my focus turned toward the cube.
The mirror room was in chaos.
Kalon was struggling to fend off Ada, who was free of her bindings. She clawed and bit at him with furious, barbaric strength, but he moved as if afraid to injure her.
Haedrig was crawling out of the fountain, moving slowly as if dazed. A trickle of blood from his ear diffused into the water and stained his cheek and neck red.
The mirrors nearest Haedrig and the fountain were nearly all shattered, now revealing only the void beyond.
Ezra was running along the hall, dragging Riah’s dead body behind him.
Regis was nowhere to be seen.
Abandoning all thought of finishing the dodecahedron now, I tried to open my eyes, to leave the keystone realm, but I couldn’t. Whenever I approached the smoky purple barrier, my consciousness flicked back to the incomplete puzzle floating expectantly amidst the field of geometric pieces waiting to be placed.
Damn it!
Across all the faces of the cube, Haedrig had rolled clumsily out of the fountain and was on his feet, stumbling toward Ezra. The young ascender pulled back his arm as if to hurl his spear at the green-haired ascender, and Haedrig threw himself to the ground, but it was a feint.
The ruse gave Ezra the time he needed to drag Riah’s body the rest of the way to the horned ascender’s mirror. My stomach dropped as I watched him yank the corpse around and press the dead hand to the mirror’s cold surface.
Frantically, I began placing the puzzle pieces again, moving as quickly as my aetheric manipulation would allow. At the same time, I kept one eye on the battle happening outside of the keystone.
In the mirror, the Vritra-blooded ascender was grinning malevolently. And then he was gone, and purple mist was oozing out of the mirror and flowing into Riah, just like when Ada had touched her own mirror.
Riah’s eyes shuttered open and two black voids stared up at Ezra. With one hand, the boy was warding off Haedrig with his spear, and with the other he reached down to offer his hand to Riah. When she took it, Ezra flinched, practically jerking away from her, but Riah’s puffy, dead hand tightened around his until it looked as if his bones had cracked.
Haedrig dashed forward, grabbing the spear and shoving it back and up, cracking Ezra under the chin with the shaft and knocking him backwards over Riah’s body. There was an explosion of energy from Ezra that pushed Haedrig away and shattered several nearby mirrors.
All three forms lay prone on the stone floor for a moment. Riah, or Mythelias in her body, was the first to move. As he rolled over and began to push himself up, the flesh around the severed stump of a leg began to bubble and grow, forming a black, gangrenous club of a foot.
Next to him, Ezra began to convulse with pain. Spreading from his hand, black boils were growing on his flesh, the skin around them turning gray. His face was twisted into a tortured, terrified scream as the pestilent growths rapidly subsumed his body...until nothing was left but a twisted, Ezra-shaped lump.
And still, despite the chaos, Regis was nowhere to be found.
While all this was happening, I had been working feverishly to finish the dodecahedron, unsure exactly what would happen when it was complete. I knew I couldn’t leave until I’d finished the puzzle; I only hoped I would be in time for the others.
Suddenly Kalon flew past Haedrig, his spear blazing ahead of him.
Rolling away from the attack, Mythelias came up to his feet with Ezra’s spear in hand, and immediately became a storm of cuts and strikes that forced Kalon to fall back into a defensive stance. Even then he seemed barely able to avoid the lightning-quick assault.
Mythelias kept pressing Kalon, but this put Haedrig at his back. Whether he had lost track of the green-haired ascender or discounted Haedrig’s ability, Mythelias was focused entirely on the last of the Granbehls when Haedrig struck.
The thin blade punched through Mythelias’s back, just to the left of his spine, then ripped outward through his side, half-severing his torso just below his ribs and leaving a horrific, gaping wound. Before I could so much as cheer, however, the flesh began to boil again, and a hard black scar formed over the gash.
Spinning, Mythelias cut at Haedrig’s ankles with the edge of the spear-blade, then let the spear’s momentum carry it around his body, lining it up for a thrust to the heart that Haedrig just barely parried.
Within the keystone realm, the last pieces of the dodecahedron were slowly falling into place, but I was distracted by the scene playing out on one face of the pyramid, which showed the recent past. It seemed to be catching up to the present, and was now showing what had happened only moments ago.
In it, Ezra was pacing up and down the hall, Regis prowling behind him like a murderous shadow. The boy had a nervous furtive look about him: his hands were jittery and he kept glancing around like he expected to be attacked at any moment.
Haedrig was sitting on the edge of the fountain, his feet in the salt water. Kalon was checking the bindings on the false-Ada, something we had to do frequently to keep the phantom from injuring Ada’s body.
As Ezra approached the fountain, his nervousness cemented into a look of dark determination. He suddenly took a sharp step to the side and activated his crest.
My heart hammered as an explosion pushed out from him, slamming Haedrig across the water and head first into the edge of the fountain. Kalon was tossed backwards so I couldn’t see him any more, and even Ada was jerked violently in her bindings.
The mirrors around Ezra shattered, and, to my horror, Regis was thrown through an open frame, disappearing into the emptiness on the other side.





Chapter 294
Chapter 294: The Faintest Hope
No, I thought, my heart pounding in my throat. That’s not possible.
The explosion had broken the closest benches and wrenched Ada hard enough to loosen her bindings, and she was quick to rip free of the rope.
My focus was drawn back to the dodecahedron as the last piece fit into place. Like before, it shimmered and glowed, the outlines of the individual pieces I’d used to complete the puzzle fading away and forming a solid shape.
In the present, Haedrig and Kalon had fallen into a rhythm, working together to keep Mythelias on the defensive, but any time they scored a hit, the wound instantly sealed over.
Half of Riah’s corpse was now covered with scabrous growths, but neither Haedrig nor Kalon had escaped injury themselves. Kalon was bleeding badly from a cut on his leg, and Haedrig appeared to have taken the butt of the spear to his cheek, which was swollen and already changing color.
Finally, the opalescent shimmering on the faces of the dodecahedron smoothed out and stopped moving, and each face displayed a different moving picture.
In one, the hall of mirrors had been obliterated. The entire end of the hall had been burned away, its blackened edges opening directly into the void. Every mirror was shattered, and most of the frames had been incinerated. There was no sign of life in the room.
In another face of the dodecahedron, I saw myself standing with Haedrig and Ada, who was crying furiously as we pushed Ezra’s remains through an empty mirror frame and out into the void.
The hall was scorched and blasted, the fountain empty, many of the mirrors broken, but it was overall intact.
Haedrig pulled the girl into a tender hug, but I turned and walked away.
My eyes were drawn to a third image. Mythelias, in Riah’s corpse, was stalking across the hall of mirrors toward me. Behind him, Kalon and Haedrig had been entirely subsumed by the dark boils; they were clearly dead.
Ada lay unconscious near me. Mythelias leaned down over her and pressed one blackened hand to her cheek. I turned away, pushing the dodecahedron with aether so it spun, removing the awful image from my line of sight.
The revolving dodecahedron brought different images into sight. Some were variations on what I’d already seen, but one in particular caught my eye.
In it, I saw myself activating a god rune that glowed golden through my clothes. Purple motes of aether spun and swirled through the room like dandelion seeds, and everything they touched glowed with aetheric energy.
I watched, awed, as the mirrors mended before my eyes and the pieces of the fountain flew back together as if time was being rewinded, the smoke and steam from the air literally coalescing to reform stone and water.
When the purple motes landed on Ezra, the boils began to shrink, receding until they faded away entirely. The young ascender gasped and his eyes flew open. He was alive.

Just before the glass of the shattered mirror through which Kalon had been hurled snapped back into place, Kalon himself drifted through it, settling gently onto the ground in the hall of mirrors. The wounds he’d sustained from his battle with Mythelias closed; even the damage to his clothes and armor was reversed.
The terrified, heartbroken image of Ada in her mirror dissolved into pinkish smoke, which flowed out of the mirror, then moved purposefully across the hall until it found her unconscious body, returning her to herself.
Where the floor of the hall was most blasted and burned, ash began to swirl, creating a miniature cyclone. As the ash condensed, a form began to take shape.
Riah’s body, still missing one foot, hung in the air like a rag doll, lifeless and somehow incomplete. Then the gnawed flesh of her foot began to regrow, healing before my eyes. When her eyelids fluttered open, she stared around the now pristine hall with confusion and fear before drifting down to the ground where she was met with a running hug from Ada.
Though the visions of the past and present had suggested the possibility that the third puzzle might show visions of the future, I hadn’t dared to hope such a thing might be possible, yet there I was, watching events that hadn’t happened yet.
Each face of the dodecahedron seemed to show a different potential future, some showing our other failure, true, but there was at least a chance we could defeat the Vritra-blooded ascender and escape the hall of mirrors.
Still, fear bubbled in my gut at what I had seen, or not seen; Regis was nowhere to be found in any of the futures I could see, even the one where I was somehow able to bring back the dead.
What is this power? I wondered, still watching the potential futures play across the faces of the dodecahedron. It seemed too incredible to be possible. Was it an aspect of Life, of vivum? A way to bring the dead back to life?
No, I thought, it seemed more like aevum, an aspect of Time. It was like the aether was turning back the clock on whatever it touched, undoing the damage done to glass, stone, and flesh alike.
Excitement surged within me. This was it! This was the power I needed to defeat Agrona and end the war with Alacrya. Not only that, but I could undo the damage Agrona had done. I could save everyone: Buhnd, Cynthia, Adam, Sylvia...my father.
I could bring them all back!
As the dodecahedron revolved around, the panel in which Haedrig, Ada, and I stood alone in the wreckage of the hall came back into view. In that version of the future, I began using aether on any mirrors that were still intact and had an ascender trapped within.
Like in the other vision, the cracks and chips in the mirrors began to disappear as if mending themselves. Then, one by one, the ascenders faded away. When they had all been released from their prisons, the light within the room shifted subtly, taking on a warmer tone, and a portal appeared within one of the empty frames.
In that version of the future, however, the others remained dead.
Why? I wondered fearfully. What is the difference between these two visions of the future? What do I need to do?
Then the images of past, present, and future faded away, and the three shapes I had constructed within the keystone realm began to dissolve into streams of purple sand that eddied around me on gusts of wind I couldn’t feel. Soon I was looking out through the eye of an aetheric tornado, and the scouring wind and rough sand were scraping across all the layers of my mind.
It’s too soon! I thought, panic taking hold of me. I don’t understand yet!
The pain and pressure built and kept building until I was sure the storm would tear my mind apart, rip my consciousness from my body, and cast it into the void...

Then it was gone. In place of the raw, tearing pain I felt a sense of freshness and calm, like I’d just stepped out of a cool shower on a hot summer’s day.
I opened my eyes. My mental cleansing had been so complete that for just a moment I forgot what was happening around me.

‘Arthur!’
It took a moment for Regis’s voice to sink through my foggy confusion. Was it coming from the past, present, or future? I felt as though time itself was meaningless, and wondered vaguely if this was how the trapped ascenders felt within their mirrors.
The trapped ascenders...The thought nagged at me. I had seen them in the vision of the future...or was that the present now? And then there was the Vritra-blooded ascender, Mythelias...He had escaped—or he would escape? I couldn’t tell the difference.
The room shook as, across the fountain from me, Kalon released his voltaic energy spell, the arcing energy striking Mythelias from several angles at once, nearly burning Riah’s body to a cinder and imprinting jagged, fiery afterimages into my retina.
I blinked rapidly, a creeping feeling that I should be doing something clawing through the confusion.
Kalon leapt at Mythelias, attempting to use the aftermath of his catastrophic attack to drive his burning spear down into the Vritra-blooded ascender’s heart. At the same moment, Haedrig cut low, aiming to take Mythelias’s leg off at the knee.
He was ready for them.
The flesh around his knee bubbled outward then hardened, trapping Haedrig’s sword in a knot of gnarled black tissue. In Mythelias’s hands, Ezra’s spear swung with the force of a battering ram, catching Kalon in the air and batting him aside like a bug.
A jolt of adrenaline hit me like a lightning bolt as I watched Kalon fly sideways, strike the frame of one of the mirrors, and spin out into the void. He was gone.
Riah’s face sneered at Haedrig. “As if you lesser scum could truly fight back against me.” The words slithered out between her stiff, blackened lips, sounding entirely unlike Riah. “You can’t even understand the honor I give you. In my time, only the greatest warriors died by my hand...”
‘Arthur!’ Regis screamed again in my head. He was inside me, I realized. I could feel his debilitated presence, his mind, his wild panic. And I could feel the Destruction rune raging like a wildfire, begging to be unleashed and burning away the last of my confusion and uncertainty.
Before me, Mythelias casually reached down toward Haedrig, who tried to throw himself backwards but slipped in blood and hit the ground with a grunt. To his credit, the veteran ascender seemed calm even in the face of certain death.
As the bloated, puffy white fingers reached toward my friend, I raised my own hand and summoned the violet flame. Mythelias’s head snapped around as he sensed my power, and with astonishing speed he cocked the spear back and launched it like a missile aimed straight at my throat.
The spear seemed to slow until it looked as if it were hanging suspended in the air. Riah’s dead face was twisted into a hateful snarl, as still as a painting. Haedrig lay on his back at Mythelias’s feet, one arm up to ward off the blow that had been diverted toward me.
Without meaning to look for them, I saw the network of aetheric vibrations between Mythelias and me; all I had to do was focus on them and activate my rune, and I was able to pass through the vibrations with God Step, appearing between Haedrig and Mythelias, the power of Destruction still held in my hand.

The world lurched into motion again, and I watched as the spear flew into the distance. Mythelias’s eyes widened in surprise, still focused on where I had been just a moment ago, before twisting around with the speed of a razor grimalkin, his hand thrusting toward me like the tip of a poisoned dagger.
But it wasn’t fast enough.
“Burn,” I commanded, and the hungry flames leapt from my fist in a fan of pure violet destruction fueled by my aether.
Destruction engulfed Riah’s body, flinging Mythelias screaming onto his back. He rolled and beat at the flames, and his power caused a hard, black shell to start forming all around the body.
Even as he burned, he screamed out, “I am the Mythelias Dresdium—son of the Sovereigns—and I—refuse—to—”
“Die,” I said coldly.
The purple fire consumed the scabrous black lumps and the pale dead flesh alike, destroying the body faster than Mythelias’s ability could regenerate it.
As I watched the body of the kind girl—the girl who brought sweets on an ascent instead of rations—disintegrate, I felt only the flush of power, the knowledge that, with Destruction at my command, I could defeat anything. Even Agrona wouldn’t be able to fight back against this kind of raw destructive force.
Destruction fed until not even ash remained, but when Riah’s body was gone, Destruction remained. I felt the power pull at me, eager for more.
I clenched my fists and ground my teeth as I tried to snuff out the remaining flames, which had spread to the stone floor and were quickly eating through it, along with most of my aether reserves.
A gout of the violet fire erupted from my right hand, boiling away the water within the fountain and setting two of the broken benches aflame. All around me, purple embers floated through the air, and anything they touched caught fire.
It was beautiful.
Then a spark landed on Haedrig’s leg.
He would burn, I knew, like everything else. Kalon, Ezra, Riah, Ada...Haedrig. They were all collateral damage, but their lives had been the price I had to pay to make it this far.
No! That was wrong, I knew. That’s Destruction talking, not me!
I saw again the future I’d witnessed in the dodecahedron: the hall of mirrors destroyed, nothing but ash remaining of my companions. That was what would happen if I couldn’t control Destruction. In the end, it would consume everything. Even me.
Feeling control slipping away from me, knowing that Haedrig would be incinerated in moments if I didn’t do something, I shouted for Regis.
We have to exhaust our aether reserves. All of it! Gauntlet Form! Now!
Regis didn’t hesitate. When he was in my right hand, I held it out, pointing through one of the many broken mirrors and away from Haedrig, who was shouting my name, pleading for help.
With Regis in my hand to draw my aether, I turned Destruction in that direction and pushed. Purple fire boiled out of me like an inferno, spilling out into the darkness where there was nothing for it to consume.
More and more of the destructive energy streamed from me. I burned it all, every last breath of aether in my body. And when I was as dry and empty as a sun bleached skull, the last of the fire flickered and died, no longer able to draw from Regis’s rune.
My head whipped around, but I let out a sigh of relief when I saw Haedrig back on his feet, his armor scorched but otherwise looking unburned.
Then my knees buckled, and the world went dark.





Chapter 295
A piercing pain that spread throughout my body wrenched me out of my sleep . I couldn’t even muster a groan as my eyes pried open .
It was only as I stared at the scorched remains of the long, squat hallway that memories of what had happened flashed before me: Riah being possessed by the Vritra-blooded ascender, Ezra’s death, Kalon falling into the void, my use of Destruction to kill the ascender, and the violet flames spreading onto Haedrig .
Haedrig! I tensed as I thought of the green-haired ascender, causing the organ-rending pain to flare in me once more .
‘The first thing you do when you wake up is worry about some random ascender you met a few days ago and not your beloved companion?’ a familiar voice said in my mind, albeit a bit higher in tone than normal . ‘I see how it is . ’
Regis! What happened?
‘I’ll tell you what happened!’ Regis snapped, his almost child-like voice laced with frustration .
A black shadow emerged from my sternum to reveal my shadowy companion...kind of .
“Look at me!” Regis barked, floating a few feet above me . The once formidable shadowy wolf, who had been large enough for a grown man to easily ride, was now, for lack of a better word, a puppy . He still had his wolven features, from a shadowy tail to four black paws and two horns on his head, but he was now only about the size of my head .
“I see you...lost some weight,” I rasped, wincing in pain .
“Hur hur,” Regis mocked, glaring at me . “I would’ve slapped you already if I had the upper body strength to do so . ”
“Did this”—I waved my hand in his direction, indicating his diminutive form—“happen because we had to exhaust all of our aether?” I asked .
My pup of a companion rolled his large eyes . “No . I became this way in order to live out my dreams as someone’s cuddle buddy . ”
“I saw you get flung through one of the mirrors,” I said, ignoring his sarcasm . “What happened after that?”
Regis thought for a moment, scratching his chin with a small paw . “I don’t remember exactly . I just kept falling through the void until I blacked out, then I was back inside your body with a splitting headache . ”
I let out a breath of relief, glad to have one less thing to worry about in the future while fighting alongside my shadowy companion .
Anxious to get moving, I tried pushing myself off the ground . With barely a sliver of aether remaining in my core and pain radiating throughout every inch of my body, I couldn’t even sit up, let alone stand on my feet .
With no strength and a headache severe enough to keep me from meditating, I laid back and let my thoughts wander . Memories and emotions that I had been bottling up and storing deep inside began to surface—memories and emotions of my friends and family back at Dicathen .
I had been trying so hard to keep myself busy, not even giving myself time to think of the painful memories of the life I had left behind . Watching the Granbehl family’s tragedy play out must have broken the dam I’d been unconsciously building to hold back these emotions . I was afraid there was a genuine possibility that the hopeless odds I faced if I ever wanted to see my family and friends again would overwhelm me entirely if I dwelled on them too often .
But what was even scarier was the fact that I felt myself slowly forgetting their faces and voices . Recognizing them wasn’t the problem, but being able to picture them in my mind...that was getting harder .
With my body slowly regenerating its aether reserves and the pain from backlash beginning to dull, I pushed away the faces of Ellie and my mother, frozen in my mind with expressions of grief and desperation .
Slowly getting up to my feet, I took out the dead relic I had stashed in my pocket, confirming with my own eyes that the once black stone was now a cloudy white crystal . Eager to see what its actual purpose was, I infused it with the meager remains of aether I had left .
Nothing happened .
‘Did you break it?’ Regis asked .
I don’t think so? I tucked the opaque crystal back in my pocket . We’ll have to explore this more later, when I don’t feel mostly dead .
Shifting my gaze, I noticed that a piece of cloth had been rolled up into a makeshift pillow for me . Needless emotions of attachment to these Alacryans that I had just met began to emerge, gripping my insides . Shaking my head, I asked the question I had been afraid to ask since waking up .
“Who’s alive?”
“Go check for yourself . They’re over there,” Regis grunted, pointing to his left with a pudgy paw . “Now if you’ll excuse me, I’m going to hide out in your body until I can absorb some aether on my own again . Don’t call for me unless you absolutely need to . ”

I raised a brow . “Would you even be useful in the state you’re in right now?”
“Oh shut up,” he snapped before disappearing back into my body .
Letting out a sigh, I looked around at the scorched remains of the mirror room . Just like the future I had seen within the keystone, the hall was painted in black and red with the fountain shattered and water spilled all around it . Many of the mirrors were broken, revealing the endless void that Kalon had fallen into .
The keystone...
I glanced around, but the cuboid relic was nowhere to be seen .
‘It crumbled to dust after you snapped out of your trance,’ Regis said .
Damn it! I had hoped perhaps there would be another opportunity for me to delve back into the keystone, another chance to build on the knowledge I’d gained . If that stupid kid wouldn’t have released the Vritra-blooded ascender—
I recoiled from the thought . That “stupid kid” had paid for his mistake with his life . Being mad at him now didn’t serve any purpose, and there was no taking back what had been done .
Unless...
The keystone had shown me a future where I could literally turn back to the time on death itself . I probed my mind for the god rune, and while I could feel it there, I couldn’t tell what it did .
Regardless, I had learned everything I was capable of understanding from the keystone . That’s why it pushed me out, I was sure . I would just have to try it out to see what it could do...
Despite the chaotic state of the room after our battle, it didn’t take long to find the others .
And like I had expected, the only two left were Haedrig and Ada . Haedrig was kneeling by the gruesome remains of Ezra’s deteriorated body . The sole remaining Granbehl sibling was lying on the ground near her mirror, which was thankfully still intact . The phantom was unbound, but she appeared to be unconscious .
The Ada in the mirror, the real Ada, was also lying on the ground, her entire body shaking with sobs .
She must have seen everything that happened, I realized with a jolt of horror . I thought of the battle at the Wall—how I had searched the battlefield in a panic, looking for my father, and how I had found him too late...
I reached out and touched the mirror, and suddenly I was able to hear her choked, manic sobs . “I’m sorry, Ada . ”
Let’s hope this works, I thought, but I hesitated before activating the new god rune . It felt so...final to activate it, to experience for real the result of my work in the keystone . Once I used it, I’d know exactly what it could do—and what it couldn’t .
Regardless, this needs to be done . I steeled myself, then directed aether into the god rune .
The familiar warmth radiated from my lower back along with a flood of knowledge into the specific edict of aevum gained through the keystone . Much like my flames of Destruction and God Step, the edict molded into what I was able to grasp, manifesting itself into a form that made sense to me .
Motes of purple began spreading from my hand, swirling around like a miniature galaxy . Ada looked up, confusion and surprise overtaking her desolation for just a moment, and she began to fade away, turning to pinkish mist that flowed out of the mirror and back into her body .
A thick blackish-purple smoke was expelled from her pores and sucked back into the mirror . The phantom manifested back in its prison, a look of pure hatred on its twisted copy of Ada’s face .
At my feet, Ada’s body twitched and her eyes snapped open . She scuttled backwards, away from the mirror, her eyes wide with fear . Haedrig leaned down and put his arms around her shoulders, causing her to scream .
“Shush now, Ada, it’s me, it’s only me . Shush now . ”
Drawing the bone-white dagger that had once belonged to Caera’s brother, I drove it handle first into the Ada mirror, shattering it and destroying the phantom forever .
When I turned back around, Ada had her head buried in Haedrig’s chest, her small frame quivering as she let out a wail so sorrowful that I just couldn’t bring myself to go closer .
These were Alacryans, the same people that had devastated Dicathen, who were responsible for the deaths of so many people that I knew and loved . I should be relishing in their misfortunes and misery .
So why? Why did my chest feel like it was being wrung like a soaked towel?
But then, it wasn’t just about them . The disappointment and regret I felt—the sense of loss at knowing what I’d failed to learn—gnawed at my insides, and I couldn’t help but wish I hadn’t seen the potential futures .

Although I’d unlocked a new god rune, it was clear now that I’d only managed to grasp a part of the intended whole . And with the keystone gone, and my affinity with aevum as weak as it was, I may never have the chance to learn it again .
“Aroa’s Requiem,” I whispered . The flood of knowledge I’d experienced had included this name-like signature imprinted in the spell itself . It was poetic and beautiful, but to me, it would only serve as a reminder of what the spell could’ve been .
A spell that could’ve saved Kalon, Ezra, and Riah—a spell that could’ve even brought my father back .
At least I saved Haedrig and Ada, I thought half-heartedly, trying and failing to see the silver lining in the future I’d ended up in . And I can release these trapped ascenders and keep going, keep trying .
I peeled my gaze away from the others, turning my attention to the countless intact mirrors still containing ascenders, most of whom were studying me with expressions of respect...and some even fear .
Leaving Haedrig to tend to Ada, I began searching for a specific mirror near the fountain . It didn’t take long to find the ascender who I had promised to free, and while it was riddled with chips and cracks, his mirror prison had remained intact .
“I’m a man of my word,” I said with my hand pressed against the cool glass . The ascender’s eyes widened in shock as the motes of aether swirled around my hand and began to mend the many cracks that marred the surface of the mirror . “Rest well,” I whispered as he faded away .
‘Thank you . ’
As the ascender completely vanished, I let out a deep breath . Stepping away from the mirror, I looked down at my palm . The few traces of the aetheric motes that continued to slowly orbit around my hand slowly dissipated, leaving me with a hollow feeling .
Unlike God Step or Destruction, this rune didn’t expend much of my aether reserves . Even with the limited amount of aether in my core, I was confident I could free all the remaining ascenders .
Still, despite this new ability that I had unlocked, I was left with a bitter aftertaste .
The keystone could’ve unlocked a deeper and more powerful insight into aevum, but because of my lack of comprehension, I was left with only a piece of the whole .
The least part of the whole...
Now that I fully understood the rune, I knew this ability could only affect inorganic objects like the mirrors .
‘On the bright side, with this ability you’ll be able to revert dead relics into actual, usable relics,’ Regis chimed .
I curled my fingers into a tight fist . You’re right .
Despite its limitations, the ability to revert time was something even Kezess Indrath couldn’t do, and while I wouldn’t be able to use it in battle—or to bring back those I had lost—that didn’t mean I couldn’t make full use of its utility . I just wished that I still had Dawn’s Ballad here with me now, so that I could revert the asura-forged sword to its pristine state .
I pulled out the once dead relic from my pocket to examine it again . The edges of the clear crystal were now glowing dully . Now that I had more of my strength back, I pushed more aether into the stone, but still nothing happened . It seemed like, rather than being activated by aether, the relic had some sort of recharge period before it could be used again . At least that’s what I hoped .
Making my way through the remaining mirrors, I continued exerting my newly acquired god rune to free the souls of the ascenders trapped within until the last one faded away, a disbelieving smile on her tired face .
The cold, white hall dimmed slightly and shifted to a warmer tone . In the distance, a translucent portal manifested within one of the empty mirrors, just like the image I had seen in one face of the dodecahedron .
It was only then that I realized that both Haedrig and Ada had been watching me .
“How—how are you feeling?” I asked hesitantly, looking at Ada .
The poor girl was barely able to muster a nod before she looked away, her swollen red eyes full of resentment .
I swallowed heavily before walking over to the two of them . Reaching into my pocket, I pulled out the simulet that Kalon had given me . “Here, you should take this . ”
Ada whipped her head back to face me, eyes alight with panic . “Y-you’re leaving us here?”
I shook my head . “You all ended up in this mess because I was with you . If you two go through the portal on your own, it should lead you to a sanctuary . ”
“You have no way to know that,” Ada said, her tear-lined face crumpling into a scowl .
“I don’t, but I do know that if you go with me to the next zone, it’ll be even more challenging than this one . ”

After a moment of hesitation, she reached for the simulet in my hand, but Haedrig intervened .
“I have no intention of going back up to the surface,” the green-haired ascender said gravely .
“You can’t be serious . ” I let out a scoff . “You almost died and you want to delve even deeper?”
“I almost died by you,” Haedrig corrected . “As I’ve already said, the Relictombs react differently to unique individuals . I expected something like this to happen . ”
“You expected this to happen?” Ada asked incredulously . “And you still brought us along? My brothers and best friend died!”
For once, Haedrig’s cool demeanor was nowhere to be seen, replaced by an expression of guilt . “I thought your eldest brother would be strong enough to—”
“Oh, so it’s Kalon’s fault that they all died?” Ada yelled, her hands clenched into quivering fists .
Haedrig winced . “That’s not what I—”
Ada withdrew her simulet from a hidden pocket and threw it at the green-haired ascender before stomping off toward the portal .
Haedrig followed, trying to go after her, but I caught him by the wrist and held him back .
Just before Ada stepped through the portal, she looked back at us over her shoulder, fresh tears lining her cheeks and her vivid green eyes sharper than daggers . “If the Relictombs don’t eat you two alive, Blood Granbehl will . ”
As the last of Ada’s blonde hair disappeared through the portal, I let go of Haedrig’s wrist .
“Was that wise, just letting her go like that?” Haedrig asked, clearly concerned . “Her blood is quite imposing, especially to an unnamed blood . ”
“Should I have killed her?” I inquired, raising a brow .
“Not kill...but at least we could have tried to talk it out . ”
“Her best friend and both her brothers were all butchered in front of her . I don’t think anything we could’ve said would have convinced her . Besides, it’s suspicious either way since our names are recorded . ”
“True,” Haedrig said after a pause . “Are you not worried?”
“I’m more worried about what the next zone will be, and you should be too,” I said as I tossed him my simulet . “Go back . ”
Haedrig shook his head, pushing the simulet back to me . “I want to go with you . ”
I shook my head, unable to believe his obstinacy . “Are you that eager to die, or are you expecting some sort of treasure vault at the end of this?”
“It shouldn’t matter to you what I want . Even you have to admit that I can be useful,” he said .
“And if there’s nothing you can eat or drink in the next zone?” I pushed .
Haedrig revealed a playful smile . “Are you worrying about me?”
I let out a deep breath before stuffing the simulet back in my pocket . “Do as you wish . Just don’t expect me to protect you . ”
“I never dreamed of it,” he said, leading the way to the portal .
With my aether reserves about a quarter replenished and the warm lights flickering as if to warn us to leave quickly, I followed after the mysterious green-haired ascender .
With the decision made, there was no reason to linger in the mirror room . We stepped through the translucent portal, together, Haedrig holding onto to the back of my teal cloak just a step behind me .
To keep me from trying to ditch him at the last second, I suppose, I thought . He really doesn’t want to be left behind, but why?
The thought was blown out of my mind as, immediately upon stepping through the portal, I was blasted by a gust of icy wind so sharp that I could barely keep my eyes open .
Unfazed by the drastic change in scenery, and with nothing in sight except a panorama of gray, I pulled out the crystalline relic again . While I didn’t know its full capabilities, I was sure it had some sort of navigational function .
Except this time, when I took out the crystalline relic, its glassy edges were once again fully opaque . Feeling instinctively that there was something off about this place, I turned back to Haedrig...
...only, instead of the shaggy, green-haired ascender, a familiar navy-haired girl with two piercing red eyes looked back at me .
I stumbled away from her, completely caught off guard, and she stared at me uncertainly .
“Caera?”

