 through the box once more. "Aha! How about this?"
I opened the small box she had given me to see a dull, silver band inside.
"This ring’s storage capacity is actually better than the gold ring I showed you before, but the smith that forged this insisted on leaving the ring in this plain state. This ring probably has enough space to fit your stick and a large luggage bag inside," she declared proudly, flashing me a very business-like smile.
I didn’t waste any time in my decision. "I’ll take it."
After haggling with the insistent woman, I managed to buy it for a handful of beast cores that I had picked up over that past year along with two hundred gold coins—and that was only because that was how much my ’father’ had given me.
My total savings now consisted of a few silver coins and the S class elderwood’s beast core that I had already partly used. I let out a deep, depressed sigh, reminiscing of the times when I could live happily with just a couple of copper coins back in Ashber Town. If Kaspian hadn’t given me the a hundred gold coins to use to ’take precautions with’ as I left, I wouldn’t have had enough to even afford one.
After slipping the ring into my right thumb, since it was too big for any of my other fingers, I willed mana into both the ring and my sword. Instantly, the black sword glowed and got sucked up into the ring. I did the same with my mask and coat that was inside my bag and proceeded towards the teleportation gate Jasmine and Elijah had gone through at the center of the town.





As I stepped into the teleportation gate, the familiar nauseating sensation hit me. I could never get used to the teleportation gate, despite the number of times I went through it; the feeling of being stuck in a space where I had no control just didn’t sit right with me.
Anxiously twiddling the dimension ring loosely dangling on my thumb as the blurred scenery zipped by, I couldn’t help but get a headache just thinking about how how careful I would have to be once school started; I bought the ring so my sword wouldn’t be in plain view. While I never used my teal-bladed sword as an adventurer, I did have it strapped to me in its dormant form at all times. I also caught Lucas eying it a few times with curiosity while we were in the dungeon together. If he saw it again on my person, it would be a dead giveaway.
Arriving at the other side of the gate in Xyrus, I heaved a big breath.
I was home.
Catching a carriage home, I passed by the Academy I would be attending. The premise was enormous and just looking at it from the outside, anyone could tell how much time and resources the Kingdom had put into this place. It seemed like its own separate world inside of the city, with various structures and landscapes changing throughout as I rode along the smooth roads.
"Sir, we have arrived at Helstea Manor." The driver got off and opened the door for me, tipping his hat as I stepped down gently, careful not to arouse my slumbering bond as I handed by driver a few copper coins. Taking one last look, I walked up the stairs I had become so familiar with.
I cradled Sylvie with one arm, feeling for the gentle expansion and retraction of her stomach to make sure she was just sleeping. Ever since her transformation, she had been fast asleep, filling me with unease. After prodding at my bond’s mind once more, I knew she was okay—just sleeping heavily.
I hadn’t even made it up the stairs when the large double doors flung open with a loud thud. In the center of the entranceway, a little girl stood with her hands resting on her hips like a scolding mother. On her face was an expression I couldn’t quite describe; she appeared to be scowling, but flashes of excitement and joy leaked through her obvious facade.
With the same half-scowl-half-delighted expression, she gracefully leaped down the flight of stairs and bludgeoned me in the gut with the crown of her head.
I quickly raised my arms to get Sylvie out of harm’s way, but I couldn’t save myself as the wind quickly escaped from my mouth.
For a moment, we were both silent as I gently stroked Ellie’s hair as her face remained buried in my chest.
"Welfom vack," she mumbled.
"Sorry?" I tried to pry my sister off me, but her arms squeezed harder around my waist in refusal to let go.
Ellie looked up with red, tear-filled eyes as she clung onto me like a baby koala. "I said welcome back, Big Brother."
"Thanks, Ellie. Good to be back," I replied with a smile. "Now how about you let me go?"
"That depends"—her almond-shaped eyes narrowed—"are you going to leave again?"
Letting out a chuckle, I shook my head. "No, I’m not."
"Then I’ll let go." Releasing me from her grasp, she quickly wiped away her tears with her sleeve. She looked at me once more, this time, with a more lively expression. "Come on, let’s go inside!"
She scurried back up the stairs, motioning for me to follow. As I trailed behind her, I couldn’t help but remember how much she’d grown from when I had first met her after coming back from the elven kingdom. Ellie should be about eight right now. Her birthday was a few months before mine so there was always a period where she’d only be three years younger than me. For most people, that wouldn’t matter, but for some odd reason, Ellie never failed to mention after her birthday that we were only three years apart.
As my train of thought shifted to her age and maturity, a sudden realization struck me like lightning. My sister, with her puppy-like eyes that shined brightly in a light sand color, and perky little nose that had become more defined as she lost more of her baby fat, was blossoming into a cute young lady.
This meant that, in a few years—if not sooner, boys would start gaining interest in her.
And when they started gaining interest in her, they’d begin making moves.
It’d start with little things like sharing lunches during snack-time at school. Then it’d escalate into holding hands.
Then, after getting comfortable, the cheeky bastard might try to sneak a quick peck on my sister’s cheek!
After the cheek, it’d...
Oh no.
My eyes widened in horror as my mind zipped through the future years of Ellie’s adolescence into full womanhood. I couldn’t help but imagine my poor baby sister getting flocked by testosterone-filled boys that only knew how to think with their endocrine system.
I shook my head, trying to dislodge the cancerous thoughts, vowing to myself that I would gladly carry out whatever torturous deed is necessary to any boy—with even a speck of filth in their degenerate minds—who dared to make a move on my sister.
"Arthur!"
The sound of my mother’s voice snapped me back to reality. She and my father came running forward, both with relieved and joyful expressions lined in their faces.
My father, whose body seemed to even be muscular despite his age, scooped me up with a bright grin.
"My boy!" he beamed. "You haven’t grown at all!"

"Your beard’s longer, old man. Trying to match the wrinkles on your face?" I smirked, wrapping my arm around my dad’s neck.
"Hey! That’s my husband you’re talking about!" my mother chided as my father put me back down. "Now come here."
My mother wrapped her arms around me in warm embrace. As she let me go, I could tell by her red eyes that she was trying her best to keep her tears back.
"Sorry for worrying you," I said, seeing the pain in her eyes.
Sniffing a sob back, she looked up and quickly wiped away a stray tear before smiling at me. "You take just after your father, you know that? Always getting into trouble, always worrying me. W-When the ring activated..."
She stopped talking as tears rolled down her cheeks. Still, her smile never went away as she chided me, her eyes peering at me with love and worry.
My father wrapped his arm around Mother’s shoulder, pulling her close. "Your mother couldn’t sleep for days after the ring activated. We both knew you wouldn’t have died that easily, but it couldn’t stop us from worrying."
"I’m sorry for worrying you," I repeated as my heart dropped to my stomach.
"Thankfully, the status on the masked swordsman, or Note, was updated at Guild Hall, saying that you and your party arrived at the branch near the Beast Glades," my father continued, tousling my hair with his free hand.
Ellie, who was hiding behind Father for some reason, took a peek out from behind him.
"I seem to cause nothing but concerns for you guys," I said with a wry smile before looking at my sister. "I’m sorry, Ellie, for being away so much and making Mom and Dad cry."
"I forgive you," Ellie sniffled, hiding behind our father again.
"It’s a parent’s job to worry for her children," my mother soothed. "Although, you seem to be fulfilling your end of the bargain a little too well."
My mother, taking a glance at my little sister, turned to me and whispered just loudly enough for everyone to hear, "And don’t worry about your sister. She was waiting by the window the whole day since your friend, Elijah, came in with Jasmine."
"Mom!" Ellie gasped. "That was supposed to be a secret!"
My little sister clung hard onto my mother, making her submit as we all laughed.
"I guess that’s my cue?" Elijah chimed in from the top of the stairs leading to the second floor. My newfound friend had been waiting for our little family reunion to end with Vincent and Tabitha.
"Took you long enough to get here. Did you decide to take a small tour before coming here?" Elijah joked as he hopped down the stairs.
"I wanted a break from your unsightly mug," I retorted, giving him a snide grin. "Where’s Jasmine, anyway?"
"She already went back with the Twin Horns," he answered, removing his glasses and wiping them with the end of his shirt.
Looking at the bespectacled young man, it was hard for me to recall how inexpressive and cold he appeared to be when I had first seen him in the testing grounds.
"Arthur Leywin! The prodigious son returns!" Vincent clasped my back, locking his arms around me with a tight bearhug.
"We’re glad you’re back safe, Arthur." Tabitha followed behind him, pulling me into a lavender-scented hug as well.
"Thank you," I smiled, dipping my head. "For everything, I mean. Taking care of my family and allowing us to stay—"
"Ah," Vincent interrupted with a finger held up. "You’re going to make this old man sad if you act so formal. Come now, I thought you had finally warmed up to us!"
"He’s right, you know," Tabitha joined in. "Please, Arthur, your family is a part of our family. No need to distance yourself with formalities. Just think of us as your aunt and uncle."
"You’re right," I smiled, stopping myself from apologizing once more.
At her words, I realized that there was one person absent from the Helstea Family. But before I could ask, Vincent caught my gaze and let out a chuckle.
"If you’re looking for Lily, she’s not here." Vincent had a wicked smile on his face while Tabitha rolled her eyes at him.
"Lily got accepted into Xyrus Academy. She started attending last fall after she turned twelve," Tabitha filled me in.
"Wow," I beamed. "So she’s really learning to be a mage! I’m glad!"
Tabitha nodded at this. "Yes. She really wanted to be here when you came back to tell you herself but unfortunately, spring semester started, so she’s stuck in the dorms until break."

"But it’s all thanks to you, Arthur! Never would’ve figured, after generations of nothing, that a mage would be born into the Helstea House! Now come—all of you—no need to stand around here when we have a perfectly good set of couches in the living room!"
After being herded into the next room over, we began discussing my time as an adventurer.
There were some details that I left out for my family’s sake—I exchanged glances with Elijah when I skipped the part where Lucas betrayed us—but other than that, I made sure to fill them in to the best of my ability.
My sister, who was sitting cross-legged on the couch across from me with Sylvie sleeping in her lap, was wide-eyed the entire time as I recalled the dungeon experience with Elijah. Her eyes practically sparkled at the fantasy-like fable, but it wasn’t just her that became enraptured by the story.
The audience couldn’t believe it when Elijah continued the story on for me and told them about how I had defeated the elderwood guardian. They refused to believe us until I finally pulled out the beast core. It was then that they were forced to swallow their doubts as they stared in awe at the dull green orb that was smaller than my fist.
"Speaking of core. Dad, what stage are you at?" I asked.
Giving me an embarrassed chuckle, he answered, "I’ve been stuck at the bottleneck of the dark orange stage since you left. No matter how much I meditate and purify mana, I can’t seem to break through."
"Perfect. Use this then." I tossed the core to my father, catching him by surprise. "I had to use a bit while I was healing but there should be enough in this beast core to help you break through."
Handling the small orb like it was made godsent, he shook his head with a frozen expression. "Son, I can’t. This is something you fought for with your life. I can’t just take this from you."
I was prepared to shove the orb down my father’s throat when my mother chimed in. "Honey, I’m sure Arthur isn’t giving this to you on a whim. If he wants you to have it, it’s for a good reason."
"Listen to your wife, Rey. The boy must have his reasons. You’re his father, for God’s sake. Get stronger, it’ll help me as well!" Vincent laughed.
Tabitha just chuckled at this. "Alice, your son brought quite the present."
"For the amount of worrying he caused me, I’m still weighing whether it was worth it!" my mother joked, exchanging a laugh with her friend.
"You have to catch up to me, Dad. You can’t let your son leave you in the dust, right?" I smirked, attracting confused gazes.
My father looked up at me. "Don’t tell me..."
"Yup"—I leaned back on the couch—"Light orange stage."
Vincent’s eyes practically bulged as his wife let out a sharp breath in awe.
"Sweet mother of—that’s just ridiculous," Vincent breathed out, shaking his head.
My family took the news a lot better, indicating that they were used to their monster of a son.
My father held up the elderwood’s beast core with a renewed fervor in his eyes. "Don’t cry when your old man beats you down the next time we duel, then."
"You’re on," I grinned back.
We shifted topics after a few more awestruck comments by Vincent and Tabitha.
The next order of things had to do with Elijah. He had told everyone about his background before I had arrived but left it at that. I explained to my family and the Helstea wife and husband that he was both a close friend and a benefactor who saved both Jasmine’s life and mine.
"How would you feel about sponsoring Elijah so he could attend Xyrus Academy with me?" I finally said.
’I’ll have to talk it over with Director Cynthia, if I can make that old woman squeeze in some time for me, but I don’t see why not!" Vincent answered with a grin. His eyes twinkled underneath his glasses as he studied the anxious Elijah. From the stories he’d heard today, there was no doubt that the inner businessman in him had flared in excitement.
Investing in future generations of mages was a large part of what rich folks did in order to maintain their power and status later on.
Vincent excused himself first, saying that he was going to write a letter to the Director of Xyrus Academy right now. My father went out into the backyard, saying he was going to start training immediately, so it was just my mother, Ellie, Elijah, Tabitha and myself left in the living room.
My mother and Tabitha took turns squeezing out more details from when I was adventuring before my mother insisted I have a checkup from her to make sure I didn’t have any lasting wounds.
I told her I was fine and that I’d put the glove she gave me to good use. She didn’t seem too happy about the fact that I had actually been in a situation where I had to use it on myself but she was just glad I was still in one piece.
I talked a bit more with my baby sister. She was curious as to why Sylvie changed appearance and why she was sleeping. After explaining that she was tired from the adventure, I realized how drained I was.
"Mom, Aunt Tabitha, I think I’m going to head up with Elijah as well. I’m a bit worn from the journey."
"Of course. Don’t forget to wash up before sleeping." My mother smiled at us as Elijah respectfully wished everyone a good night.

"Goodnight, Brother! Goodnight, Elijah!" my sister chimed, carefully handing me my bond.
After we excused ourselves, Elijah and I headed up to my room. "Elijah, you wash up first; I’m going to organize my things."
The maid brought the set of sleepwear I asked for and I absentmindedly walked into the bathroom to give it to Elijah.
"Hey! I’m naked!" Elijah yelped, snapping me out of my thoughts. My friend nearly slipped on the damp floor as he fumbled to cover himself.
"Relax, Princess. I can hardly make out your shape because of the steam," I lied as I left the bathroom.
With his black hair dripping on the floor, Elijah walked out of the bathroom, the set of pajamas I had given him and a small absorbent cloth draped over his shoulders.
"Dang. I didn’t realize how great a warm shower is," Elijah sighed, his eyes covered by his fogged-covered glasses. "Your turn."
Elijah was right, the hot water was pure bliss on my bare body. After quickly washing myself, I carefully cleaned Sylvie with the damp washcloth. I wasn’t sure if it was because she could sense that I was near her, but she didn’t stir at all from her sleep.
Laying side-by-side in the one large bed that occupied one side of the room, Elijah and I began talking.
"Is this line of pillows between us really necessary?" I asked, placing Sylvie on the pillow above my head.
"Shut up. It’s weird already that two boys are sleeping on the same bed," Elijah retorted, stacking more pillows between us.
I couldn’t help but realize that, in the mind of a twelve-year-old boy, being uncomfortable in this situation wasn’t odd.
"Would you have preferred that I was a girl?" I smirked, shifting in my side of the bed to get comfortable.
Elijah’s head popped up from the other side of the pillow wall. "Do you think we’ll learn a lot at Xyrus Academy?" Elijah asked, ignoring my snide remark.
"Who knows? I imagine it’ll be a little boring, no? Both of us are well above the skill level of the first years there."
"But there will be people from all those powerful families. I imagine there will be a few who are on my level, right? I’m really excited to learn how to start controlling my powers. I’m glad that Xyrus has a lot of famous mages to learn from," Elijah gushed, his face lit with excitement.
"Yeah. I think it’ll be useful learning more about lightning and ice attribute skills." I look down at my hands. These hands had grown a lot faster than I imagined. Just a few years ago, my hands were that of an infant. Just like my abilities, my body would continue to grow and mature. The thought of that, along with experiencing everything I couldn’t in my past life, filled me with excitement.
"Hey," Elijah called out, interrupting my train of thought. "Have you thought of what you’re going to do about Lucas?"
"Lucas has no idea who I am," I replied. "And until I’m confident that I can confront his whole family, I’ll have it stay that way for the time being. Training comes first."
"Well you know you can count me in. Lucas is probably going to have it out for me when he sees me but he doesn’t think too much of me," Elijah replied. "I still can’t believe that ass tried to sacrifice all of us so that he could escape."
"He is an ass," I agreed. "But we’re probably going to meet more people like him along the way, maybe even worse."
Elijah was silent for a moment, hidden behind the stack of pillows between us inside our dark room. Suddenly, his head popped up once more and he stared seriously at me.
"Hey, Arthur. Do you think I’ll find a girlfriend at Xyrus?"
Caught off guard, I let out a cough.
"Wow, your train of thought is really all over the place," I let out before breaking into a fit of laughter.
Even with only the dim, pale light of the moon lighting up our bedroom, I could Elijah’s face turn red.
"I’m being serious, you ass!" he exclaimed, smacking me with one of the many pillows between us.
"For such a serious-looking guy, you sure worry about normal things," I chuckled. "Don’t worry, I’m sure you’ll meet some black-haired girl with glasses. Then you two will get married and make cute little babies with black hair and glasses and live happily ever after."
"Do you think babies are born with glasses or something?" Elijah snorted. "Besides, I’m sure you won’t have any trouble getting the ladies with your disgustingly prince-like features."
"Am I smelling a hint of envy?" I joked.
"You’re smelling just a hint?"
"Meh, don’t worry. The girls our age just look like babies to me," I comforted. "I won’t take your thunder, my four-eyed friend. Until you find yourself a nice girl, focus on getting better control of your powers."
"You’re right," Elijah muttered from the other side of the bed. "Thanks."
"What was that?" I asked, not making what he whispered.
"Nothing, you ass. I hope you fall on your face while you sleep!" he snapped.
"Good night to you too," I grumbled, turning to my side.
My mind, which was once filled with various thoughts on the future, faded into a dull blur as sleep overtook me.





The dim ray of the rising sun managed to peek through a gap in the deep burgundy curtains right over my eyelids, waking me up rather pleasantly. Rubbing my crusted eyes, I took a moment to silently take in my surroundings. The Helstea Manor wasn’t built with attackers in mind, so the exposed stone walls were rather thin, instead, allowing for more windows. The room I had been occupying was large but hardly lavish, with only a large dresser to occupy the center of one wall and a desk situated in the corner of another. The only luxury I indulged myself in was the fact that I had my own private washroom, with a heated water supply—something I realized to be truly rare in this world.
Shifting my glance to the unabashed figure of Elijah sprawled out beside me in bed, I shook my head with a smirk. The pillow fort that my friend had insisted on at first had long gone out of trend. Whether it was due to the fact that he had become more comfortable with me, or because building a pillow wall every night seemed to be hassle, I never asked.
Carefully getting out of bed, I gently stroked Sylvie’s head, making her gingerly stretch out like a cat. My bond had ended up sleeping for four days straight before eventually awakening. She explained to me that changing forms like she had a few days before would put a bit of a toll on her body, which was the cause of her deep slumber.
Sylvie stirred awake for a few seconds before letting out a yawn and curling back beside my pillow. I walked over to the dresser, unhinging a thicker robe to wear over my sleepwear to fight against the frigid morning air that I had become unaccustomed to.
It was only a little past dawn so the manor that seemed to always be bustling with maids and my little sister was still very peaceful, with the only noises coming from the few cooks in the kitchen getting ready for the day. Not bothering to wash up, I made my way to the backyard where I felt fluctuations in mana. As expected, my father was busy training, absorbing the S class beast core I had retrieved from the dungeon.
Not wanting to disturb his training, I found a place to sit next to him and I began studying his aura. My father, Reynolds Leywin, ex-party member of the Twin Horns, was stuck at a bottleneck—unable to exceed past the dark orange stage.
Over the past few days I’d been back home, I had spent a lot of time overlooking the mana circulation in my father’s body, as well as Elijah’s.
As expected, Elijah’s mana veins, the veins responsible for absorbing mana from the surrounding atmosphere, were incredibly wide. My father, on the other hand, had much more developed mana channels, the arteries that allowed diverse distribution of mana throughout the body, since he was an augmenter. However, while its been developed to its limit, it was hardly exceptional.
"Ah! You’re up early today, son. Why didn’t you say anything?" My father got up, wiping the sweat off of his face and neck with a towel he had on his lap.
"I didn’t want to disturb your training, Dad. How are things going?" I got up as well and began stretching.
"It took a few days, but finally finished absorbing the rest of the beast core. For some reason, though, the core didn’t crumble." He handed the S class core back to me with a curious look on his face. Usually, after the purified mana stored inside the beast core is depleted, the beast core would crumble into fine dust.
Thinking it peculiar myself, I put it into my pocket to study later.
My father had been doing little else except eating and sleeping for an hour or so during the process of absorbing the beast core. At first, not much difference in levels could be felt, but looking at his aura now, I could see a noticeable change.

Noticing my inquisitive look, he shot me a smirk and tossed me his dirty towel. "Your father has now passed the dark orange stage into the solid orange stage."
I gave my father an exaggerated round of applause as he began flexing his muscles in demonstration of his accomplishments.
"Congrats, Dad. Now that you’re at solid orange stage, I think it’ll be okay to teach you something I’ve been messing around with." I tossed the towel onto a nearby chair.
Giving me a curious look, he beckoned for me to continue.
Focusing a tiny bit of mana into the palm of my right hand, I will a small flame to ignite. "Here is the most basic flame attribute technique you learn, Ember." I shoot the small flame from my palm toward the towel that was hanging off the nearby metal chair.
As expected, the small flame, by the time it reached its target, was so diluted that all it left was a tiny black soot mark in the middle of the white towel.
"If you’re talking about mana theory, it’s not anything new to me, son. For augmenters, since we produce mana from within our bodies, the farther the mana travels away from us, the more diluted and weaker it becomes."
"I wasn’t trying to demonstrate mana theory. That’ll be for next time, Dad." I wagged my finger at him, earning myself a hard thump on the head.
Rubbing my head, I willed another small portion of mana into the palm of my hand. I ignited another flame but whereas the first time the color of the flame was bright red, this one was orange. "Now watch, Dad." I shot the small flame, that was the same size as the previous flame, at the towel once more, but this time, it burned a small hole through the towel.
My father didn’t show much of a reaction. "Didn’t you just add more mana into the flame to make it stronger?"
Shaking my head, I explained. "If I added more mana, the flame would be bigger. Dad, did you notice the color of the flame?"
"Yeah, the color was a bit lighter—more orange." He scratched his head, trying to piece this puzzle together.
"That’s the key! What I did just now was a technique that is considered a high level spell used by conjurers." I grew excited as I began explaining it to him.

"You see, fire’s temperature—or more accurately—the rate of combustion, depends on a mix of different things: the amount of oxygen in the atmosphere, thermal radiation, the type of fuel being burned, the oxidation of the fuel and so on. The so-called ’fuel’ being burned, in this case, is fire attribute mana. What I discovered while playing around with it is how versatile this ’fuel’ can be. That orange flame, Dad, was a flame much hotter than the previous one, making it even stronger." I stopped to take a breath.
My father shoots me an expression as if I had just talked to him in Hebrew but he seemed to have understood the last portion of my explanation. "So what you’re saying is that, by using the same amount of mana, I can produce an even hotter flame for my techniques?" He fiddled with his beard while pondering.
"Exactly! Watch, it can go even further." I demonstrated again, this time producing a yellow flame, which left an even bigger hole in the towel, with the ridges still aflame.
I didn’t stop there. The last demonstration took a bit more time, since I had to manipulate, very carefully, the fire attribute mana in my palm. After a couple of minutes, I produced a dim blue flame, which made my father’s eyes go wide. Upon throwing the blue flame at the towel, the towel instantly combusted and the fire spread rapidly, eating away at the towel until only ashes were left.
"Are you sure you’re my son?" My father gave me a suspicious eye before smiling.
Smiling back, I replied, "I must’ve gotten Mom’s brain, right?"
Just then, Elijah walked in, his hair a bird’s nest and his glasses crooked. He cast a drowsy glance toward us, taking in the sight of me clinched in a headlock by my father who was squeezing hard at my nose as I tapped in resignation.
"What are you guys doing?" he said as he yawned, rubbing his eyes.
"Training." We replied in unison, my voice coming out nasally through my pinched nose.
I gave my father a few key pointers in controlling the structure of his flame attribute mana so he could produce higher-level flames. Changing the structure of the attribute mana was basically the essence of chanting a spell. Using vocal incantations could condition the brain to change the structure of the mana in the atmosphere to create a spell.
While settling into a meditative position, my father asked, "Son, why did I have to achieve solid orange stage in order to learn this though?"
"The higher your mana core stage, not only do you have a larger pool of mana to draw from, the purified mana inside of you becomes higher quality, so you can have more control over the miniscule properties of it," I clarified, turning my focus unto Elijah.
Nodding in understanding, my father resumed his training, holding his right palm up and willing mana into it.

Elijah’s training was a bit slower. What I realized with Elijah was that his control over his main element, Earth, was unstable, metal even more. It wasn’t so much as a problem with mana manipulation of earth attribute mana, but more so the quantity. Elijah’s lack of control over the strength of his power made it so he couldn’t make precise and coordinated spells.
One thing that continued to baffle me about Elijah’s magic was how unfair it was. Earth was powerful, yet limited in the sense that conjurers and augmenters alike could only make do with the earth that was accessible to them. Most of the time, that wasn’t a problem, but it still gave a certain amount of predictability in the attacks that earth mages used.
Elijah, on the other hand, seemed to have the ability to change the structure of molecules and change them into earth. The closest thing I could think of that may explain it was something akin to alchemy. Elijah, for example, could summon earth spikes from trees and buildings made of wood. A limitation is that he wasn’t able to conjure earth spells from water or thin air, but his capability to so easily change the structure of earth and its properties was frightening, even to me.
When I thought about the possibilities of how his powers could be used, I thought of the spell, Petrification. When normal earth conjurers used the petrification spell, it was actually just using the surrounding earth to form around the target, "petrifying" him. Elijah, on the other hand, if he became adept enough, could literally change a human into stone.
I shook my head to dismiss my frightening thoughts. At this point, I was just glad that Elijah was a friend, not a foe.
Elijah’s training consisted of playing around with a small ball of earth. He had practiced doing different things with the small ball of earth: rotating it really fast, changing the shape of it, expanding it, condensing it, splitting it into different pieces, etc. This way, he could train both his mana control and shorten his incantations by learning the so-called "theory" of how the spells worked.
As my father and friend concentrated on their training, I headed back to my room, leaving the two of them alone. I couldn’t help but smile at the sight of my bond sleeping so defenselessly on my pillow. She was most likely still recovering from her transformation, observing the amount of time she still spent sleeping; fortunately, these periods of slumber had been getting shorter.
Sitting on the edge of the bed, I took out the beast core my father had returned to me, probing it with a string of mana. The mana inside had been depleted so I was curious as to why it hadn’t dissolved. However, upon probing a bit deeper, a sharp pain in my left arm made me drop the beast core.
"What the hell?" I rubbed the rune on my arm that I had always covered underneath Sylvia’s feather. Carefully picking up the beast core again, I probed it once more, even more intrigued than before. Suddenly, inside the vast black space of the beast core that I was studying, the shadowed figure of the elderwood guardian that I almost lost my life to appeared, bowing at me with its lance pointed directly upward.
"A beast will!" I trembled in excitement as I clutched harder at the invaluable prize I had obtained from the dungeon. What would happen if I were to integrate with two beasts? Was that possible? Would I then have two? Or would this one replace my Dragon’s Will?
While I was thinking of these things, a sudden feeling interrupted me. It wasn’t as intimate as the mental transmissions I had with Sylvie, but a primitive form of communication. Realizing that it was from the will of the elderwood guardian, I injected more mana into the beast core, hoping it would somehow allow me to have a better connection with it.
"I see," I muttered aloud. A feeling of disappointment washed over me as I let go of the beast core. From what the elderwood guardian was trying to express, if I were to try and absorb this beast’s will, only the stronger of the two would end up being left. It made sense, but what I didn’t understand was, why wasn’t my father able to absorb the beast’s will?
I realized the answer almost immediately after remembering what Grandpa Virion, that crazy old elf, taught me a few years back. There was the matter of compatibility between the beast’s element and the mage’s element attribute.
I couldn’t help but let out a small smile knowing who to give this to.
’Good morning, Papa! Why are you smiling?’ Sylvie cuddled up on my lap and let out a purr as I stroked her fur-like scales.
"I’m just thinking of how fun school is going to be," I answered.
"Brother! Wake ...oh!" My sister slammed the door open but after seeing me awake, she just stood by the door.
Walking up, I patted my sister’s small head with a smile. "Let’s go eat!"





"Whew." Wiping the sweat off my body with a towel I then hung nearby, I put my robe back on. I stood on the backyard patio with only the full moon illuminating the area. Sylvie was curled up beside me, her now white fur heaving up and down, matching the pace of her breathing.
With everyone else asleep, I had the peace of training to my heart’s content. These past few weeks, I’d been doing little outside of training myself as well as helping the growth of Elijah and my father, with a few pointers for my baby sister as well.
Ellie hasn’t been training much but her progress was still pretty decent. I predicted that she’d awaken around eleven if she kept at her pace, maybe even ten if she actually started trying more. I found it oddly satisfying when I watched my sister play with the friends she had made at the School for Ladies, a small class of noble young girls gathered together to be taught etiquette and basic household skills. Early on, I learned that this general population believed that "proper" and "refined" ladies should have both the manners and grace of a queen, while still being able to cook and sew for her husband.
In the world I lived before, women worked just as much as men, and the whole "women should stay at home" saying became taboo, often incurring the wrath of many females and other males alike if said aloud.
However, the things Ellie learned in school seemed to only be reserved for the public, because though Ellie was asleep now, she’d made a fuss beforehand, saying she wouldn’t go to bed if I didn’t stay with her until she fell asleep.
I couldn’t help but chuckle when I compared that spoiled behavior to the refined, graceful façade she’d put on in front of her friends, acting all lady-like and whatnot. I’d almost burst out laughing when she addressed me as "dear honorable brother" in front of the couple of girls her age at her tea party.
My sister’s birthday was coming up soon and I could tell she was eagerly wondering what present I would give her. Knowing her, she would probably love whatever I gave her as long as I gave it some thought, but with my personality, I wanted to give her something functional as well. The problem was, I was out of money. This blasted dimension ring costed me all the gold I earned as an adventurer.
I thought a little bit about what I could do to earn money when something came to mind. One obvious advantage I had was the fact that my mind contained ideas and inventions that hadn’t been developed in this world yet.

With a satisfied grin on my face, I turned back to training. There were two things I was focusing on outside of developing my mana core, which I estimated would reach dark yellow stage by the time school started in autumn. One was training heavily on my lightning and ice attribute skills, which were by far my strongest assets.
I decided I’d keep my fire, water, lightning and ice skills a secret during my stay at Xyrus Academy. Being an adept dual-elemental augmenter was the most attention I would want during my years there, and since Lucas had only seen me use fire elemental skills during the dungeon excursion and at the testing grounds, it’d be even harder for him to fit the pieces together if I only used earth and wind magic. If I purposely didn’t train my earth and wind magic at all until I entered the academy, it’d be more than enough to pass off myself as a mere ’talented genius’ that wouldn’t raise too many eyebrows.
I opened one of the books I brought with me from the library. I managed to find some of the limited books on deviation skills, containing a few segments on lightning and ice. It seemed that, for lightning, there were two main methods that augmenters opted to. One was internal, and the other was external. Because of the unique properties of lightning compared to other elements and their deviants, there were some individuals who focused on using internal lightning skills, which was stated as much more difficult.
Thunderclap Impulse was one of the internal lightning techniques that I had developed, which could be seen as the stepping stone into much more powerful skills. The book only went on to say that, for internal lightning users, most reached a ceiling quite early on before ultimately switching to external techniques. This meant that internal lightning skills hadn’t been developed enough for people to actually find advantages in it.
This was also the route that I chose to go. While I would have some external lightning skills under my belt, I knew from experience just how much more powerful internal skills were compared to the external counterparts. Of course, it may not be as flashy but what I wanted wasn’t a dazzling light show—I wanted absolute power. It’d take time and patience to develop but I already knew the rewards would be tremendous as I imagined the levels above just using a small current of lightning to quicken my reaction.
As for my ice elemental skills, I wanted to focus on a wide range skills to fight against multiple opponents. The combination skill of White Fire and Absolute Zero was my strongest skill, which I could only use under the massive power-up I got from the second phase of my Dragon’s Will, Integrate. I imagined that, for now, even if I had the technique and theory down for either lightning or ice, I’d need to be in the Integrate phase if I wanted to use the more powerful skills.
I couldn’t help but grow a little impatient at this fact but there wasn’t much I could do now except train. I had so many advantages but I was still dissatisfied with the level of power I had. I could say with confidence that, if I were to fight against the former me from my old world, I would win. The amount of mana in this world and the fact that I had Dragon’s Will alongside mana rotation, I could easily overpower my previous self. However, the world I was in was filled with dangers much greater than the dangers in my old world, so growing complacent would end up being detrimental.
I picked up the other book that I brought, which was on beast wills. I’d already read it once so I skipped to the part on training it, which made me sigh in helplessness. I saw this coming, but I couldn’t help but grow disheartened when I read it the first time. It seemed that the best way to train the beast will acquired was being taught by the beast itself. The only other alternative mentioned was to study thoroughly about the beast itself so the beast tamer could learn and practice the traits of the beast.
Option one was obviously out of the question, seeing as Sylvia either died or become hostage to whatever being that black-horned figure was. Option two had its limit as well. The fact that I could even use one of the ’acquire’ skills and even go into Integrate phase was because of the perks in being a Legacy Tamer, where a certain amount of insight came alongside the Will. Even for a dragon, she seemed so unique; I couldn’t even imagine what sort of powers she had. I wished she had left me some clues as to what some of her powers were before everything happened.

"Snap out of it!" I said aloud while smacking both of my cheeks. Bringing myself down on what I didn’t have wasn’t going to solve anything.
Besides training my lightning and ice attribute magic, the other skill I wanted to learn was magic cancellation.
The theory was that elemental attribute mana was manipulated, whether through the form of a spell or through extensive knowledge of the skill, into the projected destination or into the caster’s own body. Speaking very technically, these mana particles were basically coded to affect either the atmosphere or the specific target to produce a certain outcome. There was a very small delay from when the mage casted the coded mana particles and when those particles had an effect and formed the spell.
During that delay, if I was able to potentially disrupt those mana particles with mana of my own, I would be able to discreetly terminate the spell without it even forming.
While in theory that sounded amazing, there were several problems. One, in order for this to even work, I would have to know what spell the opponent was using. That wasn’t a problem when the conjurer or even the augmenter chanted the spell, but in cases of mental chanting, or even instacasting, I would have to know what the spell was by the makeup of the mana during the near split-second the manipulated mana particles were cast before it took effect and formed a spell.
This required learning a tremendous amount of spells and figuring out which skills could effectively cancel them out. Just thinking about that left me with a headache. Most spells could be figured out with magic theory but being able to almost instantly think of the correct spell to counteract the opponent’s meant I needed to know it by heart. However, I knew that mastering this skill would be a priceless asset, especially for someone like me, who was able to manipulate all four elements.
I picked up my books and towel with one hand and picked up Sylvie with the other and headed back up to my room. Vincent offered another room for Elijah but my parents wouldn’t allow it since he was a Leywin guest, which meant he should just stay in one of our rooms. As a compromise, I asked them to just bring in another bed for Elijah, since the room was more than spacious enough.
Returning back to my room, Elijah was already fast asleep, straight on his back with his arms folded on his chest, as if he was lying in a coffin.
Even when he slept, he looked like such a straight and proper fellow. Elijah was a good friend and it helped that our personalities complimented each other. Elijah was pretty peculiar. Despite his straight-laced, stern appearance—mainly due to the hair and glasses—he was a very emotional lad. He was logical in a way where he had set principles that he never strayed from, making him very honest and trustworthy, but when it came to people and relationships, he often thought with his ’heart,’ leaving him quite vulnerable if people chose to take advantage of him.
As for me, whether it was because I lived and remember my previous life, I could only see myself as analytical and somewhat scheming. I had to admit that I had a hard time trusting people completely and always tried to think a couple steps ahead. I somewhat regretted the lack of innocence I had compared to normal eleven-year-olds, but one thing I had grown to realize was that, when it came to the few close relationships I did have, I would become very invested in them, almost to a fault. Did it have something to do with being an orphan in my previous life? Because the only close person I had was the caretaker that picked me up and was later killed?
Even as a King, I couldn’t say with confidence that I had been the most mature, and in many aspects. I would even say I wasn’t very King-like, but one thing that I couldn’t change was the amount of importance I had to those I held dearly.
After taking a quick shower, I sunk into bed, causing Sylvie to stir in her sleep. She cuddled by me and started breathing steadily again, and the slow rhythm of her breaths lulled me to sleep.





"Brother wake up!!!!"
"Oof!" I groaned, the wind forcefully expelled out of my lungs as my sister jumped on top of me.
Rubbing my sore sternum, I gasped out, "Ellie, you’re not a little kid anymore. You’re going to seriously hurt me one day."
"Are you calling me fat, Brother?" Ellie feigned a gasp.
"Extremely," I added, tossing her off of me. My little sister let out surprised squeal as I tickled her.
This little rascal, only learning useless things at that school for proper ladies or whatnot.
After a tear-filled surrender by my sister, I turned to see Elijah already showered and clothed, his glasses still clouded from the steam. "I swear, you sleep like a log, Art. Your wife is going to seriously have to use spells to wake you up when you get older."
"Shaddup," I slurred, too tired to make a witty comeback.
After quickly washing my face and fixing my hair to a barely-presentable degree, the four of us, with Sylvie on top of my head, headed downstairs.
’I wonder what’s for breakfast. I hope it’s meeeaaat,’ Sylv pondered excitedly, her little fox head swaying side to side in anticipation.
"Good morning, you four! You guys are just in time," my mother called out to us from the kitchen as the maids were preparing the table. Even though there were cooks in the manor, my mother found it imperative to at least prepare breakfast for us. So, as Tabitha helped her with the meal, the maids set the table and cleaned up afterwards.
After I came back, my family, as well as Vincent and Tabitha, both noticed the apparent change in appearance of Sylvie. I tried playing it off as her naturally transforming after digesting a lot of beast cores, but I had the sense that my parents and the Helsteas knew Sylvie wasn’t just your average mana beast; hell, I’d sometimes catch them talking to her like she was a human.
"Good morning, boys—and good morning, my little princess. Did you guys sleep well?" My father, who was talking to Vincent, turned to us, giving my struggling sister a bearded kiss on her cheek.

"Ew, Dad! That tickles!" She pushed him away, wiping the spot she was kissed.
"Did you guys sleep well?" Vincent asked, half-smirking as he watched my father dote on Ellie.
"Good morning Aunt Leywin, Aunt Tabitha, Uncle Vincent and Uncle Reynolds," Elijah announced before he sat down next to me. He’d stopped calling my parents "Lord" and "Lady" as he got closer to them, eventually calling everyone either "Aunt" or "Uncle."
After saying good morning to everyone, I got back to my seat and started eating a ham and vegetable omelet with a very light soup.
While eating, my father suddenly spoke up with a mouth full of eggs. "That reminds me. Kids, if you don’t have any plans, do you want to go with us to City Square? There’s a big announcement in the Capital City of Etistin where the King and Queen reside but a couple of artificers are going to put up a live projection of the broadcast in City Square."
"Honey, please don’t talk with your mouth full," my mother gently scolded before getting back to her conversation with Tabitha regarding the latest rumors on some mutual acquaintances. It seemed like she was getting along quite well with the noble ladies of Xyrus, seeing as the both of them often go out to brunch meetings and afternoon shopping trips.
"Sounds good. Elijah and I don’t have anything planned today anyways, right?" I turned to my friend who was wolfing down his second omelet. He shot me a thumbs up—his cheeks filled with food.
"I wanna go too! Can I, Mom?" Ellie leaned forward on the table towards my mother.
"You have school today, Ellie. You can hang out with your brother after," she answered, nudging my pouting sister back down into her chair.
"Uncle Vincent. I remember you mentioned something about how you were going to visit a famous researcher that has a lab in Xyrus. Do you mind introducing me to him after we watch the announcement today?" I said in between bites of food.
"Ah, you mean Gideon? Has he caught your interest? He’s not just a researcher but a well-known inventor and artificer as well! He’s the one responsible for designing the ships we use for rivers as well as a few other well-used artifacts! I do have some business with him anyway so it wouldn’t be a problem taking you. Was there something specific you needed from him?" he quizzed, the intelligent eyes behind his glasses shining with curiosity.
"Not something I need, but more of something to discuss. I thought he would find it valuable." My vague answer caught his interest all the more.
"Well, he’s not the type to meet new people but I’m sure I can get him to pop his head out of his hole if I’m with you," he nodded to himself.

"Great! Looking forward to it." I focused back on my empty plate. Looking down, I caught Sylvie scarfing down the last of my omelette.
______________________________________________
The City Square, which was usually bustling with a lot of activity, was abnormally packed with both normal civilians and nobles alike. On the side of the large clock tower, there were four orbs creating a square while underneath these floating orbs, there were two artificers with their brown robes. The less-than-attractive clothing signified that they didn’t do their work for glory and fame, but it didn’t keep the mages from chanting with unnecessarily grand gestures, hands waving as if they were conducting a symphony.
Sylvie was fidgeting on top of my head, taking in all the sights and the huge crowd of people gathered. It was only Elijah, my father and Vincent that came with me, as the women in the house had other plans.
As more and more people gathered, a crackled image began forming with the four glowing orbs as its corners. Suddenly, the fuzzy image became clearer, the mirage of colors forming into the image of the Glayder Castle.
"The three Kings and Queens of the different countries in our beloved Continent of Dicathen have gathered here on this memorable day!"
I see a very fancily-dressed man with a thick grey beard announce to an audience that looked to be in the hundreds of thousands, judging by the space the people took up.
"Attention Humans, Elves, and Dwarves alike, I go by Blaine Glayder. While most of you know me as the King of Sapin, today I speak not as the King of Humans, but as one of the representative of the Continent of Dicathen!"
The hundreds of thousands of people all kneeled, some going on all fours in worship at the sight of the King. The blurry projection becomes clearer and zoomed in closer to the balcony of the Castle. There, I could see the King of Sapin in the front with the Queen of Sapin, Priscilla Glayder, seated behind him alongside a few other important-looking figures. My eyes widened as I spotted Alduin and Merial Eralith, the King and Queen of Elenoir, with Grandpa Virion standing behind them with his arms crossed and his white hair tied neatly behind his pointed ears. Beside them are two representatives of the Dwarves, both lavished in extravagant clothing much too large for their compact figures; I assumed that they were the king and queen.
"Today marks the beginning of a new era in this Continent we call our home. I assume many of you are aware of the existing problems between the Humans and the Elves while even the Dwarves were considered just business partners. However, that is not the way we wish to continue. The representatives of all three kingdoms—your leaders—have met together many times over these past few years in an effort to unite our races. Two years ago, we had agreed for all three races to be able to become adventurers. It started out with just one or two representatives, but now it has expanded. It brings me a smile when I see parties with humans, elves, and dwarves alike, working together towards a common goal. Last year marked another big milestone where Xyrus Academy welcomed students from the Kingdom of Elenoir and the Kingdom of Darv so that the new generation of mages can make friends and memories with not just humans, but all three races. We all understand how difficult it may be for some of us to adjust after constant enmity between us. However, we urge you to let go of the past and the discriminations you may hold, and think beyond that, if not for yourself, but for your children and the future of this continent."
There was another big round of applause with a roar of worship and adoration accompanying it. King Glayder sat down and Alduin Eralith, the King of Elenoir and Tessia’s father, got up from his seat and cleared his throat before speaking into this world’s version of what seemed to be a microphone.
"It is an honor to speak on behalf of everyone here on this unforgettable day. As King Glayder so adamantly stated, I am also in agreement about the future of our continent. For some people, this may not hold much interest but for many who yearn for adventure and new places to visit, I can wholeheartedly say that this continent is filled with many unknowns. An obvious example is the very Beast Glades residing just beyond our borders. While an uncountable number of adventurers have ventured out into the Beast Glades, it is not an exaggeration to say that not even half of it has been traversed. While the mana beasts have not left the Beast Glades, who is to say that just because they haven’t yet, they never will? Even in our own homeland of Dicathen, there are places so dangerous, no one dares to explore, but what if I were to say that even greater mysteries and dangers are out there?"
King Eralith paused for a brief moment while the crowd in Etistin and the crowd here in the City Square of Xyrus filled with the sound of murmurs.

"That’s right! You have not heard wrong, fellow citizens of Dicathen. We are announcing today, February 10th of the 1005th Cycle, that we have found evidence of another continent."
The crowds erupted into a clamor of noises, some angry, some afraid, but everyone curious. Even my own hands shook in excitement as my father and Vincent looked at each other in shock.
"Please. We ourselves don’t know very much, so your guess is as good as ours. What we do know is that, out there—possibly within reach in a few years’ time—is another continent that may or may not be hostile. There have been evidence of them trying to reach us as well, but on both sides, it seems that our current technology does not permit us to travel that far."
The crowd shown in the Capital was in chaos until the dwarven king rose from his chair and trotted towards the microphone.
"QUIETTTTT!!!"
The dwarven king roared into the voice-enhancing artifact.
"As Alduin said, we don’t know much. However, in these times of uncertainty and possible threats in the future, wouldn’t you guys all agree that standing beside one another is what’s best for this continent and our people? Your children can be in danger as well. The last thing we want is to fight amongst ourselves. Our appearances may be different and our cultures may clash, but remember this...we are all born in this continent of Dicathen. I for one am proud of that and hope that future generations will feel the same way. What about you?"
The crowd remained silent at first but a couple of claps triggered a huge boom of applause as cheers and whistles broke out. The Dwarf King wasn’t as eloquent in his words as the two previous kings that spoke, but his words had a very strong impact. Even Elijah next to me was clapping excitedly as Sylvie continued to watch the screen in curiosity.
"The process of joining our three races and kingdoms will take time and much effort, but today, we will be anointing six individuals—individuals that we, the three kings and queens, believe to be the most courageous, tactful, smart and powerful."
From the back of the podium, six warriors came out: two elves, two humans and two dwarves. Clad in refined white armor that varied slightly for each person, they walked up and knelt down on one knee.
The three kings each made their way in front of the six kneeling knights and took out from a small ornamental box, six rings. King Glayder of the humans presented the rings to the two elf knights while the Dwarf King presented it to the two human knights. Finally, King Alduin of the Elves placed the rings on the two Dwarf knights, stating that they stand and bow to the crowd. As the cheers exploded, King Glayder went up and spoke once more.
"These six individuals will henceforth be granted the title of the Six Lances. Each Lance signifies the ties they hold not to their Kingdom, but to the entire Continent. This is a truly historical moment as the first Lances have been anointed. These six individuals’ main goal will be towards the well-being of the Continent, whether that be exploring dangerous and unknown dungeons in the Beast Glades, as well as working alongside us, the rulers of this Continent, to ensure that our home is protected when the time comes that we are met with foreign hostilities from a different Continent."
Once more, the crowd roared as many began throwing flowers and the hats that they were wearing up in the air. As the crowd in Xyrus began clamoring in excitement, I couldn’t help but think to myself. I knew that such theories as herd mentality or crowd psychology hadn’t been defined in this world, but the leaders of our country knew exactly how to exploit the emotions of the mass.
"Lastly, while the title of being one of the Six Lances may be prestigious and comparable to even ourselves as kings and queens, this title also brings upon a great burden and danger. Children of the new generation that seek to become the future protectors of this Continent, strive to be one of the Six Lances! Grow strong and noble as not even the heavens are the limit!"
With that, the four orbs making up the corners of the projection floated down as the image of the announcement faded. The last thing we heard were the chants of, "Long live the King, long live Dicathen!"
Beside me, I heard Elijah muttering to himself, "Wow... the Six Lances... That sounds awesome." The children within the crowd already started play-acting the scene of the anointment, shouting with their friends that they too have become one of the Six Lances and are going to go out and fight evil.
A part of me wanted to be excited as well. Hell, I was excited! The prospect of a new continent to explore with different people and maybe even different races intrigued me to no end. However, I was quite cynical of this whole thing. Sure, the points they made were quite valid, but in the end, they were just baselessly making this new continent the common enemy so that all of the races of Dicathen could unite. It was an old tool used by many kings, but an effective one that worked.
Still... my heart as, not just a king, but a warrior and mage thirsting for adventure and excitement, thumped harder and harder.
"Not even the heavens are the limit," I repeated under my breath.





As we plowed our way through the crowds in City Square, I overheard various conversations about the Lances. These Six Lances were more than just a group of overpowered mages; they would soon become the very symbol of this continent. Composed of two lances for each race, they were impartial towards all humans, elves, and dwarves. I had to hand it to the three royal families for coming up with such a bold plan. With such a glorified incentive—or rather, goal—I wouldn’t be surprised if this stirred up a new era of mages.
It was fairly obvious that the kings purposely put a bad light on this new continent so that this mysterious potential common enemy would become the reason for the three races to unite. Looking at it logically, there could be great advantages, such as trading raw material, knowledge on magic and artifacts, and different technology, but this could also potentially create a competition between the humans, elves and dwarves—each of them trying to get to the new continent first to claim the new resources. While this propaganda-esque manipulation didn’t quite sit well with me, it beat the consequences of going with the latter choice.
My father stepped into the carriage, waiting for us at the edge of City Square, instructing the driver to first take him to the Helstea Auction House.
"I have a few things to take care of so I’ll meet you guys back home later tonight. Don’t cause too much trouble, Son." My father gently gripped my arm and patted Sylvie, who was on top of my head.
At the sight of my father’s carriage leaving our view, Vincent beckoned for a public carriage with a wave of his hand. Finally, an unpainted, wooden carriage pulled by two horses stopped for us with the driver tipping his hat as a silent introduction.
"Please take us to Gideon’s facility," Vincent prompted, directing the driver to our next destination. About thirty minutes into the drive, the scenery shifted from tall buildings into small houses with signboards reading "Artifacts" and "Elixirs" on many of them.
I stared out the carriage window, making a mental note of stores that I would want to visit later on, until Vincent’s voice stirred me out of my daze. "We’re at the part of the city where all of the artificers gather. You’ll see a lot of neat gadgets and other useful aids for mages if you guys want to check it out sometime."
This had sparked Elijah’s interest, apparently, because he asked the driver to stop at the nearest artifact store. "I’m going to look around for a bit and see if I can find anything worth buying," he informed before excitedly stepping out.
’Sylv, go with Elijah while I visit Gideon with Uncle Vincent,’ I transmitted to Sylvie, who was on my lap. Tilting her fox-like head, she gave me a curious look but didn’t complain, hopping out of the carriage after Elijah; I might be just overthinking, but I didn’t want a genius researcher like Gideon eyeing Sylvie.
"Do you have any money?!" I shouted out at him from inside the carriage as we leave him, realizing that normal twelve-year-old boys shouldn’t have that much money.
"Unlike someone, I’ve been saving the money we earned from the dungeon!" He patted his chest pocket and shot me a smug grin.
"Well, no need to kiss and tell," I shrugged, leaning back in the carriage seat.
About an hour later, after we passed through the densest part of the city, we arrived at a fairly large building. This building was a single story but was quite large in width, which was rare to see in a clustered city like Xyrus.
"We’re here!" the driver announced as he opened the door for us.
Hopping out of the carriage after Vincent, we made our way to the unadorned front door. After a few firm knocks, an old man with a handlebar mustache and dressed as a butler appeared, not opening the door completely.
"Greetings. Master Gideon is not—ah, hello, Master Vincent, please come in," he greeted, motioning us inside. Judging by the stern expression the butler had for a split second before realizing who we were, I’d have to guess that this Gideon person wasn’t very welcoming of guests.
As we stepped inside, a foul mixture of metal, herbs, and rotting material bombarded my nose. While the exterior of the facility was hardly grandiose, the inside was even less appealing to look at. The whole place was a mess with tools scattered with no order, piles of discarded clothes and other miscellaneous items littered across the floor, and rather intriguing and unfamiliar raw materials stacked high atop shelves. There were also microscopes and other tools that appeared vaguely familiar to the ones in my old world.
"Himes! I told you not to let anyone—Oh, it’s you, Vincent. I see you’ve come to bother me again." From the dim corner of a back room, a very short, hunched man made his way over.

Taking a closer look at the supposed genius inventor/researcher/artificer, I could say for certain that he definitely looked the part. His curly hair that looked like it’s been struck by lightning more than once complimented the beady eyes with dark bags under them. His complexion was pale and he had a pair of goggles hanging on his neck paired with a dirty lab coat.
"Haha! As welcoming as ever, Gideon." Vincent shook his head, giving his acquaintance a helpless smile and handshake.
"Bah! Don’t even start! This past year, the Royal Families sent in over a dozen messengers asking for a way to start traversing the ocean to reach the new continent! I haven’t had a chance for a decent sleep in months!" The hunched eccentric flailed his arms in disgust as he started pacing around.
"Is it really true that they found evidence of another continent, Gideon?" Vincent asked quietly, leaning closer to the inventor.
"Hoho! That, my lad, is actually a truth those snobby Royal Families are telling for once. I was the one to study the evidence! All I’ll say is that the new continent has better artificers and perhaps even better mages than ours." His beady eyes disappeared as his wicked grin widened to reveal a set of yellow teeth with remnants of whatever he had eaten for his last meal.
"What makes you say that?" Vincent pushed, taking a seat on a stool besides Gideon.
"The Royal Family took back the evidence for safe-keeping, but that ’evidence’ was an artifact. Even I couldn’t figure out everything it does, but this artifact was attached to a bird-like mana beast that had never been seen in Dicathen before. This bird-like mana beast had the ability to camouflage almost completely against its surroundings. The only way we were able to catch it was because an adventurer accidentally shot it down while he was actually aiming for a nearby squirrel he was hunting to eat. Not only that, but one of the functions I was able to figure out from the artifact was that it was able to record and store moving images. The artifact was the size of my palm and it could do what four big magic projection crystals could and more! Tell me, why would someone from our continent need to record videos?" He leaned towards Vincent too so that the two of them were only a hand’s width apart.
"Fascinating!" Vincent sighed as he rubbed his chin.
"So... who’s the little bugger you brought? Your mistress’s son?" Gideon waggled his eyebrows lewdly at Vincent.
"Oh God... Don’t even make jokes like that. Tabitha would kill me... quite literally, I’m afraid. No, this is Arthur. I consider him a nephew of mine." He placed a hand on my shoulder.
Giving a respectable bow, I introduced myself. "Arthur Leywin, son of Reynolds Leywin. Hello, Mr. Gideon. Uncle Vincent has told me many great things about you and your work."
"Quite the etiquettes for a little booger. How old are you?" he mused, studying me with his beady eyes.
"I’ll be turning twelve in May," I answered simply.
"I see... So, why did you bring him here, Vincent? I don’t take on students or disciples, you know." He puffed his chest out condescendingly.
"Actually, I would like to know for myself why he wanted to come." Vincent turned to me.
"Mr. Gideon, the fact that you have messengers from the Royal Families visiting you, I can assume that your work is quite influential, correct?" I put on the air of a respecting young lad.
"Of course! They’re a pain but I receive quite a lot of money from them!" He stuck his chin out and I could almost see his nose getting longer from his pride.
"Perfect." Without saying anything more, I pick up a large piece of parchment lying on the ground and sketched out a blueprint. It took a while for me to think of an idea to sell without it changing the world too much. This world relied heavily on magic for a lot of the bigger tools and machines. That was primarily one of the reasons they couldn’t build a ship capable of travelling long distances. No mages had an infinite source of mana and trying to carry along enough mages to power up a big ship would be impractical.

I could feel both Vincent and Gideon’s hot breaths on the back of my neck as they peered closely at my drawing.
After about half an hour, I finished drawing a rough draft of a steam engine. I didn’t draw in some of the key components so that Gideon wouldn’t just steal my idea; I would draw those in after the negotiations were complete.
"Th-This is...this..." His beady eyes widened two-fold as he snatched the paper away so he could study it in depth.
"Of course... why didn’t I think of this? There was this solution as well!" I could see his hands trembling as his nose practically touched the parchment.
Suddenly, his eyebrows furrowed and his gaze darted all around the paper. "I feel like something’s missing..."
I gently took the paper back and rolled it up. "I did leave out some key details that I will more than happily include... once our negotiations are over." I put on an innocent smile.
"Are you really just a twelve-year-old?" His gaze became sharp but after a few seconds, he let out a helpless sigh. Even Vincent looked baffled by the turn of events but he handled it better since he knew what kind of person I was.
"Yup! Can you show me some of your most precious artifacts? Uncle Vincent told me you make some of the best!" I smiled, tucking the parchment inside my robe pocket.
"Himes! Bring my latest works!" Gideon barked. Soon after, the poised butler with the handlebar mustache appeared, with him, a protected case the size of an adult, sealed with something even I didn’t recognize.
Gideon whispered something into the lock while placing both hands on it. After a brief moment, the lock glowed and folded itself into different shapes before opening. Inside the case was an array of various enchanted weapons.
Gideon spent some time going over each of the weapons and what they were capable of. The quality of these items were several levels above the ones sold at the auction house. I knew that each of these weapons were invaluable and incomparable to the ones sold in shops and forges, but they didn’t quite fit the bill. I looked at some of the wands to maybe get for Elijah but none of them suited him.
As I shook my head, the mad scientist grumbled something foul.
Gideon eventually led us into a hidden storage room with precious gems and raw material that made even my eyes twinkle in greed. "This is an ironite diamond, one of the most valuable gems found on this continent. It has properties capable of storing a lot mana to use in case of an emergency." Gideon studied my face, hoping for an expression of satisfaction to appear, but it never did.
Gideon let out a defeated sigh. "Himes, can you bring me the pendants?" he asked, rubbing his temples.
"But Master, this was made so that—"
"I know! Just bring it!" Gideon interrupted the baffled Himes.
Eventually, Himes comes back holding a small case with an even more intricate lock on it.
"These are some of the products I made for the Royal Family. They’ve been asking for life-protecting artifacts in case of any danger." He just shrugged his shoulder, any sense of confidence he once had nowhere in sight.

I picked up one of the two identical pendants to take a closer look. The main jewel was a very soft, yet radiant pink color carefully ornamented and decorated in a thin white-gold chain.
"I had some of the best designers work on the actual piece itself so it would be err... ’suitable’ for the Royal Family," he clarified.
I willed a bit of mana into the pendant and when I did, I was vaguely able to see the outline of a mana beast I’d once read about. "This is made from a phoenix wyrm," I muttered.
"You were able to figure that out?" Gideon became even more intrigued as his eyes carefully studied me, trying to figure out exactly what more I was capable of.
Continuing on, Gideon explained, "While the phoenix wyrm isn’t nearly as rare as the dragon species, this particular breed is still a high S class mana beast. They aren’t really known for their power and combat capabilities but their unique ability to preserve their own life. When the phoenix wyrm is attacked, its pink scales will elongate and harden around them, forming a sort of cocoon."
This caught my interest.
"However, that’s not even the best part. When the super hard cocoon they’re protected in breaks, they deplete all of the mana in their beast core to instantly transport themselves to wherever they know they’re safe. It’s a very unique ability that I’ve only seen in the phoenix wyrm. These two pendants are probably the most valuable artifacts I have. The jewel itself is made from the beast core of the phoenix wyrm and also small fragments of its scales, allowing it to reproduce the life-preserving effects of the beast, to a certain degree," he continued.
"How many times will the user be able to utilize the effects?" I asked, studying the pendant even more closely.
"Honestly, I’m not too sure. The Glayder Family presented five of these beast cores that had been kept over time for generations. However, they didn’t know what exactly these mana cores were capable of; they only knew that they were extremely valuable. They had already been studied and none had the beast will, but still, the value of just one of these beast cores cost more than normal S class cores. The first of the five I made was a failure, not showing the ability at all. The second and third showed its ability once before turning to dust. I imagine since the mana core doesn’t completely deplete itself to transport a human, it’ll work at least twice like the previous two cores I used to make the pendant did." He shifted his gaze from the pendants to me with hopeful eyes.
"These are for the Glayder Family, right? Is it really all right for me to take these when the Glayder Family provided the raw materials for it?"
"Well, like I said, they don’t know what exactly those beast cores could do so if I just make a good replacement life-preserving artifact, I think it’ll be fine. Of course, if you choose to trade your blueprint for something else, that’d be even better," he revealed another toothy grin.
"Haha! I’m not that nice, Mr. Gideon. I’ll take these two pendants." I unrolled the blueprint and filled the rest of the key components that I had left out.
"Sigh...you’re putting me in a tough position but I know that you’re doing me a charity by giving me these blueprints. With this, I imagine that our people will be able to reach the new continent before they reach ours." He studied the blueprint before folding it and carefully putting it in his pocket.
He turned back to me, his gaze not looking at me as if I was a child but more so an equal. "Where did you come up with this idea, though? What are you really planning, Arthur? Did you want to speed up the process for the voyage to the new continent?"
I only laughed and headed out the door, the silent Vincent, who was still bewildered by the turn of events, trailing behind me.
"Like I said, Mr. Gideon, I’m not that nice of a person. I only wanted to get my little sister a good birthday gift," I answered without looking back, waving the small case that had the two pendants inside before getting into the carriage.
The journey back home was silent for the first half until Vincent finally spoke. "Not only a genius augmenter but a brilliant inventor? What exactly was it that you drew out for Gideon?"
I explained in simple terms. "I drew the blueprints for a steam engine, which is capable of producing quite a lot of power by using steam produced from specific material that exists on this continent. With that and some modifications so that it could be interchanged with fuel powered by mana, traversing a long distance shouldn’t be a problem."
"From what magical star were you born under?" Vincent shook his head.
"Please, this was an idea I got from somewhere else and I just tweaked it a little to make it work better. Please don’t make too big of a deal out of this to my parents," I begged, looking at the two beautiful pink pendants again.
"Well, your parents probably wouldn’t even make a big deal of something like this considering how abnormal you are," he shrugged, chuckling to himself.
Luckily, no one was home, so I carefully hid the case after wrapping the two pendants individually. My sister’s birthday was next week and then there would only be a few months left until my twelfth birthday, and eventually, the new year of Xyrus Academy. Even though I wouldn’t be that far from my family while I was at school, I would certainly be limited in how often I could visit them, so my main goal during this time was to ensure that my family could take care of themselves in case anything bad happened.
I knew I was probably overthinking everything but I preferred to be on the safe side when it came to my family. For that, I was willing to sell even my soul.





The ballroom inside the Helstea Manor had been lavishly decorated with colorful string tapestries hung along with other fine embellishments on the tables and stage to match. The elaborate placement of the orbs that made up the chandelier sparkled, creating a serene ambience as the guests started entering through the towering front doors.
I was dressed very formally for the special birthday party the Helsteas and my family decided to throw for Ellie. While this world did have formal wear that were very similar to tuxedos from my old world, this world did not have ties. Instead of ties, handkerchiefs were wrapped underneath the collar and tied fashionably. Sporting a black suit with a white-collared shirt underneath, the only bit of color in my ensemble was the light blue scarf I had tied underneath the shirt collar. I wanted the black handkerchief but my mother insisted that I should wear blue to accentuate the color of my eyes.
With my gaudy blue scarf and windswept hair that had been thoroughly cemented by whatever paste was made to style it, I felt like some sort flamboyant show dog.
Since the ballroom was located in the opposite wing from our rooms, Ellie had no idea that we were throwing her this party. She was under the assumption that the both of our families were going out to a fancy restaurant so she was excitedly getting ready with our mother and Lilia, who came back for the occasion.
Sylvie was sleeping inside my room, her body still getting used to the big change she underwent recently. She resisted going to sleep until she had my verbal guarantee that I would save her some leftover food.
"Welcome. Please come in." Putting on a gentlemanly smile, I welcomed my little sister’s lady friends she met at school, a duty I was assigned by my mother and one I wasn’t too fond of.
Met with shy giggles and red faces, I kept a gentle smile on as more and more guests started trickling out of their carriages, accompanied by a driver and a chaperone.
The attendees of my sister’s party consisted of her female friends, the female friends’ chaperones, which were an older group of people, and either my parents’ friends or Vincent and Tabitha’s friends. By eight in the evening, most of the people on the list had arrived and my mother notified the maid that she and my sister would be coming down shortly.
"Well aren’t you dressed all neat and spiffy?" I turned around back toward the door to see Gideon in his signature brown lab coat—a cleaner one at least—and a set of new goggles hanging on his neck.
"This is quite a pleasant surprise, Mr. Gideon." My smile must’ve tipped him off because he grumbled under his breath before replying, "You darn well knew that I would try and see you again, didn’t you?"
My smile never wavered as I use my hand to guide him towards the refreshment booth. "I’ll admit it was unexpected of you to utilize my sister’s birthday to meet with me though."
"Bah! You and I have a lot to talk about and don’t you forget, I’m not leaving you until I’m satisfied!" He, once again, began grumbling before trotting over to the refreshment booth, asking for an alcoholic drink right off the bat.
Elijah, who I saw talking with a chaperone girl that was a bit older than us, walked towards me, his shoulder slumped.
"My third time trying to strike a conversation with a girl and they all so kindly made convenient excuses to go elsewhere," he sighed, his crooked glasses further emphasizing his dejection.
Before I had the chance to start teasi—comforting him, I was interrupted by a loud voice.
"Everyone, please get ready! Lady Alice and Eleanor are both on their way here!" the maid announced before she signaled to turn off all of the lights.

"...Mama, I thought we were going to go out for dinner? Where are we..."
"SURPRISE!" a synchronized chorus of voices exclaimed.
With the chandelier sparkling on and an array of artifacts popping off in colorful lights, my little sister’s confused face turned from initial surprise to pure joy. Her eyes widened and cheeks blushed red as her hands instinctively went to cover her gaping mouth.
She didn’t have too long to indulge in her moment of astonishment as her school lady friends all ran up to her and gave her hugs, almost carrying her away along with Lilia, giving me a meaningful gaze before disappearing.
"Good job welcoming all of the guests, Art." My mother came up to me, gently patting my head before some of her friends pulled her away to leave me wandering. I spotted my father with Vincent and some other importantly dressed figures, talking business and other various uninteresting topics.
Waiters walked around, handing out platters and cups of various foods and drinks. I was munching on something akin to a bite-sized sandwich when the melodic chime of a glass being rung pulled my attention. My father, wine glass in hand, was onstage, his cheeks slightly rosy and his eyes relaxed.
"Ahem! Before the party officially begins, I would like to thank you on behalf of my precious daughter for coming here tonight!" As my father spoke, I spotted my sister blushing in embarrassment as her friends giggled and clapped at this joyous occasion.
"Please start the music!" My father signaled towards the back of the stage where five musicians stepped out with their instruments. I was surprised to see that the instruments looked nearly identical to the string family instruments in my world, with two violins, one viola, and one cello musician stepping out with a pianist behind them. The piano was shaped a little differently and as they started playing, the sound it produced was much deeper and richer than a regular grand piano.
"It would bring great joy to see my beloved son and daughter have the first dance!" My father raised his glass higher, his eyes narrowing into a tipsy grin as he requested something that could potentially be disastrous to this party. I turned to my mother, who bore a look stricken with panic, because neither her nor my father had ever given either of us dancing lessons.
I caught my sister’s face, petrified in horror, as she realized she could become a total embarrassment on her birthday. Keeping calm, I took confident strides towards where my sister and her friends stood.
"Will you honor me with your hand for a dance?" I bowed, slipping off my gloves and placing a hand out in front of me; I heard various squeals and giggles from her friends but I ignored it.
Ellie, still fretful at the turn of events, couldn’t find the words, so she just nodded her head, accepting my hand and eliciting a round of applause.
As soon as she was in my hands, a crowd formed around and their applause died down as the soft flow of music became louder and filled the room. The music was slow and rhythmic, making it easy to follow along. Her once panicked face gradually turned calmer as she realized she just needed to follow my guidance.
My right hand holding onto hers and my left gently placed on her fragile waist, we circled around, her light coral dress fluttering gracefully. Each step she took mirrored mine as we waltzed around the small dance floor formed around us by the dazed crowd. I was calm and poised, dancing and swaying to the song with grace, since dancing had been something I was required to learn for any formal occasions as a king.
I couldn’t embarrass myself as a figurehead for my nation now could I?
My sister’s face gradually shifted from a tranquil calmness to an excited glee as she truly began enjoying our dance. Her skin glowed from her smile and perspiration, giving her a radiant feeling to the crowd. Twirling her around as if we had rehearsed for a grand performance, the musicians played along with our dance as if they were drawing inspiration from us. As the last verse of the song was coming to an end, she followed my lead well, coming to a beautiful halt synced perfectly with the musicians.

The applause and cheers of the audience—some of the more intoxicated adults even whistling—washed up the soft panting of my sister as the both of us bowed, hand in hand.
"That was wonderful!" "Truly splendid!" "What a great performance!" Sounds of compliments and praises from all around us caused my sister’s smile to grow even wider as we soaked in the limelight.
"Brother!" My sister couldn’t hold in her excitement as she jumped into my arms, almost knocking me down in surprise. Her innocent and pure laughter rang contagiously as she flung her arms around my neck.
"Holy crap! That was great! Where’d you learn to dance like that, Art?" Elijah ran up to us, his narrow eyes gleaming in excitement underneath his glasses.
I just gave him a shrug before gently placing my sister down. Giving her a pat on the head I said, "Happy Birthday, Princess." Giving her a playful wink before my intoxicated father picked her up.
"Haha! My beautiful princess and my handsome son! What a great performance!" My father must’ve been drinking more because he was even more flushed than he had been on stage.
"Owowowow!" My father let out a howl of pain as my mother pulled him down from his high horse by grabbing his earlobe. "Do you understand the disaster this could’ve caused if Art didn’t happen to know how to dance?" She whispered.
"I learned from Jasmine while being an adventurer. I thought it’d be useful!" I lied, only getting rid of half the suspicion of my keen mother.
"Don’t mind, don’t mind!" He managed to wheeze out as my sister, who was put back down, scurried off to her friends. My still-angry mother dragged my intoxicated father by the earlobe back to where the adults were.
ELEANOR LEYWIN’S POV:
"Your brother is so handsome! I’m so jealous! I wish my brother was like him; he seems so nice!" The friends I’d made at school were all complimenting Brother and me about the dance.
"Hehe! I told you he was great!" I couldn’t help but smile with pride at being Brother’s only sister.
"Yeah, he’s awesome! I bet the both of you practiced a lot for that dance! It looked SUPER hard." My best friend, Nicole, was really excited.
"U-Umm yeah! But our teacher was really good so we got it down really fast!" I lied, looking down. I thought it would be weird for them to know that only Brother knew how to dance, not me, when it should be the other way around.
My heart was still beating really fast from the dancing. It was really tiring but also really fun because Brother led me through it so well that I felt like a professional dancer.
"You’re grinning really big, Ellie," Nicole smirked at me, elbowing me with her arm.

"Hehe! Let’s go get some food!" I needed to look busy so some of the guys here wouldn’t ask me to dance.
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
I slumped in a corner, a glass of apple cider in my hand. The dance gave all the more reason for the adults and chaperones to come and greet me, some hinting for a dance. Putting on a smile and speaking in a higher pitch than usual to sound more respectful could get tiring.
I spotted Elijah dancing with a girl that looked around our age—maybe a year younger—probably one of the older friends of my sister.
I guess he finally managed.
"Hey, you must be the Arthur that everyone’s talking about." A blond-haired boy, rather tall and poised, leaned against the wall next to me.
"Then I guess I must be." I managed a faint smile while I took another sip of my cider.
"My friends are all jealous of you for stealing the attention from the girls here," he snickered while sticking out his hand. "My name is Jarrod Redner. I heard a lot about you from Lilia at school."
"Ah, you guys both go to Xyrus. As you already know, I’m Arthur Leywin, pleased to make your acquaintance." I received the handshake before my eyes spotted Lilia, who came towards us after seeing us together.
"Before she gets over her, am I to assume you guys are either dating or that you like her?" I said in a low voice so that only we could hear.
"You’re pretty sharp, aren’t you? Yeah, we’re part of the student council together, she being the secretary and me, the treasurer. I’m trying to pursue her and I’ve expressed that many times already." He let out a sigh before smiling and waving at Lilia.
"She may look a little plain, but she’s a good girl, that Lilia. I hope you treasure her well," I said simply.
"Well I hope to get the chance to do that someday since she’s rejected me all three times so far." He chuckled, a hint of disappointment escaping his face.
"Hey Arthur! I’m so sorry I couldn’t get the chance to say hi to you at all today! I’ve been so busy since as I got here earlier, and you were busy with preparing too!" Her face was flushed and by the way she spoke so quickly and excitedly, I was beginning to understand why Jarrod came up to me.
"I’ll leave you two alone." Jarrod solemnly walked away, a hint of jealousy in his eyes, not even looking at Lilia as he passed her.
"You look beautiful today," I noted, clinking my glass of cider with her glass before taking another sip.
"O-Oh... I mean, thank you!" Lilia was really jumpy as she started fiddling with her turtleneck light green dress that was embellished with frills and subtle trimmings. I hadn’t seen her since before she started attending Xyrus. Lilia had matured a lot this past year and a half, her childlike face slowly becoming a bit more refined.
We started talking a bit more about her school life when I started teasing her. "You must be pretty popular at Xyrus. Do you have a boyfriend yet?" Even my sister would sometimes tell me about boys who liked her, gloating that she was popular.
"N-No, of course not! I don’t have anything like that yet, haha." Lilia was desperately waving both her hands, signaling ’no way,’ which made me laugh.
"You’re still young so take your time and meet the right guy. But you better bring him to me first so that I can approve before you start dating him!" I poked her in the arm.
A shred of dejection showed on her face before she quickly covered it up, saying, "Yeah, I will! Just don’t be too hard of a judge!"
"Ahem, mind if I borrow the, young lad?" I looked up to see Gideon walking up to us, something akin to a polite smile strewn across his usually scowling face.





It was obvious Gideon’s abrupt intrusion caught Lilia by surprise, but she replied evenly with a polite smile.
"Of course. I’ll see you later then, Art!" She waved at me, bowing towards Gideon before running off to the heart of the party.
"You know that young female cohort of yours likes you, right?" Gideon scratched his cheek awkwardly as his gaze followed Lilia’s figure.
"I know," I responded simply.
"You two seem to get along, though. You’re not going to do anything about it?" he pressed.
"She’s someone that has had her life changed by me. More so than the feeling of like or love, it’s something more akin to gratefulness that she feels. She doesn’t know that now, but later in the future, I’m sure she’ll distinguish the two on her own," I answered with a shrug, taking another sip of my cider.
"You know, even when you say something disgustingly conceited like that, it doesn’t sound vain coming from you." Gideon smirked, taking a small sip of his wine.
"Because I don’t mean it in a conceited way. To her, I am something like a hero who saved her life. She may have fantasies about a relationship between us like any young girl about her idol, but that doesn’t mean she is in love with that person; it’s more of an infatuation," I explained. "Anyway, I’m sure you’re not here to give me love counseling. What is it that you wanted to discuss?"
"Why does it feel like I’m talking to someone my age? But yes, you’re right. How did your sister like the present you so kindly took from me?" He changed the subject, sitting down on the floor while leaning against the wall.
"Received as compensation, not ’took,’" I corrected, wagging my finger. "And I haven’t given it to her yet. I will, later."
"Right. Well, after refining the blueprint and creating a plan, I sent it in to the Council of Dicathen. They approved it and it is undergoing a construction plan right away," he announced, his usual joking manner nonexistent.

After the founding of the Six Lances, the Three Kings and Queens of Dicathen had come together and announced to the public that the current monarchy of each of the three kingdoms would be changing into one Council for all of Dicathen. This decision wasn’t really up for debate but it did bring some groups to rebel against it. For now, the location of the Council of Dicathen was unknown with the only source of communication available through some trusted individuals while major broadcasts were publicized through each City’s Governor.
"Congratulations. I’m sure they rewarded you well for that," I said sincerely, holding up my glass.
"Bah, money is just a means to an end for me. Gold is but a useless commodity that only has use in buying stuff actually useful to me. But you—you’re an asset that I do not want to let go. What is it you want, brat? Money? Power? Knowledge? I can give you all of that if you are more open to me about what you know as well." He got up, his beady eyes gleaming with curiosity.
"I don’t intend to change how the world works for my own benefit. This Continent is doing just fine without any of it," I retorted, making my intentions clear.
"So you’re saying you have ideas for inventions capable of changing how this world works? Fascinating..." His ears must’ve only heard what he wanted to hear because I wasn’t getting through to him.
Imbuing mana into my voice, I growled in a low tone so only he could hear. "Mr. Gideon, let me make it clear that I’m not here to indulge your selfish curiosities."
The tone in my voice appeared to have shook him up a bit, as he nearly jumped.
"Well you sure sobered me up real quick. Yeah, I guess you’re right. How about a give and take then? I’m not asking for world-changing inventions like that steam engine you gave me. I just want to get to know how you think, really. I’ll be your personal benefactor for whatever you need. Really, I’m desperate, brat. Don’t make this old man plead anymore." Surprisingly, His voice sounded sincere this time.
This was what I planned for but I didn’t want to give in to his wishes too easily, so I persisted. "Can I take your word for it?"
"Of course! What do you take me for? I’m a man of my word. You’re quite a family man so I understand why you were so interested in that Phoenix Wyrm necklace. I may not be a great mage but I know my way around artificing and magic implementation theory. Hell, you need some allowance for school, right? So how about it? Yeah?" His beady eyes and electrocuted hair made him look even more pitiful.
Sticking my hand out, I shot him a business smile that I’m sure made him think twice for what he had just gotten himself into.

The party eventually came to an end after the bell rang for midnight, making it officially my sister’s birthday. After more dancing, eating, drinking, and present-giving, the guests slowly started leaving, allowing the maids to finally start cleaning the ballroom.
My parents gave my sister a pair of beautiful hair ties with ornamental bells that were silver on first glance but reflected a glimmering array of colors underneath the light. My sister excitedly asked my mother to tie her hair for her into twin ponytails.
Despite the success of the party, my sister had been pretty disappointed that the Twin Horns couldn’t make it to her birthday since they were currently in a dungeon. However, she got over it quickly after seeing the wrapped boxes in my hands.
"Happy birthday, little sister." I gave her my present and handed the other box, which wasn’t as prettily decorated, to my mother.
"Wow! It’s so pretty!" My sister was ecstatic at the precious necklace, though she probably would never know how much it was worth.
"Th-This is gorgeous..." My mother’s reaction was actually even stronger than Ellie’s, her eyes locked on to the light pink gem embedded on the white gold chain.
"Keep it on at all times, okay?" I said directly to my sister, but I also looked at my mother so that she would catch my drift.
"Where in the world did you get something like this, Son?" My father was still a little tipsy but he was fully functional.
"I’m sure you met Mr. Gideon, right? I’m going to start working for him while he teaches me various things about magic. He gave me this as a token of my apprenticeship." It wasn’t a lie but it wasn’t exactly the full truth either.
"Well, I’ll have to greet him one more time and thank him for taking care of you. I can’t believe my boy is going to attend Xyrus Academy soon! You’re going to kick some butt out there, right? Ow!" My mother smacked him upside the head at the last statement and gave me a big hug, my sister following suit.
"Thank you for these presents. We’ll both keep them on, right Ellie?" She hugged my sister too.

"Yeah! We’re matching now!" she chirped, a newfound glow on her face. I was glad that she liked it, but more importantly, relieved that she’d be safe. That was all that really mattered that this point.
_________________________________________________________________
After my sister’s birthday, my daily life had turned very repetitive. My birthday passed by as well, and although the Twin Horns couldn’t make it, their dungeon exploration leading them to the depths of the Continent, we did hear back from them at Guild Hall, indicating that they were still alive and okay. My birthday was nowhere near as grand as Ellie’s but I had no qualms with that.
Only a few people aside from my and Lilia’s family came, Gideon included, of course. He gave me exactly what I asked for, which was a seal for my attribute mana for fire and water.
"While it’s a little gaudy, keep this bracelet on at all times when you want to hide your mana attributes. It’s still a trial product from me, so be careful. The two charms on the bracelet can each hide and seal one elemental attribute’s mana from being sensed and gauged by others. By gods, I still can’t believe you were a quadra-elemental augmenter but..."
I’d gotten a lot closer to Gideon over these past few months and, while he was quite eccentric and quirky, he was a sincere and trustworthy person. However, I hadn’t indulged him in much besides my abilities as a mage, which he took as quite a shock.
My birthday was, all in all, a quiet and pleasant time with my family. Elijah and I quickly went back into training, and while his abilities had become a lot less powerful, he had become a lot more adept in controlling his Earth and Metal conjuring. Still, he had a lot to learn if he was going to catch up to me, but we both had time.
As for me, training was going by steadily. I was planning to only use earth and wind attribute mana, which probably accounted for twenty percent of my actual power, but that didn’t mean I planned on laying low and hiding myself at school. Why not enjoy the benefits of being a handsome and prodigal dual elemental augmenter? I had a family that I had to make proud, right?
Elijah was much more eager to go to school than I was, expressing on many occasions what kind of "hot" female friends he’d make. I kept telling him that we were only twelve and that girls weren’t "hot" at our age, but he filtered that out and said he was going to try and woo the older girls as well.
My father’s training resumed, albeit a bit slower after he used all the benefits from the beast core I’d brought, but he did manage to level up his fire augmentations, and his skills and abilities became a light orange rather than red like most other fire augmenters.
Like I expected, the beast will didn’t react to Elijah when I gave it to him. He couldn’t even sense anything, becoming confused as to why I still had it.
With Ellie enjoying school and bringing a closer group of friends over more often and my mother and Tabitha enjoying the free time of being housewives, life couldn’t be any more content. Seeing how peaceful and happy they were, I would give my life to make sure it lasted as long as possible.
The eventful day in the Dicathen Calendar, marking the day the first steam engine ship called the Dicatheous would set sail on a voyage to the other Continent, also marked another important day.
The Dicatheous was scheduled to set sail tomorrow, which was also the day both Elijah and I would start our first day of Xyrus Academy.
Dear Readers: As volume 2 has come to an end, I’d like to just thank you all for your wonderful support and amusing comments. Sorry for mere two chapter release—I promise that the releasing pace of this novel will get faster. I hope everyone will continue enjoying the upcoming adventures of Arthur and co. Also, please don’t forget to leave a review here for hesitant onlookers to see!
Thank you,
TurtleMe





"Wake up!" a shout pierced through my ears.
Air was forced out of my lungs as Elijah oh-so-tenderly pounded my sternum with the force capable of resuscitating a corpse.
I threw the sleeping Sylvie at him in hopes that she’d protect me from my aggressive roommate.
"Sylvie! It Hurts!" Elijah howled. As expected, my startled bond had instinctively started clawing at Elijah’s face until she calmed down.
"There has got to be a better way to wake me up besides physical pain," I grumbled, rubbing my stomach.
"You’re telling me. Do you know how hard it is to wake you up? And you reward me by throwing Sylvie at me? Even if she isn’t in her full dragon form, do you know how sharp her claws are?" He winced, gingerly touching the shallow scratches that Sylvie had inflicted.
"Anyways! We’re going to be late if you don’t hurry up and get ready. I’ve already washed up so get your butt out of bed." Elijah stood on top of my bed, pushing me off with his foot.
"Let’s go wash up, Sylv!" I pretended to be excited as I grabbed my companion and headed over to the shower.
’No! Papa, I don’t want to shower! I’m cleaaan!’ "Kyuuuu!" The desperate wails of Sylvie merely escaped out the other ear as I hauled her inside. Sylvie now had fur, or very thin, long and soft scales that were very similar to fur. This meant that she attracted dirt like a magnet, so washing her more often had become a necessity.
"Brother, are you awake?" Ellie opened the door as I was changing. Elijah was at least fully dressed but I only had my bottom half clothed.
"How do you like your big brother’s awesome muscles?" I flexed my body in different poses.
"Eww! All I see are skin and bones, Brother." She just shook her head, giving me a hard stare that seemed to question whether I was the same brother she so admired back on her birthday.
"Anyway, Mom told you guys to hurry up and get dressed so we can eat." Ellie closed the door behind her without waiting for a reply.
I let out a sigh as I started buttoning my shirt. She was so cute at her birthday party. Kids grow up too fast.
The uniforms that Xyrus had sent us weren’t too out of the ordinary. For me, it consisted of a white dress shirt, a grey vest, a maroon string we tied around our necks underneath the collar, and a pair of tailored navy dress pants. There was also a gold pocket watch attached to a chain on my vest’s breast pocket, overall giving me a very scholarly look.
Elijah’s uniform, on the other hand, had a much sharper design. His black blazer had white trimmings that matched his black pants. Instead of a string, he wore a black square-end tie with one white stripe, indicating that he was a level one student. With his white dress shirt underneath and a badge with a crossed sword and staff etched intricately over the breast pocket, he looked dashing.
Instead of the usual tools a conjurer carried, Elijah, instead, had fashioned a black two-part band on his index and ring finger. These two bands were connected by a thin black chain, which gave him a very gothic look, especially now that he’d recently purchased new glasses that were a bit more fashionable. He made it pretty clear to me that this would be his debut in finding a girlfriend so he took great pride in how he looked, although he always grumbled on about how no matter how much he tried, he would always be in my shadow.
I gave him a helpless shrug, but I took a mental note to thank my mother and father for their genes later.
Taking a good look at both Elijah and myself in the mirror, I could tell how much we’d matured physically. The once nerdy Elijah from two years ago was now gone, a much sharper and cooler appearance replacing him, which oddly contradicted his personality.

As for myself, my eyes were a rich sapphire color that almost seemed to glow, my hair a fiery auburn color that contrasted well with my eyes. Bluish eyes and reddish hair made me realize how coincidental it all was. What were the odds that my defining traits aligned with the two base elements I was most adept at? My facial features were a lot softer compared to Elijah’s but while soft and kind, they also looked poised and elegant.
I studied my face as if it weren’t my own. Even after twelve years in this body, I hadn’t gotten completely used to my appearance compared to the rather normal face I had in my old world.
"Are you sure you made the right choice, Art? I can’t believe you wanted to go in as a scholar mage. I thought you would for sure go in as a battle mage like me," Elijah remarked as he styled his hair. The trim straight black hair that he had was now shorter and styled to the side.
"And I can’t believe one of the main reasons you wanted to attend Xyrus as a battle mage student was because it had cuter girls." I slapped him firmly on the back while giving him a perverted smile.
"Shut up... Just watch. The new and improved Elijah will be popular and find a girlfriend that can only make you drool in jealousy!" He adjusted his blazer, taking one last look at himself. Obviously satisfied by his appearance, he walked towards the door while I followed. Sylvie hopping on top of my head and her small claws dug into my scalp to keep grip, worrying me ever-so-slightly that I might bald prematurely.
"Took you boys long enough to get ready! Who are you guys trying to impress?" My mother wagged her finger at us while Tabitha, who was in an apron matching my mother’s, started giggling.
"Good morning, boys. Hurry up and eat. Lilia is going to be up onstage for the orientation since she’s part of the student council. She’s probably nervous by now so make sure you cheer her on." Tabitha sat down across from us next to Mother and Ellie.
"I see the both of you are wearing the necklaces I gave you," I noted while my mouth was still full of oatmeal and fruit.
"Yup, why wouldn’t I when it’s such a beautiful piece of jewelry? I wish your father had half the amount of sense that you do," my mother sighed, fiddling with the Phoenix Wyrm ornament.
"All my friends are jealous because of how pretty it is! Be sure to get me things like these more, okay Brother?" Ellie leaned forward on her chair as she talked excitedly.
"Sure," I dismissed, trying to calculate exactly how much something like the pendant would actually cost.
"Umm, Aunt Alice? do you mind healing my face before we go to school? I don’t want my debut at school to go wrong because of these cat scratches." Elijah turned his gaze to Sylvie who stuck her tongue out in reply.
"Still fighting with Sylvie?" my mother grinned. "Come here and let me take a look at that." She placed a hand in front of Elijah’s face and whispered a faint chant until a glow started emanating from her fingertips. A few moments later, the small scratches on his face disappeared as Elijah let out a content sigh.
"Thanks, Aunt Alice." Elijah leaned back in his chair and continued eating breakfast.
My father came in, quite evident he had been training from the beads of sweat rolling down his face. "Sorry I’m late for breakfast! I was in the middle of a small breakthrough!" He eagerly sat down and looked at Elijah and me. "Wow, my two boys are already going to school. I can’t believe it. Looks like we raised Arthur well, right honey?" My father smiled broadly.
"What do you mean ’we’? I was the one that raised him," my mother scoffed, giving him a sly grin.
"I guess the only times I raised my children were when they got into trouble then?" My father raised a brow.
"As long as you know," my mother stated matter-of-factly, causing the whole table to chuckle.
The only ones missing were Vincent and Lilia. Lilia had to go to school a few days earlier since she had to do some work for the student council but Vincent had been more and more busy these days as he was part of the management committee for the ship, Dicatheous, setting sail today.
"I was pretty surprised when you said that you wanted to attend Xyrus as a scholar mage though, Art," my father brought up while scarfing down his eggs.

"Yeah, both are good choices but, in the end, battle mages are the ones that get all the glory," Tabitha sighed. Lilia was a battle mage as well despite disagreements from both Tabitha and Vincent. The two of them wanted Lilia to become a scholar mage since it would be a lot less dangerous in the future but Lilia was persistent on making a name for herself.
"I’ll still take some general classes on mana battling whenever I can to loosen my muscles but there’s not much for me to learn if it’s just fighting tactics," I chuckled.
"Not much to learn... If any of the students heard you say that, you’d get beat up—no wait, if the could even beat you up." Elijah just laughed to himself at the thought of the massacre the school would have if anyone picked a fight with me.
"Please control yourself to a degree, Arthur. There are members of very influential families attending that school. You wouldn’t want to create trouble for Tabitha’s family," my mother chided, her face filled with worry.
"Don’t worry. I’ll be sure to only moderately beat people up!" I saluted while stuffing my face with more oatmeal, Sylvie stealing the fruits mixed into it. My mother just shook her head but my father laughed, just as a maid walked in.
"Mr. Arthur, Mr. Elijah, the driver says that we should leave now if you are to make it on-time for the orientation ceremony," she said while bowing.
"Well, off we go!" Elijah finished the last bite of his ham and stuffed some greens into his mouth before standing up and straightening his black blazer.
I stood up and walked around the table to where my mother and Ellie sat. "Mom, Ellie, before I leave, I need you guys to show me your index finger for a bit."
"Huh?" My mother looked at me, confused, but nevertheless showed me her index finger while my sister unhesitatingly followed suit. I took a quick poke at both their index fingers with my mana-imbued finger, just enough for a droplet of blood to form on the tips of theirs.
"Put the blood on the necklaces." The seriousness in my voice made them silently concede despite their initial surprise. They both placed their index fingers on their respective necklaces and the blood on the tip of their fingers got absorbed into the jewel immediately.
"These necklaces are now bound to you so only you two can wear them. They’ll protect you just in case me or Dad isn’t there, but still keep yourselves safe while I’m gone, okay?" I gave the both of them a strong hug and my sister teared up a little bit. I hugged my father and Tabitha as well, my father holding me firmly in his strong arms.
"Be good, boys, and don’t worry about us," my father said.
"Come visit whenever you can and keep in touch!" My mother added before letting us off.
"Bye Brother, bye Elijah! Be safe!" my sister shouted out to us as we walked down the stairs.
"Your luggage is in the back of the carriage." The driver bowed and opens the door for the both of us.
"Destination, Xyrus Academy!" Elijah pointed his finger to the sky as if making a declaration before getting inside the carriage.
I couldn’t help but smile, looking back at my old home, as I stepped inside the carriage that would bring me to my new one.
___________________________________________________________________
The ride to Xyrus Academy wasn’t too long since it was in the same city, but the campus itself was enormous, so going in through the main gate took some time.

There was an abundance of other extravagantly decorated carriages, some twice as long as normal carriages, with low-ranked mana beasts pulling them.
"Pshh... what a bunch of show-offs," Elijah grumbled as he watched pompous-looking students, confidently stepping out of carriages, with decorated weapons to signify that they were either a conjurer or augmenter.
Our carriage was quite luxurious as well, but that was from the standpoint of commoners. Compared to those richly decorated carriages of major families, ours weren’t nearly as eye-catching.
"We have arrived, Master Arthur, Master Elijah." The driver opened the door for us and we stepped out, the both of us inhaling a deep breath of the campus air.
"Huh...the air tastes the same here...Thought it’d taste better," Elijah said while smacking his lips.
"Don’t be stupid." I pushed my friend forward as we followed the crowd of students walking on the bright marble path.
"Holy mother of..." Elijah’s jaw dropped as he looked almost vertically up at the building in front of us. The enormous white building that had runes etched covering it left even me astounded.
"Let’s go in." I snapped Elijah back to his senses and we walked in alongside the other new students attending this school for the first time.
Once inside, I winced by how loud it was. Thousands of excited students chattered away, some with friends that they had come with, some with people they were meeting for the first time.
"LET’S FIND A SEAT!" I needed to shout for Elijah, who was right next to me, to hear. Eventually, we found a seat in the middle of the auditorium near the back rows.
Looking around more carefully, I was surprised at how many dwarves and elves I spotted, chatting away with those around them.
"Wow, I’ve never seen full elves until now. Looks like it’s true that all three races can fully attend this academy now." Elijah excitedly looked around, scouting for potential soul mates amongst the crowd. I couldn’t help but shake my head at the expected behavior, unable to see these students as anything other than little kids.
Getting bored of looking around me, I focused my attention on the stage where it was still empty except for a single podium. Suddenly, a sharp blur focused into form and I saw Director Goodsky standing behind the podium. She wasn’t wearing the oversized hat that conjurers normally wore like she did the last time we met almost four years ago. Instead, she wore an elegant white circlet that matched her white robe, appearing much more refined than the witch-like impression she had given off on our first encounter. Director Goodsky had her eyes closed but when she opened them, she seemed to be peering straight into me, sending shivers down my back. Smiling, she raised her hand slowly while her eyes remained locked onto mine.
By this time, many more of the incoming first years noticed her and began talking even louder, some cheering, but when Director Goodsky’s hand reached the level of her head, suddenly, everything went dead silent.
Looking around, everyone had expressions of surprise, because while everyone’s lips were moving, no sound was heard from anyone in the audience.
"Excuse me for my rudeness but I do hate speaking up. Not good for my throat, no it is not," she said in a pleasant voice that—while soft—was heard perfectly clear, even from here in the back row.
"I welcome everyone here, the future leaders, scholars and powerhouses of Dicathen, to this humble academy. I am Cynthia Goodsky. Please call me Director Goodsky and do not be afraid to say hello when I walk around campus. I am no good with speeches so I stand here before you mages today to say hello, and introduce to you the Student Council that represents this academy and takes part in making important decisions along with me. Please give them a warm welcome." She waved her raised hand and one by one, members of the council started walking out.
I first saw Jarrod walking confidently, looking straight ahead, his pretty boy face eliciting a wave of shrill screams from the girls in the audience. Behind him, a very playful, cheery guy came out waving at the audience and beaming us a bright smile.
"Look, look! There’s Lilia! We need to cheer!" Elijah stood up and shouted at the top of his lungs and I followed him, yelling her name as well. Her shy demeanor was nowhere to be seen as she walked calmly towards the center of the stage, where she gave small bows in each direction. There was no way she could see us or make out our individual cheers but we still gave it our all to cheer on our friend.
Behind her walked out a tall student with long, parted bangs. His face was frozen into what looked like a stern grimace with a sharp gaze that seemed to be looking down on everyone, giving him a rather pompous appearance. While the cheers for him wasn’t as loud as it was for Jarrod or the cheery guy, he, nonetheless, strode with practiced grace.
Finally, the last to arrive actually made the crowd silent. The unmistakable gunmetal silver hair that reflected the lights in the auditorium gave her a serene glow as her peachy-cream complexion made the boys around me gape. She turned to face the audience so that her round, turquoise eyes captured the hearts of every boy in this auditorium.
She was only thirteen...right?
I had a hard time believing the girl I couldn’t see as more than a kid had matured enough to catch me off guard. Her face still contained a childish innocence but the way she carried herself made me doubt that this was the same girl I had known since near-toddlerhood.
While still a little taller than Lilia, she was quite a bit shorter than the serious-looking guy next to her, but her posture made her seem bigger and grander than everyone else on the stage. Taking a deep bow, she came back up while tucking part of her hair behind her pointed ears, her face emotionless as a doll’s.
"My name is Tessia Eralith, and I am honored to stand here as this academy’s Student Council President."





The incoming students of all three races that were cheering for each of the Student Council members fell silent when Tess walked in. With her gunmetal silver hair swaying behind her as each of her dignified steps echoed throughout the silent auditorium, she single-handedly changed the atmosphere inside this entire building.
As she bowed and tucked her hair behind her ear, a roar of applause erupted as both males and females alike cheered with admiration. I thought the cheers would last a lot longer but as soon as Tess started speaking, it was as if each of the students in the crowd covered each others’ mouth so that they could hear her voice.
"My name is Tessia Eralith, and I am honored to stand here as this academy’s student council president."
Murmurs started after the crowd once again cheered for our beautiful president. Next to me, a scrawny human boy spoke excitedly to his friend beside him.
"That’s the Princess Eralith I was talking about. My older brother told me she’s been on campus since last year as a direct disciple under the Director and will start formally attending this year with us!" He leaned into his friend so only he could hear but the volume at which he spoke betrayed him.
"Th-That means she was the first non-human to set foot on this campus. Wait... she’s only a first year and she’s already the Student Council President? Is that even possible?" His friend, whom I couldn’t really see, spoke louder and louder with each word, causing the neighboring students to hear as well.
"Yeah, I heard of her as well! She’s supposedly a super-genius of some sort, right?"
"Why the hell is she so damn pretty when she’s talented as well? This isn’t even fair..."
"I wonder what I would have to do to get her to even look at me?"
The audience was filled with different talks about Tess but while, for the males, it revolved around how much of an unobtainable star she was, for the females, it was a mixture of admiration and envy. Sylvie was going crazy on top of my head as she recognized Tess down onstage.
"Kyuu~" ’Papa! That’s Mama! She’s down there! Let’s go say hi!’ Sylv was jumping up and down so I picked her up and wrapped my arms around her.
’Who’s your Mama!?’ I couldn’t help but sigh in defeat at her excitement. Tess became pretty close to Sylvie a bit after hatching so I could see why she was so fond of her... but ’Mama’?
"Woah..." Elijah, who I had stopped paying attention to, firmly gripped my arm with both of his hands as if he needed me to support him from fainting.
"Woah," he repeated. For how smart he looked, he sure acted like an idiot at times like these.
"You okay there, Elijah?" I lightly nudged his head but it just bounced like a bobblehead toy.
"...Art...I think I’m in love." He suddenly released the hands that had firmly gripped my arm to link arms with me, as if to imagine I was Tess.
Okay, this is getting out of hand. I released my bond to attack and she promptly locked her jaw on the top of Elijah’s head, causing him to start screaming more from surprise than pain.
"Oh, sorry..." With Sylvie still dangling on the crown of his head, Elijah let go of my arm and started focusing on the stage below again.
As the crowd settled down enough for Tess to start speaking again, Director Goodsky silently disappeared.

Tess spoke eloquently enough to surprise even me. She was only thirteen, yet she had the ability to draw the crowd’s full attention with her unadorned words filled with maturity. She spoke about the principles of this academy, how this was a holy ground where students should feel safe to walk freely around. Tess emphasized the discipline one would face if anyone hurt another student outside of a consented duel.
"While I may be a first year as all of you are, having given the privilege to be inside the academy a year longer made it all too apparent to me that there is deeply embedded discrimination against the scholar mage students by the battle mage students. I, for one, will not tolerate any sort of aggression or bullying based on the trivial fact that one is a scholar mage student." Tess’ voice never wavered as she stood behind the podium.
The crowd grew a little noisy at this statement, as everyone present had heard rumors of the hardships one may face as a scholar mage student.
"Starting this year, while uniforms and the upper courses required may be different, for the first two years, general education, that contains a mixture of both scholar mage classes and battle mage classes will be mandatory, for better assimilation between the two different types of students. After the two years are up, one may choose to switch their education specialization by taking a test, although it will be quite a difficult one." This last statement drew in dissatisfied complains from amongst the students in the crowd. While both Elijah and I didn’t have to take a test due to my special connection with Director Goodsky, most students, regardless of background, had to test for either a scholar mage or battle mage position.
To get in as a scholar mage, an incoming student only needed a basic foundation of magic, which was mana gathering. While they had to take a written exam to test their mental acuteness, the practical portion of the exam was much more simple. battle mage students, however, had a much stricter practical exam, and actually performed basic spells or techniques depending on whether they were a Conjurer or Augmenter. It may have seemed like a cakewalk for someone like Elijah, Tess, or me, but I admit it could be quite a challenge for someone who had just awakened.
The tall, stern-looking student stepped up next, silencing the crowd with a wave of his hand.
"My name is Clive Graves and I am your Student Vice President. As the President mentioned, this year contains many changes. Along with the assimilation and freedom to move between the two student types, there will also be no limit on how long a student can attend this academy. While in the past, the professors here pushed students to graduate after four years, it is becoming more and more apparent that many graduating mages’ capabilities are becoming less than satisfactory. Therefore, the Director has declared that instead of a time limit on graduating, in order to graduate from Xyrus Academy, one needs to fulfill a list of requirements and pass the graduation exam.
While the conditions to graduate have become many folds harder, the time limit to graduate has increased to ten years. In that time, we fervently hope to produce top class mages in both theoretical and combat fields. We welcome everyone here—humans, elves and dwarves alike—to this Academy." Clive bowed, the rest of the Student Council following him.
The last part of the announcement wasn’t exactly news for any of us. It was announced quite recently though, which made me think that it had something to do with the new Continent. Was this Academy being used to produce higher quality mages in case of a future battle against the new Continent?
"That’s the firstborn son of the famous Graves family! Make sure you don’t get on his bad side," the boy next to me whispered, again, in a pointlessly loud volume.
After finishing up the ceremony, all the new students were dismissed to their dorms. Filing out of the auditorium, my eyes unconsciously looked for Tess, but she was nowhere in sight. Outside, the trees arched over the marble walkways producing small showers of fall-colored leaves. The students were all excitedly chatting amongst their peers, getting to know new people. Walking deeper within the campus to where the dorms were, I saw a few female students pass by Elijah and I, doing a double-take back at us and giggling with their friends.
Elijah sighed. "I feel like I become significantly less better-looking when I’m next to you." Elijah’s shoulders hunched as we walked along side-by-side, Sylvie pitifully patting Elijah’s head from on top of mine.
"Well, even if most come after me, some of the girls will have to eventually settle for you, right buddy?" I teased, giving him a playful wink.
"Screw you." He hit me on the stomach as the both of us laugh.
Suddenly, a loud explosion startled the both of us as well as the students walking around nearby. Something was happening at the end of the marble walkway. After a quick exchange of glances, Elijah and I shot off.
"I don’t see how a short-ass dwarf like you can even hope to be a proper Augmenter. Why don’t you stick to forging some weapons for real warriors like me?"
"What da hell didja say? Who do ya think ya are, anyway?"
I stopped running a good distance away and shook my head when I realized what was going on. It was just stupid posturing between two students. The explosion had been made by the human, hitting his fist on a nearby tree with mana.
"Couldn’t this become dangerous?" Elijah looked around where some of the students had to deliberately walk around the two of them, just in case they started fighting. We were amongst the last to leave the auditorium so most were already deeper within the campus or inside their dorms, so there weren’t many people around but if they did start fighting, some of the students in the vicinity may get caught up in the mess.

"They wouldn’t dare do something like fight on the first day, right? Let’s just go." I tried to nudge my friend to a roundabout route avoiding the two arguing students.
"Come on, we have nothing to do besides unpack anyway! Let’s just see how good they are. Look, the human looks to be a second level augmenter." He pointed at the brawny human.
Looking at them, both the dwarf and human students had battle mage uniforms, but the human had two stripes on his tie while the dwarf only had one.
"My name is Nicolas Dreyl! Declare the duel, short-ass, so we can start! Or are you all bark and no bite?" the human smirked, placing his right hand on the badge pinned to his left breast.
"Tch! Yer gonna be sorry." The dwarf that was a head shorter than his opponent with a bulky build looked awkward wearing the blazer uniform but the way he carried his giant battle-axe with ease told me he was more than what the single stripe on his tie told us.
The metal badge on both the human and dwarf glowed brightly as the dwarf placed a hand on his badge and started chanting. "I declare a duel between me, Broznean Boor, and Nicolas Dreyl!"
"I accept the duel!" The two badges glowed different colors until they synced together, producing a loud ’ping’ sound.
The badge on the battle mage uniform and the pocket watch on the scholar mage uniform acted as artifacts for the dueling system, creating a barrier around the users that could take a certain amount of force. When the barrier broke, the duel was considered over, and the other party the winner. It took around 24 hours for the artifact to charge another barrier where, during that time, dueling was prohibited. Mages of a higher level weren’t allowed to issue a duel with lower levels to keep it fair, which was why the human had to taunt the dwarf to start the duel.
The human mage took out dual swords from his dimension ring and got into a stance as the people around start backing up to avoid getting caught up in the fight.
"Go dwarf!" Elijah started cheering in favor of Broznean, getting dirty looks in the process.
I studied the two augmenters and saw that the level two human was a red core stage mage while the dwarf was still at black stage. This should be interesting.
"HAAP!" The human student roared as his two broadswords glow a dim yellow color and the earth surrounding him started trembling.
"JAH!" The dwarf leaped up and propelled himself forward by pushing off of a nearby tree, charging his battle-axe as well with earth attribute mana.
"Ooh! Both are earth-attribute augmenters, Art!" Elijah got more excited as leaned closer towards the fight as Sylvie curled up, sound asleep on my head.
"Tremor Smash!" the dwarf shouted, placing his left palm on the head of his axe and making the dull glow condense.
With a resounding boom, the power of the blow from the dwarf forced the human to skid back, even as he blocked with both swords. I could see his arms shaking as he grimaced.
The human boy lowered his two swords and dashed towards the dwarf who was already in a defensive stance. The dual swords scraped along the ground. As he got into range, he swung up, a trail of earth followed along, creating twin blades of earth after each sword.
Not bad. While it wasn’t surprising that the dwarf could already use his earth attribute element, it surprised me that a human in the red stage could already augment his earth attribute to that degree. He was talented in that sense.
"Shatter!" The dwarf’s body glowed yellow as he stomped his right foot hard onto the ground, creating a ripple around him that broke the earth blade approaching him into fragments. The dwarf blocked the human’s two actual blades with his axe but got a little scrape on his arm from the upward swing.

"Earth Pillar!" Nick exclaimed. Following the upward swipe, he stomped hard with his leading foot directly in front of the dwarf, creating a pretty fragile column of rock from the ground that hit the dwarf squarely in the stomach.
"Oof!" The dwarf’s body lifted into the air from the force of the blow and his shield broke with loud shattering sound, signaling that the duel was over.
Cheers went off from the humans that gathered but the dwarves amongst the audience groaned in embarrassment.
Elijah just sighed and started to leave but before I turned to follow him, I saw a slight smirk on the human’s face as he once again imbued mana into his two blades.
That fool wasn’t planning on finishing it with that. He was going for the final blow.
If I were to use a long-range technique, that’d create even more problems, but if I went there and directly interfered, everyone would know my face.
I was partly frustrated that Elijah couldn’t figure out that the human was going to cast another technique. If Elijah interfered with a spell, it would be more natural since he was a conjurer.
There was this way, too. Sorry, Tess.
"Is that the student council president I see coming over?" I deliberately yelled louder so that the human boy that won the duel would be startled.
Just like I anticipated, he clicked his tongue and put his swords back into his dimension ring, jerking his eyes around to find the president.
The crowd that was talking amongst their friends, analyzing the duel, all started looking around for Tess.
"Where’s the student council president?" Elijah stretched his neck above the crowd to look for her.
"Oops! I must’ve been mistaken!" I just shrugged my shoulders and turned to walk past when a hand firmly grasped my shoulder.
"Are you picking a fight with me or something, brat?" It was the human that was just dueling; Nick or Nicole or whatever.
"Yeah! What the hell, man?! Getting us excited for nothing!" I saw some of the humans evidently disappointed at not being able to see their idol in person.
"I thought I saw her. Once again, my bad." I used my hand to peel his hand off my shoulder, giving him a wink.
"Yeah, your bad." He snatched his hand away before he walked off, spitting on the ground in front of my feet.
"You know, a good piece of advice if you want to graduate. I don’t think killing that dwarf boy would’ve done you any good." I stood still as Sylvie spat directly at the back of his neck.
He instantly whirled back around with his two swords in his hands once again. I could almost see a vein bulging out of his forehead like it would in a cartoon.
"Pfft." Oops, I shouldn’t laugh in this situation. I took a quick glance back and saw that Elijah was just shaking his head, knowing it was too late.
"You dare—?" The thirteen-year-old boy with swords too large for his immature body dashed towards me in a manner I found clumsy, preparing to cross-chop with his two blades, his face bright red in anger.
I raised an eyebrow as I lifted one hand up to stop the blow. Why make myself look foolish?
Just as I prepared to shatter his two swords, a voice stopped him straight in his tracks. It was the voice that all of the new students heard not too long ago, and the voice probably every male had fallen in love with. It was also the voice of my childhood friend.
"Do you dare?"





The face of the dual-wielding boy visibly paled as he froze at the unmistakable voice. I turned to see that the whole student council was walking towards us through a gap created by the students.
Taking calm but hurried strides in the front was Tess, her doll-like face expressionless. Behind her, I spotted Lilia, who gave me a worried look.
My attacker immediately recalled his two blades into his dimension ring and gave a respectful bow towards them, sweat beading down his forehead.
"What is going on, Arthur?" Jarrod is the one that spoke up, making everyone in the crowd raise an eyebrow in surprise.
"Looks like the scholar Mage knows someone from the student council."
"No wonder he was acting so cocky just now."
"Pfft. Did you see him raise up his arm like he was going to stop the attack with his bare hands?"
I couldn’t help but roll my eyes at the whispers from the crowd. Even for preteen children, I had expected them to be taught manners to some degree since they were all from influential families.
"No, nothing much happened, although you should go take a look at that dwarf student lying over there—Boznean, I think that was his name." I pointed over to the tree where the dwarf was still groaning while clutching his stomach.
Elijah walked towards me, hoping to distill the situation. "Hi, Lilia. Sorry, we ended up getting caught up in this little scuffle after the duel between them ended. No harm done!" He gave a slight wave at her as he started talking while directing his words at Tess, her face still shrouded in a mask of apathy.
"Still, this student was about to attack you when a duel wasn’t even issued. This is a serious offense." Lilia stepped up, her gaze a bit sterner as she pulled out a small notebook and jotted something down.
While Lilia, Jarrod, and Elijah were talking about what exactly happened, Tessia’s piercing eyes drilled into me, as if she was expecting me to do something. Honestly, even with extended life experience, I have no confidence in what to do when it came to these situations.
Did she want me to treat her respectfully as the student council president? Did she want me to treat her as a childhood friend? Did she want to keep our past relationship a secret as a whole?
’It’s Mama!’ Sylvie ’kyu’d’ on top of my head, and I had to firmly tell her to hold still and not go to her.
Meanwhile, the crowd was getting more and more rowdy, the males doing the best they could to get a better look at Tess, hoping to engrain her image into their memories to use in times of loneliness or longing.
"You. I believed I asked you a question. Do you dare?" She took a step forward, her eyes boring down on the second-year student. I was thinking that the student was technically a level higher than Tess, but when I took a look at the ribbon that was tied neatly underneath her collar, it had two stripes as well.
"N-No. Of course I would never dare break the rules like that. I simply wanted to scare the boy—I had planned to stop before my weapon would hit him. But seeing that I was still acting rashly, I apologize," he said, shooting me a threatening glare as he bowed to Tess.
"Leave." Her eyes continued to look down at him as he shuffled a good distance away before he turned around and ran out of sight, a few of the boys in the crowd following after him; most likely the ones that fanned the flame in this whole scuffle.

"And you! Why are you starting a fight with a senior on the first day of school? You should know your place! No matter how rowdy he may have been, he is still your senior and he didn’t break the rules when dueling with the other student. Furthermore, he is a battle mage student while you are a scholar mage student. Did you not pay attention to my speech about discrimination between the two sects of students here? Yet, you still chose to interfere, making these types of problems apparent on the first day!" She knit her arms tightly as her stern gaze bore down on me, her face flushed with either anger or embarrassment—which of the two, I couldn’t tell.
"What?" My gaze narrowed as I asked, unsure if I heard her correctly.
I took a step forward this time, and I could see Elijah’s eyes widen in horror as he realized I was going to go past the point of no return.
"Correct me if I’m wrong, but it seems to me like you’re lecturing me based on a presumption you drew from the last five seconds of stumbling upon this situation. Are you really lecturing me, right now?" I took another step forward and I could see Tess’s once haughty face beginning to crumble.
"He was about to seriously injure or even kill that dwarf lying there right now, after the duel system broke. If I hadn’t stopped that arrogant brat, you would’ve had to deal with a murder case, not an unregulated fight between two students," I continued, my voice coming out louder than I had wanted to.
"I apologize for the trouble I’ve caused, Student Council President," I said icily, stunning everyone, including Tess.
As soon as I turned around, a hard lump formed in my throat from the guilt. I had just mocked the students for their immaturity, but here I was, acting the same way. I had forgotten that Tess was just a thirteen-year-old girl, yet I had expected her to act in a way that even I couldn’t.
Elijah followed closely behind as I kept walking, my pride keeping me from turning back around.
What a lovely reunion.
"Hold it, first year." Clive Graves ran towards me, grabbing me by the arm as he tried to spin me back around. "Were you raised in a cave? Are these the manners your mother taught you growing up? Do you even know who she is?"
Holding firm, I stopped and looked at him over my shoulder.
I knew from first glance that I would’ve never gotten along with him, but his words somehow had the power to irk me more than most fools. Was I raised in a cave? Was he seriously deprecating my mother?
"Let go." The malice dripping in my voice startled even Elijah as he instinctively took a step back. Clive immediately released my arm, jumping away as he guarded himself with mana.
I took a quick glance at Tess and realized she’d fallen down, more from surprise than out of fear. There was a brief moment where I asked myself if I should help her back up, but as a crowd quickly formed around her to make sure she was okay, I simply let out a sigh and continued my way towards the dorm. Elijah trailed behind as gasps and startled murmurs resounded behind us.
"President Tessia, please get back up! Are you okay?"
"Who the hell was that? I think Treasurer Jarrod called him Arthur, right?"
"Oh man, he is so screwed. He just told off the student council president of the academy."
Elijah took a few hurried steps to catch up to me, eventually walking by my side. "You know what you just did, right? Man, you sure love attracting trouble, don’t you? First the dungeon and now this?" He shook his head but continued to follow me as he reassured me nonverbally that he’d remain by my side.
I almost chuckled at the fact that no one knew my history with Tess until another wave of guilt twisted my insides. Maybe I was bit too harsh on her—no I was definitely too harsh on her. She’s still just a little girl! I shouldn’t have lost my patience just because she acted her age.

As the guilt consumed my thoughts, I slapped my cheeks and decided to let nature take its course—because that was always the best course of action to take in a relationship.
School should at least be this exciting, right? I comforted myself. I wasn’t really mad at her, but for some reason, my patience had grown thin at that moment. I knew I should reconcile with her before it became too awkward but I got the feeling that the timing was going to be an issue.
Elijah and I had managed to make it to our dorm building without further trouble. There were two male dorms and two female dorms within the academy. The two set of dorms were separated by underclassmen and upperclassmen. Underclassmen were students that were still taking their general education classes. These students were then moved into the upperclassmen dorms after they’d finished their general education courses and had formally decided on what type of student they were going to be.
The underclassmen dorms were simple, to say the least. It was clean and well-kept but lackluster in terms of furniture or decorations. It was a warm beige-colored interior with stairs that went all the way up to the top floor, where each floor contained a narrow hallway lined with rooms.
"Room 394. We’re here!" Elijah unlocked the door by placing his palm on a round stone above the handle. It looked to be a simple artifact used to read basic mana signatures. As soon as he had opened the door, Sylvie bolted into the room, immediately making a nest out of one of the beds.
The room wasn’t nearly as fancy as the one in the Helstea Manor but had a very homey feel. Walking in, to our right were two closets and to our left was a small bathroom crammed with two adjacent sinks, a shower and toilet.
Two beds were placed side by side, separated by a nightstand placed against the left side of the wall while on the right side was a long drawer for folded clothes. The sleeping area and the studying area were divided by a wall that came up to our waist, with three elevated steps leading to an arrangement of desks and couches. The two desks were placed against walls opposite of each other so we would be seated facing away while studying. A long couch was positioned against the miniature wall, separating the desks from the beds. The far side of the wall was made almost entirely of glass, which instantly attracted me towards it. The view encompassed a big portion of the campus, which was currently a canvas of fall colors. Looking at it from here, I would have no idea that this place was an institute for mages without being told so.
I took a seat on the couch, somewhat excited about the days to come. Sylvie leaned against the window, looking out at the view.
"Ahh! We didn’t even have dinner yet but I’m already pooped! I wonder whose fault that is?" Elijah jumped on the far bed that was right behind the couch, the one that Sylvie hadn’t claimed as hers.
I fell onto the couch, my body practically melting from fatigue. My eyes glazed over, staring off into the sky outside my window until I noticed the pile of luggage cases that were brought in by our driver beforehand. Letting out a sigh, I turned away and denied their existence, dreading the hours of unpacking to come.
TESSIA ERALITH’S POV:
GAAHHHHHH! I screwed up. I screwed up. I screwed up. I TOTALLY screwed up!
I buried my head into my pillow and screamed my lungs out in frustration.
"MMMMMMMFFFFFFFFFPPPHHH!" We were supposed to have an emotional, romantic reunion! Well, it was emotional, but in the complete opposite direction! Why did I even say all of that anyway? Why did I lash out at him? I know Art would never pick a fight without a reason but I just went and told him off on something I didn’t even see! Gah!! I’m so stupid!
I bet he hates me now...
Why did I say that! I even brought up my speech! Bahhh! I must’ve sounded like such a snob! But still, we were in a crowd like that and he did have some fault in the commotion. B-But...
I’m sure he hates me now...
If Art just greeted me or even just talked to me normally, I wouldn’t have said that! That’s right! It’s all Art’s fault! He even ignored me when I came all the way there to help settle the mess he was in! He didn’t even say hi! I wasn’t expecting a full-blown hug or even a k-k-kiss or something! Just a ’long time no see, Tess,’ would’ve been fine! Who was that black-haired guy that reminds me of a raven, anyway? Is he his friend? Best friend? It seemed like the both of them knew Lilia and Jarrod! Gahh! This is so frustrating!
I screamed into my pillow again in hopes of releasing some of my frustration. "MMMMMFFFFFF!"

A sudden knock on my door jolted me upright.
"This is Clive...I’m here to check up on you. Are you feeling okay?" I heard the muffled voice through the door.
I quietly cleared my throat before I responding. "I’m fine, thank you." I used my ’public’ voice, as I called it, which made me sound much colder.
"Who was that first year, anyway? I can’t believe he dared lecture you like that when you were trying to give him advice! Should I talk to the director about this? We could get him punished and—"
"It’s fine, so leave. Don’t go to the director, either...that’s an order." I spoke harsher than I usually did to get the point across. How dare he badmouth Art. Only I can badmouth him.
I fell back onto my pillow after I heard the faint sound of his footsteps leaving. Dorms were separated by gender and class while before, it was separated by the type of student you were. For the student councils though, we each had our own room in a building that was right next to the Director’s office. It was uncomfortable living with guys in the same house, but Lilia was here, and the guys were generally okay, so I didn’t mind too much.
Stupid Arthur. Did you know how much I wanted to scream out your name and run to you when I saw you in the audience? Even if he was far away, how could I ever miss that bright auburn hair with a mana beast resting on top of his head! Sylvie looked really different from when she had first hatched but that didn’t surprise me. The fact that she was a dragon was something that should’ve shocked me but with Art, nothing he ever did could surprise me... he was just like that.
"Haaa...." I didn’t even have the energy to scream in frustration anymore. I wanted to blame Art for all of this but I knew he wasn’t all at fault. He probably wanted to keep our relationship a secret for me since I was a public figure here. But still... Why was Art only dumb when it comes to a girl’s heart?
Dummy...
I hope he doesn’t hate me...
There were so many questions I wanted to ask him too. What has he been doing? How was his time as an adventurer? Did he get hurt anywhere? Did he miss me? Did he think of me at all these past four years?
I wanted to brag to him how much stronger I’d gotten too... After directly training under the director, my skills as a conjurer improved by leaps and bounds. I would’ve trained under Grandpa, but it wasn’t the best idea because he was an augmenter, which limited what he could teach me. He taught me the basics of mana manipulation but as far as going down the route of a conjurer, the director knew a lot more. She was also familiar with the differences in elves and humans, which helped her train me specifically.
Grandpa knew I had great potential because, when I first awakened, I created an implosion that blew up my entire room and part of the downstairs kitchen. That was back when Art used to live with us. That was when I had to wake him up every day too.
I sniffled.
Oh no. I shouldn’t start crying. Art wouldn’t hate me just for that, would he? I should just clear things up with him and apologize. He wouldn’t ignore me, right?
’Curse his ignorance and insensitivity towards the female heart!’
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
I watched idly as Sylv took a nap beside me on the couch, her tiny body heaving up and down with each tiny breath.
"It’s not like you to explode like that all of a sudden though, Art. It would’ve made more sense for you to just ignore her and walk off, right?" Elijah was still lying down in his bed, his hand propping his head up as he faced me.
"Well, I admit I shouldn’t have exploded but I couldn’t help—"
We both turned our heads to the door when two brisk knocks interrupted our conversation.
"That’s strange, who would want to see us on the first day? Maybe our neighbors are just saying hello?" Elijah got up to answer the door.
"Who is..." After a brief silence, I turned to see Elijah frozen still. Getting up to see what was going on, I saw Director Goodsky standing nonchalantly at the door, smiling at me.
"Good evening, Arthur. Elijah. May I come in?"





"D-D-Director Goodsky! I-It’s an honor to meet you in person." Elijah gave a forceful bow that looked almost comedic towards the ever-graceful Cynthia Goodsky.
He lifted his head back up too quickly, almost dropping his glasses in the process while the director gave a polite smile, the crow’s feet around her eyes adding to her charm.
"Please come in, Director Goodsky. Elijah, stop blocking the doorway." I pulled out the chair from my desk, motioning for the director to take a seat on the sofa.
"I told you to call me ’Cynthia.’" She pouted as she almost floated past Elijah and took a seat on the couch, the door closing on its own. The amount of harmony she had with the wind element continued to amaze me, as the air around her almost seem to bend to her will without even a command.
"I don’t think it would be wise of a twelve-year-old with no background to be on a first-name basis with the director of the most prestigious academy in this continent." I chuckled as I took a seat on my desk chair while she sat cross-legged on the couch cushion, her back straight and proper.
"My...your bond has changed a lot in appearance since the last time we met. Intriguing." Cynthia tried to hold Sylvie, who was curled on the couch, but she hopped out of her reach and nestled herself on top of my head.
"Haha, as shy as before, I see." She gave Sylvie one last studying look before turning her gaze to me. "Hmmm...how peculiar. I seem to only sense wind and earth attribute mana inside of you. Are you, by chance, using a seal?" She tilted her head to the side while Elijah stood ramrod straight behind her, as if in front of a commanding officer in war.
I lifted my left arm to reveal my bracelet with two charms dangling on it to answer her question.
"Can’t say I’m not disappointed. I was hoping to go around flaunting you as my little protégé but I guess even a dual elemental augmenter is rare enough to do so. Though you becoming a scholar mage student was something that I definitely expected." She let out a soft chuckle.
"I was planning on paying a visit to your office to update you on some things but it saves me the trouble with you coming here, I guess. I’ve probably made an enemy from a not-so-friendly family while I was an adventurer so I don’t want to give him any reasons to suspect me, at least not right now." I leaned back in my chair, studying the two charms attached to my bracelet.
"Yes, I’ve read the reports on the case between Adventurer Note, and Adventurer Lucas Wykes. Quite a troublesome foe you’ve managed to procure. Since they are a military house, I do have a certain amount of authority over his family, but they have too many hidden workings that continue to elude us." Director Cynthia rubbed her chin, trying to think of a solution.
"It’s fine. I don’t consider that an urgent matter. He’s just a chore I’ll have to get around to finishing someday. If I do something rash now and it blows back to my friends and family, that’s when it will be a problem. I would actually like your help with another matter." I put my elbows on my knees as I leaned forward towards Director Cynthia.
"Please speak," she kindly replied.

"I want to take higher level mana theory classes, especially those on deviants," I stated simply.
"Hmm... That wouldn’t be too difficult to do, but Arthur, wasn’t one of your main reasons for attending this academy to fit in with your peers?" She eyed me in a scrutinizing manner.
"I don’t mind taking these extra classes on top of my normal ones, where I would be with students my age. I’m just impatient to learn a bit more about deviant mana manipulation since I’ve hit a ceiling on that recently." I almost blurted out, ’since there was no deviation magic in my old world.’
"Fine. I can make that happen, and I can even give you a pass to permit you to observe the upper class top mages’ mock battles as well." She sounded magnanimous but I only eyed her suspiciously.
"Okay... So what’s the catch?" I raised an eyebrow.
"Arthur, I’m heartbroken! I only wanted to do this for your growth!" She over-exaggeratedly placed a hand on top of her heart, as if genuinely offended.
"Art! You’re being rude to the director!" Elijah looked a little panicked, as he couldn’t see the director’s facial expression as she did this.
I smiled at her, waiting silently for an answer.
Goodsky sighed. "Very well. Of course I believe it’s only fair to receive some compensation for doing these kinds of favors for you," she caved in, baffling Elijah.
"I hope you don’t say something absurd like joining the student council." I shook my head.
"I heard of your little bout with the princess earlier," she laughed as my face turned a bit red in embarrassment.
"I didn’t expect the ever calm and composed Arthur Leywin to explode like that. I guess Princess Eralith is a bit special?" She was still snickering at my embarrassment.
"Wait, what does she mean by that, Art?" Elijah walked towards us so he could see the both of us now, although he remained standing out of respect towards Cynthia.

Before the Director answered, she looked to me to see if I was okay with it. After giving her an unconcerned shrug, she told Elijah. "Your best friend also happens to be the childhood friend of our lovely student council president." The Director’s lips curled up into a sly grin, as if she was just a teenager telling some rich gossip.
I was a little worried that Elijah’s jaw might unhinge by how much his face slacked. I could see a mixture of emotions, from shock to betrayal to envy, all in his face.
"How? When? What?" He couldn’t produce complete sentences as he tried to wrap his head around the whole situation.
Ignoring him, I turned back to Cynthia. "How did you find out, anyway?" I asked, curious. "I’m not surprised that you know but it shouldn’t be something you could just randomly stumble upon either."
"Haha, about that... Virion Eralith happens to be an old acquaintance of mine. I didn’t tell anyone else, but I did excitedly mention to him that my academy would be receiving a gifted quadra-elemental mage in a couple of years. He and I were quite competitive since way back, but he took the news quite calmly, which made me suspicious. However, I didn’t find out until I took in his granddaughter as my disciple. Do you know the first thing she said when I took her in?"
I could tell she was trying to hold in her laughter, but why? I just shook my head in defeat, my face becoming even a deeper shade of red.
"’When is Arthur Leywin going to start attending this school?’" Director Cynthia said in a high-pitched voice, attributable to a younger Tess. For how grand and mysterious she might seem to everyone else, here she was, laughing like a preteen, taking joy in my embarrassment.
"What? Art! How do you know her?" I could tell that Elijah practically wanted to choke the answers out of me but was holding it in since the director was still here. Although, she probably wouldn’t have minded.
"Eventually, I pieced two and two together. Really...Being trained by Virion, I feel somewhat betrayed, Arthur." She put on a pouting face again.
By this time, Elijah had just sunk into his desk chair, giving up, done with life.
"I don’t mean to intrude in on your love life but she thinks very highly of you, Arthur. I’m sure she didn’t mean to come across as the way she did earlier. My training regimen is not easy and the few that have tried before her have failed. The reason she is able to keep up and continue to train under me is because of her desire to catch up to you, Arthur. Even you must realize that you acted quite immaturely back there." She caught me off guard, suddenly scolding me like a disappointed mother.
"Yeah. I know how dumb I acted there as well, no need to remind me." I sighed, leaning further back into my seat.
"You will make up with her soon, right? I’d hate to see my disciple disheartened while she trains." She smiled at me gently before continuing. "What I want from you is not to be in the student council, but actually be a part of a committee that is going to start this year. The disciplinary committee."

I knew she would want me to do to something like this. "Forget it. I don’t need the theory classes. I’ll just teach myself from the books in the library." I shook my head.
"The books on deviants aren’t accessible to underclassmen and even for upperclassmen, you need to show that you are a deviant—something you can’t do right now, right?" She calmly refuted my plans.
"Being part of this disciplinary committee or whatever...how does that make sense? I’m a new student that’s in this academy as a scholar mage, What would the other members think, anyway?" I tried to reason.
"While they might not agree at first, with some time, I believe you will be more than capable of changing their minds, even with your self-placed handicap." Director Goodsky threw in a playful wink, seemingly dead set on going through with this.
"Arthur, unlike the student council members that are chosen on a broader criteria, the disciplinary committee will be strictly based on strength. Your responsibilities won’t nearly be as much as the student council, and being in the disciplinary committee will give you the chance to work with students, some of which are also deviants, that are all strong in their own fields." Her arguments were getting stronger.
"You mentioned that the disciplinary committee members are based on strength—" Before I finished my sentence, she cut me off.
"No, Lucas Wykes will not be on the disciplinary committee if that is what you are curious about. Arthur, this opportunity is something that other students would take as an honor. I insist on you taking it." She leaned in, her face a bit more serious now.
"..." My head bent down as I thought things over. On top of regular and extra classes, I would have to do committee work, putting a big strain on my individual training time, which I was still figuring out where to do in secret.
As if she read my mind, she threw out her final offer. "Since the amount of work may be a bit too much on top of class and independent study, how about I offer you access to a private training facility where you won’t need to worry about anyone intruding." She pointed at my bracelet.
"Please, Arthur, I really feel like this could be a good deal for the both of us in the long run." Her face softened a bit as she showed sincerity.
I started thinking about how being in the disciplinary committee would fit into my plans, and finding no particular detriment in agreeing to this, I answered. "Fine, I’ll agree to be a part of the disciplinary committee." My shoulders loosened as I let out a sigh.
"Good! Since classes start tomorrow, I will give your new schedule to your first period professor. Here is your new uniform I prepared in the case of good news. The knife is just meant to be the symbol of the disciplinary committee, but it is quite expensive so do take care not to lose it." She gave me a wink as she threw me a tailored uniform with a sheathed knife and strap. It irritated me that she already had this prepared before she came in, even if it was ’just in case’.
It dawned on me that even with my previous life and this life put together, both Grandpa Virion and Director Goodsky would still be older than me; after all, I only lived until my late thirties, around where I was getting past my prime as a duelist. I’d been so caught up in the fact that I had two lives that it didn’t occur to me that there were still people here that were older. Of course, I still had the advantage over traditional mages here because where I came from, the ’magic’ usage was a lot more advanced.
The advantage that the older mages from this world had have, however, was that they were used to the amount of mana in the atmosphere here and had mastered it to a certain degree.
I guess even with two lives, there was still bound to be someone wiser.
I involuntarily shook the thoughts out of my head, causing Director Goodsky to tilt her head in curiosity.
"Now that the matter I’ve come to settle is settled, I shall take my leave! Enjoy your first dinner here and do please patch things up with my dear Tessia as fast as you can. I don’t want my precious disciple to keep moping." She wisped away, leaving me wondering why she didn’t just enter like that. It was probably to respect our privacy or something.
As soon as Director Goodsky left, a shadow loomed over me as Elijah peered down at me, his facial expression akin to a demon’s.
"You’ve got some explaining to do." And I swore I thought I saw pointed teeth as he smirked evilly.





I couldn’t help but pat Elijah on the shoulder, as it looked like his soul was about to escape from his mouth. There were shadows underneath his lifeless eyes, his sunken cheeks making him look like a hollow skeleton.
"There, there..." I sighed. Even Sylvie took pity on him as she hopped off of my head and landed on his, biting the crown of his head to stir him awake.
His ghastly eyes bore into me as he turned his head. "... Not fair," he mumbled.
"What?" I leaned in closer to better hear what he was whispering.
He leaned in closer to me, his lips almost touching my ears. "IT’S NOT FAIR, GODDAMMIT!"
"AHH!" I jumped in surprise as my ears start ringing. "What the hell! Don’t shout in my ear!" I stirred my pinky inside my ear canal to wipe away the stray spit that had been launched inside by my bitter friend.
"Looks, talent, and even luck with girls! Why do you have everything?" He placed both of his hands on my arm, a concentrated expression across his face.
Confused by this seemingly random action, I asked, "What are you doing?"
"...Trying to see if I can absorb some of your Arthurness," he mumbled, still concentrating.
"Are you dumb?" I shook my head, waving his hands off of me.
On our way to the dining hall a bit down from the dorms, I explained briefly to Elijah how I met Tess—he really hated how I called her that—inside the Forest of Elshire. The whole time I was telling him the story, from living inside the kingdom of Elenoir’s Castle with Tess to learning mana manipulation from her Grandfather, I could almost see my words pierce through him as his life slowly drained from him.
"Do you know how attractive dwarves are, Art?" He leaned in a bit too close for comfort while the both of us kept walking.
"H-How much?" I peeled my head back from my overly emotional companion.
"NOT. AT. ALL," he said matter-of-factly. "The sense of beauty that dwarves hold is the complete opposite of humans, Art! I may have been raised in their kingdom but there will never come a day when I can empathize with their definition of ’attractive.’"
I laughed, unable to wrap my head around what an attractive female would look like to the dwarves, but I asked anyway. "Haha! Elaborate for me how devastating your life was."

"When I turned eight, my grandfather, the elder who took care of me, introduced me to whom he hoped would be my future wife. The whole week prior, he was going on and on about how beautiful and elegant she was. When she showed up, I swear I thought I was looking at a man, Art." His body shivered from the thought of recalling his past nightmare.
"Her name was Helgarth, and I swear she made me fear for my chastity. Her square jaw, her trunk-like, veiny limbs, her long, thick nose...She had a s-stubble on her upper lip, Art. She had FACIAL HAIR at the age of nine, Art!" Elijah was shaking me at this point, as I couldn’t stop laughing.
"Okay, okay, I get it! You were a very deprived young boy who started going through puberty much too early for his age." I shrugged with my palms up while trying to calm my fit of laughter.
"You spend your childhood filled with masculine woman who go around showing off their bulging arms and see how you turn out when you see normal girls." He shook his head, returning back to his lifeless self.
"Well... You are in the most prestigious school as a battle mage student, and you’re probably at least a full stage ahead of anyone in our class, so just show off your skills. You’re bound to land someone, somehow," I said, optimistically.
"Your pity is literally hurting me." He sighed, making the both of us laugh.
"I personally like your new uniform better," Elijah mentioned as he studied me. "It makes you seem more strong and unapproachable somehow." He nodded in agreement at his own statement.
The new uniform I received from Director Cynthia wasn’t too different in terms of looks from my Scholar Mage uniform.
It was composed of a white dress shirt with a single black stripe on the mid-arm above the elbows, and a light gray vest. Both the new vest and dark gray pants were made from a different material though, with special engravings on the inside that made me suspect that it had protecting qualities to it. In place of my pocket watch on the breast pocket, however, was a strap that went across my chest and snugged in around my shoulder, holding my sheathed, silver knife over my heart. A gold string replaced the red string that I had tied around, underneath my collar, giving my whole attire a more royal look.
I looked down and let out a sigh. I had to admit that the uniform did look good, but I didn’t like gaudy clothes like this. There was also an outerwear piece that I was supposed to receive later when it was properly fitted for me.
"So, what are you going to do about the disciplinary committee?" Elijah asked me a bit more seriously.
I tilted my head, not knowing what he was implying. "What do you mean?"
Shrugging his shoulders, he looked forward, realizing we were almost at the dining hall. "I mean, I know you’re already part of this new committee and all, but are you going to really take it seriously and stuff? It sounds like a lot of work."
True. The director wanted me to be a part of this new committee but didn’t really specify what exactly I had to do. "I’ll try my best. I might as well give it my all since I’ve decided on going through with it, right? Besides, Ellie is going to be attending this academy in a few years. I need to do my best to pave a path for her so when she does come, it’ll be easier on her." I opened the door, welcomed by the students’ indistinguishable conversations and the hearty aroma of meat and herbs.
As the both of us stepped in, the hall turned quiet and I could feel the stares of the students as they studied us. Ignoring the glares and the occasional curious glances, we made our way into the line and got our food, situating ourselves in a back corner.
"Looks like you’re already popular, Art." Elijah smirked as he picked up a piece of roasted meat with his fork.

"What can I say?" I gave an arrogant hair flip and the both of us started laughing.
"Ah! Don’t forget that we have the club rush tomorrow morning!" Elijah said, his mouth full of meat.
I let out a sigh at this. "Oh yeah... I have to go to the auditorium pretty early tomorrow. The disciplinary committee is being officially announced before the club rush starts tomorrow." I played around a bit with my vegetables before trying to give them to Sylvie, who promptly rejected them.
Director Cynthia had left me a note with a couple instructions along with the new uniform.
"That means you’re going to meet the rest of the disciplinary committee! How exciting! Wake me up before you leave then."
"Will do." I picked up a piece of roasted meat for myself but Sylvie stole it before it reached my mouth.
We conversed about the clubs Elijah should join and the classes we had. As it turned out, the disciplinary committee met every morning, which irked me. Looks like I’ll finally break my poor sleeping habits.
Besides that, my daily class schedule consisted of: Fundamentals of Mana Theory, Practical Mana Manipulation, and Basics of Artificing.
After lunch was when my upper division classes would start. Those classes were Deviant Magic Theory I, Team Fighting Mechanics I, and Spell Formations I.
During the fall semester, there were a lot more upper division classes for battle mage students while the spring semester classes consisted of a wider variety for scholar mage students.
Most students only took 3-4 classes a semester but I was essentially loaded with double the classes, my last class ending at 7 in the evening, not leaving me any time for clubs. As for Elijah, we only had Fundamentals of Mana Theory together; his other classes comprised of Basic Chain-Casting and Mana Utilization I.
Clubs geared towards upper-division students met before lunch, since their classes were all in the evening, and vice-versa for underclassmen. "Maybe I should join a hand-to-hand fighting club. I heard that more and more conjurers are trying to become at least a bit adept at close-range fighting, just in case," he pondered while shoving another piece of meat into his mouth.
"Mmm yeah, I heard that from my father. He’s been telling me that there are some conjurers that wants to be recruited to learn close-ranging fighting, though I don’t exactly know how that’d work." I wondered why I didn’t feel full even when my plate was empty, but then I realized that I’d barely eaten any of the meat thanks to Sylvie, who was now ’kyu’ing in satisfaction on top of my head.
During our meal, the both of us could tell that people were conversing about us, with looks being shot every now and then from random people. However, none of them actually came up to us until now.
A group of students, all with battle mage uniforms, walked up to our table, completely ignoring my existence. The leader of the group, a tall male with wavy brown hair that was parted in the middle, stuck his hand out to Elijah.
"My name is Charles Ravenpor II, born from the famous Ravenpor Family. I’m sure you’ve heard of it, right? I couldn’t help but notice you spending time with someone beneath you. I’m being especially courteous today in letting you be in our group." His chin stuck out, confident that Elijah would take his hand.

"You should be honored to be part of the Ravenpor Group," one of the groupies echoed in the back.
"The Ravenpoop Family? Never heard of a family named after a bird’s feces. Have you, Art?" Elijah looked at me with a very clueless look, making me laugh through my nose.
"No, but I’d be very embarrassed to be in family like the Ravenpoop, even if I did know of them." I tried to hide my smile as I played along in this immature exchange.
Some of the students nearby who were listening in on our conversation started snickering.
"Y-You... How dare you mock a prestigious family like the RavenPOR House?" Charles slammed his fist on our table, emphasizing his house name, which made them laugh even more.
"I am a second class student that should be shown respect! I reached out to you, a newbie, because I didn’t want a battle mage student to lower himself by being with a scholar trash student, but you instead spit in my face like this?" His hand was already twitching to reach for the wand strapped to his right leg.
Elijah looked him dead in the eye and refuted, "First of all, it’s scholar MAGE student. Arthur is just as much of a mage as any battle mage student. Second, why would I go with someone who blatantly looks down on my best friend and roommate? Third, it’s obvious you’re not here out of kindness towards me but here because of hostility towards Arthur, so stop your childish show and go piss off."
I had to admit that when my friend put on a serious expression, coupled with his naturally sharp features, he did look quite scary.
Issuing duels inside a facility not meant for battle was prohibited so using magic inside the dining hall would result in quite a big punishment, but that didn’t seem to stop Mr. Ravenpor here.
Wind gathered around him as he struggled to keep his anger under control. "Jack!" he roared, the wind settling down around him as he called forth one of his minions.
A boy that had a face that looked around 13 but a body that looked too big for his age stepped up from the back.
"Show these brats how things work around here," he growled, stepping back.
Jack looked a little hesitant but Charles barked that he’d be properly compensated, making Jack reveal a wicked grin as he fit a clawed gauntlet over his fists.
"Sucks for you," he simply smirked, cracking his neck before splitting the table in half.
The dining hall was in a commotion by now as the students all gathered around, some standing up on the tables to get a better view.
Elijah protected his face in surprise as the table split into pieces but I remained unfazed, my legs crossed as I took a sip from the water cup I was holding, while even Sylvie had fallen asleep.
"Are you crazy?! This is a dining facility!" Elijah shouted as he stood up to face Jack, who cracked his clawed fists.
"Don’t matter. Boss is going to take care of everything anyway. Keep your teeth clenched now." He smirked as his right fist glowed with non-attribute mana.
He was a second-class student as well by the two stripes on his black tie, but even without an attribute, his core was still dark orange, which, for his age, was pretty damn good.
Elijah’s right hand glowed, his two rings a dim yellow as he prepared a spell, but I’d already noticed that Jack’s pitiful killing intent was directed towards me, not my friend.
I didn’t even look up and prepared to settle this quickly but once again, before I got the chance to do anything, vines shot out from the ground and wrapped tightly around Jack.





It only took a couple of moments for the vines to completely encase Jack. As he struggled to break free, the vines twisted tighter, turning his face into an ugly shade of purple.
While most were confused, Charles seemed to know exactly what was going on as his face paled and he immediately stepped away from the commotion he’d created. Elijah was a bit surprised as well, his head turning left and right to see who used the spell, but the person responsible had yet to show herself.
Standing up, I faced the suffocating Jack, who’d given up his struggle against the vines. The atmosphere in the dining hall turned tense as everyone stayed silent, waiting for the perpetrator of the spell to show up. Giving Elijah a meaningful glance, I silently lifted my arm, placing my palm on the vines as I released the spell. Holding back on the amount of mana I used, I willed a sharp gale of wind from my palm.
[Torrent]
The Ravenpor groupies behind Jack covered themselves against the sharp gale as they got caught in the attack as well. With the spell, I so graciously freed Jack from the vines that were choking him, but in the process, shredded his clothes as well, leaving him the same way he came out from his unfortunate mother’s womb.
Jack plopped to his knees, coughing and gasping for air. Without either a word or a change in expression, I turned and walked towards Charles, who was still trying to discreetly make his way out of the dining hall. He was by the wall, almost in front of the main doors, when I unsheathed the Disciplinary Committee knife I received from the director, imbued wind mana into it, and threw it. The knife cut through the air and pierced through his blazer, pinning him against the wall.
"What the hell?" He yelped as I came face to face with him.
"Maybe it’s just me but I find it pathetic when brats like you who come from noble families beat your chest for something that you never even earned. Before bragging about how powerful your family is, be competent enough to at least not embarrass them." I pulled out the knife he was struggling to remove in one swift swipe and left through the door, not looking back.
The brisk autumn air greeted me as I closed the door, my breath becoming visible in a cloud in front of me.
’It’s Mama!’ Sylvie’s head shot up from atop my head.
I ignored my bond, looking up at the night sky illuminated by countless star as I spoke out loud. "You know, you could’ve killed him if I didn’t disrupt the spell."
Just a few meters away to my left, the familiar voice responded. "I was going to cancel it once he passed out. Besides, I know you were going to handle it."
"Oh, now you leave it up to me? What stopped you from doing the same this morning after the ceremony?" I snickered.
"..."
I walked toward the figure that was leaning against the wall of the building, her face and other recognizable features masked by the shadow of the starry night.
By her silence, I could already picture what sort of troubled expression she had on her face. I stood in front of the figure, close enough to see her face, but she was looking down so I could only see the crown of her silvery gunmetal hair that seemed to shimmer in the moonlight.
"Ahem," I awkwardly coughed, covering my mouth with a fist. The silence between us felt like an eternity. Finally, she glanced up, revealing her face as she fiddled with her hands behind her back.
"..."
"I’m sorr—Oww!"
The awkward atmosphere surrounding us instantly dissipated as we head-butted each other in our attempts to bow in apology at the same time.
I couldn’t help but burst into laughter as I rubbed my throbbing head. "I think I heard my skull crack just now."
"Shut up." Tess massaged her head too as she continued to look down her shoulders began trembling and I heard a sniffle.
I squatted down so I could see my childhood friend’s face. "Tess. Are you crying?" I teased, gently wiping her tears with the inside of my sleeve.
"I-It’s because it hurts..." She sniffed, her eyes continuing to avoid mine as she let me wipe her face.

"Did it hurt that much?" I softened my voice as I stood back up, gently patting the place where my head hit her.
"Yes! It hurt a lot!" Smacking my hand away, she buried her face in my chest, wrapping her arms around my waist as she began crying.
The seconds seemed to elongate as I felt her body tremble from her erratic breaths and hiccups. I looked back at the night sky, feeling my face burn as I clumsily returned her hug.
"I-I th-thought you h-hated me." I could barely make out what she was muffling with her face still buried in my chest in between her sniffling
"Even if there are times when I get mad at you, I would never hate you, Tess," I said gently.
"I-I don’t want that."
"Don’t want what?"
"I don’t want you to get mad at me either!" she mumbled into my chest.
"Well this time, I was in the wrong. I shouldn’t have lashed out at you like that." I suddenly realized that I didn’t really treat Tess like everyone else. While I didn’t feel a reason to get mad over most people—besides my family and Elijah—Tess was probably the only one capable of making me act genuinely, even if that was sometimes immature.
"No! I was wrong too! I-I shouldn’t have called you out like that in front of all of those people! B-bBt it was because I have to be the strict student council president in front of everyone, you know?" Her face looked desperate as she finally looked up, her concerned eyes red and a little puffy from crying.
"Art! You should’ve seen everyone’s faces after you—oh my heavens..." Elijah, who only saw the shaded outline of my back, came running towards me, until he spotted who I was with.
Realizing that Tess was still wrapped tightly around me, I couldn’t help but give him an embarrassed look.
"I-I’ll see you b-back at our dorm..." he stammered out before darting off, nearly tripping over his own feet.
"Haha. Tess, I think it’s about time you let go of me." I smiled as I watched her face turn crimson.
"O-Oh right." She immediately let go of me, taking a step back as her gaze shifted down, too embarrassed to look at me.
I couldn’t help but let out a soft laugh at how my childhood friend really hadn’t changed. "Do you want to take a little walk with me?" I gave her a smile as Sylvie jumped off from the top of my head and into her arms.
"Kyu!" ’Long time no see, Mama!’
TESSIA ERALITH’S POV:
Each of his steps were light and confident, as if always certain of his direction and purpose... Was it the way he walked?
Those eyes that looked calm and poised, yet still a little playful... Was it his gaze?
The way it glowed even when it was this dark outside... Was it his smile?
What made me this stupidly attracted to him? He’s just another boy! Another, rather talented, rather well-mannered and slightly better-looking, boy. That was it!
What was it about him that made me become so foolish around him and why did I keep doing things to embarrass myself in front of him?
I unconsciously let out a defeated sigh.
"Is something wrong?" He looked at me with concern. His gentle voice sending shivers go down my spine.

"N-No! Nothing’s wrong, haha!" I felt my face turning red again so I started petting Sylvie faster as a distraction. Gosh dangit!
I could feel his eyes studying me as we walked along the marble path, the only source of light from the moon, peeking between the trees that arched the walkway. The last time we had met, earlier today, we barely spent a few seconds together before things got bad, so it’d really been almost four years since we’d last seen each other. I would’ve stared at him too but I knew I was going to turn bright red, so I just keep my gaze down.
I wondered if he looked at any other girl like this. I wanted his attention all to myself, just like now. I stopped myself before I sighed out loud again.
We started talking about what we’d both been doing these past few years. His time as an adventurer was really exciting but I couldn’t help but be a little disappointed that he had been with that girl named Jasmine the whole time.
"Pfft!" The corners of Art’s eyes crinkled as he revealed his bright smile.
"W-What?!" I held Sylvie up in front of me defensively.
"It’s just that I’m enjoying the different expressions you’re showing me while I tell you my story." I caught a glimpse of his eyes, making me turn red again. This was getting ridiculous.
I would’ve been pretty cold if I didn’t have Sylvie as a heating pack, but Art didn’t look cold at all. I wondered if being a beast tamer made his body stronger in these situations too. I started getting embarrassed as I remembered hugging him for so long.
He was really warm, though.
As we kept talking, I got a little less tense. I told him a bit about my training with Grandpa but I focused more on when Grandma Cynthia was my teacher.
"You call her ’Grandma’?" His head tilted a little in curiosity.
Nodding, I replied, "She told me to call her that since I was her only disciple and since she didn’t have any children."
"I see..." He pondered.
I continued on about the strict training I had to go through and how it was hard for my plant attribute magic to improve because of the lack of reliable teachers. Although there weren’t any other races that could manipulate plant attribute mana, even amongst elves, there were very few people that were adequate in plant magic. While some noble lineages did have the capacity to learn it, they ended up focusing on another element instead because of how hard it was for them to learn plant magic.
"So you ended up becoming a dual specialist in plant and wind, huh? Wow, I knew you’d be a talented mage." His genuine look made me feel proud. I often got embellished praises from all sorts of different important figures but just a simple compliment from him made me this happy.
He continued, "It makes sense that Director Goodsky is teaching you then."
I wanted time to stop as we reached the front of the dorms. Why were the dorms built so close to the dining hall? It should’ve been on the other side of the school...
"We should both get some sleep. It’s getting late and tomorrow is a big day." He patted my head.
I would’ve enjoyed it a lot more if it didn’t make me feel like he was treating me like a kid.
"Y-Yeah, you’re right. Congratulations on becoming a disciplinary committee member, Art." I tried my best to smile but I started over-thinking how I looked.
Fortunately, he just grinned back as Sylvie hopped back on top of his head. "Thanks." I stared at his back as he started heading to his dorm. But to my surprise, he turned back arounds.
"I almost forgot!" He took my hand and brought it up, placing something from his pocket into my palm.
"Here! This will probably help you a lot." Letting go of my hand, he gave me a playful wink before turning back toward the dorms as Sylvie waved her small paw at me.
He didn’t even give me a chance to thank him.

Looking down, I studied the small, dull green orb. It didn’t seem special at all, but it did mean a lot to me just because it came from Art. Knowing him though, this wasn’t just some sort of decoration he wanted me to have.
"I wonder..." I willed a bit of mana into the orb and almost dropped it in surprise, my hands trembling uncontrollably.
"Th-This is...!"
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
’Papa, you’re really happy. Is it because you made up with Mama?’ Sylvie teased me as I walked up the stairs and back to my dorm room.
’Can it, Sylv. And can you stop calling her "Mama"?’ I pinched my dragon bond’s ear, making her squirm.
"Room 394! Finally..." Tessia and I had been walking pretty slowly and had stopped in between while we talked so it was pretty late at the night. I opened the door carefully, just in case Elijah was asleep, but I almost jumped in surprise to see him sitting cross-legged, facing the door, his eyes bloodshot.
"Err... I see you’re still awake." I waved awkwardly.
"Hell yes, I’m awake." He crossed his arms and used his chin to point at my bed, signaling me to sit.
"Haa...Go on." I sighed helplessly as I let my best friend release his barrage of questions.
___________________________
It was almost four in the morning when he was finished, the two of us sprawled out on our beds, tired both physically and mentally while Sylvie had fallen asleep hours ago.
"I can’t believe you were h-hugging her." I saw him shake his head while he lay on his back.
"I told you, I’ve known her since she was five. It’s not surprising that she’d be more comfortable around me," I simply stated.
He shook head again. "After you left, some of the students suspected that it was the president that used the vine spell since she was the only one that could use it to that degree. Do you know all of the things the students called her?" He got up and looked at me.
"What did they call her?" I asked, a bit interested.
"There were two I heard the most." He leaned in closer. "One: The Untouchable Princess," he stated.
"Untouchable? Why? Is she that much stronger than everyone else?" I asked.
Ignoring me, he said the other. "Two: Lunar Goddess."
"Huh? Why Lunar Goddess?" I chortled at the juvenile nicknames.
"Because she’s like the moon, Art. The moon looks so close that you can grab it, but no matter how much you try, you’ll never touch it. But you! You t-touched the Moon! You hugged the moon!" he flailed his arm in defeat and plopped back into bed.
"Go to sleep," I retorted.
We were both too tired to even try to wash up, and my head was already hurting at the thought of how tired I would be in the morning, but memories of what happened tonight had kept me up. I kept wondering if I had done the right thing in the dining hall. It was a habit I’d acquired from being a king—to overthink my past actions and always plan my future actions. To my side, I could hear Elijah fast asleep, mumbling something about the moon again.
_____________________________________
"Wake up!" I smacked Elijah on the stomach as I finished fastening the shoulder strap for the knife that represented my status as a disciplinary committee member.
"Oof!" Elijah bolted up in surprise but groaned once he realized how tired and in pain he was.
"I can see why you don’t like being woken up like this," he mumbled as he rubbed his stomach.
Smirking at my friend, I walked to the door. "I’m leaving now so hurry up and get ready. I’ll see you in first period." Without looking back, I gave him a wave and headed towards the auditorium. I was supposed to formally meet all the other members of the disciplinary committee in the small waiting room inside the auditorium, so I was a bit excited as to what kind of people they might be.
Sylvie "Kyu-ed" in excitement as well as she swayed her head from side to side. After today, everyone would know that I was part of the disciplinary committee. I grinned at myself after imagining what the Ravenpor group’s face would look like after becoming aware of what my different uniform meant today.
Arriving at the back entrance to the auditorium, I straightened up my shirt, vest and strap, and opened the door, feeling tired, sleepy, curious, and a bit excited.





As I opened the door to the back entrance of the auditorium, I was met with an unexpected greeting.
My hair was blown back by a bloodcurdling roar as Sylvie had to cling onto me to avoid falling off. Along with the deafening shout of the mana beast that greeted me came bullets of saliva that showered my face and upper chest.
"There, there." While wiping off the spit of the mana beast, I nonchalantly proceeded to pet its face, which was inches away from my own. This mana beast stood about two meters high on all fours. Its body was covered in thick dark brown fur and a deep red mane circled its head. Two pointed, vicious teeth spouted out from above its jaw, making it all the more menacing, but compared to Sylvie’s dragon form, I could only see it as an overgrown kitten.
Even Sylvie looked at the mana beast with little interest as she just settled back on top of my head.
"Woah... he wasn’t surprised at all..." From behind the mana beast peeked out a student that looked to be a couple of years older than I was. He had very dull, light gray—almost white—hair that reached over his brows. He had narrow eyes that were virtually slits and a smile on his face that didn’t come off as pleasant but more so mocking.
Though lean and tall, his overall frame looking quite frail. What stuck out the most, however, was that his uniform was very different from mine and any other I’d seen so far. He wore a loose, dark gray oriental-style robe that covered his arms and came down past his torso, black pants, and a golden sash tied around his waist. Peeking out of the inside of his robe was the insignia that all of the disciplinary committee members had to carry around—the silver knife. Something felt a tad off about him—something that made me wary.
"You must be the last DC officer to arrive! My name is Kai Crestless, a fourth-year! Just call me Kai." His expression didn’t change at all, his eyes still narrowed and lips still smiling, but he put up his arm in a welcoming gesture, revealing hands that were completely wrapped in bandages so that it looked like he had gloves on.
"Hello. My name is Arthur Leywin. Pleased to make your acquaintance." I shook his bandaged hands.
"Bah! Another frail-looking pretty boy! Why aren’t there any more real men in this committee?" Looking around, I found where the voice came from and couldn’t help but remember what Elijah had told me yesterday before dinner.
A female dwarf that came up to my chest with limbs as thick as tree trunks hopped down from where she was sitting and came up to me. The only indications that told me she was female were her long brown hair and high-pitched voice, neither of which suited her masculine appearance.
"Looks like we’ll be working together, so I might as well introduce myself. I’m Doradrea Oreguard, a first-year, like yerself. Let’s get along, ey?" she said simply while firmly smacking my back, sending a jolt throughout my body. What power.
"Arthur Leywin. Nice to meet you," I replied, rubbing my back.
"Well, come on now! Follow me. Kai and I waited in the front to see who the last guy was going to be. The rest of the DC officers are in the other room. Director Goodsky didn’t really give us any details so everyone is curious." She led me through a hall, Kai following behind us with the mana beast.
"Everyone! The last guy is here!" Doradrea shouted at the top of her lungs as we reached a room at the end of the hall.
Inside the gigantic room that I figured was used to hold events, I saw five other figures.

Without further ado, I walked up closer to greet them all at once. "My name is Arthur Leywin and I just started attending this academy as a scholar mage student. I am a dual-elemental attribute augmenter capable in wind and earth." I offered a curt bow.
"Arthur Leywin?" The first voice that spoke up sounded surprised. Looking back up, I saw a boy that appeared to be around seventeen. He had deep, mahogany-colored hair that spiked out, making him look almost like a lion himself. His fierce sword-shaped brows combined with his strong brown eyes produced a striking gaze. It took me a couple of seconds but I soon realized who he was.
"If I remember correctly, you must be Prince Glayder?" The longer I looked at him, the more confident I became that he was Curtis Glayder, son of Sapin’s king.
"I can hardly call myself a prince now ever since the three kings and queens dismissed their titles and became The Council. Just call me Curtis." He spoke very charismatically, his deep voice carrying a certain depth. His expression was a bit troubled though, no doubt because his father’s guard did cause some problems for me the last time we met.
"Nice to see you again, Curtis. You must be a fifth-year now, right?" I responded cheerily, which eased the troubled look he had.
"Yup! fifth-year fire attribute augmenter as well as a beast tamer. Nice to see you again," he announced as we grasped hands. Curtis’ uniform looked much more intricate than Kai’s loose-fitting robe. His outfit reminded me of an old-fashioned military uniform without the cap. His black blazer had dark gray accents and gold buttons. A military cord attached from his right shoulder to the collar of his blazer, giving a refined yet fierce air to him.
"Ahh, that world lion that greeted me must be the one your father acquired at the auction several years back." Everything clicked as the mana beast that so kindly greeted me sat down behind Curtis.
"Ah... did Kai use Grawder to scare you?" He shot a look at Kai who just shrugged back. "Anyways, yes. I remember you were with us when we purchased him as a cub. We formed an equals contract last year after he reached A class." He tried to sound humble but I could tell he was extremely proud to call himself a beast tamer. I didn’t mind because it really was a great feat he had accomplished, especially since he was able to form an equals contract instead of a master-servant contract with his beast.
"Looks like your bond changed a bit as well! Although it didn’t really change much in size." He rubbed his chin while studying Sylvie, who had fallen asleep on my head. Just by analyzing his internal mana circulation, Curtis didn’t seem to have gone through assimilation since the World Lion’s beast will wasn’t too strong on him.
"Yeah, her growth rate seems awfully slow," I said indifferently.
"It’s okay! Even though there are quite a bit of students here that have bonds, most of them aren’t beast tamers and not many of them even have equals contracts." He patted my shoulder, trying to comfort me.
Looking closely, Curtis and his world lion looked oddly similar. Curtis’ hair and Grawder’s mane were of comparable color and both of them had a fierce look.
"Ah, right! You remember my sister, Kathyln, right?" he continued. The pretty, petite black-haired girl gave me a silent bow. She was dressed very similarly to his brother except instead of pants; she wore a skirt that came down above her knees, much like all the other girls in this academy. The only girl I’d seen so far that hasn’t worn a skirt was Doradrea, which I had no complaints about.
"Nice to see you again." I gave a simple bow in response. She had grown to look more and more like her mother. The stark contrast of her flawless porcelain skin and her jet-black hair, dark eyes, and long lashes made her look like a doll.
"Nice to meet you once more, Arthur. I am a first-year as well, coming in as a scholar mage student. I am a single specialist conjurer in ice attribute magic." She bowed once more, her expression set like stone.

I see... She’s a deviant!
"I guess I’m next, although the order is off! My name is Claire! Claire Bladeheart. After the new changes in the school grade system, I’m considered a sixth-year battle mage student with dual attribute in fire and wind, and I’m also the leader of the disciplinary committee! I’m an augmenter like yourself, so just ask me if you have any questions!" This upperclassman oozed positivity and passion from her very pores. She wasn’t nearly as pretty as Tess or Kathyln but she did have her own charm, with her scarlet red hair that came down to her chin. Claire wore a military-style uniform as well but instead of golden cord like the Glayder siblings, both her shoulders had gold epaulettes, which were basically ornamental shoulder pads along with an embellished collar that went up around her neck. That, along with her light gray and gold-accented skirt with knee-high boots gave her uniform a much more royal feel compared to my simple one.
I tried imagining myself in a uniform like Claire’s or Curtis’ and I shuddered at the thought. While it looked great on her, I was glad that the DC officer uniforms were tailored to each of their preferences and that Director Goodsky made mine much simpler.
It took me a second to register but I suddenly remembered why her name sounded so familiar. "Are you perhaps related to Kaspian Bladeheart?" I questioned.
"Oh? Do you know my uncle?" She tilted her head to one side.
"No. I’ve just heard many great things about Kaspian Bladeheart’s strength from my father’s ex-party member." I gave her a warm smile as she nodded in understanding.
"I see. Well, I received training from my uncle as soon as I had awakened so many of my techniques are similar to his. Of course, I still have a long way to go, though." I saw her place a hand on the golden hilt of the rapier strapped on her left side.
"Long time no see, Arthur Leywin!" a tall blonde elf that looked to be a couple of years older than me walked up, crossing his arms while he looked down at me.
"I apologize... Do I know you?" I really had no idea who this elf was until Sylvie mentally transmitted who he was.
"Ah! You’re Feyfey!" I pointed at him in surprise. Boy, did he get big. He was at least a head taller than me and he turned out to become quite the pretty boy.
Feyfey’s face instantly turned beet red as he placed both hands on my shoulders. "It’s FeyRITH...Feyrith Ivsaar III. And although I’m a first-year like you, I’m still a couple of years older than you so don’t call me by nicknames. I’m a water specialist conjurer, by the way." I could see veins popping from his forehead.
"Haha! Long time no see!" I exclaimed as I shook his hands. He just looked at me, bewildered. His uniform was completely black with gold stripes across his shoulders. It was simpler than everyone else’s but it suited him well.
"Last but not least, this is Theodore Maxwell!" Claire got in between Feyrith and I and directed my attention to the last member.
"Hmph! Seems like the disciplinary committee has stooped low enough to recruit twerps." Theodore stood up and I swore I thought he was a bear. He stood at about two meters high at least, easily around the same height as Grawder. His uniform was just a vest that was unbuttoned, revealing his bulging muscles. By the tear marks on the arm openings of the vest, I could assume it wasn’t originally designed as a vest.
He stood in front of me and placed a hand on my shoulder.

Suddenly, I felt the weight on top of me increase several times over as my feet began sinking, the floor around me beginning to crack. This was a deviant capable of manipulating gravity.
My body was able to withstand it thanks to the assimilation I had gone through with Sylvia’s dragon will but I still definitely felt my body begin to protest. I strengthened my body further with mana as I lifted his hand off of my shoulder, my eyes dead set on Theodore.
He wanted to test me?
"Hmph." Feeling the cold, wordless gaze I gave to him, Theodore released his skill and walked away, muttering, "Not bad."
A whistle sounded from the cluster of students.
"Arthur has guts. Feyrith crumbled to his knees when Theodore did that to him." Kai snickered from the side.
"Hey, I’m a conjurer and Arthur is an augmenter! Please do not compare me to brutes like you guys," he lashed out, his face red from embarrassment.
"Now, now! I’m excited as to what this semester will bring us! We’re going to be a team from now on, guys! We’ll get lots of chances to bond and get closer, so look forward to it!" Claire piped up in a cheery voice as she puts her hand out.
"I’m looking forward to it!" Kai put his bandaged hand on top of Claire, his face still a mocking smile.
"Aye! Sounds like we’re going to have some interesting times!" Doradrea got on her toes as she put her beefy hand on top of Kai’s.
"Haha! Yes! Let’s do our best!" Curtis placed his hand in as well, Kathyln wordlessly following suit.
I’d just met everyone and I was already tired. "I’m sure it’ll be a blast," I breathed out while placing my hand on top of Kathyln’s. Sylvie ran down my arm and placed her paw in as well.
Theodore put his massive hand on top of Sylvie’s and my hand, making the whole circle stumble a step forward. As Theodore gave a silent nod, Claire gave us a big, confident smile and shouted, "TO US! THE DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE!"
"AYE!"
______________________________________________
"Before the club rush commences, the student council would like to formally introduce to you, the students of this academy, a group that was personally picked by the director in hopes to resolve and prevent disputes amongst students as well as enforce penalizing measures for troublemakers. While the student council’s main job is to help the director make sure this academy and the events held run smoothly, this group’s job allows them to use magic appropriately to uphold the peace and safety of students, whether against other students or trespassers. Please join me in welcoming the disciplinary committee!" Tessia’s voice rang at her last words.
The auditorium filled with applause as the red curtains we stood behind were raised. We stood there, shoulders square and hands glued to our sides. I had to admit that with people like Curtis with Grawder behind him, Theodore, Claire and even Feyrith, we were an impressive sight in our color-coordinated uniforms.
I took a peek at Tessia and I realized she was staring at me but as soon as our eyes met, she quickly turned her head away. As we stood in front of the students of Xyrus on the stage, side by side, we pulled out our knives and held them out in front of us so the insignia showed. Unsheathing our knives, we proceeded to do a small, choreographed routine before saluting the crowd.
Claire spoke out on behalf of the disciplinary committee with a short speech before we all headed out towards the back of the stage, leaving the crowd with mixed emotions.
For some students, the disciplinary committee meant to serve as a shackle that prohibited their spoiled behavior. For others, the disciplinary committee served as an aegis, protecting them from the threat of harm.
Either way, it would be an interesting school year.





"Hey isn’t that one of the DC officers? I think his name was Arthur, right?"
"Isn’t he only a first-year? How was he able to get into the disciplinary committee? Does he have connections or something?"
"Stupid. Even if he had connections, I hear everyone from the disciplinary committee needs to be really strong."
"He’s kinda cute, no?"
"Yeah, he’s totally my type."
"That white fox on top of his head is so adorable!"
I sat towards the back of the classroom with Elijah next to me. The constant murmurs and whispers that echoed against the walls made my head hurt. The professor for our first class, Fundamentals of Magic Theory, had yet to arrive, allowing the discussions of this morning’s ceremony to ceaselessly go on.
"Look at how popular you are, Mr. DC Officer." Elijah nudged me with his elbow while giving me a sarcastic smirk.
Before I had the chance to respond, the person who I assumed was the professor, walked in with confident strides.
Our professor seemed pretty young—at most, in his mid-thirties. He had well-parted brown hair that he kept neat and styled. His face was freshly shaven to reveal a narrow jaw. He was on the thinner side, but in no ways out of shape. His proportions were good for a conjurer, which I could tell by the wand strapped to his side.
Using the folder he was holding as a gavel, he thumped it on the front podium before speaking. "Now, now... I realize that there are many wonderful things to talk about, but you guys aren’t very good at gossiping. If the person of topic is in the same room and can hear what you are saying, then it really isn’t gossip now, is it?" He looked in my direction and gave me a wink, making me shake my head in defeat.
Some of the students gossiping shrank down in embarrassment but most of the students just laughed.
"My name is Professor Avius and I must say that it’s great to meet you all. While this is technically a basic class and some may think that it is unnecessary, I, on the other hand, believe this class is the foundation for what will make you a great mage. We won’t be doing much casting but there will be fun assignments and projects that I will assign along the way, so look forward to it!"
With that, the class erupted in a synchronized groan at the thought of doing projects. I couldn’t imagine what sort of projects he was going to assign twelve to fourteen-year-olds but it should be rather easy.
"On that note, I think today is a rather fine day to have a lecture! No one’s going to get any younger so absorb as much knowledge as you can while your brains are still fresh! Take out your notebooks and writing utensils!" His thin face wrinkled as he smiled.
Elijah adjusted his glasses and promptly took out a fresh new notebook and pen while eagerly writing the title of the class and today’s date.
I just leaned forward and rested my chin on my hand as I began to listen.
"Today’s topic will focus on the segregation between conjurers and augmenters!" He wrote messily on the chalkboard. "There is a deeply embedded discrimination against augmenters by conjurers on the premise that augmenters are ’brutes’ or ’savages’ that can only fight by getting themselves dirty." He used his fingers to air quote. "This is a rather uneducated stigma that everyone should get rid of right here and right now." He leaned forward, his face turning serious.

His words caused a few murmurs of disagreement and some of acknowledgement.
"Coming from the point of view of a conjurer, it is silly to say that we are above augmenters because our bodies are more suitable for influencing mana remotely as this is an advantage we have only while we are in lower levels." He scribbled some key points on the chalkboard. "When a mage’s mana core, conjurers and augmenters alike, reaches the silver stage, the ability to manipulate mana becomes much more unrestricted. There becomes less of a distinction between the usage of mana veins and mana channels because the purity of mana that is produced from our mana core enables us to freely manipulate mana remotely and directly." He underlined ’remotely’ and ’directly’ while circling the point, ’less of a distinction.’
I heard Elijah ’ooh’ in understanding and furiously scribble the statement into his notebook.
Hmm... This professor at least knew what he was talking about. While training, I’d become more and more aware that the higher the stage you reached in your mana core cultivation, there indeed was less of a true distinction.
"So tell, me class. If, in the end, two mages—one conjurer and one augmenter, both reach the silver core stage, who would have the advantage? I, for one, say that it’s is either evenly matched or that even the augmenter would have an advantage." This statement creates even a louder protest from the students.
"Before you shoot me down, think about this. Until the silver stage, assuming that we have both the talent and necessary luck to get there, both conjurers and augmenters train in developing their magic. However, augmenters also trained in hand-to-hand combat, refining their bodies along with their skills since the time they awakened, which was usually during the prepubescent age. As the augmenter becomes stronger and reaches the latter stages of his core, he will continue to develop his long-range skills, although it may be inferior to conjurers at this point. However, once the Augmenter reaches closer and closer to the pinnacle of his core development, casting long-range spells will become more and more natural while the augmenter will still naturally keep his combat skills. So, tell me... are conjurers really the more noble, more dominant type of mage?"
"Some old-fashioned mages continue to believe that conjurers remain the prevailing mana manipulator but Director Cynthia, along with many other influential figures in this continent are trying to establish ways to inhibit this belief. I implore you youngsters to keep this fact in mind. augmenters, don’t get hot headed because of this topic since, at this stage, you are still clearly at a disadvantage against conjurers. Conjurers, don’t just mope around at this news and develop your combat skills. While it may be harder for you to defend yourselves without the natural competency in forging mana around your body internally, that doesn’t mean there is no way to use spells to strengthen your body. So learn how to fight hand-to-hand." He closed his notes and stopped talking, leaving a moment of silence for us to digest what we just heard.
"Any questions?" he said softly, giving us a sincere smile.
Elijah’s hand immediately shot up and the professor pointed at him to ask away.
"Professor, if what you’re saying is true, what is really the end result between the two category of mages when they reach the silver stage or even higher?" he asked seriously, not a hint of my usual girl-thirsty friend in sight.
"Good question...Elijah Knight." He looked down at his notes before he responded. "The end result is two mages with different preferences in styles of fighting. The conjurer at this stage will be able to imbue their body with mana just like an augmenter can at lower stages, but their fighting style will lean more towards long-range combat, consisting of many layers of spells to trick and weave around an augmenter who may be more adept if they get close." He wrote down some of the major points in his explanation.
"As for the augmenter, while long range spells will become more natural for them, just like the conjurers at this stage, they usually lean more towards fighting up close and using projectile spells more straight-forwardly. Augmenters, after all, are not as accustomed to remotely fighting like the conjurers who, in order to distance themselves from close-range threats, prepare many layers of spells through multi-casting and chain-casting." He circled the keywords for us to remember.
Elijah just nodded in understanding as he again wrote down, almost word for word, what the professor just explained.
The class ended with a few more minor questions from various classmates. As the giant bell tower rang, the professor wrapped up the discussion and we prepared for our next class.
"I’ll see you at lunch then?" Elijah asked while he packed up his bag.
"Sure. The person who gets there first saves the other a spot in line." I patted my friend on the back before leaving through the door.
As I walked through the densely packed hall, I sensed some gazes here and there after they recognized my appearance and uniform. On the way to my next class, which was Practical Mana Manipulation, I realized that there were quite a bit of students who had bonds. Most weren’t so impressive, like the horned rat I saw on a student’s shoulder, but there were some rather large beasts that students were proudly showing off. This boy who looked to be around 15 was riding on top of a giant lizard and had his chin proudly out. I didn’t even know what that lizard was called but from the amount of mana it had inside its beast core, it couldn’t be more than a C class mana beast.
When I arrived to my next class, I noticed that the layout of this room was very different. It was shaped like a miniature arena, with a battling platform in the middle, encased in a barrier field, and rows of seats circling around it.
I made my way to a random spot and sat down. ’I’m hungry,’ Sylvie grumbled as she began impatiently thumping her head on top of mine. ’Yeah, me too; lunch is still a bit away though, do you want to go and catch something?’ Sylvie nodded and scurried off at a speed that startled me. She was surprisingly fast when it came to food.

More and more students started filling the room after a few minutes. While most were first years, there were some second years that decided to take this class later.
"May I sit here?" I turned my head to find Kathyln in her disciplinary committee uniform standing beside me.
"Sure, go ahead." I moved my bag that I had on the seat next to me so she could sit. Her expression didn’t change but she did give me a slight bow before removing her notes, carefully straightening out her skirt in a refined manner before taking a seat.
"Well, look who we have here! If it isn’t Princess Kathyln and my rival, Arthur Leywin." From the front of the door, Feyrith confidently walked towards Kathyln and I.
Since when did he become my rival... and a rival in what, exactly?
"Aren’t you loud this morning." I leaned my head on my hands as I looked at him.
"Well, it is a fine morning today. Didn’t the commencement ceremony today make you excited?" he harrumphed as he took the seat on my other side.
Why was he sitting next to me? I thought he wasn’t very fond of me.
"While it is a bit late into the morning, it is still technically the morning so...Good morning!" A rather upbeat, bulky man wearing a light armor clapped to get everyone’s attention. He looked more like a low-class adventurer instead of a professor but when I inspected his mana core level, I was surprised to see that he was light yellow stage.
"Well, we have quite the crowd of students. I know my class is always popular but I’m honored to have this many students! My name is Professor Geist. Welcome ladies and gents, and welcome DC officers. It is a privilege to have you in my class." I couldn’t tell whether he was being sarcastic or not when he directed his little welcome at us but I chose to not mind it.
"This is Practical Mana Manipulation, or PMM as I like to call it. That means we will be doing things very practically! Practically, in my definition, means through example, because what better way to learn than through hands-on experience, right?" His deep bass voice boomed throughout the class, waking up anyone that might’ve still been sleepy, which included me.
"I understand that most of you are first-years and that many of you have just awakened not too long ago. However, parents have been more and more dedicated in teaching their children as soon as they awaken before they even send them here, so even that assumption is mostly inaccurate. However, for the sake of equality, I shall assume that every first year is a beginner in mana manipulation, of course with the few exceptions, i.e. the three sitting right there." He pointed to the three of us while giving us a wink, drawing attention to us from everyone inside the room.
"I’m sure everyone, including myself, is curious as to what sort of level in ability our newly formed DC has. They are the ones that are going to be protecting the students here in this academy after all, right?" Several shouts of agreement spawned from around the room.
I inwardly sighed, realizing that this professor was going to make this class a real pain in the ass for me. I saw even Kathlyn’s brow twitch in annoyance on her usually expressionless face.
"Hmph! Well. if Professor Geist insists, I shall volunteer myself on behalf of the disciplinary committee to demonstrate the ability that our group, that was personally picked by the director, possesses." Feyrith got up from his seat and placed his right hand over his heart in a proud manner.
Sigh...
"HAHA! That’s more like it! Feyrith, correct? Come down to the stage," he gestured.
Feyrith elegantly hopped down from his seat onto the battle arena in the center of the large classroom. Some of the students cheered for him while others were eager for blood.
"Hmm, if my guess is correct, you are a light orange stage conjurer with water specialization, correct? Pretty good for a fifteen-year-old, even as an elf." The professor rubbed his chin, studying him.

"Yes! By the fact that I cannot sense your mana core level, I assume that you must be quite a bit of a higher level than myself. It is an honor to receive your tutelage." While Feyrith’s response was very well-mannered, he had a slight tone of arrogance, as if implying that even if the professor was a higher level, he could stand his own against him.
"Of course! I am at light yellow level stage, after all! To make things fair, I will only use long range attacks in this demonstration." He took out a two-handed sword from a dimension item he had attached to the buckle of his belt and stabbed it into the stadium behind him.
I could tell Feyrith was about to protest that it wasn’t necessary but before he could, Professor Geist held his hand up. "Please. If I were to lose, I would at least have an excuse, right? Please cut this old man some slack." He winked at him as the other students started laughing.
He sounded sincere but I could tell that he was confident in winning against Feyrith, even with this handicap.
"Feyrith is going to lose," Kathyln said softly.
"Oh really? How can you tell?" For me, it was just a gut feeling but it seemed like Kathyln saw something that I didn’t.
However, she didn’t respond, so I just went back to watching the mock battle that was about to start.
"Let me quickly set up the barrier before we begin so that our audience is safe from mana projectiles." The professor mumbled a few incantations and a space around the arena started glowing dimly.
"Let us begin!" He grinned as Feyrith took out his wand and prepared for a spell.
"Water Serpent!" A stream of water circled around Feyrith and soon took the form of a giant snake. "Flood Domain!" Feyrith instantly set off another spell immediately after the water serpent spell formed. Soon, a pool of water rose up to their knees on the arena, and the water serpent dove into the layer of water surrounding both Feyrith and Professor Geist.
A domain spell was a higher-tier technique that was used to make the territory more advantageous to the casting mage.
"Fireball," Professor Geist said to my surprise.The low-tier spell that every fire attribute mage learned formed in Professor Geist’s palm but rather than the normal reddish-orange color, the spell glowed a dim blue.
It amazed me that an augmenter was able to figure out and apply the theory behind the properties of fire when even the smartest conjurers had trouble efficiently using it.
The blue fireball shot out of Professor Geist’s hand and flew towards Feyrith, who had no idea how strong that spell actually was.
"You’ll have to do better than that, Professor!" Feyrith confidently flicked his wand up and manipulated the layer of water on the ground to form a thick wall of water in front of him. At the same time, the Water Serpent spell Feyrith conjured erupted out of the water beside Professor Geist and lunged at him.
Our professor enveloped his left arm in a blue flame and braced against the force of Feyrith’s spell. As the water serpent struck Professor Geist, a cloud of steam erupted, hiding him from view.
Meanwhile, the blue fireball smashed into the wall of water, creating a sharp hiss as our professor’s spell bore through Feyrith’s defense, making its way towards my fellow DC member.
Feyrith’s face paled as he realized he was defenseless against the fireball but he was able to react in time to form another layer of water in front of him to minimize the damage.
"Oof!" The fireball, now reduced to the size of a fingernail by the time it reached Feyrith, still left a hole in the protective uniform he was wearing, knocking him back a couple of steps before he stumbled onto his butt.
"Do you surrender?" Professor Geist gave a wide grin as he walked out of the cloud of steam while juggling two more blue fireballs in his hand.
"Y-Yes...I concede." Feyrith had his head down in shame as he trudged back to us, his uniform soaking.
The students were all mumbling about how the DC wasn’t that great, doubting whether we actually had the capability to protect them.
"You did well, Feyrith." I patted the elf’s back. He did well considering he didn’t know what he was up against. What was this professor trying to do by making a fool of us here? Did he just want to boost his ego by picking on his students?
"Would anyone else like to volunteer?" he stated while looking at Kathyln and I. I was about to raise my hand but was startled when Kathyln suddenly shot up from her seat and spoke. "Please guide me well," she said simply before lightly hopping down into the arena.





"Kathlyn Glayder. I must say that it is an honor to have your presence in my humble class." Professor Geist gave a deep, exaggerated bow. "Please do not hold whatever the results may be in this ’demonstration’ against me," he continued, putting on a pitiful face.
Her cold expression unwavering, Kathlyn just nodded, drawing her staff out from the dimension ring on her pinky.
"Very good! Let us proceed!" The Professor clapped, fire igniting from between his palms.
Without a word, she lifted her sky blue staff. Before Professor Geist had a chance to unleash his fireball, two javelins of ice formed around Kathlyn.
"Shoot." I heard my fellow disciplinary committee officer mutter before the javelins fired towards our professor.
So she decided to go the offensive route to keep Professor Geist from attacking her.
A faint smirk crept up on our professor’s face as he lifted his hands that were still aflame, ready to block the ice spears.
As soon as the ice javelins touched the fire on his palms, they instantly melt, disappearing slowly as a sharp hiss resounded.
"Ice Javelin," she muttered again, and this time, instead of two, five spinning javelins formed near Kathlyn.
"Shoot." Her expression remained icy, like a coiled serpent ready to spring.
"Haha! Impressive! As expected of our princess!" Professor Geist grinned, the class leaning forward to get a better view of this intense battle. Since most of the students were first-years, they weren’t at the level where they’d be able to conjure something like this, let alone almost instantly.
Our professor concentrated as the five spears shooting toward him, ready to pierce through if not countered.
"Ember Wisps!" The spell he prepared finished in time as Professor Geist jumped back, releasing small, floating orbs of blue flames.
Wasn’t this the spell Lucas used during his rank examination?
"Break," Kathlyn muttered, and she willed her five ice javelins to shatter into an uncountable amount of small, sharp shards of ice.
"Fire!" Professor Geist, his face not nearly so smug as before, willed his orbs of blue fire to shoot at his opponent. Kathlyn, on the other hand, was so focused on finishing her final spell that she ignored the incoming streams of blue fire about to hit her.
"Ice Tornado!" Her voice filled with a faint panic as she realized upon finishing her spell that she was about to receive the brunt of Geist’s attack.
PROFESSOR GEIST’S POV:
That idiot! Why didn’t she defend herself instead of trying to finish the last spell?

As the tornado of ice shards began to whirl around me, I became nervous. I wasn’t scared of this fancy spell; I was scared that she might be gravely injured from my attack.
Wasn’t it common sense for a conjurer to have a layer of defense in battles? I chose a relatively easy spell to counter and the fact that she was a deviant specializing in ice made it all the more easy for her. Did she want to win so much that she chose to forego that?
I cancelled the spell but only the ember wisps disappeared. The streams of blue fire that they shot at the stupid princess was still heading her way.
Damn it. I’m screwed.
Scorch Field.
I willed a layer of heat around my body to melt the shards of ice circling me. I was left with some light scratches but I didn’t care. What happened to the princess? I didn’t hear any screams from the other students. Maybe she was okay?
Damn... I should’ve stopped after making a fool of the elf.
After the layer of ice shards that were blocking my view melted, I immediately tried to find the princess but instead, I found the last member of the three DC officers in my class, Arthur Leywin, in front of Kathlyn, who was still covering her face with her arms in panic. His palm was out in front of him while his other arm wrapped protectively around the princess.
His eyes... I couldn’t help but involuntarily tremble from the baleful glare that pierced through me. It felt even sharper than those ice spears that the princess threw at me.
"I think this little game of yours has gone on long enough, don’t you think?" His expression stayed icy, the innocent façade that I now knew he usually kept nowhere in sight as his domineering gaze looked at me without remorse. Was this his true face?
"While I am thankful for your concern over the princess, it was unnecessary, as I had it all under control." No way was I going to lose face right here, on the first day, in front of all of my students.
"Under control?" Arthur’s brow slightly twitched and I could sense his annoyance. Was I the only one feeling this pressure? This wasn’t normal. AA class mana beasts didn’t even exude this much pressure.
"Yes. Do you think that I, a professor at this esteemed academy, would actually put one of my students in harm’s way?" I said calmly. There was no proof! Today was all just a little mistake.
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
This ingrate really planned on insisting that he had this all under control. I already knew from watching Lucas that once the remote spell from the wisps were shot, they couldn’t be cancelled. Then again, there was no proof since I’d blocked it.
"I see... then in that case, allow me to take the place of my colleague in this ’demonstration.’"
"Haha...well, if you insist. I seem to have scared the princess a little too much with my last spell. I should’ve cancelled it earlier if I knew you were going to interrupt. Now, some of my students may misunderstand that I was trying to actually hurt her."
Even now, this pathetic excuse of an instructor was trying to defend his position. I could already tell from the various murmurs around the class that most of the students already believed what he was saying.
I turned back to Kathlyn. "You’re okay. Do you think you can make it back to your seat on your own?" I gently stirred her from her stupor.

"Y-Yes... I’m really sorry." For the first time, I saw a change in Kathlyn’s expression. She looked really embarrassed, her porcelain white skin flushing a light red as she turned away to go back to her seat.
"Then please guide me well." I turned back to Professor Geist and drew Dawn’s Ballad. The translucent teal blade triggered gasps and mutters of amazement as even Geist looked at my sword, wide-eyed in wanting.
"Quite the nice weapon you got there. Since you are an augmenter, I suppose it would be fair to let you choose which method you would like for me to fight with." He shrugged his shoulders helplessly as he walked towards his sword, which was embedded into the ground.
"It doesn’t matter," I responded simply.
I could see a vein popping in annoyance from our professor as he looked back at me.
"I Insist," he retorted.
"Then please go with what you’re more confident in." I took a couple steps forward, my face still peering deep into him, studying his every movement and action.
Scum or not, this professor was still a light yellow class veteran augmenter. The fact that he had the insight to use blue fire meant he was pretty capable.
I saw the once grinning professor scowl as his face turned a bit red. I could tell he really wanted to leave an amazing impression on his class, and so far, I wasn’t giving him much face.
"Very well then. I’ll be sure to go easy on you." The upper portion of his face betrayed his lighthearted smile.
Pulling out his sword with ease, Geist made his way towards me as well, his blade dancing around him gracefully as he handled it with little effort.
He blinked towards me without warning, swinging his blade down with a force that wasn’t exactly ’easy.’
His sword was imbued in a layer of blue fire, the heat that radiated from it making deadly. After parrying his initial surprise attack, I used wind attribute mana to keep the trail of fire away from me.
Since I was only able to use wind and earth mana, I had to really think about how to best utilize my assets to overcome a stronger opponent. While it would’ve been easy to use blue fire myself, I didn’t have that option right now.
His bombardment continued, the force of each swing and stab getting faster and stronger, as if trying to test the limit I could handle. Every time I parried or dodged his attack with ease, his next attacks would be kicked up a notch.
I wasn’t using any spells to receive his attacks, just mana strengthening and pure sword technique, which seemed to frustrate our professor even more.
"I’m sure the disciplinary committee aren’t only made of rats who keep dodging and running away," he said loudly, putting on a joking face.
"Is there really a need for me to attack when our esteemed professor can’t even land one on a first-year student?" I countered, putting on an innocent face.
He didn’t answer, his lips contorted in anger instead. By this time, a couple of the students had already caught on that this wasn’t just a simple demonstration, some whispering if they should call the director or the student council over.

Professor Geist’s attacks became fiercer as he started implementing several spells along with his attacks.
"Flame Pillar." A stream of blue fire shot up from the ground beneath me as I instantly sidestepped to avoid it, countering him with a concise strike to his neck.
Catching him by surprise, he jumped back a lot further than he had to, in order to dodge my blade, a bead of sweat forming on his brow.
"Even rats become deadly when cornered, Professor." I shot him a snide grin as I immediately closed the distance between the two of us.
Appearing right next to him, I willed wind mana around the blade of my sword as I prepared a spell. Each swing I took formed a still path of wind, confusing Professor Geist who was still able to block my blows. Every swipe, every lunge, and every swing I took created an almost transparent path of air in its trajectory.
Professor Geist wasn’t trying to put on an act of confidence anymore, concentration was etched on his face as he tried to block my flurry of attacks.
He was reaching the edge of the arena as each blow from me forced him to take a step back, the flames on his sword flickering helplessly upon receiving each attack.
It was about time to end this.
I willed the surface of the ground where he was about to take his next step to concave in, making him slightly lose his balance. As expected of a veteran augmenter, he stumbled for a split second but was able to soon regain his balance. However, that split second was all that I needed.
[Tempest]
The dozens of trails of wind that were produced from each of my mana-instilled blade suddenly glowed and shot out. My assault reached its climax as the speed of my attacks increased, my blade becoming barely visible. All the while, the spell I had just activated, Tempest, followed behind each of my attacks, making my barrage a chain of both sword and sharp blades of wind.
"AHHH!" Overwhelmed by the sheer quantity of attacks that he couldn’t hope to block completely, he stumbled onto his butt and rolled out of the arena.
The protective barrier that blocked all spells from going through flickered and cracked as my tempest spell bombarded against it until finally, the barrier broke with a sharp sound. It had been strong enough to block all but one last blade of wind from my spell, which grazed my professor’s neck, producing a trickle of blood.
Fortunately, the Professor’s mana-imbued body was strong enough so that my deadly blades of wind only grazed him, but he still sat flat on his back, his face pale in fright and knees shaking as I buried my blade in the ground right next to his carotid artery.
Pulling out my sword and putting it back into my dimension ring, I look down at our professor. "Thank you for your guidance."
As if on cue, the bell rang, and I walked out of the room, leaving the entire class’s eyes wide and jaws slack.
"...A-Arthur." I heard a soft voice from behind me. It was Kathlyn running towards me with Feyrith following behind.
"I have to admit, you were impressive back there, Arthur. As expected of my rival." Feyrith crossed his arms, but his face looked a little disheartened.
Putting an arm on the elf’s shoulder, I said to him, "You did good out there, Feyrith. If you knew the type of spell that the professor was using, I know you would’ve prepared more preventive measures."
"O-Of course! If I knew that the specific spell he would use was a lot stronger than I anticipated, I’m sure I would’ve come out as the victor in the end," he said, but the faint smile on his face showed that he appreciated my faith.
I turned to Kathlyn, who was still a bit shaken up. "Are you an idiot?" I said to her, flicking her lightly on the forehead.
She looked at me in utter shock, and even Feyrith looked a bit panicked.
"If you chose to defend yourself instead of focusing so much on beating the guy, you wouldn’t have put yourself at risk like that. Don’t be so stubborn and think things through more carefully. You know... you’re awfully emotional for someone whose face never changes." I gave her a playful smirk before walking to my next class, leaving the princess in a daze while Feyrith panicked, thinking of ways to console her.
"Kyuu!" ’Ah~ I’m full! How was class, Papa?’ Sylvie scurried on top of my head and settled in, messing up my hair.
’Meh, it was okay.’ I simply think, patting my precious bond.





While walking to my next class, I couldn’t help but become a bit frustrated with myself. I had been impatient back there, only wanting to overpower Professor Geist to end it fast. Using only my wind and earth attributes, I couldn’t end it as easily as I’d wanted to. I guess being blessed with too many gifts had made me become a bit too impertinent. In reality, I’d yet to reach the pinnacle of strength in this continent even though I definitely had enough advantages that would allow me to reach the top. With that mindset, I needed to stop comparing myself to students my age and think bigger. My only hope was that the upper division classes would offer insight into mana manipulation that I couldn’t pinpoint on my own.
I was rather interested in my next class, Basics of Artificing. Artificing was something that never existed in my old world. I was sure there were relevant ties to technology used in my old world but the premise of manipulating and coding mana to have specific uses designated to an object would be new to me.
Upon entering the classroom, I was pleasantly surprised to see that the layout of the room was that of a laboratory. Beakers, containers, different types of ores and various gadgets filled the room, making it all the more authentic.
I was somewhat relieved to see that there was no one I knew in this class, giving me peace of mind. As students started filing in and sitting next to acquaintances and friends, a girl that looked to be about my age walked by and stood next to the stool beside mine.
"I-Is this seat taken? If it is, I’ll move somewhere else!" I didn’t know why she looked so panicked but I couldn’t help but chuckle at her innocent personality.
"No, the seat isn’t taken. You’re free to sit there if you wish." I said with a welcoming smile, taking a seat myself.
The girl was ordinary, to say the least. Her thick round glasses magnified her eyes and the freckles underneath them. Her curly hair looked like it had a life of its own, as it was forcibly tied into a ponytail down her back.
Compared to girls like Tess and Kathyln, whom everyone fawned over—and for good reason—she was rather plain. But for some reason, it was comfortable around her.
"Th-Thank you..." she muttered with her head faced down. "...mily."
"What was that?" I leaned in closer to hear her last sentence.
"Emily! My name is Emily Watsken! Please be my friend—I mean, please to meet you!" Her eyes widened, stunned at her own words.
I shared her expression before I burst out into a laugh.
"Sure. My name is Arthur Leywin." I grasped her hand and couldn’t help but become surprised by how coarse her palm was.
"O-Oh! I’m sorry! It probably feels gross, right?" She retracted her callused hand while her face turned a bit red, accentuating the freckles on her cheeks.
"No, it’s quite fine. I have calluses too. See?" I held my sword hand out to reveal the hardened lumps on my palms
"Wow...you’re right! You must practice a lot! It’s no wonder you’re in the disciplinary committee. I really admire that! For me, I really love artificing, so I end up fiddling around with a lot gadgets. Unfortunately, it makes my hands get this rough." She scratched her head, her sentences becoming faster as she got more comfortable with me
"Really? I rather admire people like you. I’m jealous that you have such a passion for artificing. The only thing you get better at when fighting is destroying and killing, but the better you get at artificing, the more things you can create." I looked down at my own callused hands.
"Woah... that’s deep." I saw Emily readjust her thick glasses while she pondered what I had just said in her head.
"Haha, I ended up saying something unpleasant. I apologize." The class was getting pretty loud as the room filled up with eager students, most of which were here as a scholar mages.
"No no no! It wasn’t unpleasant at all! Just, it’s not something you hear every day from a twelve-year-old." She desperately shook her hands to gesture that it was okay.

"You say that as if you aren’t a twelve-year-old yourself," I snickered as I looked at her.
Slumping in her chair, she lets out a sigh. "True... It’s because I’m apparently a genius of some sorts. I don’t really get why people say that but people don’t really treat me as a child anymore after I created the projection display artifact."
"Wait what? You’re the one that invented the display used to show the kings’ and queens’ announcement?" I stood up from my stool.
"Mhmm, well only a part of it... I tinkered around with some of the things in my parents’ lab and I made the basic designs a couple years back." She scratched her curly hair again.
Sinking back into my stool, I let out a deep breath. Holy crap. She built something like that when she wasn’t even 10!
"Well, I must say that it is an honor to be in the presence of a genius such as yourself." I give her a smirk, bowing my head in mock fealty.
"Oh, please. Don’t you start now too! Besides, you’re quite famous too, you know!" She gave me a smirk as her glasses reflect the classroom light, making her look like an evil scientist.
"Really? I’ve tried very hard to lay low. I guess that didn’t work." I leaned my head on my hand.
"Pfft. Well joining the disciplinary committee as a first year sure didn’t help."
"There are other first year students in the committee as well," I refuted.
"But not humans! You and Princess Kathyln are the only ones, and the Princess has been hailed as a prodigy since she awakened. That leaves you, a mysterious human freshman that has a bond with a white fox-like mana beast and no background, also able to overwhelm and completely demolish a professor that is a veteran adventurer at the light yellow core stage." By this time, she was leaning closer and closer to me.
"What? How do you already know about what happened with Professor Geist?! That literally happened fifteen minutes ago!"
"Kyu!" Sylvie echoed in protest at being called fox-like, although that essentially was what she was.
"Don’t be so surprised! This is a magic academy, after all. News travels fast and gossip travels even faster. I bet you some people in this class already know what happened." She smirked while wagging her finger.
"Oh God... You know, I noticed you’re awfully talkative now compared to when you stuttered your greeting when you first came in." I couldn’t help but realize the change in her personality.
"Shut up! I s-suck with strangers, okay? Besides, I don’t usually get along with new people this easily. You’re different, though! It was easy to get comfortable with you since we’re really similar." She harrumphed, crossing her arms over her undeveloped chest.
"Similar in what way?" I raise a brow.
She grinned broadly, "We’re both freaks!"
I rolled my eyes at her conjecture but realized that, because of how high her intelligence was, I was more comfortable with her than other kids my age.
As I was about to respond to her statement, the classroom door swung open and I saw a familiar face.

"Greetings, plebeians! Please feel honored to have me, Professor Gideon, as your teacher for this class!" The crazy scientist skedaddled his way onto the podium while the pair of goggles that were hanging from his neck bounced up and down.
As he gazed through the classroom with a condescending eye, he eventually reached Emily and me.
"AH! Well, if it isn’t Arthur. I had no idea that you would be in my class!" He clasped his cheeks in an obviously fake way, making me shake my head.
"And my oh my, getting along with Miss Watsken! I must say you two would make quite the team! Good good! Let’s begin the first day of classes by a little introduction of myself!" He smiled, writing his name in big letters behind him.
The lecture continued on with Gideon rambling on about how remarkable he was for the following hour and a half. Most students, myself included, were half asleep but Emily’s eyes sparkled as she absorbed every bit of information that came out of Gideon’s thin lips. I guessed even a genius like her respected Gideon in the field of artificing. Made me almost want to admire him.
Meanwhile, Sylvie was curled up on the desk in front of me, using my arm as a pillow, when an olive green owl suddenly flew in from the window, landing on my shoulder.
"Kyu!" Sylv jumped up in surprise and growled as the owl just calmly grooms itself.
"Well, it seems like Director Goodsky is beckoning you, brat!" Gideon walked up to me, massaging his hunched shoulders.
"You shouldn’t keep her waiting. Shoo! Off you go!" He slapped my back as he continued on talking about how great he was.
Emily leaned in, not surprised. "I told you not to underestimate how fast news travelled!"
"Yeah, yeah..." I walked out of the classroom, hearing some of my classmates begin their discussion about what happened.
"Now... where was Director Cynthia’s office again?" I scratched my head.
As if he understood, the owl flew off of my shoulder and began flying towards the right, gesturing us to follow.
"Kyu!" ’Papa, he’s dangerous!’ Sylvie warned me, her fur standing onend.
The campus was fairly empty as most of the students were either in class, training on their own, or in their dorms. Getting caught up in the beautiful scenery of this campus, I realized a little late that the owl had landed on a statue in front of a building that I assumed was the director’s office, waiting for me to enter.
Opening the door, I headed inside while the horned owl perches itself on my shoulder again, making Sylvie hiss and throw paws at it in warning.
"I see that Avier has personally guided you here. Odd... I have never seen him get so comfortable with a stranger before." Professor Goodsky, who was sitting behind her desk, rested her head on her hands as she looked at me but studied Sylvie in particular.
"Is there something you needed from me, Director?" I take a seat in front of her desk as Avier, the green owl, left my shoulder and perched on the window ledge behind Cynthia.
"Yes. I called you here regarding the little ’demonstration’ in Professor Geist’s class." Her expression remained unfazed as she mentioned the trouble I must’ve caused her.
"Ah... There were some situations beforehand regarding that, actually..." Before I could explain, Director Goodsky lifted up her hand to interrupt.

"We’ve just dismissed Professor Geist from our academy. Princess Kathyln personally stepped forth and explained, telling me what exactly happened. Of course I had to get some people to verify her testimony but everyone agreed that the professor was a danger to students." She nodded, placing a couple of documents in front of me.
Wow, she worked fast. This incident happened less than two hours ago, but she already managed to handle and fire that professor.
As if she knew what I was thinking, she smiled and added, "It helps move things along when you get the final say in all matters regarding this academy. I have to say, though, that I have never seen the princess so worked up as she was today. When she came in, she had a slightly angry expression on her face, which, by her standards, is quite serious. You must understand how surprised I was. Hoho!" Director Goodsky covered her mouth with a hand as she chuckled softly.
"Really now? I didn’t think that princess could even show emotions." I grinned as well.
"Yes. You must’ve made quite an impression on her, because she defended you quite fervently, leaving Professor Geist no room to defend himself." She gave me a wink.
When I shook my head helplessly, Director Goodsky just laughed, responding, "You’re quite the ladies’ man, Arthur. It’s going to be a problem if you steal the hearts of both princesses! Who knows, you might be the cause of our next civil war! Hahaha!"
She seemed quite amused by something that could devastate the thin balance that this continent had. I wanted to just dismiss the thought, but when I imagined the two princesses fighting it out, I shuddered. I didn’t have the mental capacity to handle even one of the princesses, let alone both of them.
"You know, it’s not really considered young to get married at the age of fourteen or fifteen. I’m sure Tessia will have developed into quite a fine young lady by then." She teased me even further.
"No thank you. I don’t see myself becoming romantically involved anytime soon. Besides, they’re still just kids. Maybe I’ll start thinking about it when the girls my age become a bit more mature." I shrugged.
Leaning forward, the director studied me. "Hoho, the way you say it makes me think that you’ve already matured, Arthur."
"Well, even you must admit that I happen to be a lot more mature than people my age," I responded, leaning back into the chair.
"True, but women do tend to mature faster than men," Director Goodsky stated matter-of-factly.
"I’m still wondering why I got called in here. I’m sure you didn’t just bring me here to tell me that everything was settled and to get married." Sylvie hopped off my head and chased after Avier, who was grooming itself on the window.
"Arthur! I feel like you’re becoming to see me as someone who always has an ulterior motive at hand." She gave me an offended look.
"Haha! I do, because we’re awfully similar in that way, Director." I gave her a wink, making her smile as well.
"Dear me. If that is the case, then I believe I’ve made the right decision," she responded.
"What do you mean?"
"Arthur, what do you think about being the professor for your class, Practical Mana Manipulation?" She clasped her hands, studying my expression.
My eyes widened at this. "You’re not serious, right?"
"Oh, I’m quite serious, Arthur," she said, her expression unfaltering.
"Is that even allowed? I’m a student not even finished with his first day of school. Can I be a student and a professor at the same time? What about my other classes?" I began shooting out arguments as to why this wouldn’t work.
"Please, no need to get so worked up. It’s quite simple, actually. Is it allowed? Yes, as long as I say it is. Although this specific situation has never occurred, there are cases of highly qualified upperclassmen that teach basic courses. As for your other classes, your schedule wouldn’t really change. You would just be teaching that one class, for that period." She gave me a business-like smile.
I began thinking. Director Goodsky wasn’t doing this for her benefit. She would be sure to get a lot of complaints from noble parents protesting why a first year was teaching a class. I, on the other hand, would have a lot more time on my hands, because teaching the course would require a lot less work outside of class.
"I don’t understand why you’re doing this, Director."
"Well, a spot just opened up and you were the one that defeated the previous professor. Doesn’t that give you enough qualifications to enter? Besides, I’m really not doing this for some ulterior motive, Arthur. You don’t have to be too suspicious. This is up to you. I won’t push you into this, but I believe that it would be a good opportunity to build a sort of standing for yourself without having to go around conquering professors. If you wish to further enjoy teaching after this semester, I can give you more classes to teach! I’m sure there are a very limited number of classes that would be of use to you anyway" she chuckled.
Standing up, Goodsky laid a gentle hand on my shoulder. "The choice is yours."





Pondering what the director had said, I just sat there, my eyes blankly staring at something off in the distance. Like she’d mentioned, there was no real benefit for her to hire me as a professor, which is why I found it so suspicious. It was so ingrained in me to be wary of other people’s motivations no matter who they were. I guess as a figure of authority and power, you naturally become suspicious of everyone around you, which was why I couldn’t fathom why she’d asked me to do this.
Practical Mana Manipulation was a class that didn’t have any extra work to grade, which would make it even easier for me to just teach the class. Even if it wasn’t easier, it would help build a good position for myself and would be a lot more interesting. Seeing as how I probably couldn’t escape attention from the students anyway, I might as well do things a bit differently. Of course, I didn’t plan on revealing my full set of skills to anyone just yet, but I didn’t see the point in trying to be completely inconspicuous anymore, especially after today.
"...Arthur?" I snapped out of my thoughts to see that Director Goodsky was looking at me with a rather worried expression.
"Ah, yes. Although I’m not sure how competent I’d be in that kind of role, I’d like to try my hand at being a professor." I looked over the document stating my duties and responsibilities as a teacher.
"I’m sure you’ll do an excellent job," she smiled.
Looking at her, I asked, "Were there any other classes that Professor Geist taught besides mine?"
"Fortunately, no. We hired him this year after he retired from being an adventurer. For this semester, the other professors and I decided to only have him teach one class, as a sort of test run." She shook her head at the pitiful results he’d produced.
"Before I sign, I have one last question," I stated as I read over the final paragraph of the document.
"Go on," she urged.
"Wouldn’t it be counterintuitive that I’m not allowed to hurt students while being part of the disciplinary committee?" I quizzed.
"Ah, good question. The ’not hurting students’ rule is for inside the classroom. While the situation is always investigated for every case, as long as it is for the safety of other students, such as using a certain degree of force to quell a fight or suppress a rampant student. As for outside of class, during your disciplinary committee duties, I’ll trust your judgment on that."
With that, I nodded and signed the document. "I expect great things from you, Arthur, and I’m sure I’m not the only one." She gave me a gentle pat on the shoulder before ushering me to go eat lunch.
CYNTHIA GOODSKY’S POV:
"Whew, what is it about that boy that always keeps me on my toes? Negotiating with him is more heart-straining than dealing with the royal families. What is your take on him, Avier?" My bond gently landed on the arm I held out, his intelligent eyes pondering what to say.
"He is... different. Do not view Arthur Leywin as a child. Whether it is mental acuity or emotional maturity, there is much more to him than the eye can see." The clear words that came out of my bond didn’t seem natural from the movement of his beak.
"What makes you so certain?" I leaned back in my seat.
"His bond. That white fox’s true form should be that of a dragon..."
I bolted up from my seat. "What?! How is that possible? How do you know?"
"It is because we are of the same kind. I may be of a lesser species of dragons but Wyverns are still the dragons’ descendents." Avier went back to grooming himself.
"Are you saying that bond of his is more powerful than you?" I couldn’t help but be utterly baffled by all of this.
"No, that child has yet to mature. She shouldn’t have hatched more than a few of years ago. However, I suspect that when she does develop, my strength will not be even comparable to hers," he stated matter-of-factly.
I couldn’t imagine anyone stronger than Avier. The fact that he was my bond was only because he grew a liking to me when I happened by him, deep in the Beast Glades. He usually did his own thing and I didn’t dare treat him like pet, but the fact that Arthur’s bond was actually a dragon and that it seemed so subservient to him made me wonder what that boy really was.
"Do not make him your enemy, Cynthia. If treated with trust and respect, he will become the greatest ally, but if betrayed, he may be the cause of this continent’s demise." With that warning, Avier flew off.
I leaned forward in my seat, rubbing my throbbing temples as I recalled what happened a couple hours back.

___________________________________________
"Director Goodsky, I request that you remove the boy named Arthur Leywin from my class!" One of my professors slammed the door open as he stormed inside.
"Professor Geist, you look shaken up. What’s wrong?" I was taken by surprise by the sudden intrusion.
"The boy has no respect for me, his professor! Please do not listen to any of the rumors that you may hear. I’m being framed!" The man’s wide face was filled with desperation and anger.
Two brisk knocks sounded from the door.
"Please come in," I stated. At least this person had the decency to knock.
"I apologize for the intrusion, Director." The petite Kathyln gave me a small bow before walking up next to the now pale-faced professor.
"What’s the matter, Kathyln?" I leaned forward, taking a look at the both of them.
"This sorry excuse for a professor needs to be fired," she said expressionlessly.
Professor Geist grabbed Kathyln by the arm, pulling her close to him. "How dare you! ’Sorry excuse’? Me?"
"You dare touch me with your filthy hand?" Her expression didn’t change, and she somehow seemed to be looking down at Professor Geist.
"Professor, I suggest you immediately remove your hand or else, whatever the case may be, it will not be in your favor." I stood up at this point. Using force to get your point across was deplorable.
He immediately let go of Kathyln’s arm before talking. "Ahem... as I was saying. Please do not take to heart the rumors that you may hear. I swear that this was all a misunderstanding and that I’m being framed."
"I have not yet heard of any rumors. Do you mind indulging me, Kathyln?"
"This scum dares to pick on students to feel good about himself. Even ignoring the fact that he utterly humiliated Feyrith, if Arthur didn’t step in, I would’ve..." Without finishing her last sentence, she glared at the professor.
I turned to Professor Geist, who was desperately denying this accusation. "I’m telling you that it was a misunderstanding. I simply wanted to demonstrate in front of the class the level the disciplinary committee is at; you know, for the other students to know."
"If that was simply what this was, then there would be no reason for you to come into my room and insist that Arthur be removed from your class." I couldn’t help but sigh internally at the thought of handling this dilemma.
I turned to my secretary, who had peeked in to see what the fuss was about. "Tricia, please gather information for me from Professor Geist’s class regarding this incident."
My brunette-haired assistant bowed before running off.
"Now, please be patient as this is sorted out. I will do my best to be just about this." Before I was able to dismiss the two of them, Princess Kathyln walked up to me.
"I trust that you will handle this fairly, but just know that, if it wasn’t for Arthur, you wouldn’t be handling this professor’s ethic case but a student’s injury case. MY injury case. I bid you good day, Director." She turned around, completely ignoring Professor Geist, who was taken aback by her last statement.
_____________________________________________
Recalling the testimonies I received, it seemed like Arthur completely overwhelmed Professor Geist. While this professor’s personality never did sit well with me, his skills were more than enough to teach a basic mana manipulation class. Even while being a light yellow core augmenter, and a quite capable one at that, he had been completely defeated by a twelve-year-old.
I let out a sigh in regret that I didn’t measure the level of the boy’s core while he was just here.
A twelve-year-old defeating a veteran adventurer using only his wind and earth attribute mana, which I remembered him mentioning were his weakest, and who also had a bond with a dragon. What more was there to him? If I asked, would he tell me?

ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
"Art! Over here!" I saw Elijah waving at me across the dining hall.
I noticed he was sitting with a girl when I came over.
"This is Charlotte! Charlotte, this is my best friend and roommate, Arthur Leywin." He stood up, gesturing the both of us to shake hands.
"Hi Arthur, I’ve heard a lot about you." She gave a coquettish smile while twiddling her hair.
"Mmm... It’s a pleasure," I responded brusquely before focusing my attention on Elijah.
"How were your classes?" I asked my friend while I fed Sylvie a piece of broccoli.
"Kyu!" ’Noo!’
"Aww~ your little mana beast is so cute! Do you mind if I pet it?" Charlotte got awfully close to me, almost leaning on me while she reached for the top of my head.
But before she got the chance to pet the growling Sylvie, I grabbed her wrist.
"Sorry, she doesn’t like strangers touching her." I looked her dead in the eye, making her blush by how close her face was to mine.
"O-Oh, I’m sorry!" She shrank back, focusing back on the food.
Seemingly ignorant of what was happening, Elijah responded, his mouth full of food. "Classes were great! I especially like my basic chain-casting class and mana utilization class. Although for mana utilization, I feel like the professor that’s teaching is going over the exact same thing that you told me to do. By the way, I met Charlotte in my chain-casting class! She’s really good!"
"Haha, please, you’re making me blush." Charlotte put on a bashful face as she squirmed in her seat.
"..."
"Anyways, how were your classes?! I heard you already beat up a professor! What happened to keeping it cool, man?" He gave me a smirk while he pointed his fork at me accusingly.
"Yeah, about that, so I ended up becoming a professor for that class," I responded coolly, shoving a piece of meat in my mouth while avoiding Sylvie’s attempts at trying to steal it.
Elijah spluttered the food he was chewing towards us as I instinctively leaned back, trying to get out of range.
The girl named Charlotte screamed as received the brunt of my friend’s attack.
"Elijah, that’s gross." I wiped some of the stray food particles that I couldn’t manage to avoid from my face.
"Sorry, sorry...what? You’re going to be a professor?" He wiped his mouth before trying to wipe Charlotte’s face, but Charlotte rejected the offer.
"Mm... I ended up replacing the professor that was teaching the class. So you may now call me Professor Leywin." I smirked at my friend.
"Professor, my ass. But maybe I should ditch my class sometime and go to yours. It’d be interesting to see you teach," he retorted.
As we continued talking, I grew annoyed at the flirting attempts from Charlotte, and even more annoyed at the fact that Elijah was clueless about it all.

"Oh yeah! Charlotte and I were going to go to Downtown Academy to do some shopping. Do you want to join us?" he asked nonchalantly.
"Yes! Arthur, you should join us." She leaned in closer again. There was a small strip on the corner of the academy where fancy restaurants and cafes, along with shopping booths were located for the rich nobles to spoil themselves. With that, you could imagine how enormous the academy was.
"I have three more classes, remember? I’m taking the upper division classes after lunch."
Elijah just shrugged at this. "Oh yeah, I forgot. No big deal! I guess it’ll just be me and Charlotte."
Charlotte smiled awkwardly at Elijah’s happy-go-lucky face and responded, "Ah, sorry. I totally forgot that I had other plans today. I’m so sorry! We should definitely go next time, though! All three of us! Bye."
With that, she walked off, leaving my friend and I alone at the small dining table.
"I guess she was really busy." Elijah looked a bit disappointed.
Oh, Elijah...
Leaning close, he asked me in a serious voice. "So, what did you think about Charlotte? She’s pretty, huh?! Do you think I have a shot with her?"
Oh, Elijah...
"I think you can do better, buddy." I patted my clueless friend on the back as we walked out of the dining hall together.
Elijah decided that he wanted to go to the library after his plans suddenly washed away, so after walking him there, I made my way to my first upper division class, Team-Fighting Mechanics I.
The classroom, or should say field, to be more accurate, was on the other side of the academy, where all of the upper division classes were held.
The "room" consisted of a huge grass field with several obstacles placed randomly, encased by high walls with runes engraved in them. On top of one of the walls was a separate little room protected by a glass encasing. I assumed that the room was used as a viewing platform for the rest of the students.
I saw some students had arrived before me, talking to each other, and I immediately noticed some familiar figures.
"Ah! I didn’t know you’d be in an upper division class, Arthur." Curtis Glayder waved at me as soon as he realized who I was. Grawder, Curtis’ bond, was lying with his eyes closed right next to him.
"Yeah, I didn’t think I’d have a class with you. Please take care of me." I grasped his hand.
"Good to see you again, Arthur!" Claire Bladeheart put her arm around my neck while smiling brightly. "We have to do our best not to embarrass the disciplinary committee, right?"
"Haha, I’ll do my best. Is this everyone that’s going to be in the class?" I replied, turning back to Curtis. I heard that this class had a fairly small number of students, and that it was one of the most popular classes.
"Hmmm, there should be a few... ah, there they come!" Looking back, I saw several more students and I couldn’t help but smile wearily.
"Princess Tessia is as beautiful as always, isn’t she?" I heard one of the students murmur.
Walking this way amongst the small group of students was Tessia Eralith, my childhood friend, and Clive Graves, the student vice president.
She noticed me and I could tell she was about to greet me but she noticed that I had an older woman’s arm around my neck, so instead, she shot me a glare before snapping her head away, pouting.
Clive, oblivious of why she got angry, straight up gave me the death glare as his narrow eyes became even sharper.
"Good afternoon, Princess Tessia!" Not bothering to remove the arm around my neck, Claire smiled and waves at Tess.
"Pleasure," she responded, her expression fierce.
After she walked past us, she secretly snuck in a pinch to my side, jolting me up.
"Hmm, I wonder if she’s in a bad mood today," Claire pondered.
It’s because of you!
As Claire removed her arm from my neck, I turned to see someone behind us in the back of the group. As soon as I recognized who it was, my face started burning in anger while my clenched fists turned white. It was Lucas Wykes.





My body couldn’t help but tremble in suppressed anger at the thought of being in the same class as that brat Lucas, and of all classes, a team-fighting class. The sick irony of having that traitor in a class focused on learning team cohesion in battles almost made me want to laugh.
Our eyes met but he looked at me apathetically, like I was an insect on the ground.
"Good! Everyone’s here!" a loud voice suddenly booms over the field. As all of the students started turning their heads to locate where the voice had come from, I looked straight up to see a massive hawk-like mana beast hovering over the field.
This beast was at least 4 meters long and its wingspan was well over 8 meters. With its sharp talons tucked underneath it, the beast slowly made its descent, revealing a well-toned woman with a giant sword strapped to her back, standing up on the back of the hawk.
"Welcome! My name is Professor Glory, and I will be the one teaching all of you brats! This Flare Hawk is Torch, my precious bond."
The first thing I did was measure the stage our professor’s mana core was at, but upon trying to inspect her level, I felt a sudden sharp pain in my head as Professor Glory whipped her gaze at me. Giving me a confident smile, she gazed down in my direction. Hopping off of her Flare Hawk, she made her way around the group of students in her class. Studying each of the students she passed, she took a closer look at some of them before making her way towards me.
It wasn’t unusual for mages to build defenses around their core stages, especially the higher level ones. It was also a lot more difficult to hide which element they used, since the mana particles of their element naturally surrounded them. Most don’t find the need to hide their elemental attribute so it wasn’t a big deal even if they couldn’t, but needless to say, it was surprising to see how strong Professor Glory’s defenses were.
I couldn’t tell what her core stage was or even her elemental attribute. While I got the hang of masking my core stage level, I needed to use seals in order to completely hide my elemental attributes. I wasn’t sure whether she used seals like I did but one thing was for sure: she knew I was the one inspecting her.
"I have to say, you guys have set the bar pretty high for all of the other classes," she announced after inspecting Lucas. She took quite a bit longer to inspect the disciplinary committee and the student council members, nodding every once in awhile.
"Well if it isn’t my newest colleague, Arthur Leywin. It’s a pleasure to meet you," Professor Glory gave me a playful grin, as if she was itching to tease me.
The students started murmuring amongst the group in confusion.
One of the male upperclassmen raised his hand. "Professor Glory, what do you mean by colleague?"
"Ah! Most of you probably saw him at the commencement this morning but this boy is a freshman disciplinary committee officer. A real prodigy if I do say so myself. He’s also a newly appointed professor for the Practical Mana Manipulation class that you guys all took during your underclassman years." She gave me a firm pat on the back.
"WHAT?!!"
"You can’t be serious, Professor!"
"If that brat is a professor then I’m the king of this continent!"
"What has this academy turned into, to accept a freshman as a professor?"
"How is that even possible? Even the best upperclassmen these days don’t get picked to be professors, but that first year did?"
The various noises of protests made me sigh. They were bound to find out eventually but it would’ve taken the upperclassmen a bit longer to find out this news, considering they didn’t really get much information about the lower division classes.
"GRRRR~" Sylvie’s fur stood on-end as she growled warningly at the group of students. ’Papa is stronger than all of you combined!’

Everyone had seen Sylvie by now, whether it was from passing through the academy or at the commencement ceremony earlier today so no one really cared much about the tiny mana beast on my head that could turn big enough to swallow them whole.
"Now, now! Before we jump straight into complaints, we should have more faith in the director’s decision. He has qualified to some degree by beating the professor that taught the class previously!" She shot me a wink.
"But Professor Glory! The underclassmen professors aren’t all that great anyway! I bet some of the upperclassmen students here could beat most of them!" Another round of complaints issued on, making me grow sleepy. Must’ve been the food coma setting in from lunch.
"Haha! To be honest, I’m itching to test how strong you really are, boy! Unfortunately, Director Goodsky made it clear for us to not do that. So! These students here will test you in my place!" She put her hands on her hip, grinning in anticipation.
By now, I noticed a sudden raging fire burning in some of the male students’ eyes as they looked at me. I could almost see the words they were thinking etched into their face.
’I’m going to kill this bastard.’
’Who does this brat think he is?’
’Murder, murder, murder, murder...’
’I’m jealous. Why is he good looking too? He needs to die.’
The female students, on the other hand have a look in their eyes that scared me even more. Their stares remind me of hyenas looking at fresh meat as they almost drooled over the ’goods’ that I suddenly became to them.
Taking a glance at Tess, I notice that she has a surprised look on her face, her lips curling slightly in pride, but when she noticed that I was looking at her and quickly glanced away, her ears a little red.
Sigh, you know... it’s not weird for you to talk to me.
Clive, on the other hand, scowled in contempt while Lucas looked at me with his brow raised in renewed interest, as if I had gotten promoted from an insect to a mammal.
"Director Goodsky told me to take it easy on my upper division classes until I adjusted to school. This is my first day, after all," I tried to ease my way out of this. Fighting against these hormonal teenagers wasn’t going to end well.
"Oh, come on! That’s no fun now, is it? In order to get proper respect, a certain amount of skill needs to be shown, you know? It’s just to prove to us that you are actually capable of being in this upper division class. Isn’t that right, class?" she shouted.
"Yeah!"
Was this a military boot camp or something? Why was there always a reason to prove myself in whatever situation came up?
"Sigh... What did you have in mind, Professor Glory?" I said in defeat. This wasn’t going to end and I didn’t want to waste my breath in arguing with people who didn’t want to hear logic.
"Fear not! I am a just and fair woman!" she harrumphed.
Just and fair, my ass.
I felt as if she had just read my mind because she wrapped her well-built arm around my neck and squeezed. Unlike the Twin Horns’ Angela’s chest, hers was muscular and hard, not much different from a man’s.

"We will start off this semester by playing a little game! Aren’t I so nice?" By the look on her face, she was the most excited about this. Continuing on, she said, "So! What kind of game should we play... a mock team battle? War?"
"How about having the three disciplinary committee officers on the same team, Professor? I feel like that could be a good way to let us work on teamwork as well," Curtis raised his hand as Claire nodded in agreement next to him.
"Hmmm, not a bad idea!" she responded while rubbing her chin.
"But Professor, both Curtis and Claire are top students in this academy! It wouldn’t be fair to have both of them on the same team as him," a tall, black-haired teen argued.
"That’s true.... Aha! I got it! For the DC team, we will have Arthur play the role of king, the match resulting in an immediate loss if he gets put out of battle. I think that should be fair. Now, what about the other team?" As if she was talking to herself, she started muttering off possible candidates when a hand raised.
"Professor. How about having the student council president and I as their opponent?" Clive suggested.
"What?" Tess turns her head to Clive in surprise. But before she had the chance to object, Professor Glory clasped her hands.
"OHH! Now things are getting interesting! But it would be unfair to have only the two of you against the three of them." She looked around the group of students.
"I think the president and I will suffice if the immediate loss rule affecting Arthur Leywin is implemented," he said seriously.
"I’ll volunteer to be on the Student Council Team," Lucas Wykes said calmly while leaning on his staff.
"Hmmm, Mr. Wykes, our other genius freshman... Very well! It would be a good chance to see your abilities in action as well!" I could tell she had a twinge of doubt. Maybe she’d heard some rumors about him.
Some of the other students groaned in disappointment that they didn’t get the chance to beat me up and be on the same team as the student council president but everyone was clearly excited to see the match.
"The match will have a time limit of 30 minutes, where we will have a short discussion and a breakdown of it afterwards. Please gear up!" With that, a pile of what looked like exercise gear dropped to the ground out of Professor Glory’s dimension ring.
Turning serious, she began explaining. "This is special equipment designed by artificers to measure the amount of damage that is dealt. This equipment will activate, releasing a shrill noise, if the damage it takes passes the threshold that’s encrypted into it. If anyone chooses to ignore this warning and continues to fight or cast spells, it will lead to immediate expulsion from my class and other possible consequences regarding your stay here as a student. This rule goes for any upper division fighting class in this academy, so engrave it into your guys’ brains. All of you are at the level where protecting yourselves with mana shouldn’t be a problem. Let me reiterate this but, this equipment won’t protect you so don’t rely on it as a source of protection," She announced to everyone else in the class as well. Clearing her throat, Professor Glory shouted. "Do I make myself clear?!"
"YES!""
"Good! Now, the six of you gear up." She got back on her bond while the rest of the students headed towards the viewing platform.
Curtis came up to me and patted my back before picking up his gear. "Well, it seems like we’re going to have an early practice session! Let’s do our best, Arthur. I still remember you wanting a sword back then. Let’s see how good you are!"
"We can’t embarrass the DC name now, can we? I’ll make practice extra hard for anyone who doesn’t meet standards!" Claire grinned evilly while grabbing her gear.
Clive and Lucas walked past me, ignoring me as I went after them to pick up my gear. The gear consisted of a tight jacket and a series of straps that I wrapped around my legs and arms.
I was having trouble putting on the arm wraps when Tess silently came up and helped me bind the straps around my right arm.
"Is it okay for Princess Tessia to be helping me like this?" I smirked while letting her help me.

Shooting me a glare, she tightened the straps, jerking my arm towards her. "Can it, Mr. Genius. They’re over there anyways. Sigh...I can’t stand acting like I don’t know you." Her gaze softened.
"You know, they’re going to find out eventually. Why try so hard hiding it?" I shrugged.
"You mean... you don’t care? Grandma Cynthia mentioned to me about you wanting to keep a low profile so I thought..." Her face lost composure as she started stuttering.
"Pff... Well I haven’t been doing a very good job of that, now have I?" I couldn’t help but snicker, confusing Tess even more.
"It’s okay. There are just a few things I mainly wanted to hide. As long as those remain a secret, the rest doesn’t really matter. For one, do you notice anything?" I stuck out my chest to let her analyze me.
"I don’t get what... Ah! I can’t sense your—mfff!"
She was getting too loud so I had to cover her mouth. Leaning closer to her face, I whispered, "Yup, that, and Sylvie’s true identity as well. I’m keeping most of my abilities a secret for now so you have to do your part as well. Maybe keeping the fact that I visited your kingdom a secret might be a good idea but you don’t have to ignore me, Tess." I let go of her mouth and patted her head, making her flush and push me away from her.
"Y-You’re too c-close," Tess muttered under her breath as she’s tilted her head down.
"Are you guys done flirting over there?" Professor Glory’s voice from above surprised the both of us as I quickly finish adjusting the straps.
"Ah! Arthur. I suggest you leave your bond in a safer place if she’s not capable of assisting you during the battle like Curtis’ bond." She pointed towards the viewing platform.
"Kyu!" Sylvie cried in protest.
"I think it’ll be better for you to sit this one out, Sylv," I said while patting her small head.
’Aww... Okay.’ She jumped off my head before scurrying off out of the field.
Tess just finished putting on her gear as I went up to her. "Let’s both do our best. I want to see how much you improved."
Giving me a confident smile, she said back, "You better watch out then," before running off to the other side of the field where Clive and Lucas were.
I headed towards Curtis and Claire. Claire was stretching while Curtis mounted on top of his World Lion, Grawder.
"Even with Grawder, we’re still at a disadvantage because they have two conjurers and Clive is a long range augmenter. The fact that it’s an instant loss for us if your gear activates gives us a seriously limited set of options." Claire leaned on her unsheathed sword while stretching her leg back.
"You’re right. Claire and I don’t really know anything about your fighting style so we’ll match your pace. We’ll take priority in protecting you while we get in range to do some damage." Curtis responded while petting Grawder.
I looked for Tess, Clive and Lucas and spotted them a few dozen meters away. Seemed like we were going to be target practice for them until we got in range. This would be fun.
I couldn’t help but grin as my blood boiled. It would feel good giving Lucas a few good blows during the match, although I could only imagine that both Lucas and Clive were thinking the same thing.
I took out Dawn’s Ballad, making sure to not take out its sheath, as both Curtis and Claire readied their weapons as well.
"That’s a beautiful sword you have there, Arthur," Claire whistled as she stared at my blade. Then she released a fierce battle aura as she infused both wind and fire attribute mana into her body.
I had to admit that Curtis also looked pretty damn impressive wielding his dual double-edged swords while mounting his bond.
I turned forward as well, imbuing wind and earth mana into my body and sword. My hair and clothes fluttered as the ground beneath me pulsed to my command.
Professor Glory’s powerful voice echoed through the battlefield, signaling us to begin.
"LET THE MATCH COMMENCE!"





On Professor Glory’s signal, the three of us dashed forward. Curtis, who was mounted on top of Grawder, was to my left and Claire was to my right, both a bit ahead of me.
Tess, Clive and Lucas all split up as soon as we charged. Tess circled around the left side as she prepared to take on Curtis, while Clive dashed around the right side to confront Claire before she reached him.
Straight ahead, I saw Lucas calmly waiting for me, his face twisted into a haughty sneer that seemed to say ’I don’t need to get ready for you.’ Whether it was at the Dire Tombs or even now, Lucas’ arrogance had no limit. I still remembered when he betrayed us by using us as live bait so he could escape. Even then, he had the same sneer he had now.
Tess was probably going to beat Curtis and I wasn’t sure who was stronger between Claire and Clive but I’d worry about that later. Wind and earth bent to my will as I infused more mana, activating mana rotation as well. Lucas wasn’t weak. His mana pool was bigger than mine, but that didn’t mean he was stronger than me.
"Will you be alright by yourself against Lucas?" I heard Curtis shout as he dashed towards Tess.
Claire looked back at me in slight worry as well until I gave them a silent nod. She nodded back and focused on the student vice president.
Lucas sensed a bit of the killing intent I purposely let out to shock him out of his pedestal as he began quietly chanting a spell while dashing backwards to get more distance between us.
Soaring up ahead, I felt Professor Glory’s keen eyes studying me as I closed the gap between us. I took a deep breath and blocked out everything else. As far as I was concerned, this was a fight between Lucas and me. Narrowing my eyes in utmost concentration, each powerful step I took created small craters in the ground as the wind whistled around me.
Lucas let out a chortle before he released his spell. "Inferno’s Cage!"
The spell reminded me of the Ember Wisp spell that both Lucas and Ex-Professor Geist had used, but it was a lot bigger. The orbs scattered and floated in place around the both of us, creating a dome made of fire.
Don’t tell me...
With a confident smirk, he snapped his finger and uttered, "Activate."
The orbs glowed in response before spewing out bullets of fire. If it was a spell on the level of Ember Wisp, I would be able to close the gap while dodging the fireballs, but this was insane. Dozens of fire blasts were locked in on my position and fired at a constant rate, coming from all directions. If I hadn’t train my body and fighting techniques during my time as an adventurer, I doubted that, no matter how fast I was, I would be able to dodge everything. Without even giving me a chance to take a step closer to my target, I was forced to dodge and block every incoming missile constantly bombarding me.
Inferno’s Cage...whoever came up with this spell deserved a sword up the ass to feel what a pain it was to deal with. On top of the constant fireballs and streams of flames that locked in on me, the heat inside this dome was wearing me down. Without my fire attribute mana or water attribute mana, there was no direct way to counter the heat inside. Using fire attribute mana to make my body more immune to fire or even using water attribute mana to directly cool my body were both out of the question.
"Keep running around, monkey. Do you think it’s even possible for the peasants of the mages to actually have a chance against someone like me? I can’t wait to step on you to crush whatever speck of confidence you had just because you became a DC member and a professor. I thought this class would be a waste of time but now I know why I was brought here. It was to crush you." His little pretty boy face was wrenched in an ugly expression as he sneered.
’Are you okay, Papa?’ Sylvie’s concerned voice echoed into my head after feeling how frustrated I was at the moment.
Yeah, I’m fine Sylv. Don’t worry about me. How’s everyone else doing? I send back.
’Mama is winning against Curtis and Claire is winning against that serious-looking guy,’ she responded.

Okay, just tell me if something unusual happens. I turned my focus back to the fight. Dodging the flame bullets and the occasional streams of fire was easy but I couldn’t get closer to Lucas. I would release a wind blade and some spikes of earth at Lucas but either the orbs that made up the dome destroyed it or Lucas just blocked the spell with one of his.
What is with this kid’s mana pool? Does he not have a limit to how long he can keep this spell up? No, calm down, Arthur. You don’t want to be impatient. Think. How can I use wind? Wind? What is wind? It’s the movement of air, right? What is air? Oxygen? Nitrogen? So am I able to control oxygen and nitrogen as well? If so, how?
I was growing frustrated at my lack of comprehension in my wind and earth elements. Now was as good a time as any to try and comprehend. It wasn’t just enough to shoot wind bullets or wind blades because Lucas had already prepared several levels of fire shields around himself.
I wasn’t thinking outside of the box when I used wind. Even with mana rotation, I didn’t have the necessary mana to form a tornado big enough to swallow the fire shooting at me, and even if I did, I didn’t think I’d be able to last longer than Lucas. What was I missing?
"Keep squirming! I’m sure I can get away with it if a couple of fireballs land on you, even after your gear activates. You know, since I can’t cancel the blasts from the orbs once they’ve been released," He shrugged nonchalantly as the shields around him block any spells I fired at him.
Think, Arthur. Let’s focus on fire. What does fire need for it keep burning? It needs oxygen. Could I get rid of the oxygen around me so that the fire couldn’t reach me? Then what would happen to me? Would I be able to breathe?
PROFESSOR GLORY’S POV:
Hmmm... Lucas... he’s better than I’ve heard.
Inferno’s Cage was a pretty tough spell to master, yet he was able to cast it while running backwards. Seriously, he was barely thirteen and he could already use a domain type spell. Haa... the world sure was coming to a change, with a half-elf like him using fire attribute magic, and even Princess Tess—they were all monsters. I got shivers down my back imagining how strong they’d become by the time they graduated from here.
But that brat, Arthur... What the hell was he? Lucas Wykes, since he awakened a few years back thanks to his elf lineage, I could sort of understand the level of control he had with his spells. Tessia Eralith, her being of pure elven lineage from the royal family guaranteed that her skills were a few levels above anyone anywhere near her age. But Arthur?
As soon as he flashed through the field to confront Lucas, I felt cold sweat. The way both the wind and earth naturally gravitated and danced around him—he wasn’t controlling the elements to his commands like typical mages did. No, he was in perfect harmony with the mana surrounding him, as if the elements were mere extensions of his limbs.
Seemed like that brat Lucas was taking Arthur seriously. Good thing too, or he probably would’ve lost instantly. Currently, the spell Inferno’s Cage encompassed both Arthur and Lucas in a large dome of fire. I could tell Lucas was a bit worn out after using it, but this was a continuous spell that he could leave activated until he ran out of mana, which I didn’t feel would happen anytime soon. The dome made up of tiny orbs of fire was like a death trap used by conjurers to gain the advantage against augmenters or agile mana beasts.
The tiny orbs could shoot out beams and bullets of fire anywhere inside the dome, leaving the augmenter occupied enough so that the conjurer could cast more spells, uninterrupted.
I focused my gaze over to Curtis Glayder and Tessia Eralith. As expected, Curtis was having a hard time. I had the chance to observe the elf princess practicing with our director once, and I had to say, the way she battled was exquisite. She was a conjurer but her staff was actually a sharp blade made of a special wood that was lighter but harder than most metals. Casting buffs on herself and using spells in sync with her movement, she danced around the vines she conjured with a speed faster than even some trained augmenters from the wind aiding each motion and action.
She fought in a mixed style of both conjuring spells and using close combat so she had no notable weakness. Compared to my masculine way of fighting, I could only admire how graceful and beautiful her style was.
Claire Bladeheart, on the other hand, was gaining the advantage on our student vice president. Clive was a rare long range augmenter that wielded a short bow capable of firing arrows at an almost unbelievably fast pace. Usually, he would be at an advantage against most augmenters but Claire was a bad match-up for him. Miss Bladeheart’s style mimicked that stick, Kaspian. With her dual elements, she created spears of wind and fire from her rapier. She had yet to reach his level but with constant training, I was confident she could surpass her uncle.
I turned my attention back to the most intense battle, which was definitely Arthur and Lucas’. I noticed that most of the students were watching their fight as well, in awe from both of their abilities.
"Hmm?" I couldn’t help but raise an eyebrow at what was happening. That was strange. Arthur was getting hit by the fireballs now. At this rate, even with protection from mana, his gear was going to activate.

He had dodged them so effortlessly just a minute ago too. I focused more mana into my eyes to get a better look. The dome of fire surrounding them blocked a lot of the view but I could still sort of make out the fight. It seemed like Arthur was trying to do something. Was he holding his breath? What was he trying to do in this situation?
"Torch! Fly down a bit lower!" My bond descended as he angled his massive wings to keep himself level.
As we slowly circled around the huge fire dome that surrounded a third of the field, I began noticing some changes. Around him, for every three or four fire blast that scraped or hit him, one would completely extinguish before it reached him.
"No..." A smile crept up on my face as I continued observing him. "Don’t tell me he’s actually trying to learn how to manipulate air in this situation right now..." I covered my mouth as I continued to smile in wonder. "That little monster... he has guts, I’ll give him that."
Air manipulation was a variation of wind magic, albeit a much harder one. Breaking down the components of any element and trying to directly manipulate it is something only the most keen and sensitive mages can do, and that’s while meditating in a perfectly calm and peaceful environment. After years of practice through meditation, the mage might begin experimenting in real life situations like incorporating it into spells.
The blue fire technique was a perfect example of that. It took years of meditation to reach the stage of stably summoning blue flames and even longer to do it fast enough for it be of use in actual battles.
This little beast was skipping a few steps and trying to incorporate a completely new technique in the middle of a battle? My hands trembled in excitement at the thought of being able to witness the development of a mage that can perhaps become the pinnacle of power in this school—no, maybe even this continent!
"GROOOOAAAAAARR!" Turning my attention at the sound, it seemed like Princess Tessia and Prince Glayder’s battle was reaching its climax.
Curtis Glayder’s uniform was full of small gashes and nicks. I must admit that Curtis had done fairly well against the only disciple of our Director Goodsky, although it was most likely because of his bond that he was able to last this long.
"You’ve forced me to do this, Princess Eralith! Please be careful! PHASE ONE! KING’S WRATH!" I heard Prince Glayder roar as his body glowed.
Oh! He activated the acquire phase of his beast’s will. Curtis rarely chose to use his beast’s ability because he didn’t really consider it his own power. I had to hand it to him for having the right mentality. It was said that some beast tamers chose to only use their unique powers instead of honing their own. Because of that, while still strong, they never really improve themselves in the long run. In order to utilize the most of the beast will, the user himself needed to strengthen his own power.
As he activated his beast will’s first phase, a noticeable transformation occurred in him. While the amount of visible change differed by the person, Prince Glayder’s change was visibly apparent. Both his deep red spiky hair and eyebrows became longer and messier while the straps that wrapped around his arms tightened from his muscles expanding. His extended canines became visible as he roared.
I whistled.This sight never failed to impress me.
When I shifted my gaze to Princess Tessia, though, who was standing on top of a series of vines, her face looked unnaturally pale. That’s odd, it didn’t look like she took any damage.
I was quite a bit away from Tessia and Curtis’ battle since I was encircling Lucas and Arthur’s, but with mana-infused eyes, I could make out even the beads of sweat rolling down the princess’ face.
"This is my most powerful attack. If you can take this on, I’ll admit my defeat! Please prepare yourself!" Prince Glayder’s voice became a lot louder and huskier after activating his beast’s will. He was a ferocious sight to behold on top of his bond, Grawder.
"WORLD HOWL!" A serious amount of mana gathered in front of the mouth of Prince Glayder as he invoked his breath attack. The world lion had a powerful move that they used as a last resort against enemies more powerful than them. It was a beam of condensed earth attribute mana that could shred anything in its way if not blocked properly.
A little worried, I looked at Tessia again, and I could see her mumble an incantation when the worst case scenario happened.

ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
Goddamn it! This is frustrating as hell! I could only grimace and try harder as I continued to try and manipulate the air molecules surrounding me. I had little success so far but I felt like I was onto something here. Lucas, noticing this, clicked his tongue and started chanting spells again.
"Flame Guardians!" he shouted.
I let out a small grin as I realized he was reaching his limit. Then again, so was I—or more accurately, so was my combat equipment. I wasn’t sure when this thing would start screaming its alarm so I had to finish this fast.
As the flame soldiers gained on me, Sylvie’s worried voice boomed in my head, ’PAPA! Something’s wrong with Mama! She’s going to get hit by a powerful attack and she’s not doing anything! This is really bad! Should I go help, Papa?’
Dammit!
’NO! You can’t do anything while you’re in that form!’ I shouted back in my head.
I could sense the feeling of desperation from Sylvie, making me all the more anxious.
"NOOO!!"
I took a quick glance up to where I heard Professor Glory’s scream and noticed she’d gone full speed to where Tess and Curtis was.
’Papa! She’s not going to make it in time!’ Sylvie echoed back, sounding even more worried than before.
Dammit!
[Dragon’s Will, Phase One. Static Void.]
My knees almost gave upon activation of the first phase of Sylvia’s beast will as the color of everything became inverted. This ability to shift myself outside of the world’s time and space came with a limit. I couldn’t affect anything outside of myself unless I chose to bring it in here with me.
"I don’t have time," I said to myself.
As I dashed through the gap between the orbs that made up the dome created by Inferno’s Cage, I passed by the frozen professor on top of her mount, Torch.
Quite a bit ahead I saw Tess, already fainted and falling from the conjured vine she was standing on, clutching her abdomen as a massive breath attack released by Glayder was almost upon her.
Sylvie was right. If I had left it to Professor Glory, she wouldn’t have made it in time. I could only purse my lips in dread as I imagined my precious friend dying.
I sped up, my vision growing blurry as I ran out of energy. I was almost at my limit.
Fuck. Hold on, Arthur. You can do this.
I made my final dash towards the area where Curtis and Tess were fighting and as I jumped off a crumbled vine, I wrapped my body around Tess and create a barrier around the both of us with the little mana I had left.
Haa.... This is going to hurt.
I released my first phase and as the world reverted back into its original color, I felt a tremendous searing pain on my back. But before I could even scream, my vision faded, and the last thing I heard before passing out was the shrill sound of my gear activating.





PROFESSOR GLORY’S POV:
I’m too late! Damn it! What happened to her? Why did she suddenly collapse? Is something wrong with her mana core? Why now?
I could only watch in horror as Prince Curtis’ breath attack made its way towards Princess Tessia. With absolute no defenses around her, would she live? If so, would she even be able to continue being a mage? Forget mage—she might have to live crippled for the rest of her life!
I could feel tears well up in my eyes as I desperately made my way towards them, but I knew I wasn’t going to make it. What would the consequences be? I would be happy if it just ended with me getting fired. I was more concerned that this would start a civil war. During this important time in the continent, was I going to be the cause of the split between the three races?
As Curtis’ World Howl engulfed the princess, I screamed in dread. A look of shock crossed Prince Glayder’s face as he realized after releasing his attack that Tessia was already unconscious. There was no way, though. There was no way to stop the attack.
After what seemed like hours, the beam slowly dissipated, and what I saw shocked me even more than the worst possible scenario I imagined.
In utter incredulity, I just stammered. "A-A-Arthur Leywin?"
How the hell did he get there? Just moments ago, he was occupied with Lucas inside Inferno’s Cage. Instant teleportation? Was that even possible?
No... no no... no... that wasn’t possible.
I jumped off of Torch as soon as I got close enough and rushed towards Arthur and Princess Tessia. Arthur was in bad shape. Most of his clothes were disintegrated, with only patches of his uniform intact and a strange bandage around his left arm. He was bloody all over and I could see deep gashes near his sides where a rib bone was visible. His body was wrapped around the princess and from what I could tell; he’d used most of his mana to protect her. Thanks to that, she was almost unscathed.
The rest of the students all rushed out of the viewing platform and made their way here. Fortunately, the princess was okay, but Arthur needed immediate attention. But as soon as I got close enough to try and help them, Arthur’s little bond stopped me in my tracks.
"Grrr..." Normally, I’d find the small white fox that rode on top of Arthur’s head cute, but right now, the killing intent it was giving off was anything but. The amount of pure menace radiating from that little fox was no joke. It seemed to be protecting its master and Princess Tessia.
"It’s okay little buddy, I’m only trying to help." I tried to slowly ease my way closer but its growl only got louder. Torch, who was normally unafraid even in the chaos of battle, held me back with her beak clutching the back of my shirt.
"P-Professor, I-I didn’t mean to. I mean, I didn’t think Princess Tessia would suddenly faint." Curtis ran to me, his face pale in fright.
"It’s alright, I know. I don’t know how, but Arthur managed to protect the Princess. His bond won’t let me get close to them though." I clenched my fists in frustration. Arthur needed immediate attention. Why was his bond risking his master’s life by doing this? What was it trying to protect?
Curtis tried to get to Arthur and Tessia but failed as well, so we all just stood around the two of them. Every attempt at getting even a step closer to Arthur and Tessia resulted in the bond lashing out at us. "Someone get Director Goodsky!" I barked out. Some of the students regained their senses but when they were about to leave, a loud screech filled the air.
From above, a green owl soared down and landed in front of Arthur’s bond.
"Kyu!"
"Hoo~"
"Kyu kyu~"
"Hoot!"
"A-Are they communicating?" Prince Glayder couldn’t help but stammer out in confusion.
"I-I think so?" I scratched my head at this. Could mana beasts of different species communicate with each other?
As we all stood there, watching a white fox and a green owl ’talk’, a couple of minutes later, Director Goodsky arrived looking quite flustered.
"Oh my." She kneeled in front of the two of them but this time, Arthur’s bond didn’t do anything to stop her.
"Director Goodsky..." Before I had the chance to tell her what happened, she stopped me.
"Please. I’ll hear what happened later. Taking these two to the infirmary is top priority. I will take them myself. Go contact Guild Hall and have them send over their top healers," she said while levitating Arthur and the princess.

I gave her a nod before getting on top of Torch.
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
"COUGH! COUGH! Aughh..."
I woke up to a jolt of searing pain throughout my side, causing me to erupt in a fit of coughs. My whole body felt immersed in a concoction of different kinds of pain, from the stabbing pain to the burning pain to the throbbing pain with the occasional tearing pain radiating over my entire body.
Without the strength to even scream, I was left gritting my teeth as I clenched the side of the bed I was lying on.
They really needed to hurry up and invent anesthesia.
A few minutes later as I got a little more used to the agony my body was in; I feebly turned my head to see Sylvie sleeping next to me.
"How are you feeling, Arthur?" Director Goodsky’s familiar voice came from the other side of the bed.
Without the strength to turn my head again, I whimpered, "Never better. Why do you ask?"
"If you have the will to answer sarcastically, I’m sure you’ll be okay," she chuckled
If I had the strength to roll my eyes at her, I would have.
"How’s Tessia?" I asked, my voice hoarse.
"Well, good news is, Tessia is in a much better state than you." She let out a sigh.
"...Her body can’t handle her beast will, right?"
"How did you know?" Director Goodsky came around so she could face me completely.
"Because I was the one that gave the beast will to her." I tried to sit up but the pain from my body made me stop almost immediately.
Continuing what I was saying, I gritted my teeth to bear the pain. "Make sure no one knows that Tessia has a beast will, at least for now. I’d help Tessia with the assimilation myself if I was able to but I’ll leave her to you." I could tell she wanted to ask more questions but she held back for my sake.
"Once I got you both back into infirmary, I didn’t let anyone else see either of you besides the healers. I contacted the royal family, as well as your own, though. They should be coming soon. I assumed that she acquired the beast will from Virion but to think it was from you...Get some rest, Arthur. Though your body is unusually strong and I don’t think there will be any repercussions from moving around soon, it’s better to be safe than sorry." She headed to the door but turned back before leaving. "Thank you for saving Tessia."
I gave her a weak smile as I slumped back to sleep.
_______________________
The next time I stirred awake was from Sylvie licking my cheek. ’Papa, are you feeling better now?’
I must’ve been having a nightmare because I was drenched in sweat.
"Honey! Art is awake!" I heard my mother’s voice to my left.
Turning my head was a lot easier if I ignored the pain.
"Hey Mom, when’d you guys get here?" I gave her the best smile I could muster up.
"Are you okay? Director Goodsky didn’t really tell us what happened yet. How did you get hurt so badly on the first day of school?!" I could tell she wanted to hug me but she held herself back after realizing I probably wasn’t in the best state for that.
My sister rushed to the other side of the bed and leaned forward. "Brother!! Are you okay now? Does it hurt?" My eyes widened in horror as I noticed that she was about to place her hand on my body to probe me but before she was able to, Mother stopped her.

"You’re already getting into fights, Son?" my father smirked.
"You should see how the other guy looks," I grinned back, making him laugh.
My mother just gasped at this and started actually imagining what the other person must look like.
"He’s only joking, Mrs. Leywin." Coming in through the door was Director Goodsky with the whole Eralith family, including Tess, who was looking a lot better.
"Th-This..." My father took a step back in surprise as my mother gasped, covering her mouth.
"Pleased to finally make your acquaintance, Mr. and Mrs. Leywin," Alduin Eralith, Tessia’s father and the former king of Elenoir, grabbed my stunned father’s hand and shook it.
"We have always wanted to meet the parents of Arthur. It is such a pleasure to meet you in person." Merial, the former queen of Elenoir and Tessia’s mother, Merial Eralith hugged my mother, who still had her hands over her mouth in disbelief.
Merial then went to Ellie and patted her head gently. "You must be Arthur’s little sister. You’re so adorable!"
"I-I saw you guys at the announcement a couple of months back..." My father’s speaking skills seemed to drastically decline in front of them, which I found surprising since they didn’t react this much even towards the king and queen of Sapin.
"Greetings. I go by Virion Eralith, and I am your son’s former teacher." He shot me a cheeky grin as he grasped my father’s hand.
Without the energy to even retort, I just smiled helplessly back as my father and mother’s gazes switched back and forth between the Eralith family and me.
"H-H-H-Hello! My name is Tessia Eralith. It’s a pleasure to m-meet you! Please take care of me! I’m Arthur’s childhood f-f-friend and I’m not sure if he talked about me with you but I really am!" Tessia bowed so her body was at a full ninety-degree angle, her voice a mixture of respect and panic. She quickly got back up with her hair draping over most of her face and as she tried to fix her hair, I could see her face becoming more and more red.
At this, my parents became a bit more surprised, but my mother looked at me with a coy smile that suggested she was onto something and kneeled in front of Tess.
"I see. Well aren’t you the prettiest girl I’ve ever seen. Please take good care of my son. As you may know, he’s the type to get into trouble a lot, so it’ll really help me if I know he has someone like you next to him, now and in the future." My mother shot her a wink as she stroked Tess’ hair.
I wasn’t really sure what Tess really heard but she was definitely overthinking everything. Eyes widening as her already red face turned a shade brighter, she responded in a voice that was an octave higher than usual. "Y-YESS!!!" she beamed while nodding vigorously.
My father was still clueless as to what was going on but I could only internally groan. Leave it to my mother to instill misleading thoughts like this in a thirteen-year-old girl.
After getting back up, both my mother and Merial broke out into a fit of giggles while my sister began pouting, presumably because our mother said that Tess was the prettiest girl she’d ever seen.
"How are you feeling, brat?" Virion took a seat on the edge of the bed as he gave a pat to Sylvie who went back to sleep. Tess, regaining her senses, walked up to me too with a worried expression.
"Heh...I can beat you in a fight right now, Gramps." I tried to hold in the coughs that were about to come out but I couldn’t.
"I’m so sorry, Art. If it wasn’t for me, you wouldn’t have been..." I stopped her mid-sentence and poked her gently between her eyebrows with my finger.
"Don’t furrow your brows, Tess. Your face will turn ugly." As the strength in my arm gave out, I slumped back down and took a deep breath.
"Gramps, did you take a look at Tess’ mana core? How’s everything looking?" I couldn’t help but be worried since I knew exactly what she was going through.
He gave me a soft smile. "Luckily, her body seems to be a lot more compatible with the beast core than your body was when you first integrated. By the way... How the hell did you manage to pick up an elderwood guardian’s beast core?" He leaned in forward and spoke in a hushed voice.
"By killing one, of course." I gave him a weak smirk.
"You’re joking...no...you’re joking, right? You’re telling me that you killed an S class mana beast?" Grampa’s usually stern face was round in astonishment as he got even closer, our faces almost touching.
"You’re too close, Gramps. I can smell what you had for your last meal...wait. How long have I been out for?" I couldn’t get a grasp on how much time had passed.
"From what Cynthia told me, it’s been a bit more than a day since you passed out. You missed your second day of class." He let out a sigh.

"Oh no... I guess I can forget about shooting for perfect attendance..." I gave a weak elbow to his arm, making him chuckle.
Tessia giggled as well as she took a seat on the bed too.
"I’m telling you! I’m Arthur Leywin’s best friend! We’re like brothers! If I can’t visit him, then who can? I’m telling you, it’s true!!" I heard a familiar voice echo in the distance and I couldn’t help but chortle at my friend.
Director Goodsky, hearing this as well, signaled to the security to let him through.
"ARTHUR! You okay, man?" He rushed towards me, totally oblivious to the other people in the room.
"You’re late. And you didn’t even bring any food with you?" Letting out an exaggerated sigh, I just slightly shook my head.
"Haaa... I guess you’re fine if you can talk like that." Elijah let out a sigh as relief washed over his face.
I started smiling as his head came back up and recognized who the other people in the room were. My friend’s face contorted from relief to terror as he realized that, besides my family, the Director of the academy and the whole Royal Family of the Kingdom of Elenoir were also in the room.
"Uhh...oh my..." His slack jaw failed to form words.
"Pfft, Hahaha...oww...haha!" My stomach felt like it was being wrangled as I couldn’t stop laughing.
"Gramps, Mr. and Mrs. Eralith, I’d like you to meet my closest friend, Elijah."
"P-Pleased to meet you! Sorry for being so rude just now!" Elijah immediately bowed, almost dropping his glasses.
After everyone got acquainted with each other, my parents continued to chat with Tess’ parents at the other side of the room. Gramps finally left me alone and started catching up with Director Goodsky after wringing me of all the details and telling me to make time for him once I’m better to further discuss everything else.
"Brother. Who’s prettier, me or her?" Ellie pointed at Tess and gave me a serious look.
"You guys are both pretty ugly to me." I just shrugged helplessly but I regretted it as soon as the words left my mouth.
"OWW! That seriously hurts right now!" I groaned as the both of them pinched and twisted the skin on my arm.
"Tess, like I said, Elijah is a close friend of mine. You guys should get along." I said through gritted teeth, my arm still throbbing, moreso from the state of my body than the power of my sister and Tess’ pinches.
"Sorry, I never formally introduced myself to you. I’m Tessia Eralith, Arthur’s closest friend." She stuck out her hand and as Elijah accepted her handshake, he responded, "I’m Elijah, Arthur’s best friend. Nice to meet you." Sparks flew between them as they glared at each other in competition.
I just rolled my eyes as my sister giggled. I was getting tired from being awake for even this long, my eyelids beginning to weigh down heavily.
Director Goodsky, noticing this, announced to everyone, "Now! I think we should give Arthur some more time to rest. His life isn’t in danger but he should be very tired right now."
"Son, come visit home after you’re all healed up, okay?" My father grasped my hand and gave it a gentle squeeze before herding my family out.
"Get plenty of rest. Okay, dear?" my mother said as she headed out. Tess’ parents said their brief goodbyes while patting me softly on the arm before following out after my parents.
"We’ll catch up soon, brat." Virion ruffled my hair, making me wince, and towed Tess and Elijah out with him.
"Haa..." I looked at Sylvie, who was still fast asleep.
As I was about to close my eyes, the door squeaked open once more.
"Did you leave something, Tess?" Spotting from the corner of my eyes, I didn’t bother turning my head.
"Hey Arthur..." She arrived next to me and glanced back at the door.
"Hmm?"
"You said you couldn’t really move your body, right?" I could see in my peripheral view that she was fidgeting a little.
"I can probably only turn my head and lift my arm for a little bit, why?" As I turned my head towards her, my eyes widen in surprise as I realized that Tess’ face was just inches away from mine. Her eyes gazed at me with an expression I’d never seen in her ever and before long, I felt her lips as she closed her eyes.
The soft, warm sensation of her lips on top of mine caught me by surprise but my body didn’t let me react. Instead, I spotted a small mole in the outer corner of her left eye that I’d never noticed before.
As she pulled away, her eyes locked onto mine. Then she quickly turned her head and ran out of the room, leaving me more dazed than when I had first woken up.





TESSIA ERALITH’S POV:
I kissed him... I k-kissed him!
As I ran out of the room, I could feel the temperature in my face rising rapidly. That was my first k-kiss! I wonder if he liked it? Did I do it right? My face didn’t look weird as I kissed him r-right?
I stopped in the hall and looked at my reflection in the window. I stood right in front of it and pretended to kiss Art again to see how I’d looked.
"EEK! NOOO!!" Banging my head on the window in embarrassment, I could only groan at the thought of how weird I must’ve looked to him. As I looked outside through the window with my forehead still glued against it, I touched my lips with my fingers.
His lips sure were soft. They were a bit chapped since he was so hurt but it felt nice.
"Hehe..."
I noticed that my face in the reflection showed a perverted grin.
Oh God, I’m turning into a pervert. I wonder if I came on too strong? What if he didn’t like it? What if he thinks I’m some sort of pervert now?
"UGHHH!" I slumped down to my knees as my forehead slid down the window.
Wait. How was I supposed to face him now? Things were just getting better too! Did I just ruin everything? What if he ignored me now, when he saw me?
A throbbing ache thumped in my chest as tears started welling up in the corners of my eyes. I wouldn’t be able to bear it if Art ignored me like that.
Should I go back to his room and pretend it was all a joke? I imagined myself bursting in the room, laughing and pointing at him. "Got you! Hahaha! You really fell for it!"
Am I stupid? I groaned again at the stupidity of it all.
No! You did the right thing, Tess! Things would never progress if I left it up to Art! He still treats me like a child every time we’re together. It was for the best!

"Yeah!" I fist pumped the air to encourage myself but I still let out a big sigh at the thought of him not liking me.
"Tch!" Who cares?! If that stupid Art chooses to ignore me, I can just find someone better than him! He wasn’t that great anyway! He’s just a teeny bit better-looking than average. He’s only slightly better than mediocre in magic, right?
Sigh. Who was I kidding? I couldn’t imagine myself with anyone else but Arthur. Sure, over the years, there were nobles that tried to impress me and tried to get close but they didn’t come close to Arthur.
That stupid Art! He’s such a player! "’Don’t furrow your brows, Tess. Your face will turn ugly,’
" I said in a mocking tone, imitating him.
Tch! Making my heart skip a beat for no reason! That stupid player!
"GAH! Who cares if he doesn’t like you, Tess! It’s his loss! What don’t you have? You’re a talented mage! You’re also pretty smart and popular too, right? Not to sound conceited but you’re not a bad-looking girl either, right? Arthur is the one that’s missing out if he doesn’t snatch you up!" I pointed at my reflection as if she’s a different person.
I wondered what kind of excuses I could make to talk to Arthur. There were plenty of excuses! His Mother personally asked me to watch over him, yeah! A-And also, the beast core assimilation! I could just ask him to help me with it since he was the one that gave me the beast core! It was only right that he took the responsibility, right?
Sigh...
I took one last look back at where Arthur’s room was before I slumped back to my dorm.
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
I k-kissed Tess...
I kissed Tessia Eralith, a thirteen-year-old girl. Wasn’t this a crime? Was I a criminal? No, I had to calm down. I was in the body of a twelve-year-old boy. Why did I feel so guilty then? I shouldn’t, right?
She was the one that kissed me after all! I was the victim here! Making a move on me while I was in this vulnerable state...he sure was smart, that Tess. As I stared blankly at the door she’d left through, my shaking hand finally reached my lips and I just lay there, dumbfounded, touching my mouth as my mind couldn’t help but recall the soft, moist touch of her lips.
This was wrong. Yes, I was technically only twelve years old, but with the mental age from my previous life and this life combined, I was almost 50! Even assuming that I had kids late, Tess would still be around the age of a daughter if I’d had one.

Goddammit! All of this was because of this accursed body! These raging hormones in my body right now! The reason I was feeling so guilty was because I actually enjoyed it. It felt nice when Tess kissed me. It shouldn’t feel nice and I shouldn’t enjoy a kiss from a little girl, but I did.
I groaned, half from pain and the other half from thinking about what was going to happen between Tess and I. Knowing her, she was probably over-thinking a lot of things right now and she was going to be really uncomfortable around me.
I almost laughed at the thought of what people might think of Tess when she was with me. If someone didn’t know any better, they might even assume that she hated me since she was the type to act cold when she didn’t know what to do.
Something told me that if I didn’t clear things up with her, there would only be more misunderstandings.
How should I clear things up though? It’s not like she confessed or anything. Should we date? No, no, no. Did kids our age even know what dating was?
I looked back and thought of the time when I was twelve in my past life. When I was twelve, my life was filled with only training. Being raised in an orphanage and getting sent to an institute solely dedicated to raising duelists, I couldn’t say that I really had any experience dating.
We were too young anyhow, right? I was technically only twelve in this body! Was this body even capable of reproducing yet? Oh God, now you’re overthinking this, Arthur.
Haa... it wasn’t like I hated Tess. I was actually quite fond of her. She was still immature in some senses, but I shouldn’t let that be an excuse right?
"What do you think, Sylv?" I poked my sleeping bond as her body slowly heaved up and down with her breaths. I was surprised she hadn’t woken up when Tess kissed me.
As I played with my bond’s ears and paws, my breaths began to synchronize with hers, and I soon fell asleep.
_________________________________________
Over the past couple of days, quite a few people came to visit me while my body was recovering. Curtis came by and asked if I was okay. I only shot him a grin and said that his move was pretty damn strong, making him laugh. Claire Bladeheart also stopped by to check on me and kept me up-to-date committee meetings so I wouldn’t be totally lost when I went back.
To my surprise, Kathyln came by herself instead of with her brother. She asked if I was okay and I swore, she had a worried expression on her face. I was more surprised by that than anything else. I could tell everyone had a lot of questions. Curtis looked like he wanted to ask me something a few times but he held back because of my condition. Even Professor Glory came to visit, with basket of fruits in hand.
"I’ll tell you now, Lucas has been pretty heated up in class. I can’t blame him, though. To him, it must’ve felt like he was beating you in every sense, but you suddenly disappeared and appeared a few hundred meters away instantly." She paused before continuing. "H-How did you do it anyways? I’ve never seen anything like that. You should know that even Director Goodsky isn’t capable of what you just did. Instant teleportation was always thought of to be a myth. Yet, here you are, a twelve-year-old..."
By this time, I was able to sit up without it hurting that much, so I lifted myself up just enough to be at eye-level with the seated Professor Glory.

"Growth isn’t stopped by a lack of talent or a series of unfortunate luck. Growth is stopped once the person limits his own ability to grow. With that said, I believe everyone has a secret or two they wish to keep to themselves." I sunk back down in my bed, leaving Professor Glory confused and without a means to respond.
Director Goodsky visited once. I asked what was happening to the class I was supposed to be teaching and they said that, for now, Professor Glory volunteered to take on the extra class as a substitute until I was better. She didn’t stay for long and came mainly to update me on how Tess was doing.
"As her assimilation continues, she’s becoming more and more stable. These past couple of days, she has only had one more fit," she stated.
"Thanks for taking care of her, Director." I gave her a smile.
"Don’t thank me, Arthur. She is my precious disciple, after all. Ahh, that reminds me. I will be out of the academy for a couple days on some business. Since Virion has gone back, I need you to help Tessia with her assimilation until I am back. Can you do that for me?" she said, not waiting for an answer before leaving through the door, as if the question was a mere formality.
"Uh, yeah. S-Sure, I can do that." I shook my head helplessly at this. I wasn’t sure if Director Goodsky really has errands to run but she was definitely giving me an excuse to meet Tess.
My body’s recovery rate was a lot faster thanks to the assimilation of Sylvia’s Dragon Will into my muscles and bones. I also spent this time while recovering to meditate and develop my mana core. I was at the threshold of breaking out of the dark yellow stage but it would take a bit more time until I could reach solid yellow. I would still feel a bit weak, but thankfully I planned on leaving the infirmary and resuming normal school life starting tomorrow. My body felt stiff from being in bed for so long.
Hearing a strong knock on the door, I called, "Come in." I turned my head as Sylvie hopped off the bed and padded towards the door.
"I came to visit you!" My father had a wide grin on his face as soon as he noticed how much better I looked than before.
"Hey, Dad." I smiled back as Sylvie ’kyus’ in greeting before hopping back up next to me.
Taking a seat, my father caught me up on everything going on at home. We talked for quite a bit of time and I realized how comfortable it was to talk to my father. Family sure was different than anyone else. The fact that he didn’t have any ulterior motives, no plan, no secrets, was comforting. He just wanted what was best for me.
After a brief period of silence, I asked him something that had been bothering me. "Hey, Dad. How come Mom never really uses her magic? I mean, she healed small wounds for me when I was little and stuff, but that was about it. I remember you telling me how great of an emitter she was."
Looking at my father, I was surprised that his usual bright face turned a little sullen.
"Your mother...she carries a lot of weight in her heart." Letting out a deep sigh, he continued.
"I know you’re mature enough to know this but I want you to be patient. She’ll tell you when she feels ready, so I want you to wait for her to tell you directly." He ruffled before we changed topics.
"How’s everyone doing at home anyway?" It hadn’t been that long but it still felt like it’d been awhile since I’d spent some time with my family.
"Oh, you know, your mother is busy mingling with her friends. Your sister, though, she’s becoming quite a handful." He chuckles to himself.
"Maybe we had it too easy raising you, but I sometimes just don’t know what to do with Ellie." Scratching his head, I notice some wrinkles that hadn’t been there before.
"Just give her some space. She’ll come around." Patting my father’s arm weakly, I repositioned myself as I felt my body cramping up.
"I should let you rest, Son." He pinched my nose softly and quietly left through the door, leaving me wondering what could possibly have happened with Mother that she became too traumatized to use her powers.
"Kyu?" Sylvie asked me what I was thinking of and I just shook my head. "It’s nothing, Sylv. I hope."





"Easy... take it slow. There you go." Elijah supported me back up. It’d been exactly one week since I had gotten injured and also since the last time I’d walked. Even with mana circulating throughout my body, strengthening my limbs, I still felt rather sluggish.
"Kyu..." Sylvie looked at me with as close of a concerned face she could have for a fox-like mana beast. She was walking beside me instead of curling up on top of my head, afraid that I wouldn’t be able to hold her up.
Elijah came over to my hospital room as soon as his first period was over. I would be starting off my day as a professor for the Practical Mana Manipulation class and I wasn’t so eager in my current state. With my legs giving out every couple of steps and my back and sides burning, I barely had the strength to get to the class, let alone teach it.
After slowly getting used to walking, I stopped leaning on Elijah for support and used Dawn’s Ballad as my walking stick. I couldn’t help but chuckle because of the ill-humored irony. I remember how I had thought that this sword was nothing more than a walking stick when in fact, it was a priceless sword. I shook my head at the fact that my assumption back then had actually been a foreshadowing of my current situation.
Elijah wrapped the handle and sheath in a white bandage both for comfort and for safety from suspicious eyes. Here I was, a twelve-year-old, already using a cane to support myself from falling.
"Are you going to be okay by yourself? Maybe I should at least help you out in between classes today?" Elijah’s face wrinkled in concern as he stuck close by me, ready to catch me if I stumbled.
"I’ll be okay." I didn’t have the confidence to say that I wouldn’t fall, but I didn’t want to keep Elijah constantly by my side.
As we arrived in front of the classroom, Elijah’s brows were still furrowed underneath his glasses, and I knew he was hesitant to let me go by myself.
"Arthur. Let me help you."
I turned my head around to see Princess Kathyln run toward me, away from her group of friends. Without giving me a chance to respond, she placed her arm around my waist as she dipped underneath my free hand so I wouldn’t just be using on my walking st—sword, as support.
"Uhh... okay. Thank you." I shrugged at Elijah, who stood with jaws agape. He held up two fingers as he mouthed the word ’princesses’ but I just shook my head and turned back to make my way inside my room.
"I heard our new professor is finally coming today!"
"Oh really? I liked Professor Glory, though."
"Anyone should be better than Professor Geist, right?"
"You never know, we might get an even more dangerous weirdo this time."
"Hey, isn’t that the disciplinary committee officer that beat Geist?"
"Why is he limping?"
The various discussions the students were having all changed to murmurs about me as soon as I walked in.
"I’ll be fine now, Princess Kathyln. Thank you." I eased my arm off of her shoulders.
"You need help up the stairs..." Her expressionless face didn’t match the concern in her voice. I just shook my head and motioned for her to go first.

Sylvie followed close behind as I walked to the middle of the room, taking small hops towards the moveable podium that was placed in the center of the small stadium.
"Whew..." I let out a deep breath in relief as I put all of my weight on the podium that stood a bit too tall for my height.
Looking up, I spotted Feyrith in one of the desks with a curious expression on his face. As soon as Kathyln reached her desk, I spotted her looking back, trying to find me. She also gave me a confused look when she realized that I’d never gone up the stairs behind her and instead, moved to the middle of the room.
By this time, the conversations amongst the classmates centered around me diminished as more and more of the young mages began wondering what I was doing leaning against the professor’s podium.
"I’m not sure how many of you know my name, but I believe that most of you at least know who I am. My name is Arthur Leywin, a disciplinary committee member, the only son of two wonderful mages, a doting brother, and your new professor. Let’s get along."
I counted down in my head, predicting when the class would erupt. Almost exactly in sync, the entitled students that filled the classroom stood up in disbelief and some in anger as they shouted to stop kidding around and get back to my seat.
"You expect us to believe that a brat like you is our new professor?" one of the second-years exclaimed.
"Stop messing around and get back up here! Who do you think you are?" one short first-year barked.
I let out a pained breath as I relished the thought of being able to teach this class while lying down.
This would be a lot easier if Professor Glory or Director Goodsky let the class know that I would be teaching beforehand. She should have at least given me an official document to prove that I was the new professor, but knowing her, I couldn’t help but wonder if Director Goodsky did this on purpose.
It, at least, seemed like something she would do.
"Mmm... would you guys believe me if I said that Director Goodsky appointed me to be the professor for this class for the remainder of the semester?"
"Get real!"
"Stop joking!"
"Shut up!"
Another round of protests resounded within the room as the students grew rowdier.
Looking to my fellow committee members, I could see Feyrith’s sharp face, filled with a mixture of incredulity and doubt, while Kathlyn wore a perplexed expression.
"Don’t get so cocky just because you beat the old professor! Do you think you could’ve won if Princess Kathyln and Feyrith didn’t tire him out?" a different second-year jumped down and landed on the stage with a loud thud.
The student had a pretty big build, and judging from the poor circulation of mana in his body, he was probably at the level of being able to augment only some of his body.
He took long strides towards me, preparing to carry me off the stage. Feyrith stood up, ready to jump on the stage as well to stop the big guy but I just shook my head at him.

Misunderstanding my gesture as a taunt, he roared, "You shaking your head at me now? Who do you think you are?"
Half of the students were a bit nervous, not wanting to get caught up in another drama during class, while the other half was cheering Mr. Brute on.
Shifting my gaze back down at the boy approaching me, I uttered a single word.
"Sit."
Suddenly bombarded with a large influx of mana, the large student crumpled to his bottom with enough force to slightly shake the stage we were on.
The room grew deathly quiet as I hobbled over to the confused and embarrassed student sitting upright on his behind. Standing over him, I remained silent, giving him a moment to let it sink in to the oaf what sort of position he was in.
"Director Goodsky didn’t bother giving me any official documents proving my claim, but like it or not, I will be teaching this class."
I stepped over the student and made my way to the other side of the silent room.
"If any of you has a problem with this, you can take it up with this cute little fox here, though I guarantee that she will easily wipe the floor with any of you." I scooped up Sylvie below her armpits and show the entire class.
The students looked at one another, unsure of what to do, so I continued speaking. "For those who want to leave, I won’t stop you—in fact, I’ll even allow you to be put into another class of your choice. However, if any of you here are even a tiny bit curious as to what this little boy here with a limp can teach you, feel free to stay." I pointed at the door and waited a few seconds, but whether it was because of my little demonstration with the second-year or because they were afraid, none of the students actually left.
"Now... If you’ll please go back to your seat, student, I’ll begin my lesson." I peered at the second-year that had jumped down to eagerly show off his limited ability.
His face turning beet red, the student quickly got up and scrambled back up to his seat. As he did so, I took my time slowly limping back to the center of the stage and leaned on the podium that Sylvie had jumped up on.
"Since this is a Practical Mana Manipulation class, I’ll ask a practical question. What is the best way to utilize mana in the surrounding atmosphere?" I scanned through the seats filled with students when almost instantly, a beak-nosed human student with a ponytail shot her hand up.
"Mana is best utilized by absorbing the mana naturally formed in the atmosphere into the mana core where it can be condensed and purified for use when spells or techniques are cast." She gave me a smug look, obviously proud of her answer.
"Good. Now, as you all know, the difference between augmenters and conjurers lie in the fact that augmenters mostly use the mana in their cores via their mana channels while conjurers directly absorb mana from the surrounding atmosphere via their mana veins. So... why do both types of mages have to meditate and absorb mana if only the augmenters actually utilize the mana they absorb into their core?" I quizzed, not looking at anyone in particular.
"..." The same girl’s confident hand shrank down as she pondered over the answer.
"While augmenters incorporate mana into physical attacks, thus reducing the amount of mana used, conjurers manipulate the space that the spell is casted in directly, consuming more mana. Because of that, conjurers use the purified mana in their mana core as a reserve to avoid backlash," Kathyln answered, her face relaxed as she remained seated.
"Correct. Then the last question of the day: is the color of a conjurer’s or even an augmenter’s mana core a truly accurate way of measuring the level of the mage’s power?" I leaned forward, shifting my weight from my left leg to my right.
I hold in my chuckle as Kathlyn’s usually composed face scrunched in deep thought. "That’ll be your homework for today. Everyone, come down to the stage and line up! I want the conjurers to my left and augmenters to my right."
After a few grumbles of complaints, eventually everyone made their way to one side of the stadium, all lined up side by side, facing me.

"For this exercise, I want everyone to initiate the most basic spell of your affinity. Conjurers, no wand," I stated.
For augmenters, the most basic spells taught all came in a very similar form. For fire affinity augmenters, it would be Fire Fist, which was igniting a small ember covering their fist. For wind, it would be Whirlwind Fist. For water, it would be Aqua Fist, and for earth, Boulder Fist. After mages were able to manifest their elements, the augmenters’ first step was learning to integrate their element into their hands, the limbs they were most accustomed to using.
The fact that these royal mages were even allowed to attend this school was because, thanks to their lineage, they had high talent and usually had the ability to manifest their elements early on. It took my father more than twenty years in order for him to manifest an actual flame, but these twelve to fourteen-year-olds were already capable of this. That was the difference in genes, something that even I found to be undeniable.
As for the conjurers, the most basic spell involved gathering a specific elemental mana into a sphere and shooting it. For fire specialists, that would be in the form of the spell, Fireball. For wind, it would be Wind Bullet. For water, Water Bullet, and for earth, Stone Bullet.
Conjurers had it easier since they didn’t have to directly form the element in their bodies, but absorb the specific mana particles around them and use that to invoke the spell. Why conjurers had specializations in different elements had to do with how well they were able to sense the specific elemental mana particles around them and utilize it.
I leaned my head on my palms as I watched both types of mages prepare their spell.
The augmenters in the class all began concentrating with their dominant hands clenched into fists. A few long seconds later, their spells became visible as their respective elements enveloped their fists. The time it took for the augmenters varied but not by much.
The conjurers in the class all began softly chanting as the space in front of their palms began glowing different colors, depending on their elemental affinities. Unsurprisingly, the time it took Feyrith and Kathyln to form the spell in front of their hands was much faster than everyone else.
The only difference between the augmenters and conjurers in their spells was that the augmenters’ elements surrounded their fists while the conjurers’ elements gathered in front of their palms.
"Now, augmenters, I want you to try and launch your spell in front of you. Conjurers, I want you to try and absorb the spell you conjured into your hand." I gave them an innocent smile as they stared at me blankly.
After a few seconds, they realized I wasn’t joking so, one by one, they began their attempts at a concept very foreign to their nature.
I watched as the augmenters all failed in their attempts. Some roared as they flailed their arms while others tried to chant to no avail. It got to the point where it became almost comical as one student thought roaring out ’fire’ would do the trick.
The conjurers weren’t any better as all of them ended up getting cut, burned, wet or bruised. After about ten minutes of struggling, most gave up and looked at me accusingly; even Feyrith and Kathyln had expressions of doubt.
"This is stupid. We all know that only high level augmenters can cast long distance spells!" one of the augmenter students cried.
"Yeah! And what’s the point in absorbing back a spell we prepared and conjured anyway?" an elven student whined as she cradled her hand.
Leaving Sylvie on top of the podium, I hobbled to the opposite side of the stage, away from the students.
Taking a brief moment to concentrate, I aimed at an open space between the conjurers and augmenters.
A gust of wind formed around my hand before shooting out past the students. By the time it reached the metal wall behind them, the bullet of air dissipated harmlessly.
One of the students retorted, "Big deal, but most augmenters can do that once they reach orange stage."
"True, it’s not hard to do that, but—" I raised my other arm and shot a stream of compressed air directly out of my palm. The attack whistled as it hit the wall behind the students once more, but this time, the wall caved in at the pressure, forming a small crater. "—have you seen any augmenters do that at the orange stage?"
The students, startled by the impact of the supposedly same spell, whipped their heads back and forth between me and the wall.
"I can’t accurately demonstrate what would happen when conjurers are able to absorb the spells that they invoke, but trust me, it’ll only help you."
I staggered back to the podium and grabbed my bond. "That’s it for today. Try and come up with the answer to the question and practice what I just told you to do. See you tomorrow."
I gave them one last wave as I left the room. Once outside, I could hear the students inside erupt in excitement.
"How’d I do, Sylv?" I asked, letting go of my bond.
’Not bad. But I could do better,’ she replied brightly, walking by my side.





I took a deep breath as I sat outside on a nearby bench. Realizing that I ended class a bit too early, I noticed the campus was fairly peaceful with most students still in their classrooms. It’d been awhile since I’d felt this weak, but getting up and walking around definitely helped.
I sat idly, watching Sylvie chase after a butterfly through the lawn in front of me when I heard footsteps approaching from the right.
"Is this seat taken?" I turned my head to see Princess Kathyln leaning forward so her face was level with mine.
"No, go ahead." I said as I slowly scooched a bit to my left to make room for her. She carefully placed her handkerchief over the bench and took a seat on top of it, straightening out her rumpled skirt. We sat there, silently, as both of us just watched Sylvie finally capture the agile butterfly that was now struggling in her paws.
"I heard about what happened from my brother... I’m sorry." Her voice grew quiet at the end of her sentence.
I kept my eyes focused on Sylvie but responded with a soft chuckle. "Why are you saying sorry as well? Even if it was your brother’s fault, which it isn’t, he already apologized."
"It’s just... I feel like my family owes you many apologies. For what happened with Sebastian and my father as well. That time at the Auction House... he’s not usually like that but he was shocked as well at the turn of events and he needed to keep his image and..." For the first time, I witnessed Kathyln getting flustered as her usual composed face became flushed, her expression panicked as she tried to make me understand.
"I think this is the first time I’ve seen an actual difference in your expression, Princess. It’s a nice change." I snickered as she blushed even brighter, turning her body away from me.
"...Please, don’t mock me, Arthur. I didn’t expect you to be this type of person," she said with her head still turned.
"Oh? What kind of person did you expect me to be?" I tilted my head in curiosity.
"W-Well, when I first met you at the auction event, I noticed you held yourself with much maturity..." she murmured, not turning back around.
"You noticed how people hold themselves when you were barely eight years old?" Reading the posture of a person was something keen adults barely learned how to do later on with years of meeting many different kinds of people.
"Yes... being the only princess of a kingdom, you end up acquiring that skill fairly quickly. Also, with both my father and brother being quite the characters, I felt like my mother and I were the only normal ones at times." By this time, Princess Kathyln turned back to face me.
"Oh? I didn’t really find anything unusual about your brother. He seemed quite charismatic." I remembered meeting Curtis for the first time at the Auction House. Compared to then, he’d matured quite a bit.
"Yes, he’s gotten a lot better, seeing as he’s able to apologize to you. That would’ve been very hard for him a while back because of his pride." She let out a sigh as the both of us spectated Sylvie’s little battle with another bug. "When I first saw you, I noticed right away that you were very different from everyone else. How should I say this? I was very intrigued by you..." Her head lowered a bit as she continued speaking.
"Haha... is that right? I thought the opposite since your face had no reaction or change the whole time." I let out a soft laugh in reminiscence, remembering the event that happened four years prior.
"I apologize. I-I’m not the most proficient in using my facial muscles effectively." I found it cute as she pushed her cheeks up and down with her fingers in an attempt to forcefully make different expressions.
"Tell me about it. I was beginning to think you were wearing a mask by how stiff your face was." I felt her gaze on my face when I smiled, making me feel a little awkward.
"...I will practice." Princess Kathyln suddenly nodded to herself as I noticed her expression looked slightly more determined than usual.
"Pfft! I’m not sure if this is something you can practice. Just don’t force your emotions down and let your face move the way it wants to according to how you feel. When you feel sad, your face will naturally want to frown. When you’re happy, your face will naturally want to smile. Like this!" I overexaggerated the expressions on my face as I switch from an ugly frown to a bright smile, causing her to suddenly turn away from me.
Oops. Did I overdo it?
KATHYLN GLAYDER’S POV:
I couldn’t show any weakness. As the only girl in the royal family besides my mother, I had a duty to uphold. When males came to visit me, hoping to gain my favor, I wouldn’t show any weakness they could use against me. That was my fight.
I couldn’t read minds, but it wasn’t hard to see that all of the males that came to me, both my age and ones a lot older, had ulterior motives. Royal lineage, superior ability, and physical appearance... the things that all people believed would make their lives easier were shackles that robbed me of the freedom I wished to have.
Yet, here I was, with a boy my age that was so much more talented and sought after, yet still so... bright. He shined with a brilliance that made me want to be like him. What made him so different from me? How was he still able to express his emotions freely without being afraid of how others would view him?
I couldn’t control myself from letting out a laugh as Arthur contorted his face like that. He looked so silly.
I immediately covered my mouth after giggling, trying to hide my smile.

"See! That wasn’t so hard!" His exaggerated smile turned gentle, comforting me.
"I should teach stuff like this instead of Mana Manipulation, right?" He let out a pained laugh as he leaned down to pet his bond that was sitting between his legs.
"That reminds me. The wind bullet spell that you used to demonstrate seemed almost like a conjurer’s spell compared to the second one you used. How exactly did you do it? I am also curious as to why you made the conjurers try and absorb the spell back into their bodies. I have never heard of conjurers doing that." I went on like an excited child about the questions that filled my mind, making me embarrassed.
"Whoa! Is that why you came up to me? Is this what you were after?" He leaned away from me, shocked.
"N-No! Of course not! That was never my intention!" Oh no! I wasn’t like the men that came after me with some motive. I just saw him sitting there and wanted to... why did I ask to sit next to him?
I realized my hand was slightly touching his arm so I pulled it back quickly.
"Heh, I was obviously joking, Princess. I’m not sure if I should tell you though. It wouldn’t be very fair of me to give you the advantage like that, right?" He gave me a little wink that made my chest feel heavy all of a sudden. What was that?
"I-I guess you are right. It would be unfair to give me answers to the homework you assigned," I responded quietly.
"Mmm... well, I guess I can give a little pointer for a fellow disciplinary committee member. Watch now." I look up to see him concentrate as he lifted both his hands, palms up.
His left hand began to glow as soft winds swirled, surrounding his hand. As for his right hand, only a small portion in the center of his palm glowed. The wind that gathered towards this hand didn’t surround his entire hand, but instead, swirled into a sphere just above his palm. With a brief flick of his wrists, he shot out the small gusts of wind in both hands forward.
The wind that surrounded his left hand dissipated after a few meters but the spherical wind that he conjured with his right hand shot out several times farther before dissipating with a soft ’pa’!
"There is your hint for the augmenter’s homework. As for what I assigned the conjurers, think backwards." He got up as I contemplated what he’d just done.
"I should get going now. Let me know if you need more lessons on facial expressions." He gave me an exaggerated scowl, then a perverted smile, making me almost laugh again.
"Aww... you didn’t laugh this time. Too bad." He slowly walked off with his bond scampering next to him. I couldn’t help but feel a bit empty as I sat alone on the bench that now seemed too big for just me to sit on.
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
"Psst. I heard you got hurt on the first day of class. Are you okay?" Emily’s thick glasses shifted down as she leaned forward next to me, whispering in the middle of class. We were learning about the basic components that made up different types of artifacts.
All of a sudden, a piece of chalk flew straight at Emily, disappearing somewhere into her curly hair.
Gideon gave a light cough, his hand still stretched out after throwing the chalk at her. "Miss Watsken, please enlighten the class on the various components in a basic light-producing artifact."
"The basic light-producing artifact is made up of the basic foundation crystal, Florenite, found abundantly near the outskirts of Sapin and also in the Kingdom of Darv. After Florenite is refined, it will constantly let out a dim light so in order to control the output of the ore..."
"Ok ok, that’s enough. Sheesh, I just asked for the material." Gideon grumbled something under his breath as he cut Emily mid-explanation.
Giving a light shrug, she took out some paper to write on while she made futile attempts to scavenge the piece of chalk buried somewhere deep in her hair.
We exchanged notes for a bit, writing to each other about what happened. I tried skimming over the details but that didn’t really seem to work with her.
Eventually, because of the lack of details from my side, she wasn’t really able to piece anything together, leaving her frustrated and curious.
"Something seems off..." She eyed me as we left class after packing up our things. For homework, we were already assigned some sort of mini project where we had to assemble a light-producing artifact, or LPA for short.
"You’re overthinking things, Emily. I’m more worried about the project that Gideon already assigned us. I’m so lost after missing the first week." This was actually true. My critical thinking abilities and vague knowledge of technology from my past allowed me to make connections and understand more than most first years, but everyone was grumbling about how this class was one of their hardest. Leave it to that eccentric Gideon to teach a basic class as if it were several levels higher.
"Meh, I already have a couple LPAs I made lying around in my dorm anyway. Might as well put them to use." She adjusted her oversized backpack and we headed over to grab lunch.
"Wow... you could probably ace this class in your sleep." I shook my head as I picked up a tray and grabbed some food.
"Kyu!" ’Get more meat, Papa!’ Sylvie hopped on top of my head in protest when I picked up some vegetables.

"Ok ok." I went back and picked up a few more pieces of meat when Emily looked at me with a weird expression on her face.
"Can you understand what your bond is saying?" She lifted her glasses up in place as she looked up at Sylvie.
"Can’t all bonds?" I asked.
"No, not at all, actually. They can understand their emotions to a certain extent but not... verbal cues." Her eyes squinted as she took a closer look at Sylvie.
Pushing her head back with my finger on her forehead, I responded, "That’s what I meant. I only felt my bond complaining and I just inferred that it was because I picked up vegetables. You’re overthinking things again, Emily."
"Yeah, I guess you’re right. She’s cute though." She just shrugged and picked up more food for herself.
"Ah! There you are, Art! Director Goodsky wants...Oh, hello." Elijah stopped in his tracks as he realized I was with a friend.
"Hey, Elijah. This is Emily. Emily, Elijah." I said with my mouth half full with a piece of stewed beef.
"Nice to meet you! Emily smiled and stuck out the hand that wasn’t carrying her food tray.
"A pleasure to meet you," Elijah responded as he shook her hand, a look of curiosity on his face. "Anyways, Art. You need to...uh... head over to your training room. Director Goodsky, remember?" He gave me a look, signaling that it was urgent.
"Oh... wait, now?" I looked at my food.
"Yes. Now." He gently pushed me towards the door while I tried to scarf down as much food as I could. Sylvie swept a big portion of the meat with her tongue as we placed the tray next to the trash bin.
"You two get acquainted! I’ll be leaving first!" I waved at my friends as they waved back.
I remembered Director Goodsky telling me where my private training room would be while I was in the hospital room. Supposedly, the mana density was supposed to be a lot higher there, making it easier to train.
"I wonder what Director Goodsky wants. I should give her a mouthful about class today," I said to no one in particular as Sylvie and I made our way towards the room.
All of the rooms were underneath the library, where a staff member had to lead you. Usually, upperclassmen were allowed to borrow a room for a couple of hours to train but I was lucky to have a private one all to myself.
There were two entrances in the library building: one to the actual library, the other to a sort of waiting room for all of the training facilities. Opening the entrance to the waiting room, I walked slowly past some upperclassmen before arriving at the front desk. "Hi, my name is Arthur Leywin." I didn’t exactly know what Director Goodsky wanted so I hoped that the lady at the front desk would know what to do once I told her my name.
"Ah, yes! Today is your first time visiting the room, correct?" The lady had a very refined suit, reminding me of a concierge at some fancy hotel.
"Yes." I nodded in response as she bent down and opened a drawer.
"Please place both your palms on this stone. Make sure all of the tips of your fingers are flat." In both hands, she held out a flat tablet with various inscriptions etched onto it.
Doing as told, I felt a brief numbing sensation spread over my hands as she activated the tablet.
"Perfect! I’ll show you to your room. Please follow me." Leading me to a room in the back where a scarred man about two meters tall and holding a spear guarded the door, the front desk lady ushered me forward.
The room that the scarred man guarded was actually some sort of elevator put together by various gears, which I assumed were powered by either mana cores or some other mana-producing ore.
"Wow. This is my first time riding in something like this." I said in awe, reminiscing the last time I rode in an elevator.
"Fufu, yes. Not many of these exist yet. The genius artificer Gideon, who is currently a professor here, built this device. I’m sure you’ve heard of him?" She said, admiring the elevator herself.
"More than heard of him. He’s actually one of my professors. With the way he teaches his class, I wish he wasn’t such a genius." I gave her a wink, making her giggle.
"Here we are! Make sure to remember how to get to your room. Since I’ve registered you to your room, you are allowed to come in anytime you wish," she said while guiding me through the halls.

"That scary scarred man won’t stop me?" I asked, pointing up with my sheathed sword.
"Hoho, no. He won’t stop you. Ah! We’ve arrived." We reached the end of the hall where there was a large set of double doors without any handles.
"This door seems different from all of the other ones." I turned my head back to compare.
"Yes. Director Goodsky seems to place quite a bit of precedence in your training." She gave me a charming smile.
"Yet she doesn’t even bother to tell my class who their new professor is," I muttered under my breath.
"Excuse me?" The lady tilted her head in confusion.
"It’s nothing. So how do I open this?" I responded while Sylvie jumped off my head and excitedly hopped in place in front of the double doors.
"If you place either of your palms against the door, it will open automatically. If you need any further assistance, there is a communication device inside where you can contact me. If you are hungry, I can also send someone over to bring you some food." She bowed, waiting for me to open the door.
"Thank you. What was your name?" I turned my head, my hand raised, ready to open the door.
"Please call me Chloe. I wish you a fruitful training session." She said, her head still down.
"Got it. Thanks again, Chloe." I turned back and placed my right hand on the double doors. With a loud engine-like noise, the area where I placed my palm glowed as streams of light branched out. Eventually, the light dimmed and the door slid open to reveal a room very different from what I imagined.
I turned my head back but Chloe was already gone. Sylvie ran off before I could even take a step forward and as I looked inside the room, the sudden brightness compared to the dim hall made me squint. My vision soon adjusted and, as I lowered my hand, my eyes spotted a familiar figure, fidgeting in place as Sylvie scurried up her leg.
I didn’t know if it was from the sparkling brightness inside the room or the fact that this room looked more like a huge natural wonder rather than a training facility but my childhood friend looked stunning. Tess, who was cuddling her cheek against Sylvie on her shoulder, stood before me, wearing a very loose, white training robe.
"H-hi," Tess said with her head lowered and eyes looking up at me.
I stepped forward as the door closed behind me. The floor underneath me was grass, and there was a rather big pond with a waterfall as well. Huge boulders and trees surrounded us, making me feel as if this was a dream. Snapping out of my momentary daze, I scratched my head with the hand that wasn’t holding Dawn’s Ballad.
"Hey, Tess." I gave her an awkward smile.
"S-Should we get started?" Tess put Sylvie down on the ground before she shyly started removing her robe.
"W-Wait, what? Get started with what?" I almost tripped backwards as I saw her bare shoulders.
"The assimilation! Grandpa told me that it work better if you help me through bare skin!" Her face was bright red as I realized she had her breasts covered in some gauze.
Ah right... the assimilation...
Wait, what?
Freaking Gramps, what are you making your granddaughter do?!
"Gramps told you that? Y-You don’t need to take off your clothes for the assimilation, stupid! He was messing with you!" I covered my eyes with my hand.
Calm down, Arthur. She’s just a 13-year-old. Looking at her like this is a crime!
"S-Shut up! How was I supposed to—UGH..." Tess fell to her knees before she was able to lift her robe again.
I ran as fast as my injured body would let me as I put Dawn’s Ballad back into my dimension ring. Kneeling down next to her, I placed my palm on her warm, pale back. Her robe was down, revealing everything from the waist up with the exception of her breasts and a portion of her back, which were covered by the gauze. As I felt her body tremble in pain, I couldn’t help but notice how frail she looked. I guess it was because I knew how strong of a mage she was; I’d forgotten that she was still just a young girl—physically, at least.
Taking off the seal on my wrist, I willed mana into my childhood friend. Using all four elements, I controlled the mana to spread throughout her body, counteracting the mana coming from the Elderwood Guardian’s beast will. What Gramps did while I was assimilating was just easing my pain, but by using a balanced mixture of mana from all four elements, I was able to essentially help her body fight against the beast will.
I never tested this but it was based on the same principles I used to help awaken Lilia and my sister.
Her ragged breathing soon calmed down, her trembling gone as she began panting from the relief. As I gently lifted her robe over her frail body, I walked over to the pond and splashed my face with its cold water.
I needed to calm myself down.
After a few moments, I felt my heartbeat slowing down but reacted again when I heard Tess making her way to me, Sylvie trotting behind her.
Sitting down on her legs next to me, she stared at me, her flushed, tired face still sparkling, as if she wanted to say something. After a moment of hesitation, she spoke to me in a firm voice.
"Art, can we talk?"





"Art, can we talk?" As she resolved herself, the slight trembling in her voice disappeared.
"Sure. It seems that there’s a third party at work here trying to make us talk anyways." I sat back, leaning on my arms, my face dripping with the fresh water.
"About the k-kiss—are you mad?" Tess’s face was bright red, revealing how nervous she felt compared to her terse expression.
"I’m not mad. I was surprised, but I’m not mad." I would’ve be lying if I said I hadn’t noticed Tess showing feelings for me since all the way back when I lived with her in Elenoir.
There was brief silence where I could tell Tess was waiting for me to say something, except I didn’t know what to say at this moment.
If it was as simple as choosing between liking or disliking Tess, of course it leaned heavily toward the former, but this situation wasn’t as black and white as that. While I knew it wasn’t unnatural for children, especially of royalty, to get married at the age of thirteen or fourteen, there was another factor that came into play here: I could only see this girl in front of me as a child.
I held back the urge to let out a deep breath.
I began to question the use of being so experienced in fighting and politics when I didn’t even know where to start when it came to something as basic as love—or whatever this was.
"Arthur, what are you thinking about?" She leaned closer as her brows furrowed more deeply. The intensity in which she was staring at me made me uncomfortable but this issue wasn’t something I could keep pushing aside.
"Tess, we’ve known each other since we were four. The first time I saw you, you were getting kidnapped after you had a fight with your parents. The first thing you did when I saved you was cry your heart out. After we made our way back to your kingdom, I was fortunate enough to be able to stay in your castle, where your grandpa and eventually even your parents warmed up to me. Even now, your family and mine get along to the point of it being weird..." I took a deep breath before I tried to continue.
"I don’t understand what you’re trying to say." Tess had an impatient look on her face.
"Tess, we’re still so young. I mean, I’m only twelve and you’ve barely turned thirteen as well! I know that it’s not weird for a girl your age to get married since you’re royalty, but I mean, I don’t have that background." I realized I was stuttering a bit.
"Art. I know you well enough and right now, you’re just making excuses. You and I both know that what I meant wasn’t to get married right away. I-I just want things to progress. Even back in Elenoir, you just treated me like I was a kid! It’s been almost eight years since then, Art... I have a lot to learn but I don’t consider myself such a child anymore." Her stern gaze turned soft as she desperately tried to reason with me.
"It’s because I’ve known you since we were both children that it’s harder for me to see you as anything more, at least right now, Tess. It hasn’t even been that long since we met after such long time as well." I could feel my argument coming out more and more as petty excuses but I stood my ground.
Tess’s bangs covered her face as her head turned to the ground. She suddenly sprung to her feet, her face red and tense, as if on the verge of tears.
"So, you’re telling me that all this time, you haven’t once thought of me as anything more than a childhood friend?" she asked through pursed lips.
I averted my gaze, unable to keep staring at her.
I didn’t know how to respond. Of course there were times when I had to ask myself if I was supposed to reciprocate the feelings Tess had of me back then, but my conscience firmly stopped me. While I had spent twelve years in this body, acting—for the most part—my age, I still had memories of the near-forty years I had spent in my previous life. With memories of the children at the orphanage I had grown up in calling me ’Uncle’ whenever I visited, I couldn’t help but picture Tess as one of those kids.
"I see," she whispered, taking my silence as the answer. Tess whipped around and stomped off towards the door of the training facility.
As she opened the door, she said without turning around, "You know, Arthur. You’re so confident in so many things. Magic, fighting, using your brain. You’re so confident in everything you do because you’re good at them. But, you know what? There are things you’re not good at. You’re not good at confronting your feelings. You always put on a mask and pretend you’re happy or apathetic when you can’t handle a certain situation. I think in that sense, you’re a lot less mature than even the so-called ’children’ you see in this academy. You’re just using your confidence in your strengths to mask the insecurities you have in things you know you’re not good at!"
As the door closed behind her, I was left with an eerie silence that not even the sound of the waterfall could cover.
’Papa’s a dummy...’ Sylvie curled up a couple of meters away, turning away from me.
I sat in front of the pond, stunned by her last words. I had to admit that in some ways, maybe Tess was more mature than I was. Even in my past life, aside from being a great fighter, I wasn’t that impressive of a man. I had the charisma and character to appeal to the masses but when it came to interpersonal relationships, I considered myself mediocre on a good day. I grew up avoiding long lasting relationships, seeing them as nothing more than a burden that would eventually be used against me. In order to be the best, I had to have no weaknesses, and having a lover would’ve eventually led to my demise.
I’d come to realize this even more since coming into this world. Having family that I would happily die for reminded me of how truly weak I was. If someone were to kidnap any one of my family members, no matter how strong I personally was, I would be at their beck and call.
The thought of having a lover, someone I could call my other half, was a wonderful thing, but it was also something that truly scared me.

After clipping back the bracelet that sealed my fire and water elemental attributes, I made my way back to the surface and headed towards my next class. How was I supposed to face Tess in my Team Fighting Mechanics class? Even Sylvie was pouting on top of my head because I’d made Tess angry.
_________________________________________
"Good to have you back, Art." Claire ran to me, giving me a firm slap on the back.
"Are you feeling a bit better?" Curtis also caught up to us, Grawder following behind him.
"I’ll probably have to sit out for a few more classes, but I’m okay," I replied, giving him a weak smile as we arrived at the field.
"Good to see you walking, Mr. Leywin!" Professor Glory beamed as she spotted the three of us arrive but when she was about to walk over to us, a rather malicious intent radiated from beside her.
Lucas had a harsh look on his face as he took big, confident strides towards us.
I matched my gaze to his, neither of us looking away as he approached me. Gripping my shirt up by the collar, he pulled me close to his face.
"I think we need a rematch." His effeminate face was a sight to behold as he scowled, my nose only a few inches away from his.
Gripping his wrist, I replied, my face stone cold and eyes deadlocked to his. "This is a pretty rude way to ask for something." I gripped hard enough to make his hand lose strength, but I didn’t stop there. I surged a blast of mana at the boy, making his knees give out.
Grimacing in pain, Lucas mumbled inaudibly and soon had orange flames conjured in his free palm, ready to fire at me.
"That’s enough!" Professor Glory roared as she shoved her sheathed sword between us.
"Arthur, go rest in the viewing platform. You’re not to take part in any activities in this class until you’re fully healed—Director Goodsky’s orders. As for you, Lucas, you need to calm down. Whether you want to settle your petty grudge with a fight or with a hug, do it after Arthur is fully healed. Now is not the time." She let out a sigh as she nudged me towards the viewing platform. After walking for half a day, I didn’t need my sword to lean on but I couldn’t walk at a normal pace either.
Heading back, my eyes unconsciously searched for Tess but she was nowhere to be found. "Professor Glory, where’s Princess Tessia?"
"She stopped by not too long before you came saying she wasn’t feeling well. She said she would make up class somehow but she seemed off so Clive took her back to her dorm. Why? Do you know anything?" Professor Glory asked.
I lied, shaking my head.
"You can get up to the viewing platform without starting another fight, right? Just rest up for a couple more days." She placed a gentle hand on my shoulder before running back off towards the rest of the class.
I watched the class split up into different teams and get in various formations for different circumstances. In scenarios like sieging, conjurers played a crucial role so augmenters got into a much more defensive position, focusing solely on protecting the long-range caster. In scenarios where guerilla fights were necessary, only one or two augmenters remained close to the conjurer as the rest went off on their own.
The class was only a week in so it was very basic but it was obvious that Professor Glory knew what she was doing. The class grasped the lessons well while even having fun. It was a nice sight to see but my mind strayed off to earlier today. I didn’t regret the things I said, but I had to question whether I had actually said it well.
My next class was the class I was actually looking forward to the most: Deviant Magic Theory. Unfortunately, our professor, Professor Drywell, placed utmost importance on covering the basics first, so even after a week had passed, she was barely covering the foundation of Deviant Magic.
"Whenever deviant magic is involved, there is a much bigger stress on the price of your magic. Why do you think that is? It’s because deviant magic, like its name, is deviant from the natural elemental mana pool that is evident in our world. The mana that surrounds us is made up of only fire, wind, earth and water mana. Deviant magic that comes from the higher form of these four elements have a much greater cost, as I would like to say, compared to the four original elements because there is no such thing as lightning, plant, gravity, metal, magma, sound, or ice mana surrounding us in the atmosphere. In order to produce these phenomena in our spells, the mage must be able to directly alter their parent element and manipulate it into its deviant form." Professor Drywell chattered on. She was a very aged lady and although she had the image of a nice quiet grandmother, she never stopped talking.
"Professor! But gravity, lightning, metal, magma, sound, and ice all exist naturally in our world as well. Why doesn’t our world produce these types of mana then?" an older girl asked.
"Good question, young one! Honestly, no one knows for sure why that is! Many mana theorists believe that because a certain set of conditions must be met for those deviant elements to occur, mana directly correlated to them does not exist. Then there are always exceptions such as fire, where it certainly does not just spontaneously manifest without cause. Perhaps that is why most mages believe fire to be the highest form of normal magic, because it is so close to being deviant magic itself," Professor Drywell explained as she paced around the lecture hall.
"Deviant magic that strays even further from the four main elemental mana in our world comes at even a greater cost. All of you know what emitters are. They are healers, essentially. The mana that they utilize does not fall under the category of water, earth, fire, or wind. Instead, I would dare say that there exists a holy element, or light element, to be more accurate. Emitters gain little benefit from absorbing mana from the atmosphere because there is no light elemental mana within our world. Instead, they work to condense and purify the mana that forms in their mana core so that even when less mana is used, there is still a substantial effect in their spells." I could tell Professor Drywell was running out of steam because her voice was getting breathier.
After she finished the day’s lesson, we had a short Q&A session but no one really had any questions to ask out of fear that class would never finish. Eventually, Professor Drywell released us and I trudged on to my last class, Spell Formations I.
Most of the students in this class were conjurers but some of the smarter augmenters knew that they could gain benefits to their skills by taking this class. Our teacher, Professor Mayner, was a scholarly-looking man with a monocle and his hair parted down the middle. His mustache was well-trimmed and over his suit, he wore a white gown.

"Welcome, students. I was notified by Director Goodsky that a student named Arthur Leywin will begin joining us for class, am I correct?" He looked around, his monocle catching the glare from the light in the classroom.
"Yes, I’m Arthur Leywin, please guide me well." I gave a small bow as he nodded in approval.
"Very well! You did not miss anything too important, Mr. Leywin. We were going over the different types of spell formations, from individual spell incantations to group spell formations. Care to tell us what you know about spell formations?" He adjusted his monocle as he approached me, his back straight.
"To my knowledge, spell formations are the conjoining and/or altering of basic spells and skills in order to produce a different phenomenon, whether that be to the user himself, or the specific point in space the spell was invoked," I answered.
"A most solid answer indeed, Mr. Leywin. Very good." He clapped his hands once before he went back to the front of the class where he began the lesson.
"I would first like you all to imagine a scenario. Imagine a world where everyone could read everyone’s mind. The fleeting thoughts that can make even the purest man seem perverse or the nicest woman seem cruel are all laid out in the open for others to read. I believe that that world would house the best mages ever known." The class waited, confused, for the professor to make his point but he moved on.
"I’ll come back to this later, but for now: why do conjurers and even augmenters chant spells? It is not the words that invoke the spell or technique. Instead, the words influence the caster’s consciousness, filling his mind with the correct ’suggestion’, if you will, that molds the mana into the desired spell." The sound of everyone furiously scribbling in their notebooks filled the room.
Professor Mayner was a great speaker and he kept the class engaged with the material he was teaching.
"To give a rather humorous example; if I were to say to a girl that liked me, ’I have always loved you,’ you can bet that there will be some sort of reaction from the girl I say this to. The ’incantation,’ which was ’I have always loved you,’ triggers the response, or the ’spell,’ from her, whether that is blushing, crying, a smile, etc." The class roared with laughter at the metaphor, but I couldn’t help but wince.
"All in all, if the caster can control his consciousness to mold the mana into his desired spell, then incantations can be greatly shortened or they might not even need them at all. The reason augmenters don’t need to focus so much on chanting is because the spells they use almost always directly involves them using their own body. Conjurers, on the other hand, have to cast much more precise and complicated spells, which require these incantations so that their spells don’t become totally different with a switch of a thought. That is why I said that if there was a world where everyone could read each other’s minds, that world would also have the greatest of magicians. Why? Because they would have absolute control over their thoughts."
The class went on and while the professor was a great lecturer, I wasn’t able to focus as my mind kept shifting back to Tess and her piercing words as she left.
Hiding my insecurities with my confidence...
Was that what I was doing? Was I using the fact that I was a lot better at magic than everyone else as an excuse to avoid confronting what I was actually bad at?
Perhaps I was being a hypocrite. I was going on about how I couldn’t see Tess as anything more than a child but I was actually the one that needed to grow up, at least in a certain sense. Getting stronger in my strengths didn’t exactly fill in my weak points, it just made them that much more apparent in comparison.
Tess was young. She was also innocent, but that didn’t mean she was ignorant. Maybe I was the ignorant one.
"Class is over! Have a great night, students. I shall see you all tomorrow!"
Even as I was walking back to my dorm, my mind was all over the place, almost tripping over myself various times.
Damn it.
I changed directions to where the student council dorms were. Running as fast as my body would let me, I arrived at the building that was much fancier than my dorm hall.
I’m here. How do I meet Tess? It’s not like I can just shout out and call for her...
’Papa, Mama is over there.’ Sylvie pointed east with her paw and without questioning, I ran in that direction.
"I’m telling you, I’m okay! Please, just let this go, Clive." I heard Tess’s voice in the courtyard near the fountain.
"No! How dare that brat make you cry. I knew he would only cause trouble! His poor upbringing is definitely the cause. I can’t imagine why Director Goodsky even allowed that peasant in this prestigious academy, and as a disciplinary committee member, no less!" I could vaguely make out Clive’s thin frame as he held Tess by her wrist.
Clive noticed me approaching and his face contorted into a scowl. "What the hell do you think you’re doing here? You dare try and meet Princess Tessia after you’ve made her this unwell? If it were up to me, I’d kill you right now!"
Ignoring the thin, stern-looking vice president, I looked at Tess, who turned away. "Tess, can I have some of your time?"
"You’re ignoring me?!" Clive roared as he grabbed my shoulder.

As if a fly was constantly buzzing around my ear, I lost my patience. "Piss off," I growled, bombarding him with mana the same way I had done with Lucas.
Releasing a bit too much, Clive was pushed back, stopping only after tumbling into a nearby tree.
"Y-You! Wh-What..." Too flustered, Clive was unable to produce anything more coherent as my gaze never left him.
"Stop. It’s not worth causing a scene over." Tess got in between Clive and I and took my hand, leading me out of the courtyard.
As I tried to keep up with her quick steps, I nearly tripped, my injured body still unable to do anything more than walk.
"H-Hold on Tess, we’re going too fast. I’m still hurt." I managed to say in between breaths.
"Oh, I’m so sorry." Tess glanced back, her stern expression softening for just a second before hardening again.
We were in an alley between the director’s office and the student council’s dorm when we stopped. After Tess let go of my hand, she took a step back and waited for me to catch my breath.
"Well? What do you want?" Tess asked, her gaze fierce.
"..."
"Tess. There were a lot of truths in what you said to me earlier. To a certain extent, I think I did know how you felt about me but I was always afraid to face it. Magic and fighting are so much simpler. The more you train, the better you get, and the better outcome you see. Emotions like this don’t work that way, especially for me." I looked at Tess but her expression didn’t change.
"Maybe you think I was making excuses when I said we were too young, but that’s really how I feel. Maybe you think you’re ready and maybe you are, but I know I’m not. I understand that we’re close in age but everyone matures at a different pace." My mind worked furiously, trying to come up with the right words to say without telling Tess that I didn’t feel right going out with her when I had a mental age over thirty. "I care about you and I missed you when I came back home—I should’ve said this earlier and I’m sorry I didn’t, but I hope you don’t hate me for this."
"You’re beating around the bush," Tess responded, her expression softening.
"I can’t have a relationship with you right now," I said firmly.
Tess raised a brow. "Right now?"
"Maybe when we’re older?" I said, making my statement sound more like a question.
My childhood friend clicked her tongue, crossing her arms. "You say that like I’m obviously going to wait for you. Anyway, I bet you’re just saying that to make time to find some other girl."
My mind immediately pictured a thirteen-year-old me locking arms with a woman the same age as my mother and I immediately shook my head.
"I won’t be dating anyone anytime soon," I reassured.
"How do you know? How am I supposed to trust that you’re not going to go and fall for someone else even if I do wait for you? I’m not sure you’ve noticed but I can be really selfish. If you say all of this now and then go out and frolic with some other girl..." Tess’s voice trailed off as she began to tremble. "I’d rather you just say you don’t see me as anything other than a friend then—"
For one second, I shut off my conscience and managed a light peck on her lips. I suppressed the inner voice that screamed in disapproval and backed away from Tess, my face burning, truly feeling like a twelve-year-old boy in this moment.
"I hope this will buy me some time because that’s about the limit of what I can do," I said as I quickly wiped my mouth with my sleeve, unable to look Tess in the eye.
There was no sound so I took a peek up only to see Tess in a daze, her eyes glossed over as her middle and index fingers touched her lips.
"Tess?" I whispered.
My childhood friend blinked and quickly removed her fingers from her lips. "Fine. But you better watch out, though—I’m pretty popular! If you make me wait too long, someone else is going to take me!"
"Deal." I smiled in relief from finally sorting things out with Tess when she suddenly went up on her toes and kissed me on the cheek.
I immediately retracted, surprised. "Tess, I thought I said—"
"Don’t worry, stupid. That was just a thank you for saving me in class last week." She stuck out her tongue before turning around and running off into her dorm.
Sylvie, who had witnessed everything from atop my head, snickered.
Zip it, Sylv. Letting out a deep breath, I walked back to my dorm. I wondered if my childhood friend was willing to wait a few years... or even a decade, but I chose not to think about it any longer.
Tomorrow’s problems will be solved by tomorrow’s me.





TESSIA ERALITH’S POV:
Arriving at my room, I jumped into bed, my hands covering my burning face.
I couldn’t help but let out soft shrieks of delight as I rolled back and forth across my sheets.
"Hehehehehe..." Oh no. I was laughing like a pervert.
But...but Art finally kissed me. He kissed me!
"Heehee..." Not being able to calm down, I wrapped myself in my blanket as I rolled around. The image of him leaning forward to kiss me filled my head, forcing my lips to curve up. It felt different from when I’d kissed him. I couldn’t quite explain it but it was definitely a better feeling.
"I could get used to this..." I accidentally muttered aloud as I softly rubbed my lips. I rolled across my bed again in embarrassment as I recalled the event again.
I began to imagine what our marriage would be like. I wanted it to be super pretty. I wondered how our kids would look? Arthur was good-looking and I wasn’t ugly either. It should be fine, right? But in order to get kids, we needed to...
I could almost feel steam coming out my ears as I imagined it. I mean, I learned about how babies were born from my home tutor but...
Nonononono it’s too early! And besides... Arthur wanted me to give him some time. I wondered what he meant by that? Did he mean we were going to act like tonight never happened?
I didn’t want that!
But was I allowed to get mad at him for that? Was I being too hard on him? I knew he had my best interest at heart but I couldn’t be so wishy-washy about this, right?
What if another girl really did end up liking him too and he chose her? I was just a violent, spoiled girl after all; why would he choose me?
The more I thought about it, the more disheartened I became. It’s, okay Tess. We’re both still really young. Even if it does take time, I’m sure it’ll work out eventually, right?
Gah! Stop discouraging yourself and let’s just sleep, Tess!
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
I’d been getting used to having Sylvie wake me up. Usually a loud mental shout was enough to wake me up but today, I was woken up by a sharp bite on my nose.
"Kyu!"
I groaned as I woke up, rubbing my throbbing nose as Sylvie went back to sleep after doing her job. Sylvie seemed to be a lot more active at night as she took frequent naps throughout the day.
After washing up, I watched Elijah, still breathing loudly in his sleep while I had to wake up this early. We couldn’t have that now, could we?
"Good morning!" I slapped my sleeping roommate on his behind.
"Ah! What? Huh?! What’s going on?" Apparently, the sudden impact made him panic, because he got into a defensive position with his right hand straight out, ready to fire at his attacker.
"Nothing! Just saying good morning." I shrugged, strapping on the knife to my disciplinary committee uniform.
"Ugh... I have another two hours before class starts. You woke me up just to say good morning?" Elijah groaned as he wrapped himself with his blanket into a makeshift cocoon.
"Yup! I’m off to my first disciplinary committee meeting!" I took one last look to make sure I wasn’t forgetting anything when Elijah popped his head out from underneath his blanket.
"Did something good happen? You’re a little bit too happy. It’s unsettling." Whether it was because he was studying me or just trying to focus his vision on me since he wasn’t wearing his glasses, Elijah squinted his slightly puffy eyes.
"You’re just imagining things, Elijah," I said with a light chuckle, quickly lacing my boots before heading towards the door.
"Suspicious..." he mumbled before succumbing to his body’s demands to go back to sleep.
Making sure no one was around, I jumped off the building and used wind augmentation to cushion my landing. Sylvie just floated down, which looked really silly to me with her oversized ears flopping against the wind.
Landing on top of my head with a soft plop, I took some time to test my body out with some stretches. I couldn’t say I was in great condition, but the improvement since yesterday made me nod in satisfaction. It was times like these that I really felt the effects of going through the assimilation of Sylvia’s dragon will.
Which reminded me...I’d have to help Tess with her assimilation. How was I supposed to act around her anyways? I couldn’t believe I kissed her yesterday.

Thinking back, I realized that even in my past life, I’d never gone past the point of kissing and it was always the other party that initiated. I’d never had an interest in falling in love. Rather, I feared love. I even avoided the aspect of unattached sexual relationships because I feared that the start of a physical relationship could lead to emotional attachments. I secluded myself in training aside from public appearances and fights, making sure I didn’t have anyone I held in importance, anyone that could be used as a tool against me.
What I’d learned most from this world wasn’t the magic or the fighting. No, what I’d realized was that this life has forced me to open up my calloused heart and allow people to hold significance to me. What this also meant was that I had to be stronger than my past self since I had people to protect this time.
Lost in my thoughts, I almost passed by the Disciplinary Committee Room. The DC had access to one of the bigger rooms in the academy so that it could double as a training room as well. I was a bit late since I woke up a little later than expected but it wasn’t too loud so I hoped I wasn’t the last one there.
As I opened the door, Curtis flew and crashed into the wall next to me with a thud!
"Still too weak!" I saw Theodore Maxwell’s disappointed face, his right fist raised.
"Ah, Arthur! You’re here!" Claire Bladeheart, who was spectating the duel from the side, waved her hands.
"Ugh... I can’t believe I still can’t land even a single hit on you, Theodore. Oh, hey Arthur." Curtis turned his head towards me while rubbing his back.
"Do you need help?" I put my hand out while Sylvie wagged her tail but Curtis just shook his head.
"No, I’m okay. Besides, the duel isn’t over yet." Curtis grimaced as he got back to his feet and picked up his sword.
Taking a seat next Claire on one of the couches, I watched as the duel between Curtis and Theodore resumed.
"HAH!" Curtis charged forward after augmenting his sword in a blazing fire but just as he was about to get into Theodore’s range, Curtis sidestepped instantly, leaving a charred footstep behind before appearing to Theodore’s right.
Theodore’s reaction was almost immediate as he lifted his brawny right arm at an uncanny speed.
"Fall!" Curtis’ assault failed as he crumbled to his knees, his sword landing heavily on the ground in front of Theodore.
Theodore had a smirk on his face but it soon turned serious as he realized Curtis’ plan.
"Explode!" Curtis shouted in a strained voice.
The sword that wasn’t burning but glowing a dim red shined brighter until flames exploded in all directions.
Claire focused on the smoke, assuming both the sword and Theodore was covered inside, but I tapped her shoulder and gestured for her to look up.
Theodore was in the air with his arms a bit burned and steaming but otherwise unharmed. Using gravity magic on himself, Theodore slowly floated down as he concentrated on his next spell.
Curtis was back to his feet with his sword in hand, already preparing another spell. I noticed Grawder restlessly swinging his tail from the other side of the room.
"All right! I think it’s time to stop!" Claire stood up and clapped her hand but it didn’t seem like either one of them heard her even speak. She sighed exasperatedly. "Kai, care to help me?" Claire glanced back at the narrow-eyed, smiling man.
"Got it, Boss." Kai’s sleeves covered his arms so I didn’t know what he had hidden but with a swing of his arms, thin metal strings shot out towards Theodore and Curtis, forming a makeshift metal fence between them.
Even after augmenting my eyes, I couldn’t make out any specific elemental attribute in his skill, making me wonder exactly what he could do.
Both Curtis and Theodore stopped their spells and turned their heads towards Kai in confusion.
"Boss’ orders. Let’s stop the duel now, shall we gentlemen?" Kai’s smiling face remained unchanged as he retracted the numerous strings back into his sleeves.
"What did Kai do just there?" I asked Claire who was shaking her head at Curtis and Theodore.
"No one really knows. He keeps it a secret and from what I can tell, there isn’t any specific elemental attribute in his mana whenever he uses his skills," she responded while shrugging.
"Have you taken an interest in me, Arthur?" Kai came behind me, leaning his head forward past my shoulder so his smiling face was right next to mine.
"Hardly. Just a bit curious as to what you just did there. It didn’t seem like you were manipulating metal, or using sound to control the metal strings," I responded while pushing his face away from mine.
"So cold. I’d tell you but unfortunately, if I did, I’d have to kill you," he replied nonchalantly, making me lift a brow.
"Oh? Is that a threat?" I challenged.
Noticing that the conversation was taking a turn for the worse, Claire butted in.

"Looks like we’re still missing quite a few people! Feyrith, Kathyln and Doradrea still aren’t here—ah, there they are!" she said as she pushed the both of us towards the door.
Feyrith was having a little quarrel with Doradrea about something while Kathyln came in behind them. I raised my hand to wave at Kathyln but as soon as our eyes made contact, she immediately turned her head away before walking off in another direction.
"Ah Arthur, my rival! Have you healed? I believe we still need to duel but I think it would be better to hold that off until after I finish working on a spell I’ve been practicing! It’s not because I’m scared to lose to you or anything. Just giving you more time to recover." Feyrith came up beside me, putting his arm on my shoulder as he let out a hearty laugh.
"Now that everyone is here, I’d like you all to come sit down so we can start the meeting." Claire ushered us towards the round table on the second floor.
The room consisted of two levels. The lower level was just a wide area with all sorts of equipment and also an arena for practice matches. To the side next to the equipment, a flight of stairs led to a second floor balcony that overlooked the lower level. The second floor was furnished with a chalkboard, some cabinets, and a big, oval table with exactly eight seats.
Claire sat at the very end of the table with the chalkboard behind her while Kai and Theodore sat to her right and left. I didn’t really know if there was an assigned seating arrangement so I remained standing, waiting for everyone else to sit down first. On Kai’s side sat Curtis and Feyrith while on Theodore’s side sat Doradrea and Kathyln. The only seat available was directly opposite of Claire’s seat so I just settled there and waited for the meeting to commence, my drowsiness from being up so early slowly overtaking my body.
I glanced over at Sylvie who hopped off my head and began playing with Grawder until our leader began talking.
"This is the first meeting with everyone present, as well as the first day we will actively start duty," Claire announced in a serious voice.
"Although this is the first year this committee has existed, I’ve been working with Director Goodsky and our student council president on how we should efficiently structure and run the disciplinary committee in order to create an environment that will not tolerate bullying, dissented duels, as well as intruders. For that, we decided to split the disciplinary committee into two teams. These two teams are separated by underclassmen and upperclassmen. The upperclassmen—Theodore, Curtis, Kai and myself—will split into pairs and watch over the campus in the morning since we don’t have classes. The underclassmen—Kathyln, Feyrith, Doradrea and Arthur—will also split into two teams and go around campus in the afternoon while the upperclassmen have classes." Claire began writing all of our names on the board, divided into the teams she had already decided on.
Before I had the chance to raise my hand, Claire already knew what I was about to say and interjected.
"Since Arthur is taking both upper division and lower division classes, he will be waived from that duty. However, he is to be on standby at all times in case backup is needed. Also, I’ve gotten permission from Director Goodsky to allow you to be 10 minutes late to classes, so just take your time between classes and be on the lookout for any trouble." She smiled in satisfaction as I put my arm back down.
"That being said, I’ve already discussed the matter of who will be scouting the campus alone between the underclassmen and Kathyln has volunteered to take on this task. Kathyln, remember that even though the upperclassmen are in class, we will still help you. You are a part of the disciplinary committee so if you’re caught in a situation where you’re not confident in being able to handle it yourself, call for help." She turned her gaze to Kathyln while saying this. The princess simply nodded while Curtis wore a slight look of concern on his face.
Feyrith raised his hand. "How are we going to communicate with each other?" Feyrith raised his hand
"We haven’t told you guys yet but if you imagine any of the members in the disciplinary committee while placing your hand on the insignia on the sheath of your knife, the recipient’s knife will emit a bright light and a soft shock, notifying them who is in trouble. Each of the members’ knives has a distinct color so remember them well." While Claire announced this, she began writing the different colors our DC knives would glow.
Claire - Pink
Kai - Silver
Theodore - Yellow
Feyrith - Green
Doradrea - Dark Red
Curtis - Red
Kathyln - Blue
Arthur - Black
I wondered how a black light would look. Everyone else’s colors were pretty self-explanatory and corresponded with their elements for the most part. It seemed like Feyrith got the green color because he was an elf.
"The last matter of business is surveillance at night. I know that this might be a bit too much for one person so we’ll be taking turns in pairs with this task." Our leader looked around in case there were any disagreements.
"Can I volunteer to take over my sister’s shift as well? Call me overprotective but I’m not comfortable knowing Kathyln might be in danger while I’m fast asleep." Curtis spoke up while scratching his head but looked at me specifically.
"Are you sure you can handle that, Curtis? It’s going to be tough doing two people’s shifts at night," Claire asked.
I looked over at Kathyln, noticing that she wanted to interject but she kept her thoughts to herself.
"Kathyln is my partner for night duties, right? I can do it by myself," I spoke up, knowing the real reason Curtis wanted to take over his shift. I could sort of understand from his perspective, being an older brother myself.
"You don’t have to..." Kathyln spoke as she stood up but I could tell she was conflicted and couldn’t find the words to say after.
"Hmm... well, since Kathyln is scouting by herself during the afternoon, I think this would be fair. Okay, I’ll allow it, but Arthur, Kathyln, I can already tell you two are the type to try and handle things on your own. However, I’m ordering you both as the leader to call for help immediately as soon as you think you need it." She leaned forward on the table, stating her conditions in a firm voice.
"Got it," I promised as Kathyln nodded.

"Okay, since all of the technical matters are settled, you guys are free to leave or stay here and practice until classes start. The room will always be open for DC members so think of this as a second house! I’ve already camped here for a couple of nights, haha!" Claire scratched the back of her head in embarrassment.
I let out a deep breath in relief. Looks like I could have a little less than an hour of sleep before my first class started. There were a couple of couches that looked perfect for a power nap on the lower floor.
Curtis gave me a meaningful pat on my back before he headed down but as I followed behind him, I felt a tugging on the waist of my pants from behind.
"Let’s spar for a bit, pretty boy! I’ve sparred with everyone else here but you." Doradrea shot me an excited grin as she dragged me from behind onto the designated sparring arena.
"I’m still not fully healed, Doradrea. I don’t think this is the best idea," I groaned as I was dragged helplessly.
"Stop being a baby! The best way to get rid of that soreness is to move around, don’t you know?" She let me go and walked over to the other side of the arena.
Claire walked towards us, giving me an apologetic look. She was about to stop the spar when Theodore walked past her and approached Doradrea as she was stretching.
"Move it," he growled.
"Aww... no fair." Doradrea grumbled as she slumped her shoulders, disappointed.
Great. A muscular male replaces my muscular female opponent.
Claire just sighed in defeat. "All right but Arthur is injured so this will only go on for a minute. Let me activate the barrier this time so we don’t have any more cracked walls."
Sylvie, who was riding on top of Grawder, asked if I’d be okay so I just nodded in response.
I may be injured but I was excited since I’d wanted to duel against Theodore as well. I figured fighting against deviants might help me learn a thing or two from them.
"Anything you want to say before we start?" Theodore asked while he cracked his neck.
"Sure. Can I call you Theo if I win? It’s only fair for me to give you a nickname since you already gave me one, right?" I shot him a smirk while I stretched my still aching body.
I could literally see veins popping on his head, as everyone’s face twisted into a horrified expression.
"You sure are full of yourself, twerp. Fine, but if I win, you’re going to be my little minion for the rest of your school life." He had a confident smile on his face as the rest of the DC members all got situated around the arena.
"Remember, this duel will last one minute or until someone lands the first hit. That’s final!" Claire barked as she unsheathed her sword and stabbed it in the ground.
The both of us nodded in consent before Claire signaled for the duel to begin.
Theodore immediately took off, charging at me like a frenzied bull. I augmented my body using wind attribute mana to skirt around the arena, keeping my distance. Theodore’s gravity magic wasn’t something to take lightly since his powers had simultaneous offensive and defensive powers.
While it usually took a bit longer to use earth magic while using wind magic, I was able to muster up shards of earth the size of my leg in time to kick them at Theodore. I shot out the shards of earth at different lengths to gauge how far he was able to use his gravity manipulation.
Theodore didn’t really get what I was doing as he kept charging at me, growing more and more frustrated from me running away and kicking rocks at him.
"Do you think I’ll let you keep running around?" he roared as the rocks that I kicked towards him all started floating.
Theodore thrust himself toward me during the short span that he decreased the gravity around him, increasing his speed tremendously.
Holding in a smile, I put my plan into play. Manipulating the earth around me one last time, I launched a boulder the size of my body as I jumped away from my opponent.
With the area of decreased gravity surrounding him, Theodore was able to easily smack the boulder over him, but during the brief moment where his vision was blocked by the rock, I dashed toward him.
Enveloping wind to condense below my feet, I shot toward him at a speed that caught Theodore by surprise.
[Draft Step]
Using the technique that I had thought up by drawing inspiration from the flicker step technique, I accelerated toward him with the help of the strong gale behind me.
Theodore’s initial expression of surprise turned into a cocky grin as he clenched his fist.
"Fall," he snarled. The sudden change in gravity knocked the wind out of me as I had to fight to keep my body from slamming into the ground.
With a victorious grin on his wild, unshaven face, he took one last step to get in range for the final blow when I shot him a smirk and pointed upwards with my finger in response.
The boulder that Theodore knocked up fell directly on top of him from the abrupt change in gravity. The weight of the rock from the increased gravity flattened Theodore flat on his stomach in an almost comical position.
"STOP!"
Claire got in between the two of us as she made sure Theodore, who already regained consciousness, was okay. By that time, Theodore had already shoved the rock off of him as he silently dusted his uniform. He would probably get a nasty bruise on his back but his mana-enhanced body allowed him to avoid any serious injury—the rock wasn’t too big after all.
"Good duel, Theo." I walked up to him and patted my opponent on the shoulder before bouncing out of the room with Sylvie trotting behind me.
Let’s go find a bench to take a nap on, I sent to Sylvie.





"Did you guys do your homework?" I sat down on top of the podium so I could get a better view of the class while I fixed my hair.
I’d slept through most of my Fundamentals of Mana Manipulation class so I felt a lot better. Looking around from the center of the stage, I saw my students glance desperately at each other in hopes that one of them had the answers to the questions I asked them yesterday.
"Looks like there’s no choice but for me to answer the question," Feyrith finally sighed before standing up.
"The mana core is an excellent way to easily and accurately measure the level of the mage’s power because it is correlated with how much effort and time that mage has spent on condensing and refining mana from their surroundings into their core." He finished off with a swish of his hair while sitting down.
"No." I hopped off the stage and walked toward the shocked Feyrith.
"It certainly is an easy way to gauge the mage’s power but it’s far from accurate. Princess Kathyln, if you see an ordinary fighter that stood at two meters and weighed almost three hundred pounds full of muscle, what is your assessment on that fighter?" I turned my gaze toward the princess that was sitting next to the embarrassed elf.
"I can expect the fighter to have robust strength," she finally said after pondering the simple question.
"Correct! All we can tell is that the oaf is probably freakishly strong. Does that say anything else about his combat ability? Yes, he’s strong, but in order to be a great combatant, there are other factors such as agility, technique, mental fortitude, experience, etc. The stage a mage’s mana core is only determines how much ’muscle’ he or she has, but it doesn’t explain much else in regards to the other factors. Refining your mana core to higher stages is still important, of course, but if that’s the only factor you use in gauging your opponent’s level, you’re setting yourself up for defeat." I saw some students start jotting down notes so I caught my breath.
The pretentious student with glasses raised her hand after she finished writing down her notes. "Question!" she declared.
"Yes, Miss Myrtle?" I found it amusing how much her name suited her character.
"If trying to sense the opponent’s mana core isn’t an accurate way of gauging his or her level, what do we do?" she asked with an expression that made it seem as if she was testing me.
"You don’t. Just assume that the opponent is stronger than you. Gauging the mana core stage of anyone should just be used to satiate your curiosity but nothing beyond that. Even if sensing the mana core level could accurately gauge the fighting strength of your opponent, what are you going to do if your opponent’s fighting strength is lower than yours? Go easy on him? Pick on him because you know you’ll win? What do you do if his fighting strength is higher than yours? Run away? Chances are, if you’re in a situation where both of you are actively sensing each other’s mana core, then running away won’t be an option." I paused for a minute.
"Being overconfident because you found out that your mana core is higher than your opponent’s can make you careless and getting scared if your opponent’s mana core is higher than yours can make you feel hopeless. Bottom line is, life isn’t so simple that you can accurately know whether or not you can beat someone based on the color of their mana core. There are cases of fighters beating careless mages because the mages got sloppy from being too arrogant. Always assume the opponent is stronger than you and try your best. If that opponent is weaker than you, then you put an end to the fight quickly to save him the humiliation. If that opponent is stronger, congratulations, you’ve overcome the mental limit you guys have been holding onto all your lives." I felt like some inspirational speaker rather than a lecturer.
I walked back to the podium where Sylvie was now taking a nap and continued speaking.
"Now, for the next piece of homework. Any of you figure out what I did last class with the two wind spells?" I asked, leaning back against the podium.
A hollow silence filled the room.

I let out a sigh. I guess being spoon-fed answers all their lives really took a toll on their critical thinking skills.
"I’ll do a little demonstration for the augmenters’ answer first." Rolling Sylvie to the side, I took out two pieces of paper from underneath her. I crumpled one of the papers into a small ball and showed it to the class.
"Watch." I put the ball on my right palm and inhaled deeply, building the suspense.
"Fwoo." Utilizing all of the air in my lungs, I managed to blow the crumpled ball of paper about a meter away from me.
The students stared at me with blank faces from the anticlimactic outcome.
Holding my fingers up to silence any students about to argue what the point of that was, I rolled the other paper I had into a makeshift tube. Packing the ball tightly into the back end of the tube, I inhaled deeply one more time.
Letting out another deep breath, the crumpled ball of paper shot out more than fifteen feet in front of me before bouncing on the ground.
The faces of some of the students lit up in understanding while others voiced their surprise. I couldn’t help but grin as the students all brightened up and took notes. Princess Kathyln furiously scribbled in her notebook while Feyrith stared blankly at the ball of paper on the ground.
"Since many of you seemed to understand what I just did, can someone please enlighten the rest of the class?" I asked as I picked up the pieces of paper I had littered.
"It has to do with concentrating mana into a small point, then compressing it and shooting it out, right Professor?" A timid girl with a huge spear next to her responded in a hushed tone.
"Correct! Augmenters are raised to utilize the plethora of mana channels they have so we unconsciously use a lot of our mana channels for many of our spells, diluting it. It doesn’t matter so much when you use it on your body but the spell is weakened greatly when attempting to cast a long-range spell." I demonstrated by widening the paper tube I rolled up. Blowing through one end, the ball I put inside loosely just dropped down in front of me.
"It’ll be hard to get used to at first but being able to better control your mana channels will help you greatly. Now, the Conjurers’ turn." I picked up the crumpled piece of paper I shot out again.
"Since conjurers naturally have much fewer mana channels compared to mana veins, they naturally shoot their spells in a compressed form, whether it’s out of their body directly, or by affecting an area to have the mana alter it into the form of their desired spell. What conjurers need to do is utilize the raw amount of mana they can absorb to compensate for their lack of mana channels. Close your eyes and try to imagine this." The students looked at one another, confused, but they lowered their gaze nonetheless, waiting for my next instructions.
"Imagine both conjurers’ and augmenters’ bodies to be pools of water. We’ll say that leaves are particles of mana. For an augmenter’s body, picture small bundles of leaves being dropped in various locations over the pool. While these bundles may be small, because there are so many, they begin to spread and join the other leaves that spread from other directions until the surface of the water is covered in leaves. That is the essence of body enhancement. Now, for conjurers, imagine just one gigantic ball of leaves drop into the pool of water. Because it comes from a single location, it may take longer for it to spread, but in the end, the leaves will still be able to cover the surface of the pool. That is how body enhancement should work for conjurers." The class remained silent as they opened their eyes and pondered over what I had just said.
"The reason why all of you conjurers injured yourselves while trying to absorb the spell you conjured is because you didn’t use the mana from your core. The only mana that you’re completely immune to is the mana refined in your mana core. Even that, after your mana influences the environment into a spell, can hurt you. Therefore, conjurers will need to utilize both mana from the atmosphere and mana from their mana core for a spell and integrate it into their body, or drop the big pile of leaves to make it spread over the pool of water." As I finished explaining, I motioned for the class to come down onto the stage and start practicing. For the rest of the class, I went around helping them while giving them little tips on how to better visualize what they needed to do.
After the giant bell rang, Sylvie stirred awake and hopped on top of my head as I dismissed class. I was surprised when I overheard some students grumbling to their peers that the class was too short.
I took the long route to my next class to take up more time while I did a broad surveillance. I messed around with sending very faint pulses of wind to try and use it as a sort of three-dimensional radar but it proved to not be as useful as I thought it would be. Earth Pulse was also of little use since I could only detect the very basics, like how many people were in the area, not if they were actually in combat or not. Even worse, the buildings and trees diluted the accuracy.

I arrived at Gideon’s class late but he just motioned for me to hurry on to my seat before he resumed talking.
"Hey. Why are you so late?" Emily whispered to me.
"Disciplinary committee duties. I have to go around school until ten minutes after class starts," I responded, lowering my voice so Gideon wouldn’t hear.
"All right! Let’s get in pairs and work on our project. The materials are in the back but don’t all of you go at once." He took a seat and began reading over something while the class got up to collect the materials needed for the Light-Producing Artifact. I was about to walk over as well when Emily stopped me.
"I already have all of the materials we need for an LPA. Let’s just get started." She rummaged through her oversized bag, finding the various necessary components. After laying out all the things we needed, she looked at me and motioned for us to start.
Building the LPA wasn’t easy but Emily seemed fairly impressed by how fast I had caught on. Even if she was only a twelve-year-old, her being a genius and all made me a bit happy.
The rest of class was spent tinkering around with some of the various parts of artifacts that Emily had brought with her until Gideon dismissed us. As I was about to leave, he grabbed me by the back of my shirt and pulled me toward him.
"Brat. Let’s catch up sometime. We have a lot to talk about." He gave me a devious grin but otherwise just patted me on the back.
"Mhmm. We should grab some tea, Professor." I waved back before leaving the room with Emily.
’Papa, Avier told me to head over to the training room again.’ Sylvie thumped my nose with her paw to grab my attention.
Is Avier Director Goodsky’s green owl? How can you talk with it? I asked my bond but she didn’t really know why either.
"Hey Emily, I have to head over to the library so I’ll be skipping lunch. Go ahead without me!" I waved at my friend.
"Do you want me to go with you?" She looked at me but I just shook my head.
"It’s fine. Go find Elijah for me! He’ll be lonely if I’m not there." I shot her a smile before running off in the direction of the library/training rooms.
"Good afternoon, Mr. Leywin," Chloe greeted me with a professional smile and a bow before motioning me to the back door.
"Nice to see you again, Chloe," I smiled back, following behind her with Sylvie wagging her tail on top of my head.
After passing by the scary man, I made my way downstairs without the help of Chloe this time. Hopefully Elijah won’t be too bored hanging out with Emily, right Sylv?

"Kyu~" ’He’ll be okay!’ my bond reassured me.
Reaching my room, I placed my right palm against the cold, giant doors, and a bright light once again greeted me.
"Boo!" Tessia jumped from the side of the door with her hands out wide.
"Hey, Tess," I responded casually.
"Aww... you weren’t scared. No fun," she grumbled while catching Sylvie who had jumped off my head.
"You’ll have to try a lot better than that. Come on, let’s get started with your assimilation." I pushed her toward the center of the training room. It was amazing how dense the air was with mana in this room compared to outside. Even the very fact that there was grass and a waterfall put me in awe every time I came in.
"How’s your body been feeling lately? Are you still getting symptoms of rejection from your Beast Will?" I asked while Tess took a seat near the pond.
"I haven’t gotten any since the last time we were here," she responded but turned quiet afterwards.
Tess looked over her shoulder and stared at me, batting her long grey eyelashes. "Hey, Art?"
"Hmm?"
"I’m sorry."
"For what?"
"Well...compared to you, I’m so emotional and so I feel like you get overwhelmed and just end up following my selfishness." Tess’ gaze shifted down as she said this.
"Ah, so you do know," I smirked in response, earning me a smack on the arm.
"We’ve known each other for how long, Tess? At this point, you can trust that you’ve seen all sides of me, even the ones I don’t want to show. Even knowing that, the fact that you accept me and have patience with me, I’m grateful. Don’t ever think that what I’m doing is out of obligation." Ruffling the downhearted princess’s hair, we began the assimilation.
Tess’ mana core had come a long way. At her age, being a solid orange stage conjurer was on the level of a genius. While she wouldn’t able to refine her mana core until the assimilation was over, it shouldn’t affect her too much. While mine took years, I estimated that with my help, it should only take a couple more weeks for her to completely assimilate with the elderwood guardian’s beast will.
"Let’s end it here today." I patted Tess’ back to signal that we were done.
"Thanks." Tess shot me a shy smile as we both sit in the grass, the only sound coming from the waterfall and Sylvie’s soft breathing.
"I-I know you said to give you time but...do you think I can maybe hold your hand right now? Just for a bit? If not, it’s okay—I won’t be mad." Tess averted her gaze to avoid mine. While her bangs covered her face, she couldn’t hide her red ears poking out.
I gently grabbed Tess’ right hand with my left and squeezed gently. While our fingers weren’t interlocked, the warmth from her hands spread onto mine.
"Is this okay?" I tried to take a peek at Tess’ face but she quickly turned her head away. I couldn’t help but smile helplessly when she nodded her head in response.
For a couple of seconds, time seemed to go slower as we just sat there, hands locked. It intrigued me that such a seemingly impractical action could fill me with a sense of calm.





For the past several weeks, nothing noteworthy happened, yet I was kept busy enough to not have time to visit my family. Disciplinary committee duties took up all of my remaining time not designated to school and training.
The class I taught had a harder time than I expected when it came to "divergent training," which was what I decided to call it. The whole aspect of focusing mana into a single point proved to be difficult for all of the augmenters in the class while reabsorbing a conjured spell was an even more arduous task for the conjurers.
So far, out of the augmenters, only a student named Benson managed to do anything remotely close to what I had in mind. As for the conjurers, only Kathyln succeeded in reabsorbing her spell and enhancing her body. Even then, she only succeeded in augmenting her hand. Feyrith was a close second as he was the only other student on the brink of success.
My Deviant Magic Theory class had been moving along quite slowly as our professor explicitly explained that she would cover new material after we finished our mid-semester tests. Since a semester was sixteen weeks long and we’d only gone through four weeks of school, it’d take another four weeks until she’d start going over what I wanted to know.
"Are you excited for the class dungeon excursion this weekend?" Tess leaned in closer as she asked.
The two of us, along with Sylvie, were inside the training room during lunch. I had just finished helping her with assimilation. By my estimation, Tess needed about one or two more weeks to fully assimilate, which worried me because, until then, her magic use would be very limited.
"Hmm? Eh, we’re only exploring the first three floors, right? I doubt we’ll find anything worth getting excited over." I just shrugged.
This Saturday, we were to have a one-night trip to the outskirts of the Beast Glades with our Team-Fighting Mechanics class. Professor Glory received permission from Director Goodsky on the condition that we were not allowed to go past the third floor of the dungeon we planned on exploring.
The dungeon was a minor one and a popular site for new adventurers since the mana beasts in the upper levels were only E class, so Professor Glory thought it would be a great way to have the class get in some real life team-fighting mechanics practice.
"Pshhh... You’re no fun. I bet you’re actually really nervous that we’ll be in the Beast Glades. I heard about it a lot from Grandpa. He says that it’s filled with a lot of mysteries and wonders but also dangers. Grandpa said to never truly trust any source of information about the Beast Glades because it always changes." Tess got lost in her thoughts, fantasizing about how exciting our short trip was going to be.
"We’re going to be fighting against real mana beasts! Can you believe it? I mean, I’ve fought against a couple in Elshire Forest while I was training with Grandpa but I heard mana beasts are different in the Beast Glades. You know, more vicious. We’re going to be sleeping in the dungeon too! That’s so exciting!" Her eyes began to sparkle as she imagined camping underground, surrounded by mana beasts.
Giving her a soft flick to her forehead, I woke up Tess from her dreamland. "Just remember, you’re probably not even at half your strength right now and the assimilation isn’t going to be completed in time for the class expedition. Don’t get full of yourself."
"Oww... I know, I know! Sheesh, you don’t have to baby me so much." She pouted while rubbing her forehead.
"Do you remember when we slept together in the same tent?" My face turned into an evil grin as Tess’ face turned red immediately.
"Kyu?" Sylvie tilted her head in curiosity since she hadn’t been born when this happened.
"What did you say again? Ahh!" Putting on a frightened face, I look at my blushing childhood friend.
"’A-Arthur? W-Well! You see... beasts will more likely appear if they notice you because they will see that you are a child. Therefore, I propose that for our s-safety, that it would be better for you to c-come inside the tent,’" I said in a high-pitched voice, mocking Tess.
"Uuu! You asked for it!" She jumped on top of me and started poking me hard as I continued laughing.

"Owowowow! Hahaha~ okay! I’m sorry, I give, I give! Tess... hahaha... I’ll stop!" Tears formed in my eyes as I continued laughing and crying in pain.
"Kyuu!" ’Me too, I want to play too!’ Sylvie hopped around us.
Eventually, she came to a stop as I laid panting on the ground, catching my breath, with Tess sitting on top of me. Looking at my childhood friend, I noticed that her face was still red. Realizing almost immediately what sort of position we were in, I couldn’t help but get hot as well, as Tess lowered her head closer to mine.
"Hoho~ I see you two are getting along well. Virion will surely be happy." The voice caught the both of us by surprise and Tess immediately got off me while we distanced ourselves from each other in embarrassment.
Director Goodsky walked up to us with an amused look on her face. How she got in without either of us noticing was beyond me but I couldn’t hide the awkwardness in my face as she looked at me.
Saving us some face, Director Goodsky changed the topic. "Fufu~ how is the assimilation going?"
"It-It’s going well! Art helped me a lot these past couple of weeks and I feel a lot better! I haven’t been feeling any pain from the rejection lately and as long as I don’t use magic too much, I think I’ll be okay!" The flustered Tess scrambled her words as she flailed her arms to hide her embarrassment.
"She should be fully assimilated with her beast will in about a week or two," I clarified after calming myself.
"Hmmm..." Director Goodsky nodded at me before kneeling down in front of the still red Tess. Gently placing her hand above Tess’ stomach, Director Goodsky closed her eyes to sense Tess’ mana core.
After a brief moment, she retracted her hand and nodded, satisfied. "Good, good. I’m glad that there were no troubles along the way. I knew I could trust you, Arthur," she said to me before getting back up.
"Where have you been these past couple of weeks though, Director? You were always in contact from what I heard, but I noticed you haven’t been inside the academy for a while now. Did you just get back?" I said, tilting my head. My eyes couldn’t help focusing on the small cut she had on her other hand.
"Ah, yes. I’ve been away for some personal reasons. I am back now though, so come to my office if you need anything." Director Goodsky quickly covered her hand and gave me a soft, grandmotherly smile. "I better get going now, though. I have a lot of work to catch up on. Be sure not to overexert yourself, little one. Be especially careful while you are inside the dungeons. One should never underestimate even the lowest level mana beasts." Director Goodsky gently patted Tess’ hair before disappearing with a wisp.
"S-So what are your plans after this?" Tessia said, trying to break the awkward silence that the Director had left us.
"After classes, there’s an emergency meeting for the disciplinary committee since Curtis, Claire and I are going to be away from campus over the weekend. We’ll have to work on some of the details in case an emergency arises while we aren’t here. After that, I’ll probably go back home for the first time in a while and sleep there. I’ll get back to campus by tomorrow morning in time to head out for the excursion. What about you?" I said while leaning back.
"Well, Professor Glory said there won’t be any class today since she wanted us to rest before the excursion tomorrow so I’m free until the student council meeting. We have to go over a couple of things on the agenda since both Clive and I won’t be there either." Tess responded a lot more calmly now. I had to admit she looked pretty cute, sitting on the ground and playing with Sylvie’s paws.
After spending a bit more time talking to Tess, I eventually had to leave to go to my remaining classes. Even though we didn’t have our Team-Fighting Mechanics class, my other two classes seemed to drag on forever as we already started reviewing for our mid-semester exams.
"That will be it for today, class. Remember to keep up with your studies instead of procrastinating and cramming for everything the night before. I know you all love doing that," Professor Mayner said sarcastically as he handed out some review sheets on basic spell formations. After my last class was over, I trudged on towards the disciplinary committee room with Sylvie weighing down particularly heavily on my head tonight.
"I trust that you guys will be able to handle keeping the academy in check while the three of us are out. We’ve been through a couple of the emergency procedures these past two weeks so I’m confident that everything will be fine. As you all know, Kai is in command while I am out. Remember that Director Goodsky is back and on campus so if things go for the worse, don’t hesitate to have her help, although, unless it’s serious, I doubt there will be a need to. Dismissed!" Claire clapped her hands as the rest of us got up.

"Twer...I mean, Arthur. I want another practice match with you." Theo placed a hand on my shoulder as I headed down the stairs.
"No! It’s my turn. You lost to him last time so I get to try now!" Doradrea squeezed between us and looked up at me with her masculine face.
"That didn’t count! It was a lucky break that he just had, that’s all." Theo refuted, his face red from both anger and embarrassment.
"No can do, Theo, Doradrea. I’m going home to my family tonight. My driver is already waiting for me outside of the academy," I shrugged, hopping down the stairs without giving them the time to convince me to stay.
"You have the protection ring that Father gave you, right? Use it immediately if you feel like you’re in trouble. Promise me that, okay?" I heard Curtis worriedly nag his younger sister. We’d be leaving early tomorrow morning so tonight was probably the last time he’d be able to see her until we got back Sunday night.
Kathyln just responded with a silent nod, her face expressionless as always. She caught me looking at the both of them and quickly turned her head away. Curtis left his sister and walked towards me.
"I’ll see you tomorrow morning then, Arthur. I heard Professor Glory was thinking of assigning teams. Let’s join the same team if we can," he said, giving me a fist bump to the arm.
"Yeah, sounds good." I offered a friendly nod. Before walking out I gave everyone a wave goodbye.
It was already pretty dark outside with the only source of light coming from the soft glow of the floating orbs. The campus grounds gave off a very mystical feeling at night, totally different from how the world was in my previous life.
Upon reaching the main gate to the academy, a familiar driver was waiting for me. "Good evening, Mr. Arthur. I take it that you have prepared everything?" he said while taking off his hat and giving me a slight bow.
"Yeah. The meeting ran a little late so let’s leave right away." I got into the carriage after my driver opened the door for me.
I dozed off during the ride back home so it felt like the familiar Helstea Mansion came into view a lot faster than I’d expected.
"We have arrived, Mr. Leywin. Have a great night." Opening the door, the polite driver tipped his hat once again as I stepped off the carriage. Walking up the stairs brought up nostalgic thoughts of when I’d come back from the kingdom of Elenoir and when I came back from the Dire Tombs. This was probably the first time I was coming back home in a while without giving my parents a reason to worry for my life.
Before even having the chance to knock, the giant front door swung open and an Ellie missile shot out at a speed that surprised me.
"BROTTTHERRR! Welcome hommeeeee!" Ellie wrapped her arms around my waist as I mustered up the strength to keep the both of us from toppling down the stairs.
"Kyu!" Sylvie hopped off my head and onto Ellie’s, licking her face.
"Haha~ that tickles, Sylvie!" My sister unwrapped herself from me as she held Sylvie and tickled her back.
"I was wondering what the noise was; you’re back a little late, Son!" My father leaned against the front door and gave me a grin.

"The meeting ran a little late. It’s been awhile, Dad." I gave my father a hug as my sister followed behind me, still cuddling with my bond.
"Ah! You’re back, Art. You must be so tired." My mother, who was upstairs, ran down and wrapped her arms around me.
"Hey, Mom. Yeah, I’m back." I smiled, accepting the family love I cherished so much.
"How’s your body? Are you all better now?" My mother examined my body, lifting up my shirt and turning me around to make sure I didn’t have a wound left on me.
"Haha, I’m fine now. You’re worrying too much." I gave her a comforting smile but I couldn’t help but remember the short conversation I had had with my father about why my mother wasn’t able to heal me back then. However, I quickly shook the thoughts from my head. I was sure there was a reason and the only thing I could do was wait for her to tell me.
"Brother, how long are you staying?" Ellie was practically hopping around me as we all headed towards the living room.
"I’m leaving early tomorrow morning." I let out a sigh.
"Wha~at? Why?" My sister’s face visibly saddened, her shoulders slumping at my response.
"Yeah, why are you leaving so soon?" my father chimed in, taking a seat on the sofa.
"One of my classes has an excursion to the Beast Glades tomorrow for one night. We leave in the morning so I’ll have to head out pretty early at dawn." I was already tired at the thought of waking up that early.
"The Beast Glades?!" My mother’s face turned pale with concern. I wasn’t surprised since I’d almost died the last time I was in the Beast Glades. Even my father had a worried look on his face.
"Don’t worry. We’re only going to be on the outskirts and our professor will be with us at all times. Besides, I still have the ring." I pulled out the ring that the Helstea family had given us from my pocket. The ring used mana circulation to indicate to the other ring-holder whether I was still alive or not. I kept it off while I was at school since I didn’t really have a need for it but I brought it just in case.
"But still... is it mandatory for you to go?" My mother furrowed her brows, the concern refusing to leave her face.
"We’ll be fine. It’s one of the lowest-ranked dungeons and we’re not allowed to go below the third floor anyways." I comforted my mother.
She still wasn’t entirely happy with the whole situation but she just kept silent, giving me a hesitant nod. The four of us spent a few more hours just catching up while Sylvie fell asleep on Ellie’s lap. Ellie was apparently doing well in her ladies’ school while my father and mother both still looked very healthy and in love. It’d only been a few weeks since I’d last seen them so there weren’t really any surprises. Upon my asking where the Helstea family was, Father said that Vincent and Tabitha were both out for a couple of days on a business trip to a different city.
Eventually, my parents ushered my sister and I into our rooms since it was pretty late. I almost fell asleep while taking a shower and after drying myself; I couldn’t help but let out a big sigh of relief as I sunk into bed.
It was good to be back home.
Before I could get too comfortable, a series of knocks sounded from my door.
I turned my head, too tired to get up, and I saw a small head peeking out from the other side of the door.
"C-Can I sleep with you tonight, Brother?" Ellie walked in with her arms clinging onto a stuffed animal.
"Sure," I smiled, lifting the blanket next to me so she could get under.
"Hehe, yay!" Ellie jumped into the bed, making herself comfortable. The bed was more than big enough for the both of us but she scooted in close and faced me.
"Goodnight." Patting my baby sister’s head, the both of us fell asleep to each other’s steady breaths.





"BROTHER! WAKE UP!!" My sister’s voice pounded through my head as she screamed at the top of her lungs directly next to my ear.
"What? What’s going on?" My eyes still half-closed, I whipped my head back and forth to see if there was an emergency.
"Sheesh! You suck at waking up, Brother." Ellie probably woke up not too long ago, evident by her bedhead.
"Haha, you hair looks crazy." I shot her a grin as I ruffled her hair.
"Eek! Stop it! Your hair looks weird too!" Hopping out of bed, my sister ran out of my room, reminding me to wash up.
"Aye aye!" I gave my sister an exaggerated salute, making her giggle, before going downstairs.
Sylvie woke up on her own from my sister’s shouting but her eyes kept blinking slowly as she unstably toddled behind me.
After washing up, I made sure I had a few basic necessities on me. This included my seal bracelet, my dimension ring with Dawn’s Ballad stored inside, the other ring used to signal my mother if I was in trouble, and the feather Sylvia left me that I used to cover Sylvie’s bond mark on my forearm.
The feather wasn’t necessary to cover the mark, but I liked to keep it on me just as a memento. Having a part of Sylvia with me always comforted me.
Walking downstairs, my nose picked up on the soft scent of a meaty soup. When I reached the kitchen, I spotted my parents and little sister sitting around the table, drowsiness still evident on their faces from being up early at dawn.
"Hope you don’t mind. The chef is cooking breakfast for you. We’re probably going to go back to sleep after we see you off." My mother gave me a tired smile.
I pulled up a chair and took a seat next to Ellie. "Not at all. In fact, you really didn’t have to wake up and see me off."
"Be vigilant, no matter how easy you think the dungeon may be. It’s called a dungeon because you never know of the dangers inside," my father warned me, his bedhead ablaze.
Looking at my mother, the strain on her face was hard not to notice as she struggled for the right words. "...Just, please be careful, Arthur. I know how strong you are but I can’t stand it every time I see you hurt, it’s just that..." Her voice faded at the end.
"Hmm?" My mind flashed back to what my father had said in the hospital room back at Xyrus Academy; the event that made her unable to heal anyone seriously injured.
"It-It’s nothing. Just be safe.... and keep your eyes on that girl, Tessia, as well. You have to protect her if things get tough, okay?" Giving me a gentle smile that didn’t seem to reach her eyes, she reached forward and patted my head.
The house chef brought in my food at this time, which consisted of dry bread and a creamy soup that I assumed was used to dip my bread in. After Sylvie had a nibble on the bread, she whined and just curled up again. By the time I’d finished, the sun was starting to peek out from the mountains.

"Are you going to be coming home right after your dungeon excursion?" my father asked after giving me a hug.
"No, not right after. I’ll be back for a whole week next week though, for break. There’s some kind of special festival going on in the city, right?" My professors had all announced it a few weeks in advance that once every ten years, there was a phenomenon that occurred. Supposedly, during that entire week, the mana density in this continent reached its peak, giving mages the resources to make breakthroughs and even allowing non-mages to experience what it’s like to feel mana. For that week, classes were cancelled and students were allowed to either stay on campus or go back home to meditate and train as much as possible.
"Ah, right! The Aurora Constellate is happening next week. So you’re going to stay here for the festival too?" My mother’s mood brightened.
"Wow! A whole week?" My drowsy sister perked up at this and pulled on my sleeves.
"Yup, that’s the plan. Let’s all go to the festival together." Looking at my family, I gave them a smile and hugged my sister and mother before walking down the stairs.
"Be careful!" my mother shouted one last time while waving. Waving back at them, I stepped inside the carriage. Once inside, I followed Sylvie’s lead, catching up on my sleep until we arrived.
__________________________________________________
"Arthur!" Stepping out of the carriage, I spotted Curtis waving at me, his smile wide and genuine.
"How was your trip back home? Did you get to catch up with your family?" Claire patted me on the back when I reached the group of students waiting at the front gate.
"Good, you made it!" Professor Glory gave me a smile too as she began her headcount. Looking around, besides Curtis and Claire, I saw Clyde, Lucas, and a few other students that I never really paid attention to. I did one more quick check but didn’t see Tess, and by the frantic look on his face, neither did Clyde.
"Sorry I’m late!" Once Tess ran through the front gate, she caught her breath, her face flushed and hair messy.
"You’re the last one, Princess Tessia. We can start heading out now." Professor Glory took note of everyone’s presence once more and nodded in satisfaction before turning around and leading the class of fifteen students to the teleportation gate.
I glanced back to see Tess walking alongside Clyde when she caught my gaze. Giving me a shy smile of affirmation, I replied with a small wave but otherwise continued making small talk with Curtis and Claire until we arrived at the gate.
The guard stationed at the gate adjusted the settings as he asked our professor a few questions. After several minutes, Professor Glory signaled for us to enter through the gate one by one, stepping in herself after all of us. Again, my stomach turned from the feeling of traveling through, but luckily, the trip never lasted more than a few seconds.
"Welcome! I assume for most of you, this is the first time you guys have stepped foot in the Beast Glades, correct?" Professor Glory chimed while placing her hands on her hips.
"Hmph. I’ve been here countless times. I was an A-class adventurer after all." Lucas stepped forth with his chest out. With this, a couple impressed murmurs from the students made Lucas even more arrogant until Professor Glory replied.
"Ah, yes. I’ve heard from Director Goodsky that you were indeed an adventurer. I’ve also been notified that you had your license revoked due to classified reasons." Raising an eyebrow, Professor Glory continued on.

"Tch. It’s all because of that damned masked bastard." The professor didn’t hear Lucas mutter under his breath as he leaned against his staff.
"Right now, we’re near the edge of the Grand Mountains. If we walk a few hours this way, we’ll arrive at a famous pub of gathering called Dragonspine Inn. Back when I was an adventurer, that was the place to chat and get information on various mana beasts and dungeons. We’ll be going to a rather low-level dungeon so don’t worry too much. I will also be with you at all times but I’ll refrain from helping unless it is absolutely necessary so don’t look to me for answers." Professor Glory waved her right hand and from her dimension ring appeared a small pile of black cloth.
"These are shawls that you guys will need to wear inside the dungeon. The dungeon we’re exploring is called Widow’s Crypt. It’s a fairly straightforward dungeon without any traps or mazes so don’t worry about getting lost. It is, however, very cold in there, which is why you need these shawls. The mana beasts you’ll mostly be facing are nasty little creatures called snarlers. There are two types of snarlers in this dungeon that you’ll need to be wary of: the minion snarlers and the queen snarler. The minion snarlers are the ones you guys will be facing. Their queen burrows to the bottom floor of the dungeon so you won’t see it, but just know the difference. You’ll see what the minions look like once we go inside, but for now, we’re going to split you up into three teams of five." As Professor Glory finished informing us, she pulled out a small piece of paper from the inside of the shawl she was wearing.
"I’ve already decided on how teams will be split so take a step forward as I call you. Curtis, Claire, Dorothy, Owen, and Marge; you guys will make up the first team." Our professor motioned for them to pick up their shawls and step to the side. She then called the next five students, which left me with a bitter feeling.
"That leaves us with Arthur, Lucas, Clive, Tessia and Roland." she said as she pointed at the pile of shawls left.
I had to be in the same team as Lucas again? Was she doing this on purpose? No, there were only fifteen students in the class and she had no idea that I was an adventurer before. But she was also the one that stopped my little scuffle with Lucas.
Debating whether or not to ask to change with someone, I ultimately decided to stay after remembering what my mother said this morning. Even if she hadn’t said it, I didn’t trust Lucas being in the same team as Tess. I should be there just in case.
"Any questions? No? Okay, then it’s settled. It shouldn’t take us more than two hours to reach the dungeon entrance so let’s hurry." With that, we took off, taking long strides amidst the thick trees covering most of the sunlight.
We all traveled in silence, most of the students scared that they might attract unwanted attention from the mana beats that might be nearby. Soon, the trees cleared up as we began descending down a slope.
"We’re almost here. There’ll be a place to stay on standby next to the dungeon so don’t go inside." With that, our professor stepped to the back, doing a headcount again while each of us carefully slid down the steep slope leading to the dungeon entrance.
"Before we go in, are you sure you want to bring your bond inside the dungeon, Arthur?" Professor Glory shot me a concerned look.
What do you say? Do you want to go hunting since we’re at the Beast Glades anyway? I mentally transmitted to Sylvie.
’Sure!’ With that, my bond hopped off of my head and disappeared into the woods for the wrong reason that everybody else was thinking right now.
"Good choice, it’ll probably be safer if she stays out here and lays low." Professor Glory gave me a nod before climbing up onto a rock so she could see everyone.
"Now. Split off into your groups and get to know each other. You guys have probably seen what everyone in your group is like from class but share your strengths and weaknesses. Communication and trust is vital in team-fighting. You’ll also have to decide on a leader before we go inside." As our professor took a seat on the rock, our group came together and sat in a circle. While everyone looked at each other, not wanting to speak, the only one in our group that I didn’t really know, Roland, spoke up.
"Ahem! My name is Roland Alderman and I am a water attribute augmenter! My hobbies are relaxing, shopping, going on dates with pretty girls and..."
"No one asked for your hobbies," Clive interrupted while massaging the bridge of his nose in irritation.

"Well someone’s a little grumpy. Anywho... My strength is in mid-range fighting, using a water whip skill that was passed down from my family. My weakness is close-range combat. Next!" he finished, tossing the imaginary baton to me, who was sitting to his left.
"Arthur Leywin. I’m a wind and earth attribute augmenter. I’m adept at all ranges but prefer mid-to-close," I stated simply, looking directly at Lucas who was across from me.
"Clive Graves. Wind attribute augmenter specializing in long-distance fighting with a bow. I don’t really have a weakness," he said tersely.
"Lucas Wykes. I am a conjurer with a single specialization in fire. As for strengths and weaknesses, let’s not bother going over that." Rolling his eyes, he just leaned back as he sat cross-legged.
Sensing the hostility in the air, I noticed Tess looking a little uncomfortable. "Tessia Eralith. I am a conjurer with a dual specialization in wood and wind. My strong suits are middle-to-close-range fighting..." Letting her voice trail off, our group became silent, as we all knew what the next topic would be.
"I elect myself to be the leader." Lucas was the first one to speak.
"Oh? By what standards do you see yourself as the leader of this group?" I tilted my head, giving him an innocent look.
"By strength of course. Let’s be real... I can beat any of you guys in a fight. Isn’t it natural for the strongest one to be the leader?" Lucas shot back, looking back at me incredulously.
"I vote for Tessia! She’s the only girl and is pretty, so I like that. We can even name our team the Queen and Knights!" Roland had this sparkle in his eyes as his mind wandered off into his own little fantasy land.
"I also think that Princess Tessia should be the leader, ahem... not for the same reason of course, not saying that she isn’t pretty but I mean... Since she is the Student Council President." Clive ended up looking down as he mumbled, his flushed cheeks looking unnatural on his serious face.
"Wait I don’t want to be the leader! How about Art...thur? Arthur Leywin," she voiced, shaking her hands in defense.
"I also think that Tessia should be the leader." I raised my hand up as everyone ignored her comment. I didn’t mind just as long as Lucas wasn’t the one leading.
"Tch. Idiots." Lucas just rolled his eyes once more before we all got up.
"All right, since it seems like everyone is done, let’s head in. Brace yourselves once we get inside, it’s going to be chilly!" Professor Glory announced before stepping inside the entrance, which appeared to be a narrow stairway leading into darkness.
In a single file line, we all started making our way down the stairs and I could swear that the temperature dropped noticeably with every step we took.
"W-W-W-What the hell? W-W-W-Why is it s-s-s-so c-cold?" Roland managed to say in between his chattering teeth.
"Augment yourself, you dolt." I heard Clive’s voiced from behind. It was really dark so I couldn’t really see anything more than the vague outline of each person.
As we walked down the stairs, I felt something grip my wrist but before I pulled away, I realized what it was. Looking back, just a step behind me, I could see the vague outline of Tess’ head. Even without seeing, I could tell she was already blushing by how warm her hand was. Passing off her gesture as a result of feeling scared, we walked silently down the seemingly endless flight of stairs.
Even without augmenting myself, the frigid temperatures in the dungeon was bearable due to my assimilated body, but as the dungeon got brighter, that soon changed. A gust of piercing cold air blew through the opening at the end of the tunnel, forcing me to shield myself with the shawl. As my eyes adjusted to the change in lighting, I couldn’t help but become excited, seeing the first floor of the Widow’s Crypt.
The cavern stretched out for hundreds of yards, making me wonder how it even supported itself. The stone that made up the large cavern sparkled with a dim blue light as a thin layer of ice covered the floor and even formed icicles on the ceiling. Looking closely, I could see the nearly transparent layer of moss that covered the cavern walls and ceiling, enveloping this floor in a serene light.
"That’s odd, usually, we’d see a fair amount of snarlers already. Why don’t I—"
All of a sudden, hideous noises began echoing all around us. Peeking out from behind the numerous boulders and from small caverns spotted around the walls of the cave were an uncountable amount of beady red eyes.
"Th-That’s a lot of snarlers..." I could hear Roland gulp as his eyes widened. It wasn’t just him that was shocked at the sight but everyone in the class. Even Curtis and Claire looked. I looked at Professor Glory and from her expression, I didn’t think she anticipated seeing this many snarlers either.





Even amongst mana beasts, snarlers were hideous creatures. With a thick grey fur coat, their 140cm bodies looked like muscular mini gorillas. Their faces, though, were a mix of a boar’s snout and tusks with beady red eyes and long ears. With their thick and powerful protruding jaw, you wouldn’t think they were only E stage mana beasts upon first glance.
"GRRRRRRRR"
"SSNNNNRRRKKK"
"GRAAHHK! GRAAHHK!"
As dozens and dozens revealed themselves from hiding, the snarlers started snapping their jaws while letting out low growls.
"P-Professor... are there supposed to be this many s-s-s-snarlers?" one of upperclassman females in the other group stammered out.
"This is so odd. Even in the lower floors, there are never this many snarlers bunched together." Professor Glory braced herself and stayed firm. Because of the low morale in our class, if even our professor took a step back in hesitation, everyone would panic.
"There are a lot of them but they aren’t impossible to handle. However, since this is just a class excursion, I think it’s best to go back up, just in case. Safety is priority right now." Just as Professor Glory started slowly ushering everyone back towards the stairs, a fireball flew past her and exploded in a crowd of snarlers.
As the fireball exploded, six snarlers all shot out in different directions and lay motionless.
"See? These nasty little beasts are weak. Professor, don’t tell me you brought us all here just to go back? Even a small fire spell was enough to kill six of them," Lucas scoffed as he lowered his staff.
I could tell Professor Glory was still hesitant because of the unusual amount of snarlers suddenly appearing on the first floor.
"I-I think we should try and train here, Professor." Curtis had a determined look on his face as several other students, because of Lucas’ display, gained confidence as well.
The snarlers that have all come out seemed a bit frightened now, as they warily keep their distance, studying us with their unintelligent eyes.
"Okay, but if I feel that something isn’t right, we’re immediately out of here, understood?" With a stern voice, she waited for the class to agree to her condition.

When she received a round of nods, she said, "Good. Split into your teams and take different parts of the floor. We don’t want any friendly fire happening in here. And Lucas, if you do something like that again, there will be consequences." Professor Glory shot a menacing look towards the cocky blond, making him reluctantly comply.
"Prince Curtis, take your team and make your way towards the left side of the cave. Princess Tessia, take your team to the right of the cave and hold your ground. The last team, with me. I’ll be keeping an eye on you guys at all times but stay vigilant and don’t underestimate the snarlers, especially in these numbers." With that, Professor Glory motioned for the two teams to rush forward.
"Arthur, I want you to be the vanguard since you’re the best at close range. Clive and Roland, you guys take positions to his left and right behind him and make sure he’s covered. Lucas, stay in the center between Arthur, Clive and Roland; I’ll cover your back. We’re going in the diamond position we learned in class!" As soon as we headed towards the miniature army of snarlers, Tess’ shy self all but disappeared as her student president side took over.
"GRRRAHHKK!!"
"KHHRRAAA! KRRAAH!"
"Oh fuck, fuck, fuck." Roland, obviously intimidated by the fifty-odd snarlers all snapping their jaws at us, took out his weapon, which just looked like a handle of a sword.
Clive also took out his metal short bow from his dimension ring and drew it back. Where the arrow should have been was a long metal needle wrapped in gusts of wind.
I take out Dawn’s Ballad as well, which was still wrapped in white cloth. I left it sheathed and lowered myself, getting ready for a quick draw in case any of them suddenly jumped.
"Spread and destroy! Ember wisp!" As we approached the horde of snarlers, Lucas released one of his favorite spells that soon started floating around us.
"CRRAAHK!!" Reaching just 5 meters from the horde, I tucked my sword in tightly to my waist and prepared to draw as more than ten of them jumped towards us.
Dashing even faster, I leaned forward even lower and augmented the sword still inside its sheath. Augmenting a wind to accumulate inside, I had to use all of my strength to keep my blade from coming out of its sheath until the last minute. With the same theory as a loaded spring, I waited until I was just in front of the airborne snarlers before I released the pressurized blade.
As the speed of my blade broke the sound barrier with a loud boom!, I winced in pain as I felt my shoulder dislocating. That skill worked a lot better than I thought it would...I really shouldn’t experiment with skills in actual battles.
The front line of the snarlers both in the air and on the ground was either knocked back or cut in half but I couldn’t follow up with anything as my right arm dangled, dropping my sword.
"GRHHAAK!" Several more snarlers took the place of the fallen and galloped towards me, using all four limbs now.
Several arrows whizzed by me and promptly impaled some of the snarlers that almost reached me.

I look back and gave Clive a nod before picking up my sword with my left hand. As I looked to my left, Roland was wielding a whip made of water as he gripped the handle he brought out in the beginning. The water whip whirled erratically as some attacks missed the target by a large margin, making me think that Roland was still learning his family’s art.
The cave glowed in red and blue as different fire spells went off from both our side and the other teams’ sides. The snarlers were trying to surround us as they began spreading out and keeping their distance. The ember wisps that Lucas summoned were still shooting off small streams of fire but the snarlers were getting crafty, throwing chunks of ice from the ground at the wisps in hopes of extinguishing them.
Tess spotted me clutching my arm as she’s fought off two snarlers. "Arthur, are you okay?"
"Um... I think I’ll be fine." I gritted my teeth and positioned my right arm between my legs as I prepared to pop the shoulder back in.
"Gah!" I couldn’t help letting out a cry as I forcibly repositioned my arm in place.
The skill I hadn’t even named yet worked a lot better than I thought, managing to kill over fifteen snarlers at once. Too bad my body wasn’t able to withstand the force just now.
The snarlers weren’t very strong, but after about thirty minutes the seemingly endless numbers that never dwindled were taking its toll on us. Clive and Roland were sweating profusely while Tess turned a bit pale. Even Lucas’ spells were becoming a lot less flamboyant as he had to keep in mind the limit of his mana pool now.
"Is it just me or are there more snarlers now than there were in the beginning?" Roland shouted as he managed to kill three snarlers with the help of Clive.
"I think you’re right. The numbers aren’t adding up." Clive responded as he looked at Tess for further instructions.
Between the corpses on the floor and the ones still kicking, the numbers, just on our side, added up to roughly over one hundred. That was more than double from the beginning.
"I think we should head back over to Professor Glory. We’re not going to be able to keep fighting like this for much longer," Tess announced. As we made our way slowly back to where the entrance to the dungeon was, it seemed like the other team had the same idea.
Professor Glory noticed all the teams coming towards her so she made her way to us, cleaving snarlers left and right with her sword.
"Professor, I don’t think we can keep going like this. The snarlers keep coming!" Tess shouted over the waves of snarlers.
"Teams! Follow your leaders! We’re going back up!" Without hesitation, Professor Glory motioned for us to head back up the stairs when we hear a loud crash.
The icicles and stalactites, along with other rubble from the roof of the cave came crashing to the ground as two figures came floating down, flapping their large wings to hold themselves steady.

"Are you kidding me? What are the queen snarlers doing on this floor?" Professor Glory didn’t bother holding in her rage as she took out another giant sword from her dimension ring.
"Class, make sure to not let any of the minion snarlers get in my way. I’ll handle the two queens. I don’t know what’s going on but I’m getting you guys out of here if it’s the last thing I do." With a click of her tongue, she pulled something from around her neck and threw it on the ground. As the necklace shimmered and then turned grey, the mana fluctuating around Professor Glory changed.
She was using a seal!
"Prepare to back up Professor Glory! Don’t let any of the snarlers get past us!" Tess commanded as she held her bladed staff out in front of her.
"Aye! Vanguards, protect the conjurers!" Curtis stepped up, brandishing his sword and shield.
I took a step forward too, gripping my sword with both hands to support my throbbing shoulder. There were ten of us in the front as Lucas, Tess and three other girls started chanting spells. My eyes couldn’t help but focus on Professor Glory as she wielded two giant swords, one in each hand. Fire and what looked like sand rapidly circled around her two swords as Professor Glory chanted inaudibly.
The fire and sand began intertwining as the two queen snarlers, both a few times larger and nastier, with wings, began cautiously surrounding Professor Glory. The queen snarlers’ front two limbs had four long, sharp claws that glistened in a coating that I assumed was poison.
"HAAAHP!" Professor Glory, her two giant swords ablaze with fire and sand, charged towards the smaller queen snarler, beginning the battle.
I held back on using spells, choosing to simply hack and slash my way against the snarlers by augmenting my sword. Their thick coat offered them a little resistance against spells and attacks but it didn’t take much to kill them. What became more of a problem was the corpses of the snarlers. Their dead bodies began piling more and more around us, getting in the way of our attacks. Looking around, I was relieved to see that the vanguards were still holding up. Both Curtis and Claire had minor scratches and bruises, but they were in much better shape compared to the other students.
I took a glance back and what I saw caught me by surprise. Professor Glory was pushing the queens, who were estimated to be on the upper spectrum of B-class bosses, back, by herself. What surprised me more was the way she did it. She was obviously a dual elemental augmenter in earth and fire, but she was producing projectiles that looked like ice shards...
No... looking carefully, it wasn’t ice. It was glass!
A small scratch on my arm brought my attention back to the fight in front of me but my mind couldn’t ponder how Professor Glory was able to do that. I knew about superheating sand but in order to produce that amount of heat while still battling...
"KRRAAAAAAAHHHH!" The ear-deafening cry made us turn our heads back. Professor Glory just managed to land the finishing blow on the smaller queen. Our Professor wasn’t in the best of shape, her armor scratched and dented in various places while blood trickled down her cheeks.
"All right!"
"NICE!!"
"Go Professor!"
The defeat of one of the queens dramatically boosted the morale of the class as each of the students’ renewed vigor allowed us to fight back harder against the snarlers that seemed to generate spontaneously.
"GRRRRAAAAAAHH!!!"
Upon seconds of hearing a loud crash, Professor Glory flew past the front line and landed hard against a wave of minion snarlers.
Allowing myself a few seconds to look back, a wave of nausea hit me as my eyes glued onto the sight of the bigger queen snarler, gorging on the corpse of the fallen queen.





As the larger queen began devouring the smaller one, I couldn’t help but become perplexed by what was happening in this dungeon. There were more than ten floors here, with minion snarlers inhabiting all but the tenth floor, where the queen snarler dwelled. The reason this dungeon was considered a beginner dungeon was because the queen never left the tenth floor, allowing for easy training up until the very last floor.
Although the queen snarler was a B class mana beast, a large party of E class adventurers was still capable of defeating it.
Which brought another question to mind: Was it normal to have more than one queen in the dungeon? From what I had read, queen species were very territorial, and aggressive to any potential competitors that threatened their den.
Professor Glory didn’t really think much of it but I couldn’t help but be bothered by it. This brought me to my last inquiry. How were those two queens so much stronger than they normally should be?
I could understand Professor Glory having a hard time against two B class mana beasts that were considered dungeon bosses, but she shouldn’t be losing. An A-class adventurer was supposed to easily dispose of the kind of queen snarler I had read about.
"Why is that one so much stronger?" Professor Glory got up as she groaned, cleaving a few minions out of her way.
As I fended off waves of snarlers, my attention kept on drawing back to the queen snarler eating its former ally.
"Professor, does this usually happen?" I asked.
"Well, I’ve heard that some species of mana beasts do indulge in cannibalism but I’ve never really seen this particular case. Why now of all times, I have no idea." Shaking her head, she picked up her other sword and made her way towards her opponent.
As the queen snarler finished consuming her fallen comrade, a bizarre change occurred. Its once grey fur turned jet black and the small horn on its forehead that I failed to notice at first curved upwards, growing substantially. The once beady red eyes turned sharp and menacing—almost psychotic—as it began foaming from its mouth as well.
Professor Glory didn’t say anything but I knew that there was a growing sense of doubt in her mind as the beast charged at her. Until now, getting back home safely was considered just a matter of time, but even I couldn’t help but shiver involuntarily from the murderous intent that exuded from the queen.
"Professor! We can’t... keep this up!" Tess shouted hoarsely amidst the growls and hisses of the enemy.
Her condition didn’t look too good and brought to my attention a rather obvious problem we were now facing.
"Everyone! No more fire spells! The entrance of the cave is blocked so our supply of oxygen is limited!" I roared out.
From the burnt pile of corpses accumulating, the air was becoming thick as some of the weaker students began coughing uncontrollably.
The queen and Professor Glory were at a stalemate, with our professor drifting towards the losing side. As I focused on the main battle, I could see that the fighting style of the queen snarler had completely changed. There was no trace of hesitation or sense of self-preservation. Each attack it lashed out at Professor Glory was with the intent to kill without caring for its own body. Usually that should’ve been its downfall, but that unique queen snarler’s black fur was able to absorb most of the damage from our professor’s attacks.
"Arthur... I think... my mana core is beginning to... act up." Tess, who was a few meters behind me, fell to her knees as she began clutching her abdomen.
Damn it.
’Papa! What’s wrong? Are you okay?’ Sylvie’s voice popped in my head.
We ran into a problem, get here as fast as you can and head down the stairs, I responded before focusing back on what was happening here.
Several factors began weighing down on my mind now and I began to feel a sense of nostalgia from my trip to the Dire Tombs. Did I have the power to clear the mountain of rubble blocking the front entrance to the stairs? And even if I did, should I just take Tess and escape by ourselves?
No. Tess would never forgive me if she knew that I left everyone else in here to escape.

Then after opening a way back up, should I stay behind and help Professor Glory kill the mutated queen snarler?
Whatever decision I chose to make, the first thing I had to do was remove this rubble. It was important that I cleared a path back up in one try, since it was obvious the queen wasn’t going to let us all escape.
"Professor, keep the queen busy. I’ll try to open a way out of here for us!" Professor Glory had to work even harder to keep up with the queen since she couldn’t use any fire techniques. After giving me a nod of affirmation, I got to work. Tess wasn’t in any state to help and everyone else was too busy fending off the army of minion snarlers. Lucas had to resort to using heat spells to try and deter the snarlers since oxygen levels were becoming more and more scarce.
I would have to do this by myself. I had to calculate this well. If I were to use a large enough fire spell in this state right now and fail, we were all going to suffocate in here. Water? Ice? There were too little water elemental mana particles in this cave to release anything strong enough to drill a hole through the mountain of rock. The once ice-filled cave was now dry and arid with a thick layer of smoke being produced from some of the burnt snarler corpses.
That left me with wind and earth, or a mixture of both, but even with the level I was right now, I wasn’t confident in being able to produce a powerful enough attack. I thought of maybe using phase two, but with Tess in the condition she was in right now, I had to stay conscious, at least until we got out of this dungeon.
Was there really no other option? As my mind began spinning for possible solutions, I saw Professor Glory receive a pretty large blow to her right arm.
’I’m almost there, Papa! Hold on!’ Sylvie’s voice gave me an idea.
That’s it!
"Curtis! I need your help right now!" I roared across the battlefield.
"Arthur, I don’t think I can afford to—"
"Come, now!" I barked back before he could refute.
Curtis was a bloody, grimy mess, but from the shallow wounds on his body, it was obvious that the blood on him wasn’t his.
"What is it?" He panted heavily. I could tell he was exhausted by the wear on his face and body. His shield was badly dented and his sword was slick with blood, dulled from repeated use.
"Do you think your beast will ability, World Howl, is strong enough to clear the rubble?" I turned his head to snap him back to attention.
"Arthur, I don’t think I have the mana to even go into my first phase." He shook his head hopelessly.
"Just answer the question. Is it strong enough?"
"Y-Yeah, if I had enough mana, I could potentially produce a blast bigger than the one in the mock team battle where you, um, got injured." He scratched his head, confused by where I was going with this.
I thought about maybe directing the blast at the queen snarler but even if it were strong enough to kill it, it would be impossible to accurately catch only the queen and not Professor Glory. It was safer to just go with this plan.
"Okay. I want you to not question what I’m about to do. Just focus on going into your first phase and producing a blast strong enough to clear that mountain of rubble. Got it?" The amount of urgency and authority must have gotten through to Curtis because he just nodded and turned around.
Taking off my seal and putting it in my dimension ring, I made sure to control the amount fluctuation in the mana as to not tip anyone off. Everyone was occupied with the snarlers but if I didn’t control the mana release like Professor Glory did after she released her seal, I would draw attention from the queen snarler.
Feeling the untapped pool of mana that I now had access to, I placed both my hands on Curtis’ back.
From the amount of mana I willed into Curtis, the prince involuntarily dropped to one knee before he was able to adjust his body to the sudden bombardment of mana.
Mana transference had been studied for many years according to professors and many of the books in the library, but it was a hopeless cause for them. They believed that if a mage had the fire attribute, receiving mana from another fire attribute mage should be possible, but after countless tests and failures, they deemed it implausible; the reason being that even if someone was specialized, the mana inside their bodies weren’t purely of just that element. Hypothetically, if someone was able to condense and refine their core to the highest sense, then they could transfer mana with another person core of that same level and element. Other than that, it would be impossible. Except for me.

The fact that I was able to manipulate all four elements allowed me to adjust and mimic and input the types of mana and the ratio of each element of the person I was transferring to. It was sort of like what I did for my sister and Lilia when teaching them mana manipulation in their bodies but on a much bigger scale. Of course I hadn’t perfectly mastered this so it was inevitable that I’d be wasting a lot of mana, but this was our best bet.
As I began slowly controlling and limiting the amount of each elemental mana particles I transmitted to Curtis, I couldn’t help but grit my teeth in self-deprecation at the turn of events.
There were so many small signs that I chose to ignore, thinking that it would work out fine, and that I could handle it. Was I treating this life I had right now for granted? Being fortunate enough to have this amount of power at my age definitely made me lose my past sense of rationality to a degree.
No longer a king, tied down by rules and politics as well as my own physical capabilities, I’d become careless. In this world, the limits to my potential were boundless. Reaching white stage or even further wasn’t a dream but a matter of time and effort.
The thing that appalled me the most and what I hated to admit was that I was, in a sense, a bit like Lucas. I was nowhere near as much of a jerk as him and I had people I actually cared for besides myself, but I was becoming arrogant; arrogant to the extent of carelessness.
"I-I don’t know what you just did, Arthur, but I feel great. I think I’ll be able to go into my first phase!" the prince exclaimed, bringing me back to reality. I sensed the change his body was going through as he began to transition into his first phase.
Mana fluctuated erratically around him as he released his beast will. I jerked my hands back in pain as Curtis released his first phase. Confused, I tried transferring mana to him again but the rejection from his body was even stronger than the first time.
Did the mana from his beast will reject my mana?
Before I had the chance to try again, Curtis began gathering mana for his World Howl technique.
He crouched, lowering his center of gravity to withstand the recoil of the spell, the mana from both his body and the atmosphere gathered in front of his open jaw.
During this time, I rushed to where Tess was curled behind the front line and scooped her up. Getting Tess out of here was first priority. I was partly to blame for this mess. I should’ve done a better job in preventing something like this from happening in the first place.
With a beastly roar, Curtis unleashed his powerful breath attack, but the mutated queen must’ve sensed that something was wrong because it immediately changed its target from the wounded Professor Glory to Curtis.
"Oh no you don’t!" Bellowing at the top of her lungs, Professor Glory leaped up and grappled the mutated queen in flight, hoping to deter it from reaching Curtis.
With a thundering explosion, Curtis’ spell blasted a large hole through the rubble, clearing a path to the now visible stairway entrance back to the surface.
"Everyone, head to the stairs!" I roared through the sound of rocks falling and snarlers growling.
"Go now!" Professor Glory shouted as well as she struggled to hold her own against the queen snarler.
The exhausted class made one final push towards the entrance as Professor Glory held the queen at bay, the wall of snarler corpses obstructing the ones alive for a brief moment.
"Claire, I’m trusting Tess to you." I handed Tess to Claire, who seemed to be in the best shape right now.
"You’re not planning on staying, are you? You can’t be serious. As your commanding leader in the disciplinary committee, I forbid—"
"Just go..." With the limited amount of time we had, I released a sharp killing intent to get my point across, making her flinch backwards in surprise.
Helping the drained Curtis back to his feet, I pushed both of my disciplinary committee teammates toward the front entrance of the cave before turning back to where Professor Glory was fighting.
"Why the hell did you come back, Arthur?!" I could almost feel the amount of frustration in my professor’s voice as she snapped at me through gritted teeth.

"We’re going to need both of us to kill this thing." Taking Dawn’s Ballad back out from my dimension ring, I unsheathed it.
"You better hope this thing kills me because you’re going to regret not following my orders," she responded, blocking a blow from the queen’s sharp claws.
"Hey, I’m a professor too, remember?" I gave her a weary smile before making a sharp swing with my blade.
"You’re too smart for your own good, Arthur." She smiled back while shaking her head. The situation didn’t seem too good as the mana transference had made me use most of my mana. If it weren’t for mana rotation, I probably would’ve gotten backlash already.
While battling the queen and keeping her busy enough so the rest of the class could get out safely, I noticed that the last one here was Lucas. Our eyes locked for a brief moment before he turned his head back and disappeared into the entrance.
I could’ve sworn I saw him snort before he turned away.
As the fight continued, I managed to sever one of the queen’s wings so it wasn’t capable of flight any longer, but its thick fur was preventing us from doing anything more than giving it shallow wounds. This mutated queen, standing almost ten feet tall on its hind legs, was filled with wounds from both Professor Glory and I, but it didn’t seem to bother it at all.
"I don’t think we can kill this thing!" I shouted to Professor Glory, who was on the other side of the queen snarler.
"We’ll need to at least bind it somehow so we can escape. I don’t think the queen will follow us out of the dungeon!" she responded as the queen howled in anger.
"I need you to keep it busy for five seconds, Professor." I repositioned myself so Professor Glory was in view.
"Okay." She didn’t question what I was about to do as she unleashed another burst of mana out of her core.
As Professor Glory leaped toward the mutated queen, I put my sheath back into my dimension ring and grasped my sword with both hands. With the seal gone, I used the last of my mana to will lightning into Dawn’s Ballad.
Without mana to strengthen and empower my movement, my dash toward the queen snarler felt like a crawl.
"Move!" At my signal, Professor Glory leaped out of the way as I stabbed my sword into an already existing wound that I had managed to inflict just earlier between its shoulder blades.
The crackle of electricity prying its way in through the seam caused the queen to erupt into a high-pitched shriek as she began to spasm.
"Let’s go!" Without even being able to pull my sword back out from the queen snarler, Professor Glory grabbed me by my waist and carried me toward the front entrance.
As the hordes of minions got in our way, Professor Glory slashed through until we reached the front entrance.
Suddenly, a dark shadow passed over us. "H-How?" Professor Glory could only gasp as both of us looked up. The queen, with my sword still embedded in its spine, somehow recovered enough to make one desperate leap to keep us from escaping.
"Hurry!" I was currently dangling on top of my professor’s shoulder as I tried to snap her out of her shock. With the mutated queen snarler almost upon us, we barely managed to avoid its sharp claws before she landed hard on the ground.
Without the luxury to even look back, we made our way past the minions and into the hall when I spotted the mutated queen crawling her way toward us. I guess my last attack did some damage because it wasn’t freely mobile—instead, it awkwardly limped toward us, using its claws to drag its body.
Reaching the end of the hall where the stairs began to ascend, I noticed something odd about the queen snarler that was just a couple meters away from us.
Every bit of that mutated queen was odd, but this was different. As it reached closer and closer to the top of the staircase, where we were, its face and body began pulsating. Tumors began growing sporadically in random parts of its body and face.
Don’t tell me...
Before I was even able to finish my thought, the queen burst apart in an explosion of guts, blood, and shards of exoskeleton.
Before Professor Glory could even turn around, the force of the explosion pushed her forward, and she lost her grip on me.
As if that wasn’t bad enough, the explosion caused by the queen opened up a large hole beneath it.
"Arthur!" Through gritted teeth, I heard my professor’s desperate cry as she reached her hand out for me, but it was too late. I could feel myself growing weaker from the force of the queen’s last desperate attempt.
"Save Tess!" I called back out weakly before using the last bit of mana I’d been gathering for the short amount of time to augment my body.





After what seemed like hours of falling while being knocked between various rocks that fell along with me from the explosion, I spread my arms and legs, desperately trying to find anything to grab to stop myself from becoming a splatter mark on the ground. The speed at which I was dropping kept me from stabilizing myself on my own, but fortunately, my right hand was able to latch onto a jutted tree root. Unfortunately, that was also the arm that had been dislocated not too long ago so the sudden jolt sent a sharp pain up my arm that made me wish I’d just fallen flat on the ground instead.
Dangling helplessly by my right arm that felt as if it were going to rip off at any moment, I desperately sent Sylvie a mental transmission.
Sylv. Are you there? I fell quite a bit aways but I’m still okay. Do you sense where I am?
I waited for a minute but there was no response—I couldn’t even sense my bond. I immediately began worrying that something had happened to her, but with the queen snarler dead and the rest trapped inside the dungeon, it was unlikely. It was more reasonable to conclude that I was either too far down, or that this area was warded off and sealed from the outside, or more accurately, the surface.
By the extent of my drop, I doubted I was on any of the immediate floors below it, causing me to wonder if the explosion had unveiled a hidden passage to some room somewhere inside the dungeon.
Thinking back on the explosion caused by the mutated queen snarler, I couldn’t help but think how odd it had been. The blast was large, but I got the feeling that the explosion wasn’t meant to kill whoever was near it. If that were the case, my body, along with Professor Glory’s, would be in a much worse state than it was now.
"Ugh," I groaned as I continued hanging off my limp arm, feeling myself lose grip. I let out a couple quick breaths to ready myself before I used the remaining strength in my right arm to pull myself up just enough for my left arm to take its place.
Through gritted teeth, I resisted the temptation to just let go and leave it up to God or the gods or any gods, whatever they worshiped in this world, if any.
After a quick assessment of my body’s condition, which was in fairly good shape besides my right shoulder, I tried to survey my surroundings, except all I could see was darkness. It wasn’t as simple as it simply being dark; it was pitch black. That feeling of when you shut your eyes so hard that it seems like different lights were oozing around in your vision or that feeling where no matter how hard you squinted, your eyes couldn’t adjust—that was what I was feeling right now.
As I activated my mana rotation, I dispersed the mana I had covering my body to only my left arm. I had to use this "break time" to gather as much mana I could. Augmenting what little mana I had into my eyes in hopes to see something, I was rewarded with only darkness.
I’m not blind... am I? I couldn’t help but think to myself as I augmented my eyes again.
Just to comfort my needless worry, I break one of the most basic rules in situations like this. I produced a small fire on the tip of my right index finger.
Looking at the warm red and orange flicker of fire on my fingertip, I breathed in relief before extinguishing the flame.
While vision was an important thing, the last thing I wanted to do in a dark place like this was draw attention to myself. Now that the enemies here, if any, knew of my location, I needed to move.
Since I couldn’t see, I used wind to sense the type of space I was in right now. I had no idea how narrow or wide this hole that I was in was, but I assumed it wasn’t too wide since I hit quite a few objects along the way while falling.
Sending out short, soft bursts of wind, equidistant, around me, I figure out that this ditch, for a lack of better words, had a diameter of about 10 meters. The scary part, however, was that I couldn’t even sense how far down I was and how much further I had to go down until I had a floor to walk on.
What I had to decide now was whether to try and climb back up or make my way down. By how much I fell and all of the other debris that fell down along with me, chances were that the opening at the top would already be covered. With Sylvie not answering from outside, I had no way of knowing if she could open up an exit for me.
That only leaves me with going down.
I sighed.
No matter how rational and level headed I was, I couldn’t help but feel a bit anxious in this situation. More so than the immediate dangers in front of me, a situation like this, where I couldn’t see anything or even sense any life forms, made me more edgy. In the case where the army of snarlers was in front of us, I knew what I had to do and I could think of how to deal with it. Right now, I could neither imagine nor predict what might happen in the next couple of seconds, making me all the more tense.
Augmenting both my hands with earth attribute mana, I’m able to bury my hand into the side of the giant abyss-like hole, creating a handhold for myself. I positioned myself flat against the side with both my hands dug into the wall to keep myself from falling.
In a steady motion, I pulled my augmented hands out of the side of the wall and allow myself to fall before I clawed my hands into the wall again to stop. The amount of stress it put on my arms made me cringe every time but this would be the fastest way to make my way down.
Gripping, letting go, gripping, letting go, gripping, letting go. I had to keep my body flat so I don’t start falling away from the wall. I also couldn’t wait too long before I had to grip the wall again because it would be a lot more dangerous to try and slow down after picking up too much speed.

I let out pulses of wind every now and then to try and see how much farther I had to go down. Even after around 3 hours of gripping and letting go, according to my internal clock, I had yet to sense a floor anywhere close beneath me.
How deep is this fucking hole? Without even the luxury to vent my frustration aloud, I was left to rant inside my head using words even the most vulgar of adults would find inappropriate.
I knew that everyone warned adventurers about the dangers and unpredictability of dungeons but both the Dire Tombs and even this supposedly low-level dungeon had proven to cause me more trouble than the times I adventured with Jasmine without the use of magic.
I mean, what were the chances that the one time I go to a D class dungeon supposedly filled with E class monsters, a freaking army decides to welcome us on the first floor?
The minion snarlers hadn’t even been that bad, to be honest. We were stupid for using so much fire magic when we had no ventilation but I had handled most of them without even using mana.
That mutated queen had been the problem. How the hell did she get so strong? Was it because she ate the other queen? Was it even possible to just get instant power-ups like that?
As I continued debriefing to myself the events that occurred earlier, I kept gripping and letting go of the stone wall, falling down further into who knows where I was now.
I let go of the wall and fell down, timing myself before burying my augmented hands into the wall again. However, unlike before, my hand wouldn’t go inside.
"What the..."
I desperately tried clawing at the wall but even with the augmentation in my hand, I wasn’t able to make even a scratch into the wall.
The surface of the wall was different now. It was smooth—too smooth to be natural.
I was picking up speed as I persistently tried to bury my fingers into the wall, hopelessly.
This isn’t working.
Careful to make as little noise as possible while I continued falling, I rhythmically let out pulses of wind around me, as a sort of makeshift echolocation. Through sending out faint pulses and measuring how long it took before it hit a surface, I could locate, in my head, potential footholds and handholds to make my way down.
Easier said than done. The theory worked great in my head but trying it without practice proved harder than I imagined. There were few handholds I could try and hang myself from but my makeshift echolocation technique wasn’t as accurate as I wished it would be.
I ended up narrowly missing a lot of the potential supports and it just became harder as I picked up speed.
Fortunately, I still didn’t sense the floor anywhere close to me so I had time, but if I fell down any faster, even if I could grab onto a support, I wasn’t sure if my arms would be able to take the stress from the abrupt stop.
As I continue fumbling my arms against the wall to search for anything that may slow down or stop my fall, I was finally able to sense the ground.
Damn it... This isn’t good.
I had about 200 meters before my body became a puddle on the ground. That left me with about... six seconds?
Damn it all.
Turning around so that the wall was to my back, I gathered all the mana I saved up ’til now. It would take about 4 seconds to focus enough mana into the spell.
Wind Bullet. Stretching my arms out in front of me, I unleash a barrage of fist-sized bullets of compressed air to the other side of this giant hole I was in.
If I could create enough force to push myself back against the wall, I would be able to slow down enough to survive the fall. I no longer cared about keeping noise to a minimum.

The air bullets boomed as they collided into the wall about 10 meters away from me, My body pressed harder and harder against the wall behind me from the recoil of the spell, and I couldn’t do anything besides grit my teeth as I felt the back of my uniform and my skin burning off due to the friction.
I could feel myself approaching the backlash stage but I just desperately let out all of the mana I could muster up while using mana rotation. As the air bullets continued colliding against the other side, pushing me back harder and harder into the smooth wall, I approached the ground.
50 meters...
40 meters...
20 meters...
I see a faint light!
10 meters...
5 meters...
"AAHH!!" I felt myself slowing down as the burning pain coursing through my back became numb.
Two meters before I reached the ground. I let out one last, large pulse of compressed air straight below me.
My eyes bulged and the only sound I could make was a painful cough as I met the ground, a jolt shooting straight up my body.
I rolled forward as soon as I could, trying to spread out the pressure as much as possible, but it wasn’t enough.
Head spinning, I struggled to stay conscious as my vision blurred.
My vision!
As I lifted my head up from the ground, faint lights illuminated the area, allowing my blurring vision to get a sense of where I was. I seemed to be in a passageway of some sort, with small lights along the sides. Further down the hall came a brighter source of light.
"Wh-Who’s there?" a female voice echoed.
When I open my mouth, only coughs came out.
I tried answering the frightened voice but again, my voice failed me.
"Please... I need help," she murmured.
Again, nothing came out as my vision continued to fade in and out. I tried getting up but utterly failed.
"...Hold....on." My voice came out raspy and weak but she heard me.
I heard harsh, forced breaths from her before she replied with a weak, "Okay."
Sylvia’s dragon will was working wonders as I felt my body healing itself. My back was scorching from sliding down the wall and my legs felt like they’d been torn apart and taped back together, but I was able to stand up within thirty minutes.

Looking around to where I landed, I couldn’t help but shake my head at the complete darkness that loomed above me from where I came from. Around me were shattered stones and, I think, a limb of the queen snarler that exploded. Near the limb though, my eyes noticed a reflection coming from under a pile of rubble.
Making my way there slowly, a smile crept up on my face as I realized what it was. My sword! Good old Dawn’s Ballad was soon retrieved and safely back inside my dimension ring after digging it up and pulling it out of the shallow pile of rocks on top of it. I put the torn limb of the mutated queen snarler inside my dimension ring as well, hoping to study it if I ever made it back up.
Thinking optimistically, I realized I wasn’t in too bad of a shape. I managed to slow myself down enough so I didn’t have any broken bones. The shock went through the spine and rattled my brain, making me almost lose consciousness but considering the circumstances, I felt like it could’ve been a lot worse. My mana was now beginning to recover and with my legs functioning, I made my way to the voice that seemed to have gone silent.
"Hello?" I walked through the passageway, using the wall as support.
"I’m... here." The voice seemed even weaker than it had been half an hour ago.
Making my way towards the growing light at the end of the hall, I called out to her again.
As I reached the end of the tunnel, my vision took a few seconds to adjust from the change in brightness after being accustomed to utter darkness for so long.
"This... cough... way."
"..."
Before I could respond, I almost fell back as I stumbled in horror from what I witnessed.
The warzone created by the hundreds of snarler bodies scattered and piled on top of each other seemed like it was from a children’s picture book compared to the scene that I couldn’t seem to peel my eyes away from.
Corpses. Corpses of humans, elves, and dwarves lay dead and some in pieces around the cavern that would’ve been considered beautiful otherwise.
The once green grass-like moss spread over the ground was dyed red while the stream crossing through the cavern had floating bodies with blood spreading around them.
There were around forty-fifty corpses spread out in the cavern with their weapons next to them. The damage done to their bodies revealed torture as some had their limbs torn apart and others had cuts all over their beheaded bodies.
I heard her cough again. "Are you... still there?" The weak voice came from my left.
"I can’t see... oh..." My heart dropped and I couldn’t even finish.
The woman that was lying against the wall of the cavern was probably in a worse state than the carcasses spread around, split apart.
The woman, an elf, it seemed, had most of her limbs torn off. Where her right arm and both legs should’ve been were holes, cruelly sealed by burning the wounds. Her eyes were gone as dried blood that streamed down from where her eyes were stained her cheeks. In the woman’s abdomen, right where her mana core was, a sleek black spike was impaled through her and once again, sealed.
"You... How?" I dropped to my knees in front of her as I inspected her. Looking at her carefully, I felt like I’d seen her somewhere. I couldn’t quite put my finger on it but I recognized her face. Where did I...
The Six Lances... The Six Lances! She was one of the six strongest mages in all of Dicathen, chosen to represent the Continent.
"You’re one of the six lances!" I couldn’t help but sputter out.
"Indeed I am..." She let out a ragged sigh.
"As for how... If you’re asking me how I’m still alive in this state, it’s because he left me alive." Her eyebrows furrowed and the dried blood crusted in between her eyelids crumbled, letting out a faint stream of fresh blood from where her eyes once were.
"He?" I felt like I was asking stupid questions but I was so lost.
"Yes, he. He called himself Vritra." With her left hand, the only limb she had left, she slowly reached for something behind her and pulled it out.
Inside her hand was a sleek black stone fragment of some sort. As I squinted my eyes and analyzed it, I was suddenly reminded of my time with Sylvia.
As the memory clicked and the pieces were put together in my head, my hand squeezed tightly around the black shard as my whole body shook from anger.
I remembered why this black stone looked so familiar.
It was part of the horn of one of the black-horned demons that Sylvia first disguised herself as, and also the very species that killed her.





"Can I keep this?" I asked before realizing that my palm had been bleeding from grasping the shard of the horn too hard.
The elven woman, despite her condition, let out a hoarse chuckle after my question, catching me by surprise. Raising an eyebrow, I couldn’t help but wonder what was going through her mind and how admirable she was for her ability to still laugh considering her situation.
"You’re looking at me as if I’ve gone insane," she said as she struggled to turn her head toward the sound of my voice.
"No, not insane. Admirable, if anything," I replied.
"You’re a weird one too, asking a dying soldier if you can keep something like that. Keep it. It won’t hold any value to me anyway." She let out a sigh and suddenly, her face looked as if it had aged twenty years by the grave expression she wore.
"I don’t even know your name, kid, but I’m going to die soon. There’s no need to try and be sensitive about that fact." The elven warrior let out a ragged breath but her expression remained firm.
"My name is Arthur, and... yeah. Unfortunately, there doesn’t seem to be any way for me to save you." I put the black shard inside my dimension ring. "I’m sorry."
"I guess it just wasn’t meant to be then. Since I don’t have a lot of time, I’ll tell you as much as I know." My chest felt heavy as she so easily casted aside her hopes and accepted her fate.
"My name is Alea Triscan, as you figured out. I am one of the of the six lances and the corpses that you probably spotted upon your arrival were my troops. Each lance was in charge of a battalion composed of top mages." She let out another heavy sigh, and for once, I was glad she wasn’t able to witness the gruesome slaughter that’d turned this once beautiful place into a grave of mangled corpses.
"After the commencement of the six lances a few months ago, I had been training them to work as a team to clear dungeons and other unknown areas. The six lances rarely go on missions together, unless we are to explore an S class dungeon or above," she continued after pausing for a gulp of air.
"From the direction of your footsteps earlier, it seemed you came in from a different entrance. This place is actually connected to three dungeons. Which dungeon did you come from, Arthur?" Alea wiggled her body, struggling to prop herself up against the wall.
"I came with my classmates and professor from the Widow’s Crypt. Everyone else was able to make it back out, but I guess I wasn’t so lucky." I took a seat against the wall next to Alea as I surveyed the carnage displayed before me. I was able to vaguely imagine what’d happened by how the bodies were positioned and where they had sustained their fatal injuries.
"I’m not sure how old you are, Arthur, but no one should have to see something like this," Alea whispered, her voice laced with remorse.
"My age probably won’t correlate too well in regards to situations like this, but you are right. No one, regardless of age, should have to see something like this."
Her breathing became more ragged and sporadic but she held on.
"My troops and I came from an A class dungeon named Hell’s Jaw. We were assigned to investigate the dungeon after getting reports of inconsistent sightings inside. The adventurers that had come back alive were ones who frequented the dungeon for training. The ones that made it back were barely alive and they all spoke about how the beasts residing within suddenly became stronger and fiercer. Was that the case for the dungeon you came from as well?" Alea asked, her words coming out slower than before.
"Yes. Just on the first floor, an army of minion snarlers welcomed us. The minions weren’t bad but two queen snarlers showed up. One of the queens, after eating the other queen, turned from gray to black and its strength jumped a few fold. I suspected this was the cause."

"What do you mean you suspected?! Are you saying you’ve seen that demon before?" Alea’s limp body suddenly sprang up as her head turned back toward me, shock evident in her voice.
"I’m not sure if it’s the same one, but yes," I responded frankly.
"The same one? You think there’s more than one?" Alea’s already pale face drained to an even whiter color.
"I don’t have definite proof, but I suspect that the one you saw, Vritra, is just one of the horned demons out there somewhere," I replied, recalling that night where I had gotten separated from Sylvia. The black demon with its horns curving downwards said something about causing them trouble. It was just speculation, but I suspected that there were probably more of them.
My mind began to spin as I pondered over the different possibilities and reasons as to why they were doing this. Was this all for Sylvie or some greater cause?
I remembered when Sylvia had given the stone to me that I had to protect it at all costs. That "stone" turned out to be an egg, and of a dragon no less. Was Sylvie such an important existence that the horned demons had to go this far for?
"What... are you thinking of, Arthur?" Alea let out a strained cough as fresh blood escaped from the sealed wound where her mana core once was.
I always found it intriguing that, while beast cores were capable of being harvested and used as tools to enhance mana, human mana cores weren’t. When a mage died, their mana core shattered and the mana accumulated inside dispersed. Was it because we gathered mana from the atmosphere that this happened?
There seemed to be a deeper meaning when I thought of how humans didn’t need their mana cores in order to survive, while our mana cores were dependent on us being alive. This world seemed to revolve around whether you were a mage or not, and if you were, how strong you were. I couldn’t help but think that the God of this world wanted to tell us that life was more important than magic, which should be an obvious statement, but a statement which the people of this world seemed to have forgotten.
Before I lost myself deeper into the aspect of a higher being, Alea’s ragged coughing snapped me back to reality.
"Are you okay?" That was a dumb question. Of course she isn’t okay.
"When my team reached the first floor of Hell’s Jaw, there was nothing off about it; the mana beasts were the same ones that were recorded. It was when we reached the final floor where the master of the dungeon made its den. The Hades Serpent, which was an AA class mana beast, should’ve been something I could’ve beaten myself fairly easily." There was no trace of boasting or overconfidence in her tone. It was just a fact to her.
"The Hades Serpent, which was known for the blue fire spouting along its long spine, looked different. At first, we were confused because it didn’t look like it had any flames at all, but when we looked closer, the reason we couldn’t see the flames against the black walls of the cave was because the flames themselves were black.
"It looked like thick smoke flickering wildly along the spine of the hundred-foot serpent. That particular Hades Serpent also had a black horn jutting out of its forehead while its scales, which were recorded as being a matte grey color, were a sleek black..." Taking a deep breath, I noticed Alea shivering.
"The fight was gruesome. I lost five of my men to that Hades Serpent. The fight took several hours but I was able to kill it. When we tried to retrieve the beast core though, it wasn’t there." She broke into another fit of coughs so I ran toward the pond and soaked what was left of my uniform inside. After rinsing it, I allowed the fabric to absorb as much water as it could before walking back to Alea.
"Open your mouth," I instructed.
She hesitated for a moment but she eventually did as she was told. As I gently squeezed my soaked uniform over her mouth, the water trickled into her mouth.

She let out a small yelp in surprise at the cold liquid but soon after, began fiercely gulping down the water. She whispered a small thank you before continuing on with her story.
"Although we were tempted to go back to the surface, we hadn’t managed to figure anything out, so we started searching for clues inside. One of my men used a spell and found that there was a hidden tunnel underneath a thin layer of earth. After crossing the tunnel, we arrived here..." As Alea’s voice trembled at her last words, tears mixed with blood streamed down the closed eyelids where her eyes used to be.
"H-He was here...when we reached this cavern. I still remember the way he looked at us. Those scarlet eyes..." After letting out a trembling breath, she continued.
"My team and I... no one knew what that monster was so we did what our instincts told us to do. We raised our weapons.... that was our first mistake. I can still picture it so clearly. His pale gray skin. His face... it was beastly yet, it looked almost...human. He looked at us and smirked, exposing his sharp fangs. What threw us off was when he talked..." Her voice fell into a whisper.
"Mm," I responded, just to let her know I was still there.
"He wasn’t even surprised to see us there. Vritra, he... that thing, just looked at us before..."
"Before?" I asked, sitting upright.
"He gave us two options." Tears and blood continued to stream down her once beautiful face as she willed herself to finish.
"He looked straight at me, as if he knew instantly that I was the leader, and told me that he’d let me walk out unharmed if I—"she choked back a sob, her only hand clenched white into a fist, "—if I dismembered each of my teammates, one by one, in front of him."
The ridiculous offer would’ve infuriated anyone but looking at the state Alea was in right now, I didn’t have the confidence to say she had made the right decision. Maybe her teammates would’ve wanted her to kill them quickly instead of being tortured the way they were.
"What was the other option?" I asked, gently wrapping my hands over her clenched fist.
"He just... scoffed at us and said ’...or you can try and fight.’" Her blood-mixed tears stained the torn remains of her clothes as she continued to softly cry.
Unable to find the words to comfort her, I just kept my hands wrapped tightly around her fist. Moments trickled by with only the sound of running water and Alea’s silent sobs breaking the deathly silence.
"We didn’t... stand a chance," she whispered, hiccuping.
"I hate to make you relive the scene, but I need as much of the details as possible, Alea." I gently stroked her hand to try and calm her.
"He had one horn in the middle of his forehead... that curved backwards sharply." She tried her best to talk calmly.
"One horn?" So there really was more than one horned demon. Was it a clan? A race?

My heart began beating uncontrollably from just imagining a whole race composed of horned demons; just one of them could wipe out one of the six lances and her team.
"Y-Yes. My strongest single point attack only managed to create a small chip in that horn." Alea seemed like she wanted to ask me something but she continued on, her breath getting shorter.
"He... It ... Vritra was able to use magic—magic that seemed to defy the common sense of any magic I’ve ever seen." Alea’s lips began to quiver.
"What kind of magic did he use?"
"Metal. Black metal. He was able to instantaneously conjure metal spikes, blades, any sort of weapons from the ground and himself. I don’t even know how to describe it properly. It was over too quickly. Half of my team was dead in the first wave of attacks he unleashed with a simple flick of his wrist. When the ones that were still alive attacked him, he didn’t even bother to dodge... plates of black metal instantaneously materialized and blocked whatever attack that managed to get near him."
I felt my face tense as I tried to visualize what Vritra’s, and possibly the powers his whole race, possessed. It seemed to be conjuring but on a completely different level. The way she described it made it seem more akin to manifestation or even creation of a certain phenomena rather than affecting the mana particles that already existed.
How was that even possible though? Were they capable of just skipping steps in the fundamental laws of magic in this world, or were they simply more knowledgeable and able to do this through a special skill?
My head immediately turned toward Alea at the sound of her coughing. It was worse than before. She coughed up blood.
"Vritra... He left after leaving me like this. I’m not sure if he knew someone was going to come, but the last thing he said before going was his name... and that Dicathen was going to become a warzone..." As blood dribbled down the corner of her mouth, she turned her head toward me.
"This may sound preposterous but can you do me a favor?" Alea let out a faint smile, revealing her teeth, stained with blood.
"Sure, anything." I expected her to leave me with an item or message, perhaps for a loved one back home or maybe to her family.
"... hold me?" she mumbled.
I leaned in closer, only hearing the last part. "Sorry. I didn’t quite catch that."
"I always thought that I didn’t need anyone... as long as I was strong enough. I never had a family or lover... to depend on... but you know? I-I really don’t want to die alone right now..." Alea bit her trembling lower lip. "Can you hold me?"
Without saying a word, I gently wrapped my arms around Alea’s fragile neck and waist, leaning her head against my chest.
"I’m scared," she muttered. "I don’t want to die..."
I stayed silent, gritting my teeth as I, again, was unable to find the words to comfort her. Softly patting the back of Alea’s head, I felt her breathing become weaker and weaker, and moments later—she passed away in my arms
---------------------------------
Hello! Author here :)
This concludes the end of Volume 3 of The Beginning After the End.
I originally planned on just releasing the 1st volume of this novel on here but because of many demands, I chose to extend the release.
Unfortunately, I’m going to have to take a hiatus from posting on here for the time being. I’m not sure when I’ll be posting on here again but if you can’t wait, you can either continue reading this novel for free on my website (tbatenovel.com) or for the most edited versions, either on Tapas.io or Amazon.
Thank you for showing this novel so much love!





My teeth were clenched the whole time as I willed a hole in the earth below us. Carefully placing Alea’s cold, lifeless body into the center, I slowly covered her, using her weapon as a makeshift gravestone.
I couldn’t even laugh at the sick irony that this dungeon happened to be named the Widow’s Crypt...
Wordlessly, I spent some time burying each of Alea’s fallen comrades. The once beautiful cave layered with a glossy bed of grass and a pond that glittered like shattered glass now looked like a national landmark of the fallen; the crude mounds of dirt and weapons for grave markers gave this place an eerie ambiance.
After finishing up the makeshift graves, I dragged my not-so-willing legs back to where I buried Alea. Kneeling, I placed my hand on the mound of dirt covering the once famous lance. She was considered the pinnacle of power here, no doubt respected and feared by many. However, to me, she was simply a girl—a lonely girl, regretful of the fact that she never had someone to love and someone to love her back.
As I looked at her in her final moments, a sense of dread dawned on me. She was almost exactly the same as I was from my past life, except she wouldn’t be reborn into a different world. With my immediate reincarnation after my previous life ended, I didn’t have the chance to even reflect on how I had lived. In Alea’s last breaths, she had broken down and sobbed, crying that she didn’t want to die like this.
"Damn it..."
I rubbed my eyes as tears unknowingly began streaming down my face, indignant in her stead at how her life came to an end.
Sending out another mental transmission to Sylvie, I sighed in defeat when I didn’t hear a reply. Slumping back down against the jagged walls Alea and I had leaned against, I recalled everything the fallen lance had informed me of. From the information she was able to gather, there were a couple of speculations I could make.
One, there was more than just one black-horned demon. How many, I wasn’t sure. My only hope was that there wouldn’t be many. If one of them could easily kill a lance or gravely injure a dragon like Sylvia, then I was out of my league.
Two, they were definitely after something. I wasn’t sure what, but my mind kept wandering back to the egg Sylvie had come from that the demon had called a "gem." If they really were after Sylvie, then avoiding them indefinitely wasn’t going to be possible.
Three, there was going to be a war in Dicathen. This continent would be in danger and we definitely weren’t prepared. When the demon told Alea that there would be a war, though, I felt the underlying explanation that the black-horned demons weren’t from this continent. Was the new continent that we just uncovered filled with these demons? I shuddered at that thought. Hopefully that scenario wouldn’t come true.
However, the more I contemplated, the more certain I became that there probably weren’t that many black-horned demons. If there truly was a race filled with super-powered demons, then they would’ve already annihilated this continent with ease instead of sneaking around different dungeons and infecting the beasts. They were obviously uncertain of whether they could take on this whole continent so they were going about it discreetly, at least for now.
What bugged me was trying to figure out when the war would be. There was no marked calendar and no way to guess. Was waiting the only thing I could do... what we could do?

A sharp pain in my hands made me realize how hard I was clenching my fists, leaving me to watch the drops of blood running down my forearm.
What I was slowly learning, and what Alea’s death reinforced, was the realization of how valuable the relationships I had with my families, with Tess, and with my friends, were. What I didn’t have in my past life were loved ones I would give my life to protect. I had that now, but I don’t have the strength to protect them; not for what was about to come.
For the amount of potential I had, I was getting complacent. That needed to change.
I recalled Sylvia’s message for me after she teleported me into Elshire Forest. Her message still rang clearly in my head; her voice echoing that I would hear from her again once my core reached past the white stage.
That was the most certain method I currently knew of to be able to get some reliable answers on what was going on. I was still unable to break from the threshold of dark yellow stage though. After yellow was silver, and then white. I still have a bit to go.
A ferocious roar sounded, echoing off the cavern walls. ’Papa!’
My head perked up as I heard a loud crash soon after from the direction of where I fell. Picking myself up, I dashed towards Sylvie’s voice.stopping in front of a cloud of dust and calling out to her.
I’m here, Sylv, are you okay? I covered my face with my arms as the cloud of dust instantly blew away, revealing my precious bond in her full glory.
My heart thumped in excitement as I saw my dragon come into view.
Sylvie had become even more fearsome than when I saw her at the Dire Tombs. Her scales weren’t glossy anymore like before—instead, they were now a dignified matte black. Her two horns had grown even longer, going past her snout, and another pair of horns protruded underneath them. If she looked crudely fierce back then, the feeling I got now was more akin to awe. She appeared as majestic as she did deadly. The spikes she had running down her back were no longer there and rather, because of that, she seemed more refined. Her gem-like iridescent yellow eyes pierced through me, making me doubt that she was the one who had just called me Papa.
’Papa! You’re okay!’
Distilling all of the bewilderment that had kept me from approaching my bond, she, once again, lifted me up from the ground with the force of her lick.
"Haha! You got bigger again, Sylv!" I beamed a childish smile. Hugging the snout of my dragon, Sylvie let out a deep purr as she rubbed herself against me, and just for a moment, I was able to forget everything I’d just been through.
Lifting me off the ground with her snout, she placed me on her muscular broad back.

’Hold on, Papa! Let’s get out of here.’ With a powerful snap of her wings, a raging gust formed underneath us and we were instantly propelled into the air. For some reason, the sudden force didn’t affect my body as I comfortably rode on the back of my ten-meter long dragon.
During the flight back up, my bond and I caught up on everything that happened while we were separated. She didn’t really understand everything about the demons and the upcoming war but she did get the sense that whatever was about to happen wasn’t good.
’Don’t worry. Whatever happens, I’ll be with you!’ Sylvie’s innocent response left me chuckling.
Like a narration from a children’s book, she announced a bit about what she’d been up to, which was, not surprisingly, fighting beasts and consuming beast cores. I really needed to be there with Sylvie the next time she trained; I was curious as to what she was capable of. Sylvie didn’t really know the distinction between the levels of mana beasts so I was left pondering over how powerful she really was.
’Hmph! I’m really strong!’
"Haha, I know I know." Patting the hard scales on Sylvie’s neck, we soon arrived at the entrance of the dungeon.
As we landed in front of the ruined staircase leading up to the surface, I took a glance back to see the hundreds of minion snarler corpses. Sylvie transformed back into her fox form and leapt on top of my head, taking a couple of spins before perching comfortably in my hair.
Augmenting mana into my body, I lightly jumped from broken stair to broken stair, careful not to collapse the fragile remains of the staircase that was once worn down to an ivory smoothness.
A full moon greeted us as we reached the surface and, as expected, there was no one here. I breathed an outward sigh of relief knowing that everyone else made it back safely to Xyrus.
It’ll be a several hour trek to the nearest teleportation gate so I decided to hurry. However, making sure there wasn’t anyone hiding nearby, I released a pulse of wind around me. Taking out the seal from my dimension ring, I carefully inspected it. As I was about to put it on, an image of Alea flashed into my mind. I took out the black fragment of the demon’s horn—the horn of the demon that killed her.
Instead of putting on the seal, I took a deep breath and put the seal back into my dimension ring.
My stomach tightened and my eyes narrowed as a churning sensation stirred inside me. No more hiding. I had bigger things to worry about now. I couldn’t be bothered with stressing over something like this. This demon horn shard would be my constant reminder of that.
’What’s that, Papa?’ Sylvie’s head popped up as her paw tried reaching for the black shard.
"It’s my goal, Sylvie," I grimaced as determination swelled up in the pit of my stomach. Patting my bond’s furry little head, I began my trip back.

____________________________________________
Needless to say, the guard in charge of the teleportation gate looked fairly startled when he saw me. He must’ve received orders to be on the lookout for me because, as soon as he verified who I was, he hurriedly began making multiple calls using the artifact he had on hand.
Quickly ushering me through the gate, I arrived back at Xyrus feeling a little queasy as Sylvie slumbered on the crown of my head. There was a driver waiting for me on the other side. Giving me a sympathetic smile, he tipped his hat before opening the door for me.
My mind wasn’t completely there as I kept thinking of the future. For the first time in both of my lives, I felt a heavy burden weighing down on me. The pressure of keeping my loved ones safe; I’ve never had that even while I was a king. The weight of a country I had no affection for in my previous life couldn’t compare to the few lives I would give my everything for in this one.
When I reached Helstea Manor, I stopped in front of the giant double doors. Somehow, I couldn’t bring myself to knock on the doors to my own home.
What would my family’s expressions be? It seemed like every time I went out, all I did was worry them.
Taking a seat on the top of the stairs, I just let out a sharp, bitter sigh. Looking up at the night sky, I could see the faint colorations that supposedly signaled the coming of the festival. The sky turning blue, yellow, red and green indicated when the Aurora Constellate would begin. My eyes focused on a solitary cloud, slow-dancing above me without a care in the world. What an envious position to be in.
"Son?"
Lost in my thoughts, I didn’t even hear the door open behind me.
"Hi Dad, I’m back." I gave him a weak smile.
"Why didn’t you come in? We heard from the teleportation gatekeeper that you arrived at Xyrus." My father took a seat next to me when I didn’t respond. "Your mother will be fine, Art," he said warmly, gently patting my back.
"I worried you guys again, didn’t I? It feels like that’s all I’m really good for nowadays," I chortled, knots churning in my chest as I said this.
I turned my head to my father and saw him gazing up at the sky like I had been just moments ago.
"She really loves the Aurora Constellate. Your mother may not seem like it, but she’s strong, Arthur, even more so than me. If you think that all you’ve given us are worries, then you’re wrong. Both you and your sister have given your mother and I so much more than we could’ve hoped for."
"I know that you’re not like the normal children your age; hell, I’ve known that since you were born. I don’t know what sort of destiny you’ll be caught up in, but I don’t think it’ll be anything you can’t handle." The skin around his eyes wrinkled as he gave me a reassuring smile.
I stayed silent, unable to form the right words.
"What I don’t want you to do is feel like you’re being a burden on us. All of this guilt that you’re feeling right now, the weight that you’re probably feeling—I want you to come to us so that we can be there for you. I don’t ever want you to feel like you can’t come home, that you aren’t welcome. As long as you have the use of your two legs, I expect you to come home whenever you can and let us love you. That is our right as your parents. Okay?" My father ran his fingers through his trim, auburn hair in a gesture that revealed how he wasn’t used to saying things like this. And just like that, the weight I felt accumulating inside slowly dispersed.
"Got it, Dad." I managed a more sincere smile this time and he responded with his signature foolish grin.
"Come on, let’s go home. Once inside, a more ferocious beast than anything you’ve ever faced awaits," my father whispered darkly before both of us broke out into a fit of laughter.





When we stepped inside the house, the temperature seemed to have suddenly dropped. In contrast to the icy atmosphere, though, my mother’s fiery gaze pierced down at me from the top of the stairs, the corners of her eyes struggling to keep her tears from rolling down her cheeks.
"Hello, Mother, I’m... back?" Cold sweat permeated through my pores as a pressure akin to an S class mana beast weighed down on my very soul.
I had to admit, I wasn’t looking so sharp. My body was a canvas of nicks and scratches and my hair probably looked like it had been struck by lightning repeatedly, as if one strike wasn’t to its satisfaction. The entire back of my uniform was nonexistent from when it was sandpapered away as I fell down the hole.
"Arthur Leywin..." My mother’s voice dripped with frost.
Before she had the chance to say anything more, a familiar voice instantly broke the tension in the room.
"BROTHHERRR!" My baby sister bolted down the stairs past Mother, stumbling on the way down, and took a leap into my chest, her arms immediately clinging around me with the strength of a python on steroids.
"Erk! E-Ellie, it hurts..." my voice came out raspy as I gently patted my sister’s head.
"A teacher came and said you... you were lost," Ellie managed in between sniffles.
My sister rubbed her face against my chest while attempting her almost incoherent string of words, as if wanting to burrow herself inside me.
Sylvie had stirred awake at this point. With her ears drooping down, she consolingly licked my sister’s cheek.
"I know... I’m sorry for worrying you guys...again." I looked up at my mother as I said this, my voice dropping to almost a whisper.
I could tell by her expression that she was torn between whether to scold me or just be happy.
Maybe she would do both.
My father took this chance to walk over to my mother and gently lead her down the stairs, comforting her.
"There’s a time to be angry, Honey, but now isn’t the time. Look, it’s your son. He’s back." My father’s soothing voice eased the tension between my mother’s brows. As her expression softened, so did her will.
Breaking down into sobs, she wrapped her arms around me from the side, triggering a chain reaction, thus, causing my sister who was still wrapped around me to begin bawling her eyes out yet again.
My mother’s sobs made her soliloquy almost indiscernible; she seemed to switch between cursing God to thanking him.
"It’s not fair...
"Why is my son the one that keeps getting so hurt?

"Thank God, you’re safe!"
My father and I made eye contact and he gave me a reassuring half-smile while he gently patted my bawling sister and mother, both of whom were angrily thumping me with their trembling fists, crying.
Their fists didn’t particularly hurt but each shaking strike seemed to gnaw away at me; the guilt ate away at my insides, as I stood there, motionless, biting my quivering lower lip.
It took about a good hour before they calmed down; both my sister and mother reduced to a state of heavy panting and constant hiccups.
Somewhere in the middle of our scene, I spotted Lilia’s mother, Tabitha, peeking from upstairs. I could tell she wanted to come down and comfort my mother and sister but before she could, Vincent pulled her back, giving me a meaningful nod.
Eventually, we got ourselves situated in the living room. My sister’s breathing was still erratic to the point of worry, her arms wrapped around Sylvie. My mother was a bit better as her swollen eyes probed for any serious wounds before placing a gentle hand on my chest.
"... And let Heaven and Earth heal." As she ended her chant, a soft white glow enveloped my body.
Almost immediately, I felt a soothing warmth covering every wound, even the ones I didn’t know I had.
As the healing glow dissipated along with my injuries, I looked at my mother’s concentrated face.
I wanted to ask.
Why could she use her healing powers now?
How was she able to heal Dad when he had been struck by the mage on the way to Xyrus? I still remembered her desperately healing my father as he ordered me to take my mother and run. That was before I’d fallen off the cliff.
But I bit my tongue and forced a smile. My father was right; I should wait for her to tell me first.
My mother let out a sigh before taking her hand off my chest. She stared at me, and gave me one more firm, wordless hug.
We eventually began talking about what happened. My father took a brief moment to tell me how Professor Glory had visited and told them what had happened to me before she had to hurry back. All the while, my sister sat wordlessly on the couch, curled up with Sylvie, as she seemingly stared at a particular spot on the ground in front of her.
On my end, I tried not to make a big deal of what transpired for the sake of my mother. I skimmed over the fight with the minion crawlers, telling them how there was just a bit more than we expected.
Both my parents gave me a face that told me they didn’t believe it was that simple. They knew me too well.
How much was I supposed to tell them?
My mind lingered towards the fragment of the demon’s horn that floated inside the dimension ring I was twisting with my thumb.

The scene flashed through with such clarity, as if plastered to my brain. The dismembered corpses... The river of blood... Alea...
Taking a deep breath, I told them the full story. All of it...
...at least, until where I landed.
I never understood why those old stiffs from the Council in my previous world used to say ’ignorance is bliss’ ...until now.
Nothing good would come out of knowing everything I witnessed at the bottom of that dungeon earlier today.
My mother’s hoarse voice broke the silence that followed after my story.
"When Professor Glory came in yesterday during the middle of the night, she was wounded and tired, but from her expression, I knew she wasn’t even thinking about that."
"She said that you stayed behind with her to save the class. She told me you were a hero. But you know what? I didn’t care." Her voice barely made it to a whisper as she trembled slightly.
"More so than some hero, I just wanted my son to come home without being half-dead every time. What if one of these days..." My mother couldn’t finish her sentence as tears began streaming down her face once more.
"Art, you’re only twelve, but why does it feel like I’ve almost lost you so many times already?" Her voice choked.
Words failed to form again as I stared blankly at a particular mole on my mother’s arm. How was I supposed to respond? Her question felt like a trap with no right answer.
"Honey, that’s enough." My father reached for Mother’s hand and grasped it tenderly.
I realized that, just like how I was growing, my parents were growing as well. My father’s once immature, haughty side had been molded into a mature and gentle demeanor. He was still the same father that cracked jokes, but he had a layer of depth now that most likely came with raising my sister.
My mother had always been on the mature side but through the years, she’d become a bit more refined. Associating with the Helstea House and with Tabitha and Vincent’s friends had made her more elegant, but right now, she seemed to have reverted back to an earlier age when her emotions weren’t as stable.
I didn’t blame her. I would probably be tempted to lock Ellie indoors if she ever came home even half as wounded as I had earlier today.
The rest of the conversation went by a bit more comfortably. Tabitha and Vincent came down after noticing that things seemed to have settled. I hadn’t seen them in quite a while so after greeting them, we all took some time to catch up.
Soon, Ellie was nodding off to sleep so I carried her to her room, leaving Sylvie with her. Even in her sleep, my sister still sniffled from crying so much. Through the night, she didn’t say a word. I knew that this episode had been pretty traumatic for her. A professor actually visited them, after all, and told them that I was missing. If not for the ring that my mother wore telling her that I, at the very least, had not died, she probably would’ve fainted.
It might actually have been worse for my mother, in this case, to have the ring. All she could do was stare at the ring, waiting for it to notify her that her son had died. What kind of mother would be fine after going through that?
Getting to my room, I slipped out of my tattered uniform and washed up. I planted my face directly against the current of the warm, gushing water, almost wanting it to erase what had occurred earlier in the dungeon. Alea’s last moments kept pounding into my skull, a constant reminder of how weak I was.

The image broke as two short knocks tapped against my door.
"Can I come in?"
"Sure," I replied.
My father entered, closing the door behind him before taking a seat next to me on my bed.
"Arthur, don’t mind too much what your mother said tonight. She may have said she didn’t want a hero but we are both proud of what you did back there in the dungeon. Knowing that my son isn’t someone who would abandon his allies is something I can take absolute pride in."
I always knew when my father was serious because he would call me by my full name instead of my nickname, Art.
"I don’t know what really happened back there in the dungeon and I won’t ask, but just know that I’ll support whatever you decide to do."
I struggled to swallow the knot that formed in my throat upon hearing my father’s last sentence. It was supposed to be a supportive statement but all I felt was a sour taste in my mouth.
Without giving me a chance to respond, my father stood up and ruffled my hair. Opening the door to my room, he turned his head and gave me a goofy grin before walking out.
I didn’t immediately go to sleep when he closed the door behind him. Instead, I sat cross-legged, and began doing something I haven’t done seriously in a long time—train.
____________________________________________
The dark yellow core inside the pit of my sternum had cracks all over it, signaling that I was about to break through soon.
The various noises of the night were drowned out as I keenly focused on the activity going on inside me. Wind, Earth, Fire, Water... these were the basic elemental attributes that mana contained, but that was it; they were merely attributes.
When mana circulated inside the core and throughout the body, it wasn’t distinguished as anything other than simple mana. Like the ki in my old world, it was formless, attributeless, and pure. Over time, mana adapted to its surroundings and formed attributes. For example, near regions in the north where there was much more snow and water, magic pertaining to those elements would obviously become stronger due to the attributes of the mana. The mana, depending on the environment, slowly changed and contained attributes to better exist there.
As mages, we were able to absorb, purify and guide mana with our will into different shapes and forms that we called "spells."
The purer our mana core was, the higher the capability we had in manipulating the existing mana inside us. As to how well one utilized their mana, that would depend on how creative, sharp, and skillful the mage was in battle.
The whole aspect of elements lay in the underlying fact that everyone had elements that they were naturally more sensitive to—being able to manifest and shape that pure, attributeless mana into an element being the cause.
Alea, along with the other Lances, was most likely a white core mage, capable of causing widespread devastation if she truly wished to. Yet, Alea had been so easily defeated and killed by that black-horned demon.
Every pore in my body took part in absorbing the surrounding mana as the mana inside my core swirled fiercely.
I imagined the sound of the outer layer of my core cracking as the bright yellow underneath the crumbling outer shell was revealed.
As I let out a deep breath, I stood up and opened my eyes to stare deeply at my hands. I willed mana out of my body and it began circulating around me.
Letting out an unsatisfied tch, I sat back down again and began cultivating once more. It took me almost the entire night to break through when I had already been on the brink anyway.
How much more did I have to train in order to even be on par with those demons? If even a white core mage had to give her life to merely chip off a fragment of the demon’s horn, what stage did I have to get to?
What would happen after breaking past the white core stage?





I decided to stay home one more day before heading back to school. I was going to come back next week for the Aurora Constellate, but I guess Mother and Ellie had developed some sort of trauma, that I was going to somehow get hurt every time I left home.
I knew that I had people to inform but I owed it to them to be there.
As a change of pace, I was determined to spend time with my family, namely my mother and sister. Father left at dawn for work after checking up on me so it would just be myself and the girls. Tabitha decided to tag along and after a rather brief discussion; they wanted to go shopping. It was fairly apparent to me that they wouldn’t take no for an answer.
Sigh...
I could at least use that chance to take a detour, after, to Xyrus Academy. I knew that everyone was safe according to what my parents heard from Professor Glory, but I shouldn’t keep them in the dark about what happened to me for an extra day. I was also a bit worried about the condition of Tess’s assimilation.
I lost count of the many places we visited after the umpteenth store but I didn’t dare show my displeasure in front of the girls. While browsing through the stores, I realized how ignorant I was. The fact that the only time I’d visited the shops was a bit after I was first reborn into this world, struck me; this, coupled with the fact that I had no noteworthy equipment besides my sword, made me contemplate getting new equipment. I still remembered the time when I was slung on Mother’s back and got to see all of the small tents filled with merchandise back up in the tiny town of Ashber.
Most of my childhood was spent in the Kingdom of Elenoir, more specifically, inside the castle. Even the previous time I went shopping with the ladies, we went directly to the fashion district so nothing appealed to me. There were some items with protective capabilities from either their material or from runes etched into the inside, but nothing powerful enough to catch my interest.
"Aunt Helstea, are there stores where they sell something that can help me train faster?" I asked while we headed inside a store that exclusively sold scarves.
"Hmm? You mean elixirs? Of course." Tabitha gave me a confused look as if I had asked some sort of trick question.
I’d never used the elixirs here, but if they were anything like the drugs some practitioners used in my old world, then I didn’t want to go anywhere near them.
"There’s actually a small elixir and medicine shop around the corner if you want to go take a look while we shop for some scarves..."
That was all I needed to hear before strategically bolting out the store.
"Thank you! I’ll meet you in front of the store!" I shouted while running out after carefully dropping the bags I was assigned to carry.
"Kyuu!" ’Don’t leave me!’
I saw Sylvie extend a paw out towards me in a desperate attempt to escape Ellie’s firm hold on her but I just gave her a look of condolence before running off.
Your sacrifice will not be in vain, I saluted.
After turning the corner as per instructions, my face crumpled up in bewilderment.
This was a store?!
The corner I turned at led me into a narrow alleyway thugs probably used to mug unsuspecting passersby. At the end of the narrow alleyway was a dingy shack that even rats would find too revolting to live in. The wooden planks that made up the store looked like they had been painted with moss and fungus as a musty, stale air emanated out, drifting towards me. At least it complemented the sickly green weeds creeping out from the bottom of the store as if even they didn’t want to be stuck there.
WINDSOM’S POTIONS AND MEDICINES
I had to tilt my head to read the etched title on the angled sign, which had been barely dangling on a single nail.
Did they really sell potions and medicines there? I would be less surprised if they sold bottled diseases and poisons.

"Spare some change, young lad?" A haggard voice startled me out of my stupefied state.
Beside me sat a pale old man with a hand reached out towards me, palms up.
I immediately took a step back in surprise, instinctively layering my body with mana.
How did I not sense this old man that was almost right next to me?
"You look like you’ve seen a ghost, young lad. I’m but a mere aged man asking for some change." The old man’s face wrinkled as he revealed a pearly white smile that didn’t match his ragged state.
"Ah yeah, sure." I reached in my pocket for a copper coin, using the opportunity to take a closer look at him.
With a thick, uncombed bed of pepper-tinted hair that fell down to his slightly hunched shoulders, he looked up at me with milky eyes. The old man’s wizened face, though, didn’t come off to me as weak and weary, but intelligent and bright, for some reason. I could tell that this man was probably very handsome in his youth, which all the more made me feel a bit disheartened seeing him end up like this.
"Many thanks, young lad." His gnarled hands nimbly grabbed the coin out of my hand with a speed that surprised me.
Between his middle and index fingers was a coin that was silver instead of copper.
Shit! I gave him a silver coin by mistake! That was a hundred copper coins!
"Wait... I meant to give you this..." I reached into my pocket again and when I made sure that this time, the coin in my hand was indeed copper, I looked back up to see that the old man was gone.
"What the f..." I stood there, bewildered for the third time in the last 5 minutes.
My money...
After letting a helpless sigh escape my lips, I took a step forward towards Windsom’s potion shack. I reached for the handle of the wooden door that seemed like it would break upon mere contact when I felt a concentration of mana from the copper doorknob.
Coating my hand in mana, I wrapped my fingers around the knob, preparing to turn it, when a stiff jolt coursed through my hand and up my arm. Thankfully, the mana protecting my hand helped me from pulling away so I forcefully twisted the knob, opening the door.
As soon as the door unlocked, the shock stopped as well. Pushing open the creaking door, I’m welcomed by a breeze of something indescribably horrendous. The stench was so strong that it immediately triggered a stream of coughs from me.
"Oh, a customer! What can I do for you?" a familiar voice welcomed me.
"You!" I couldn’t help but point my finger at him in both anger and confusion. It was the same homeless old man that disappeared after taking my silver coin!
"What brings you in here?" He looked at me with an innocent expression.
I sighed in frustration. "Can I just have my coin back? I need that money to buy some stuff I need... and besides, you said you were homeless." I stuck my hand out towards him.
"No, no... I said I was but a mere aged man. Based on the environment where you met me and by my appearance and demeanor, you assumed I was homeless." He wagged his finger at me in a scolding manner, as if I was the one in the wrong. "How about this, you can pick one item here for free as a thank you for the present," he continued in a magnanimous manner as he twiddled my silver coin between his fingers, mockingly.
My brows twitched in annoyance but I calmed myself down and quickly took a scan around the sorry excuse of a store.
"Are you sure there are even items here worth a silver coin?" My voice came out with a twinge of frustration in it.

"Of course! I don’t give this chance to just anyone, you know. You just have to choose carefully." The old man’s eyes gave off the excited twinkle of a second-rate gambler with a winning hand.
I rubbed my temples to try and calm the boiling rage stirring up inside of me.
The elderly should be respected, Arthur.
The elderly should be respected...
By this time, my nose had become accustomed to the mysterious stench that had the power to drive even the most ferocious mana beasts away. Taking a look through the shelves caked with dust, I became more and more amazed at how this place was still even running.
"Don’t you ever clean this place, old man?" I asked as I slid my finger along one of the shelves. I could probably build a snowman out of dust with the amount collected here.
"Are you asking an aged man like myself to do manual labor?" He gasped sarcastically, putting on a horrified expression.
"Nevermind." I couldn’t help but roll my eyes at this man. I couldn’t gauge him and that made it all the harder for me to trust him.
Making my way past the half-open boxes blocking the path, I went towards the shelves near the back of the store.
While scanning through the various vials and containers filled with either murky liquid or colored pills, I was startled by a figure sitting on the top of the shelf.
Dammit, what was with this place?
I couldn’t sense anything inside here until it was right in front of my nose.
The figure became more apparent as I focused on it; it was an almost pitch black cat. The only part of its body that wasn’t black were the tuffs of white fur in front of its ears, but that wasn’t what caught my attention. It was the cat’s captivating eyes. Eyes that seemed as if it held the universe inside them. They looked like mirrored night skies with bright twinkling stars sprinkled inside them, with white, vertical slitted pupils glowing like a crescent moons.
As I stayed fixated on the cat’s bewitching eyes, the cat peered back down at me from the top of the shelf with a sense of obvious superiority before it turned back and walked away.
Shaking my head, I focused back on the various bottles and containers when a small black box catches my attention.
Picking up the plain box, roughly about the size of something you would use to store small jewelry, I tried to open it. With a small click, the hinge came undone to reveal a small ring inside it. I brought the ring closer to my face when the ’gem’ embedded into the ring suddenly squirted something out towards me.
Instantly, I whipped my head to the side so the stream of clear liquid missed and landed behind me.
It was water.
"Tch... you dodged it." I turned my head back to see the old man grumbling while still fiddling with my silver coin.
"..."
At this point, I felt like if I stayed any longer, I would lose my sanity. First, the shocking doorknob... now, this squirting ring. This old man sure loved his pranks... even his cat looked down on me.
But I was determined. If I could get anything inside this store for free, I was going to get the most valuable item inside this store.
I must’ve spent at least an hour inside, just combing through elixirs that I didn’t need. Why would a twelve-year-old need an elixir for hair growth?

"Kyu!" ’Papa! I’m here!’
A white blur whizzed past the door that was left open and landed on my head.
"Kuu!" ’Papa, you left me!’ Sylvie puffed while smacking my forehead with her paw.
You survived, comrade! I smiled, rubbing her tiny head.
"Old man, I can’t find anything I..." I began to say but the expression the old man had on his face made me stop. He was the one that looked like he saw ghost this time because his already pale face became whiter. His milky eyes that sagged down from old age looked like full moons, his expression stricken.
"We finally found..."
"You okay, old man?" I waved my hand in front of him. The shop owner shook his head and let out a cough.
"Yes, I’m quite alright." His voice quivered a bit, confusing me.
"Anyway, old man, I can’t find anything worth taking back with me. Can’t you just give me back my money?" I grumbled as I took one last scan through the store.
"You really don’t have an eye for anything." He walked out from behind his counter and strolled to one of the shelves in the front corner of the store.
"Ah, here we are." Without even looking back, he tossed back to me a small ball about the size of a marble. It was layered in dust but when I wiped it clean, it was clear with specks of different colors floating inside it.
"What is this?" I asked as I brought the orb closer to my face to study it, making sure it wouldn’t spray me with water.
"Don’t worry, it’s something you’re going to need. Now scat. Teasing you bores me." He shooed me off.
"Okay, okay." I walked out of the store on my own, taking one last look back at the old shack.
As I strolled out of the narrow alleyway, I spotted the black cat gazing at me and then Sylvie before turning away as if it had lost interest.
Thinking little of it, I reached the intersection out of the alley and turn the corner to see my mother and sister sitting down at a table with Tabitha.
"Hi Brother!" Ellie waved while holding a drink with her other hand.
"Did you find what you were looking for?" Mother asked as she put down her refreshment as well.
"I...think?" I scratched my head. I put the clear orb inside my dimension ring to study it later but I couldn’t help but think that it wasn’t anything special.
"Oh really? That store is considered famous for having quite the variety of elixirs and medicines to help with training. Most of the students in Xyrus go there to shop for training materials." Tabitha got up, picking all of the shopping bags off the floor.
"What? That shabby old place?" I replied, surprised that a bunch of rich snobby brats would go out of their way to shop at a rundown shack.
"Shabby? What are you talking about?" My mother and sister got up too, handing me their bags nonchalantly.
As we walked towards the alleyway, Tabitha turned the corner first and pointed at the shop.
"I wouldn’t say it’s shabby," she said, a bit confused by my comment.
"Really? If that’s not shabby then I don’t know..."
My jaw dropped along with the shopping bags I was holding onto.
In place of the previous narrow alleyway leading towards the worn-down shack was a marble-paved road laid out towards a three-story building with a gold sign that read:
XYRUS ELIXIRS





Throughout the rest of the shopping trip, I was in a daze as my thoughts lingered on the transforming alleyway.
Was I already becoming senile?
"Mom... Aunt Tabitha... Do streets in Xyrus... er... move on their own?" The statement sounded as crazy as I thought, even though it came from my own lips.
"Huh? Moving streets?" I could almost see the manifestation of question marks on top of their heads as they gazed quizzically at me.
"Ahaha.... Never mind." I let out a sigh as I looked back at the street where Xyrus Elixirs now stood.
"Did something happen at the elixir store, Arthur?" Tabitha asked.
"You didn’t cause trouble in there, did you?!" my mother followed.
"Do you assume I cause trouble every time I’m away, Mother?"
"Of course," both my mother and sister responded in unison.
Ouch.
I clutch my chest over heart as I put on a hurt expression, getting a laugh out of everyone.
The rest of the shopping trip went by without any other occurrences that broke the laws of matter or physics. My new DC uniform had to be ordered from school since it was different from the rest of the school’s outfits so I didn’t have anything else I needed to buy.
My mother and sister, along with Tabitha, once again tried to use me as a human mannequin. This time, even the teenage store clerks joined in while occasionally taking peeks through the changing room curtains with stares comparable to starving animals looking at fresh meat.
Was it weird that I feared for my life more so on these occasions than when I fought in dungeons?
After hours of shopping, the staggering amount of clothes that filled the numerous bags were probably enough to open up a small store. Fortunately, the driver came by every hour or so to relieve us of the bulk of our purchases.
Out of that pile, the only clothes that belonged to me were a set of sleepwear that I found to be too comfortable not to buy. Supposedly it was made from the wool of a particular type of mana beast.
The sun began its further descent from the edge of the city, reminding me that Xyrus was indeed a floating plot of land.
As we reached the carriage waiting for us on the other end of the shopping district, I noticed that there was a separate wagon attached to the back, holding all the clothes and accessories we (they) bought.
"Mom, I’m going to stop by Xyrus before heading back home," I said after placing the last of the bags I was holding onto the carriage.
"Why? Is something wrong?" A jolt of panic flashed in my mother’s eyes.
"Haha, no. I just thought it wouldn’t be good to keep everyone wondering if I was dead or alive," I chuckled.

"Ahh, it was just that. Go on then, of course you should tell everyone that you’re back safe and sound. Just don’t make any other detours on the way back," my mother responded, pinching my nose as she gave me a stern look.
"Gotcha!" My voice came out nasally as I replied.
Sylvie and I watched as everyone climbed into the carriage and left. Waving back to my sister who was yelling that I had to be back in time for dinner, I turned and headed towards Xyrus Academy.
_________________________________________
Xyrus Academy wasn’t too far from the shopping district but it was still a bit of a distance to travel on foot. The sun was beginning to set as we made our way to Director Goodsky’s office, which was on the top floor of the second highest building in the school, losing only to the bell tower that served as a useful lookout post for the Disciplinary Committee.
As the academy towers got closer, I willed mana into my body and jumped up to the roof of a nearby building. Skirting from one building to the next, the view around me became an indistinct blur, the only thing clearly visible being Sylvie, who was racing alongside me, enjoying the breeze.
Making our way to school in silence, my mind began wandering.
It was when my mind wandered that I thought of things that I would rather not think of.
The scene of Alea’s last moments flashed through my mind. How she, in all of her glory and mightiness, had still been afraid of dying... dying alone. What if the one that I held in my arms hadn’t been Alea but Tess?
My body shivered at the thought.
How was she doing? Was she well? Did her assimilation go through all right? What if something went wrong...
No. You can’t think like that, Arthur. Positive thoughts...
Gritting my teeth, I willed more mana through my body and sped up.
Without the seal inhibiting me, I felt the deep influence of mana surrounding everything. I ran faster, as fast as I could possibly go, as if running away from my own thoughts.
The wind bent to my will, pushing me forward as the earthen surfaces of the buildings almost seem to resonate and keep me in balance by its own will. The moisture in the atmosphere kept me cool and even the small flames from the lamps burnt brighter as I passed them by.
I’d noticed before but the more my mana core evolved, the more sensitive I became to mana; I could even go as far as to say I was becoming more integrated with the mana around me.
I thought back to when I first met Virion. I wasn’t nearly as sensitive to mana back then, but even I could tell that, around him, the mana would fluctuate and move to accommodate his presence. Even though both Virion and Director Goodsky were wind attribute mages, the way they influenced the mana around them were vastly different.
For Director Goodsky, the mana formed light breezes of wind that danced around her; for Virion, it was the opposite. The mana affected the air around Gramps by completely expelling any wind in his vicinity. It wasn’t as apparent normally, but when he switched into fighting mode, it felt like even the air was afraid to move near him.
If that sort of phenomenon occurred naturally from just a silver core mage, what would it be like if they broke through to the white stage?
I felt a twinge of regret when I realized that Alea was the only white core mage I’d seen in person so far. Yet, because her mana core was completely shattered by the black spike that pierced through her, even the mana disregarded her, as if she was no longer loved by nature.
"Kyu!" ’We’re almost here!’

Sylvie’s chirpy voice snapped me out of my thoughts as I focused my gaze onto the light coming out of the window of Director Goodsky’s office.
Sylvie, come over here.
My bond jumped into my arms as I prepared to take off. The academy ground had a barrier that repelled anything with a mana core or beast core that wasn’t permitted to enter. It wasn’t all that powerful since its main function was to notify if there was anyone passing through unauthorized. I had my DC uniform in my dimension ring, along with the knife that was used for authorization, so I wouldn’t set off the alarm; Sylvie, on the other hand, might, if she wasn’t attached to me.
Concentrating the mana from my core and willing it to take the form of wind underneath the soles of my feet, I leaped off the edge of the building’s roof I was on with as much strength as I could muster.
"HAAAAAAAP!"
I felt the building almost giving out as a whirlwind sprung up and propelled me higher. I must’ve been about 100 meters in the air when I realized that by the trajectory and speed I was traveling, I probably wasn’t going to make it all the way to the building.
"HOLD ON, SYLV!"
As the anxiety faded, excitement boiled in me as I yelled over the gushing wind that attempted to drown out my voice. Feeling Sylvie’s paws clinging to my shirt, I held her tighter as well.
Biting my lip with concentration, I drove all of my unwanted thoughts away.
Shifting my body weight so that my feet were right underneath me, I turned in midair, and released a roundhouse kick.
[Draft Step]
I activated the skill I’d used against Theo that allowed me to accelerate or change direction by using an opposing force of wind to push against my feet. Of course, this time, it consumed a lot more mana as I was basically changing direction mid-air and at a much greater speed, but I got the outcome I hoped for.
With the speed boost I got from Draft Step, I was once again on a collision course straight towards the rooftop of the building Director Goodsky’s office was in.
"!!!!!!!!!!!"
Whether it was due to being drunk from the adrenaline rush, or just me trying to forcefully get rid of the depressing memories that were always haunting me in the back of my mind, I couldn’t help but let out a soul-cleansing roar. The sensation of flying through the air like this was different from when I rode on Sylvie.
Just as I realized that I hadn’t quite planned my landing, my body already shot through the air and noisily crashed against several unidentified objects. Despite destroying some of the roof, I somehow managed to land on my feet. As expected of me.
"KYU!!!" ’THAT WAS FUN! LET’S DO THAT AGAIN!’
Sylvie hopped in circles around me as she continued chirping for a second round.
Patting the dust off of my clothes, I looked up.
From the edge of the building, I was able to see a sight I was never able to experience even in my past life.
Xyrus was a floating city; I seemed to constantly forget this fact. I was able to see the edge of the city where isolated clouds floated nearby. I continued to be mesmerized as the rays from the setting sun hit the clouds at an angle that made them appear fiery red. Contrasting against the sun-kissed sky below was a curtain of serene purple—the atmosphere.

"Kyu..." Sylvie propped her head up on the ledge as she gazed silently as well.
The word breathtaking wasn’t just an expression in this case. It was as if Xyrus City was floating on an endless sea of soft marigold that blended harmoniously with the starry night above. That sort of view, that only seemed to be present in fairy-tales, was only made possible due to the city’s high elevation.
I took out a metal necklace from my dimension ring and began mindlessly fiddling with it.
...
For the time that I stood there leaning against the ledge of the building, I was almost able to forget about what happened back in the dungeon; for that brief period of time, the world seemed perfect.
"Quite the view, isn’t it?" a familiar aged voice echoed from behind.
"It is..." I replied without turning back.
"It’s my most treasured spot, you know... I come here often when I want to rest my mind," she breathed.
"Mm."
"I see you made quite the landing. I’ll have to have Tricia come clean all this up."
"I apologize for that, I’ll help as well."
"I heard your battle cry. I suspect the whole school will be wondering what happened."
"Haha..." I let out a stifled laugh.
"..."
I expected Goodsky to come join us, but instead, she stayed where she was.
"You’re not going to ask me how I’m still alive?" I asked as my eyes stayed glued to the view of the horizon.
"It seemed like it wasn’t a good time to ask. I am just glad that you are alive and well." Goodsky’s voice was quiet, almost feeble.
"I’m well?" I asked myself under my breath.
"Am I well?" I repeated, loud enough for her to hear, a tinge of sadness evident in my tone.
"..."
I looked down at the necklace I was fiddling with. It was a small bloodstained slate of metal attached to a crude chain. Engraved on that slate was a picture of six lances forming a circle; underneath that insignia were the initials:
A.T.
Tracing the letters with my thumb, I scoffed at how much it looked like a dog tag—the same as those worn by soldiers during ancient times in my old world to identify them, just in case their corpses were mangled past the point of recognition.
"...What exactly happened down there, Arthur?" Director Goodsky’s voice was hesitant as she asked this.
Turning to face her with the best half-smile I could muster, I threw the tag over.
"This was what happened," I replied as Goodsky let out a soft gasp with one hand covering her mouth, while the other held the necklace.





CYNTHIA GOODSKY’S POV:
The Council had handed this simple adamantine tag, engraved with the owner’s initials, to each of the Six Lances. This idea had actually been thought up by the members of the Six Lances themselves.
When they requested this, they explained to The Council that they needed something made of an almost indestructible material so that even if their bodies were obliterated, the necklace would still be intact and used as a sort of identification. It would be a memento for them—a sort of grim reminder that they could die at any time.
In contrast to the grim faces of the Six Lances, I distinctly remember that The Council had joked with them, asking if there was anything even capable of destroying their bodies past the point of recognition. I recalled chuckling alongside them, even though I knew...
Even though I knew that...There were beings capable of wiping out the crowned lances off the face of this planet.
But why... why am I seeing this tag so soon? It was too early. They shouldn’t be moving this early. I estimated that it would take at least another 15 to 20 years before they would start making their move.
I thought I had time.
I thought we had time...
"Director?" Arthur’s inquisitive voice shook me out of my daze.
"Ah, yes... Arthur, do you mind if I hold onto this? It would be safe for me to assume that The Council would want this back." I took careful notice of the tone of my voice to make sure I wouldn’t arouse suspicion from Arthur. The boy was just abnormally sharp.
"Things are changing, aren’t they." It was supposed to be a question, but by the tone of Arthur’s voice, it sounded like a statement with implied conviction.
Was it wise for me to tell him? Or rather, did he already know something?
"Yes, but it isn’t something for you to worry about. Not yet, at least." I knew my smile and comforting words wouldn’t reach him.
"Arthur, you may forget sometimes—hell, even I tend to forget at times—but you are still a child. A strong child with limitless potential, yes, but a child nevertheless. Let us adults take on the burden for now; your time will come, whether you wish for it or not." As I said this, I realized this message was more for myself than for Arthur.
Yes, he was a child. It wouldn’t be fair for him to become involved in the affairs of the Continent... but if he already knew...
"Did you perhaps... see whatever Alea fought against?" I had to choose my words carefully to make sure that my question didn’t give anything away.

"No, I didn’t." The answer was said with full confidence, but for some reason, his answer made me second-guess myself.
However, no use in suspecting the boy. It wouldn’t make sense for him to hide anything about an event like this.
Still... I was glad he didn’t seem to have figured anything out.
"I see... Well, enough about this topic. You must be worried about how everyone is doing." I let a soft, relieved smile escape as I said this.
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
The director’s response somehow left a bad taste in my mouth. She sounded almost... relieved at my response.
"Yeah, how is everyone doing?" In the end, I decided to move on. There was no point in being skeptical of everyone around me. I’d just assume she skipped out on asking the details for my sake.
"As you may have already deduced, your classmates weren’t all too injured. We had them sent to the guild infirmary hall to be cared for and thankfully, most were able to come to school today. Professor Glory was actually the most wounded, but she refused to be healed until all of her students were treated. I heard she even paid a visit to your family to notify them of your disappearance after transporting everyone back." Director Goodsky chuckled.
"That’s good, that’s good... And how is Tess doing?" I inquired.
Goodsky’s face wrinkled a bit as she displayed obvious hesitation.
"Tess... Tess is okay," she replied. I could tell she chose her words carefully.
"What exactly do you mean by that?" I raised a brow, urging for a proper response while an uneasy feeling started to stir within me.
"There were some... complications... in the final stages of her assimilation. Virion is currently looking after her but she has yet to awaken." Her voice was quiet as she spoke.
"Complications?" My voice came out a bit fiercer than I intended it to be.
"You need to understand that the final leg of assimilation is when the Beast Will struggles the hardest. Right now, Tessia and the elderwood guardian are fighting for control. Thus far, there has never been a case where the receiver of the will falls into a coma to this extent. Based on our theory, there seems to be something particular about the Beast Will you gave her, Arthur," replied Goodsky earnestly.
What... was this my fault? I put Tess in danger...? A flurry of thoughts raced through my mind as I tried to think of an explanation as to why such a thing occurred.
There was something particular about the elderwood? What was it? Yeah, it was strong, but was it stronger than other S class mana beasts? I wouldn’t know since it had been my first time fighting one.

Particular...?
My mind flashed back to the dungeon, and more specifically, what Alea had told me. She had mentioned that the black-horned demons were causing the monsters to mutate and grow stronger.
Was that what had happened? Had I given Tess a potentially corrupted beast core? No, I couldn’t have. I remembered Alea explaining how the beast core of the serpent she defeated had mysteriously disappeared. Shouldn’t that have happened to the elderwood guardian’s beast core as well then?
"Arthur? Are you okay?" Director Goodsky’s concerned voice stirred me from the deep abyss of my thoughts.
"Yeah, just thinking," I voiced as my eyes glazed over at the night view of the city.
"In any case, Virion is currently looking after her in your training room. Would you like to go visit them now?" Director Goodsky gave me a reassuring smile.
"Yeah, I’d like that."
"Mmm... then go on ahead, because even I have not been updated on the situation. Virion has not let anyone in, but I feel like you’d be an exception. I must make a trip to The Council to inform them of what happened." Goodsky suddenly looked infinitely older as she mentioned The Council.
"Is it okay for Grandpa Virion to not be present during the council meeting?" I asked.
Director Goodsky shook her head before replying, "Virion is in no state to be bothered with this matter when his precious granddaughter is currently unconscious. And besides, him being there with Tess is the only reason Alduin and Merial can stand to be away from their daughter and remain with The Council."
"I see. Okay, well I hope you keep me informed on this matter." I made my way to the door.
"My only concern is that you may have to be a lot more involved this time than you’d wish to be." Director Goodsky breathed a sigh before a gust of wind enveloped her and whisked her away.
__________________________________________________
As I made my way down by riding the elevator, Sylvie stirred from her sleep.
’I feel Mama.’
As I walked slowly towards the training room that had been assigned to me, my feet seemed to weigh a lot more than they should. I don’t know how I’d react if Tess were injured. The only reason I felt it wasn’t necessary to visit everyone else right away was because I assumed everyone would be safe.
’I said, "I feel Mama!"’ Sylvie thumped my forehead with her paw.

"I know!" I waved her paw away before turning my focus back to the giant double-door entrance that drew nearer.
"Ouch." The skin under my dimension ring suddenly burned as if something inside it wanted to come out.
Ignoring it, as I had more pressing matters, I placed both my palms on the surface of the door and pushed it open.
As soon as the door swung open, an unfamiliar sinister aura visibly surged forward in an attempt to trap me. This dark fog felt like thousands of thorny vines as it coiled around my arms and legs.
"WHO’S TH... ARTHUR?" Amidst the noticeably dark wave emanating from a particular focal point, I heard Grandpa Virion’s husky voice boom.
"Yeah, it’s me, Gramps! What’s going on?" I yelled past the sound of what reminded me of the crashing of an ocean’s waves against a cliff.
"God, am I glad you’re still alive, brat. I think I’m becoming somewhat thankful for your cockroach-like tenacity, HAHA! Come over here, I need your help!" Still confused by what was happening, I chose to ignore Gramps’ slightly insulting metaphor and walked carefully towards him. The aura was getting stronger, and I felt my skin start to bleed from small tears, which cut through my clothes.
Willing mana to shield both Sylvie and I, I made my way towards the source of the aura using Grandpa Virion’s hazy figure as a guide; each step felt like I was pushing against a reinforced wall.
"What in the... Tess?!" As I got closer, I could faintly make out the figure, lying in front of Gramps—the source of this aura.
When I finally reached Grandpa Virion, I winced from the searing pain, caused by my dimension ring, that seemed to have gotten stronger. Gramps wasn’t in good shape; his pale face was drenched in sweat as he tried his best to suppress the oppressive aura emanating from Tess to little avail.
I took a closer look and what I saw made my eyes widen in surprise. Tendrils of vines completely enclosed the figure I assumed was Tess. The thick dark aura made it hard for me to make out what it was until now.
"How much time has passed on the outside, brat? I think I’ve been holding in this foul aura for a day or so since she came back from the dungeon." He gave me a weary chuckle.
"What’s happening to her, Gramps?" I didn’t remember anything like this happening back when I was assimilating with Sylvia’s dragon will.
"Honestly, I’m not sure Typically, the purpose of assimilation is to enable the host’s body to gradually withstand and control the beast will’s power, but in this case, it seems to be the opposite. I’m beginning to worry that this beast’s will is trying to take over Tess’ body." Grandpa Virion’s shaking voice was filled with unease.
"How is that possible? I’ve never heard of something like that happening." My brows furrowed as I contemplated the possible cause. My thoughts kept going back to the mana beasts that had been corrupted by the black-horned demons.
"I’m not so sure, brat. I feel like that Elderwood you fought might’ve been mutated." Virion’s hoarse voice indicated that he was most likely at his breaking point.
I was ready to take over for Gramps, ignoring the burning sensation from my ring that was evidently growing more painful.
It happened even before my hands touched the surface of the cocoon Tess was in.
I could instantly recognize the sound of flesh tearing as I instinctively shifted my body in hopes to dodge in time.
"KYU!!!" ’PAPA!’
"OII, ARTHUR!"
Both Sylvie and Virion’s voices sounded muffled through the pounding of my eardrums.





A stain of blood began spreading through the remains of my shirt as I barely managed to dodge the spear of twisted vines aimed straight for my heart.
My heart pounded with a force strong enough to break out of my ribcage from the thought of death looming before me. I almost died. This sensation felt different from the other near-death experiences I had had. It was almost instantaneous; I could’ve died in that split second, and it would’ve been because of Tess, no less.
I knew women were dangerous.
Barely dodging the tendril, I grimaced at the feeling of blood trickling down my cheek.
I almost chuckled at the comical situation stirring in my mind. Grandpa Virion’s hands were literally on the cocoon, but as soon as I got near her, a flurry of spear-like vines automatically locked onto me for the kill? I knew that, deep down, Tess was still mad at me.
I parried the next dark, spear-like tendril before things became even worse. The cocoon that wrapped around Tess began expanding as an uncountable number of vines began surfacing from the ground beneath her.
"Kuu!" ’Papa, you’re okay!’ I heard Sylvie chirp near Gramps.
Grandpa Virion’s shoulders loosened as he let out a sigh of relief. "I thought you almost died, brat. What’s happening now?"
"Yeah, that was... a little too close for comfort, and I honestly have no clue what’s happening now, Gramps. Maybe your granddaughter doesn’t like me so much anymore." I managed to shoot him a smirk, making him chuckle despite the situation we were in.
After another thick layer of vines intertwined around the existing ones that formed Tess’ cocoon, dozens of tendrils began positioning themselves to, once again, shoot at me. Just me.
"Kuu..." ’What do we do?’
Sylvie, who was perched next to Grandpa, tilted her head in confusion, since the ’enemy’ was her ’mama.’
I want you to stay with Grandpa Virion. She’s only aiming at me for some reason.
After dodging the discharge of tendrils, I positioned myself away from Gramps and Sylvie. Gramps was drained of all his mana from suppressing the dark aura for almost two days straight while Sylvie was better off not interfering until I knew exactly what the implications would be.
What’s more, ’Tess’ was becoming more creative in her attacks; her next wave of tendrils were even laced with sharp thorns. The more I avoided the spears of vines, the more sure I was that the beast will was dead set on trying to kill only me. It also wasn’t helping that my ring was burning to an almost unbearable degree.
Could it be that the elderwood guardian’s dying will was hoping to gain redemption from me since I was the one that defeated him down in the dungeon? If that really happened to be the case, I hoped I lived long enough to find out.
Frustrated, I withdrew my sword from my dimension ring, but as I did, something else came out with it.
While Dawn’s Ballad appeared promptly in my hand, a small shining orb shot out of the ring towards the cocoon.

It was the orb that that homeless storekeeper had given me!
The clear orb, about the size of a marble, sparkled with an array of colors as it bolted towards the enlarging cocoon.
What the hell?
Grandpa Virion noticed it too but he only gazed at me in confusion, probably thinking that I had done it intentionally.
Streaks of light escaped from the crevices in between the vines as the orb sunk into the cocoon.
Before we even had the chance to wonder what was going on, an explosion occurred from within the cocoon, revealing a menacing, naked, black-haired Tess.
As the orb sunk into her stomach where her mana core was, Tess’ sickly complexion went back to normal... no, beyond normal. Her now flawless pearl skin seemed to literally radiate as her black hair turned back into its original gunmetal silver hue.
Her physical appearance wasn’t the only thing that changed. As the orb disappeared completely inside her abdomen, Tess’ unconscious body was completely covered in an aura I had never seen before—distinctly different from the usual mana existent in the atmosphere, in an almost mystical way.
Surrounding her was a scorching flame comprised of brilliant emerald gems. Millions of green, leaf-shaped embers made up this unique aura. As the emerald aura expanded, the once-black vines turned a serene jade green. Even as the mesmerizing aura drew nearer, for some reason, I didn’t fear it. Before it reached any of us, the aura shrunk back and dissipated.
As Tess’ figure fell, I jumped up and took out the coat I used while I was an adventurer, swiftly wrapping it around her bare body as I held her in my arms.
The dark aura that filled the training room was completely gone, and more importantly, Tess was safe.
"Mmm...not now, Arthur. Too soon," Tess mumbled as her face revealed a coquettish smile.
...She was most definitely safe.
"Pfft! Hahahaha!" Relief washing over me, I laughed. I laughed full-heartedly at Tess’ sleep talk and just at the fact that she was okay.
"TESSIA!" Grandpa Virion came running with Sylvie dangling from his long white hair.
"She’s okay, Gramps. She’s just sleeping now." I set her down and fell onto my butt as all the strength I had left, left me.
Both Sylvie and Gramps began meticulously inspecting the slumbering Tess before they heaved a sigh of relief as well.
"...She is okay." Gramps slumped down next to me while Sylvie curled up next to Tess. For a brief moment, we just blankly stared at the other end of the training grounds, too tired to even think.
"..."

"So did you get a good eyeful?" Turning my head, I could see Grandpa Virion’s smirk grow so wide that I was rather surprised his lips didn’t tear.
"She’s thirteen!" I groaned as I fell back on the soft grass-like moss.
"Almost fourteen," he corrected as he shifted a his softening gaze back towards Tessia.
"I’m glad you’re okay, brat. This girl would’ve been devastated if she found out you hadn’t made it..." He paused.
"...And thank you... for saving my granddaughter back at the dungeon, and now." Virion’s voice grew softer, almost mumbling, as he said this.
"What makes you think I saved your daughter, Gramps?" I replied without getting up, using my hands to support my head.
"Call it a grandfather’s intuition. With your abilities, I know that if you only thought of yourself, you wouldn’t have ended up in dangerous situations like these. So again, thank you." The sincerity in his voice was confirmed as his eyes met mine.
"Ugh, forget it. Don’t get so serious like that all of a sudden, you’re scaring me." I rolled to my side, my back facing Grandpa Virion.
"So when did you get back? Your family knows you’re alive, right?" Gramps replied.
"Of course. I got home last night and even spent some time with my family earlier today..."
Silence hovered between us for a few seconds before I spoke again.
"Gramps, I’m sorry. I-I should’ve rushed back. I just assumed that she’d be fine once she woke up since she crossed the last leg of assimilation with her beast will back at the dungeon. If I had known things could go wrong like this, I would’ve rushed here as soon as I got back." I turned back to look at Virion, almost pleadingly.
Back when I was assimilating with Sylvia’s beast will, I remembered Virion explaining to me how there was one final wave of struggle from the beast will before the assimilation was completely over, how that was normal...
I should’ve prepared for the worst.... I almost lost her today.
This thought scared me a lot more than I would’ve ever believed possible in my past life.
"Your parents probably had their fair shares of worries raising you, huh?" Unexpectedly, Grandpa Virion let out a soft chortle.
"Wha... yeah, I guess," I responded, thrown off by his sudden question.
"You did good in going to your family first. Tessia has her family to take care of her... she’s not alone, you know. You probably thought of this when you decided to spend the day with them. Your family probably needed you to be there for them as well, since you gave them quite a scare. Don’t forget that and don’t be sorry that you spent that much needed time with your family." Grandpa Virion patted my back, consolingly.
I didn’t know what to say. I was thankful that he knew me well enough without needing an explanation, or an excuse...

Again, a tranquil silence hung over us until I finally got around to asking the question that had been clawing the back of my mind.
"Hey, Gramps... how much do you know about the Six Lances?" I asked as my gaze focused on Sylvie, who ended up falling asleep, curled up next to Tess.
"...The Six Lances? Why the sudden curiosity?" Virion asked after a while.
I didn’t respond.
"What exactly do you want to know about them?" Accepting my silence, he responded tactfully.
"How strong are they?" After a bit of thought, I started off with a simple question.
He let out a slow, elongated breath. "Brat, let me start by asking you this: how strong do you imagine white core mages to be?"
My brows furrowed as I began calculating how many mages it would take to hold down a single white core mage. Since it took roughly around twenty solid-yellow core mages to hold off a single silver core mage, would it take less silver core mages than that to beat a white core mage... or was the power level increase exponential?
"I’m not really sure, Gramps," I finally said, defeated.
"To make it easier for you, we’ll use myself as A figure of measurement. I don’t ever recall explicitly telling you this, but I’m a mid-silver core mage. It would take roughly around ten of me to keep one mid-white core mage at bay, and that’s being optimistic." Grandpa Virion let out a chortle.
"Ten of you..." I muttered under my breath.
"Now, Cynthia is high-silver. Even after being generous, it would take around six or seven of her to keep one mid-white core at bay." He shrugged as he spoke.
"..."
I couldn’t imagine my current self being able to defeat that many Virions or Goodskys. Perhaps if I were to release the second phase of my dragon’s will, I might be barely able to contend with three Grampa Virions, however, the drawback would be tremendous.
"I don’t get it... where did these abnormally strong figures come from, and why haven’t they decided to just take control of a kingdom? I mean, with their strength, it’s not like any king or queen can give them much of a fight. What’s been keeping the royal family in power when there are white core mages capable of slaughtering them and their armies rather easily?" I asked, trying to make sense of this world’s government system.
"You have an excellent point. You’re right—by strength alone, the Six Lances, or any white core mage for that matter, could probably wipe out a kingdom on their own." He glanced over at Tess to make sure she was still sleeping.
"Before I say anything more, this will need to be kept an absolute secret from Tessia. I want her to stay ignorant of these rather... dark matters... at least until she’s older." Grandpa Virion had a tender smile on his face as he looked at his granddaughter.
"Mm. I’ll keep it a secret." I nodded.
"I’ll explain where they came from after, but the strength of each one of the Six Lances... They are now above that of regular white core mages, but before being knighted, most of them were actually only Silver core mages." Gramps spoke with a faraway, peaceful expression.
"Huh? That makes no sense..." I was about to rebut.
"Brat, do you think the royal family, without any major powerhouses in line for the throne, could stay in power since the beginning of the three kingdoms?" His peaceful expression disappeared as he peered at me with a face clearly depicting his mixed feelings.
He continued, "This is classified information shared only to the royal families of each respective race, but I’m telling you because, somehow, I know you’ll need this information in the future and I know you’ll be able to handle it..."
He let out a heavy sigh that seemed to contain a bit of his very soul.
"Do you believe in deities?"





The world of my past, the world where I came from, still often comes to mind. It was a life of isolation for me but it wasn’t as if I loathed every moment of my near-forty years there. I especially enjoyed visiting the orphanages and playing with the children. Of course, most of the boys considered sword-fighting and ki training forms of play, so whenever I went, I ended up spending hours teaching them.
I remembered one day rather explicitly, when a boy in the orphanage - ah right, Jacob was his name - asked me a question.
"Brother Grey, do you believe in God?" he had asked, looking up while tugging on my sleeve.
I’d never believed in God, or whatever higher being some of the people believed in. How could there be a god in a world where your level of martial strength determined how you could live your life. Parents who birthed physically weak or crippled babies were considered humiliations, often ridiculed by others behind their backs. Those babies, even if they did grow up to live past adolescence, would never be able to amount to anything. They would have about as much recognition as a fly buzzing in someone’s face: annoying, better off dead, useless.
Even a woman, no matter how beautiful and charismatic she was, would only amount to a high-class prostitute if she didn’t have at least the minimum strength needed to be considered ’mediocre’ amongst practitioners. Even those old bastards in the council, that sat on their asses all day and used everyone like pawns, were once grand fighters and famous figures.
How could a god exist in a world like that? Even if a god or deity existed in my previous world, he certainly wasn’t very merciful or loving, let alone fair.
When that child, Jacob, asked me if I believed in God, I couldn’t answer. These children believed, like I once did, that there was a higher power watching over them... protecting them.
Again, in this world, I was asked a similar question, but by someone much older than me.
Did I believe in deities...some sort of higher powers that were above us and unreachable?
"..."
"I’m not sure. Do deities exist?" The words ’...in this world?’ almost slipped from my mouth.
"Haha! I’ve been asking that question all my life, but I’ve started to think that deities might still exist," Grandpa Virion let out a hearty laugh.

"What made you change your mind?" I tilted my head in curiosity.
"Her." I thought Virion pointed his finger at Tess, but I realized it was the sleeping Sylvie he was directing his gaze at.
"Wait, Sylvie? You think Sylvie is a deity?" Almost choking on my spit, I directed my gaze back at Gramps.
"Brat, deities are different from what religious books say about gods. Deities are beings that are able to ascend from what we consider their mortal bodies and fully harmonize with mana. Dragons, at least, what I’ve read about them, are beings that can naturally become deities. They can’t be classified as just S class, or SS class mana beasts; if you compare it to mana cores, deities would be at the level one would reach after breaking out of white core stage." Grandpa Virion looked down at his own two hands as he said this, letting out a scoff.
"Here we are, elves, humans, and dwarves alike, at most, barely able to tap into the power of a white stage mana core. Yet, there may be beings still existing that can easily level mountains and flood valleys... Haaa~" Again, Grandpa Virion had that faraway look.
He closed his eyes for a while before slowly opening them again, his gaze shifting towards me.
"You’ve read about the war between the three races, as well as the most recent war between the humans and elves, but compared to those two wars, this continent was much more chaotic and dangerous in ancient times. The three races were nomadic back then, always on the run from mana beasts. The humans, elves and dwarves all travelled separately due to clashes in appearance and culture, but whenever any of the races met, we were on fairly good terms...we had to be; we exchanged information and traded raw resources that we picked up along the way. This is now known as the Beast Era, where the mana beasts were rampant and ruled the continent."
"I don’t understand. Why didn’t we use magic to drive the mana beasts away? I could understand maybe avoiding A-class mana beasts and up, but I don’t see why we were so helpless." My brows furrowed in confusion.
"It’s not that we didn’t, it’s that we couldn’t. Brat, have you ever noticed the painting in the main hall of the Royal Palace in Elenoir?" He suddenly switched topics.
"You mean that enormous painting in the living room? I mean, I noticed it at first but I couldn’t really make sense of it so I just disregarded it." I let out an awkward laugh, scratching my head.
"Every one of the three Royal Palaces has a painting similar to that one; it is a depiction of a powerful deity gifting us with the tool to overcome the mana beasts and put an end to the Beast Era." I couldn’t tell how Virion was feeling as he said all this, his expression still a mixture of various emotions.
No matter how ridiculous this sounded to me, Gramps’ tone showed me he wasn’t joking as he said this, so I stayed quiet and let him continue.

"This deity appeared in front of three people, and they were the forefathers of what are now the three royal families. He bestowed our ancestors with six artifacts, which were distributed equally amongst the three ancestors that were chosen by the deity to become kings. For the humans, the head of the Glayder family at that time received two; the dwarves, the head of the Greysunders family received two; and lastly, for the elves, the ancestor of my Eralith family also received two." Virion couldn’t help but smirk after looking at my expression.
"Huh? Why would this so-called ’deity’ just give the three races these treasures?" I sputtered incredulously, not able to hold it in.
"Let me get to that, brat," he reprimanded.
"Remember, this was ages before I was born. This knowledge is passed down from king to king and my guess is that information may have been exaggerated or skewed in certain directions along the way, but this is what I’ve been taught. The three kings weren’t meant to use the three pairs of artifacts bestowed by the deity themselves, but were instead meant to bestow them onto their two most powerful subjects under a soul oath through a sort of knighting ceremony. With these powerful artifacts given to their strongest warriors, the three races were meant to use the power of the artifacts to protect themselves as well as gain the upper hand in dominating the mana beasts and other ancient monsters of the time," he explained.
"I would assume that giving three races super powerful artifacts just begs for chaos and war, rather than protection. I’m not so sure about the elves, but if you at least look at some of the humans, greed isn’t exactly a rare thing," I chortled, shaking my head.
"Well, funny you say that because that’s what happened. The artifacts did indeed allow the elves, humans and dwarves to work together during that period to further expand their area of dominance. A lot of the mana beasts were either killed or driven off to what is now known as the Beast Glades, putting an end to the Beast Era. However, shortly after, greed did get ahold of the three kings and their subjects. Besides the incredible power the artifacts gave to its wielders, it gave them insights on how to utilize the source of energy that makes up the world, which we now call mana. With this, the users of the artifacts taught it to those who they deemed capable, thus, giving rise to the very first batch of mages. Drunk on power, the concept of harmony dwindled and soon led to internal strife due to greed," Virion looked at me with a painful smile before continuing.
"The three pairs of artifacts bestowed had different attributes and were divided between the humans, elves and dwarves respectively, segregating us all even further. The distinct features in specialization between the three races we have today are supposedly due to the artifacts. The dwarves, who reasoned that because they were the beings closest to the earth, believed that they should naturally be the rulers of the continent. We elves reasoned that because we were the closest to all living things, we should be the rulers of the continent, while the humans, who were able to train and utilize all of the four major elements, believed that the deity naturally wanted to make them the rulers of the continent." Virion looked back at Tess to make sure she was still asleep.
"The first war, which lasted longer than the time they drove the mana beasts into the Beast Glades, was what led to the segregation of the three races as well as the formation of the three kingdoms. The second war, which you’re more familiar with, happened between the humans and the elves. So... going back to the question of where the Six Lances came from, can you take a guess?" he tested.
"Wait... so those six artifacts that were bestowed upon your ancestors by the so-called deity were given to the Six Lances?" y mind raced as pieces of the puzzle began to fit. "And the artifacts are the reason why they were able to rise past the silver core stage and become white core mages, as well as the reason why they aren’t able to go against the Council since they are soul-bound, just like the previous users who were tied to the first kings," I exclaimed after coming to a revelation. Everything clicked.
"The Lances were most likely chosen amongst candidates that were brought up closely by the royal family of their respective race, and after they were deemed worthy, they were bestowed the artifact along with the soul oath that bound their lives to the kings," I continued.
"Exactly. They were secretly raised as candidates to each wield an artifact. However, it wasn’t until the discovery of another continent that the three races decided that they needed to unify." Grandpa Virion had a distant look on his face as he explained.
"One last question. So were the artifacts given to figures in the past as well? How come we’ve never heard of them?" I was sitting up by this point, thoroughly focused on the conversation and leaning forward as if it were possible to receive information faster this way.
"Yes, but this is the first time they were publicized. In the past, wielders of the artifacts were always protecting the king and his family from the shadows. It is only now, after the unification of the continent that we decided to publicize the wielders. Of course, no one else knows that they got their strength through the power of the artifacts. If that secret were to be let out, it would most likely cause a coup d’etat; the greed of numerous silver core mages desperate to surpass their limits is not to be looked down upon. Who knows to what extent some might go? Maybe even destroying the entire royal bloodline in hopes to be the new masters of the artifacts," Virion paused again before turning to stare at Sylvie again.
"I imagine your bond has the capability to become a deity. I’m not sure how long that would take and if we’d be even alive when that happens, but Arthur, you need to get stronger. Call it my own senile intuition but I feel like changes are going to happen soon... enormous changes. I just hope that I’m wrong." This was the first time I’d seen Grandpa Virion have such a worried look on his face.
My mind flashed to the message that Sylvia had left within me after teleporting me to Elshire Forest— how I would hear from her again when I reached the stage past white core. I was beginning to think that maybe these so-called deities weren’t as fictional as I believed them to be.
"Mmmm... what’s going on? Why am I sleeping on the ground?"





VIRION ERALITH’S POV:
What in the name just happened? What was that bizarre aura around Tessia? What did the boy do anyway?
I was just barely able to see that orb shoot out and get sucked into my granddaughter’s body. It seemed sort of like an elixir, but I wasn’t really able to tell...
Anyway, I was just glad that she was safe now.
I almost felt bad for the boy; he had just crawled back up to the surface after falling into an underground dungeon—gods know how deep—and now he had to deal with all this.
Was I doing the right thing revealing all this information to Arthur?
There was a bitter taste left on my tongue after I finished explaining everything to the boy; I sometimes forgot that he was actually younger than Tessia.
It was odd, though. I couldn’t quite put my finger on it, but more and more, my instincts told me that despite his monstrous ability in mana manipulation and latent potential as a mage, his cognitive acuteness, his mental capacity that didn’t belong to a prepubescent child that would make this brat so scary in the future, currently, his level of power had not caught up to his intellect.
"Mmmm... what’s going on? Why am I sleeping on the ground?"
My ears perked up immediately at the sound of my granddaughter’s feeble voice.
"G-Grandpa? Where am... ART!!!!"
My arms were already stretched out wide, ready to embrace my one and only beloved granddaughter, but oddly enough, instead of coming into her grandfather’s arms, her body bolted away from me and towards the boy.
My granddaughter... you’re going the wrong way.
"ARTHUR!!!! You’re alive!!" Tessia almost knocked the boy back down onto the ground from how fast she flew into his arms.
Meanwhile, my arms stayed outstretched.
Maybe the passing breeze would accept my embrace...
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
As Tess’ faint voice reached my ears and her teary eyes locked onto mine, she bit her lower lip to keep herself from breaking down, and I stood there at a loss. A wave of different emotions, half of which I didn’t even know I could feel, washed over me.
"ARTHUR!! You’re alive!" Her face was already buried in my chest as she finished her sentence.
"Yeah..."— I gently petted her hair—"I’m alive."
I turned to Virion, and I swore I could almost see his petrified body crumbling to bits, his lonely arms stretched out.
His head turned like a badly oiled robot, revealing his gaze, which was anything but automatonic by the image he projected.
Traitor.
Grandpa should still come first.

You’re dead to me, brat.
These were the thoughts that might as well have been tattooed across his forehead by how blatantly his foul mood was leaking out.
Giving Grandpa Virion a sympathetic smile, I looked back down at Tess, who was still in my arms. Only when my old robe that had been wrapped around her body slipped slightly off her bare shoulder did I remember she was completely naked underneath.
"Kyu!"
Sylvie was bouncing up and down, trying to get Tess’ attention as the latter clung onto me like glue, but to no avail.
"The last thing I remember was you handing me over to someone. I can only recall bits and pieces of what happened after because I was in too much pain then. B-But I heard broken pieces of conversations about how you didn’t make it out," she said as her arms still clung onto me like an infant koala. The way she looked up at me with those tear-filled eyes made me almost lose myself.
"I’ll fill you in on what happened, but for now"—I peeled her off of me, wrapping her tighter with the only piece of clothing covering her—"let’s get you decent, Princess."
"What are you talking..." was all she managed to say before looking down, her eyes widening in horror.
Tess let out a horrified scream that shook the room, and without even the chance to react, Grandpa Virion, Sylvie, and I were knocked back by a surge of mana that seemed to have come out of nowhere.
I managed to recover in time, landing on my feet. As I looked to my side, I saw that Virion and Sylvie were both uninjured. Surprised, but uninjured.
Not even caring about the throbbing pain in my chest, I stared, slack-jawed at the sight before us.
Tess was at the epicenter of a storm of translucent emerald green vines, dozens of meters in length, all snapping and whipping around chaotically. What was even more strange was that it looked more like an extension of the bright green aura surrounding Tess, who was now curled up in the fetal position.
"Th-This... mana formation of this magnitude... shouldn’t be possible for her!" Grandpa Virion’s stood there, gaping.
"You have got to be kidding me," I mumbled to myself.
Cupping my hands, I yelled out, "Tess! You need to calm down!"
"Shut up, shut up, shut up! Go away! I can’t believe you didn’t tell me I was n-naked!" she screamed, her eyes still shut tightly in embarrassment. Something told me that those semi-transparent tendrils responded to her emotions because they were swaying even more fiercely right now.
"Didn’t you learn that telling a screaming girl to calm down never actually calms her down?" Grandpa Virion said, shaking his head in mock disappointment.
Of course... I’m the ignorant one I guess.
What good was having been a king? Psh... only the strongest in my country? What good does all of that do, Arthur, if you can’t even quell the anger of a thirteen-year-old girl?
"Tess! It’s your grandfather! Open your eyes!" Virion shouted this time.
"Huh?"
As Tess peeked out from one eye, she finally realized what was happening.
"What’s going on? What is all of this?" The flustered Tess looked to us for help.
"Try controlling your emotions, it’s making your mana flow go out of control," I tried to explain in a more reasonable tone.

Tess looked to Virion, who was nodding in agreement with me.
As realization dawned on her, Tess closed her eyes and began meditating, and the translucent emerald vines slowly dissipated, fading out of sight.
The three of us rushed to where Tess was curled up as soon as the vines, that seemed to be made up of pure mana, disappeared.
"Quick, Gramps, check her mana core."
I was going off a hunch, kind of scared to hear the truth.
"That’s just what I was about to do, brat." Virion rolled up his sleeves and imbued some mana into his palms.
"Wait! Art, turn around!" Tess was obviously out of breath but she was also aware that something was different with her body.
"Sigh... I already saw everyth—"
"NOW!"
"—yes ma’am."
"Psh...former king? More like whipped dog," I mumbled to myself as I turned my back to them.
"I-It can’t be... Ha ha ha... W-What in the world?" I heard Virion’s trembling voice.
"What? What is it? What stage is her core at, Gramps? Dark yellow? Don’t tell me... she’s at solid yellow like me?" I was itching to turn around.
"Half a step away from Initial Silver. She almost broke through into the initial silver stage."
"What?" I whipped my head back, causing Tess to wrap the robe covering her even more tightly.
Ignoring Tess’ glare and protests, I put my hand on her abdomen... over the robe.
He was right... Even when sensing directly, I couldn’t recognize the extent of her mana core, which meant she was at a higher level than I was.
Both Gramps and I fell straight to our bums in utter disbelief.
She broke through out of Light Orange and into the Dark Yellow stage not too long ago. That meant she skipped through all of Yellow and straight into Initial Silver?
This gravity-defying news was hard for me to swallow. I took my body’s composition for granted; because I was a quadra-elemental mage, it was a lot easier for me to break through, but it had become distinctively harder to get past bottlenecks once I reached the Dark Yellow stage. Not to mention the fact that I broke through at age 3—much earlier than everyone else.
The "gifted" students in this academy have ten years to pass the final exam in order to graduate. There was no set stage that a student’s core had to reach in this time but on average, alumni tended to be around Light Orange stage by the time they graduated. After reaching that stage, they would be given a seat among the upper echelons of practically anywhere they went.
For even the most talented dual-elemental mages, it should take exponentially longer for them to make breakthroughs if at all, but Tess had just been able to break that common sense and skip straight past the threshold just before breaking into the Initial Silver stage. That was potentially a couple decades of cultivation condensed into a mere fortnight...
The absurdity of it all...
"What the hell did you give her, brat?" Virion asked. "I’ve never heard of a beast will tempering a mana core. Or did it perhaps have anything to do with that orb you threw at her?"

"Grandpa, what did you mean by ’half a step away’? What orb?" Tess echoed, puzzled by our conversation.
"I-I thought it was just some kind of elixir..." I was at a loss for words.
What the hell was that vanishing elixir shop?
"Arthur, if there ever was such an elixir that could do what that orb did just now, wars would break loose in hopes to win it," Grandpa Virion shook his head, still in shock as he imagined everything he’d just told me. "How did you get your hands on whatever orb that was anyway?"
Oh, you know, I got it from a homeless-looking fellow that owned a disappearing Elixir shop...
"Ha ha ha haha... I got it for a silver coin, Gramps."
Virion gawked at me incredulously. By his expression, I bet he would’ve been less surprised if I told him I stole if from a god.
"I don’t exactly know myself. I kinda got that orb from a peddler but that’s as much as I know..." I let out another small laugh in helplessness.
"Can you tell me what’s going on? You guys weren’t actually being serious right?" Tess immediately began focusing on her mana core. "No way... m-my mana core is light yellow now... and it already has so many cracks on it," she said as her voice trembled.
"H-Honey... you’re actually a peak light yellow core mage now," Grandpa Virion mumbled, almost whispering.
Tess’ eyes rolled back as she fainted, her body slumped against Sylvie’s back as my bond moved just in time to catch her.
"This girl just can’t stay awake..." I grumbled as I positioned her more comfortably on the grass floor.
"She’s sure to be exhausted after having gone through all of this; her body was under constant stress, and breaking through more than three stages at once took a toll on her mind as well. I guess the realization was the tipping point." Virion let out a chuckle as he picked her up.
"I’m going to take her back to Elenoir through the gate. She needs some rest, and I’m sure my son and daughter-in-law are still worried. Kukuku, I’m kind of looking forward to how they’ll react to this. Sigh~ Imagine... Princess Tessia, a silver core mage at the age of 13," he boasted with a wide grin on his face. "Do you want to come with me?"
"I’ll pass on that. I know Tess is safe, and she knows I’m safe as well; that’ll have to do for now. We’ll catch up when she returns to school," I replied.
"Mm. I have a meeting with The Council that I’ve been avoiding ’til now, so I won’t get to see you for a while. Get some rest, boy." Grandpa Virion threw me wink and walked out of the training room with Tess in tow.
She was at a higher level than me now...
My mind kept going back to the homeless man and his elixir shop. Was the orb he gave me really the reason she was able to break through like that? There wasn’t any other explanation otherwise.
"Kyuu~" ’Papa, I’m hungry!’ Sylvie hopped back onto the top of my head and kept thumping my forehead in complaint.
"Haha, me too, Sylv. But before we go back, let’s visit your Uncle Elijah," I replied, rubbing my bond’s ears.
"Kuu..." ’...But, food.’
_______________________________________________________
"Arthur!" Elijah roared as he nearly head-butted me.
I had an eerie sense of déjà vu, but this scene wasn’t nearly as heartwarming.
"There there. Yes, I’m still alive. You can’t get rid of me that easily," I said in consolation, patting my best friend’s head.
"I know..." he sniffled. "You’re like a cockroach."
This brat...
I peeled him off of me; again, very similarly to how I’d done just thirty minutes ago, but the person in front of me this time had a string of mucus hanging out his right nostril, the other end of the slippery secretion attaching itself to my shirt.
A friend... my best friend. Elijah was an entity I had now in this life that I had so wanted in my previous one. A person I could let loose and be a child with again, no matter how old or grand I was before.
"Haha! It’s good to see your disgusting face again, pal," I grinned at him, patting him on the shoulder.





CYNTHIA GOODSKY'S POV:
Standing before the heavy iron doors, I took a deep breath. Beyond this entrance were the six former kings and queens of this continent. It wasn't their titles that were making me apprehensive, but more so the fact that they were ultimately the ones who would shape or destroy the future of this continent.
Even with an augmented hearing spell, I was unable to clearly hear what was being discussed on the other side, leaving me to wonder what their course of action might be.
What was I to tell them?
What was I able to tell them? I truly had to be meticulous in the words and actions I used.
I'd only gotten a glimpse of the consequences I would face if I didn't abide and I knew there was no way around it.
It just wasn't worth it…not at this point.
Was there really no other way to avoid this? Was I to just sit and watch this peaceful continent that I'd grown to love crumble without being able to do anything?
It couldn't be helped; I'd deviated too far from what I was originally supposed to do.
My hopes in establishing myself and the foundations of Xyrus Academy up to what it was today was for the sake of this continent. That we might have some hope…
It'd been too long since the time of war, though. Students wanted to get strong; not to protect and fight for what was right but for their own conceited pride. It'd been an ongoing struggle to not only shape up the level of magic in this continent, but also instill proper values.
The only thing I could do for this country now was prepare the next generation as well as get rid of anything that might hinder their plans. I'd been personally getting rid of more and more spies that were being sent out from my homeland.
They were getting impatient. I could tell by some of the toxic traces affecting the dungeons that they were beginning their next phase.
It was beginning to become rather difficult for me to keep up my current pace, though. I could tell Arthur was becoming rather suspicious at times. I had been careless in exposing the wound I received from one of the affected mana beasts.
I was just not sure anymore…
Was I doing the right thing? Would what I was doing even give us a chance?

I once thought so, but I wasn't so optimistic anymore.
Sigh…
The two mages standing guard on either side of the door were carefully observing me, probably wondering why I wasn't going in. I noticed one was at the Initial Silver core stage while the other, slightly thinner mage, was at the Mid-Silver core stage; they would be considered peaks in this continent, but only in this continent.
I signaled to the guards that I was ready to go inside, letting them inform The Council.
"You may enter," the knights announced, opening the doors fully.
"—AND I SAID THAT WE CAN'T JUST BE LYING HERE ON OUR ASSES WAITING FOR MORE DEATHS! ALDUIN, MERIAL, WHY AREN'T YOU SAYING ANYTHING?! ONE OF YOUR LANCES IS DEAD!" I saw Dawsid Greysunders, former king of the dwarves, standing up with his finger pointed at Alduin Eralith, former king of the elves, who was seated with his arms crossed and eyes closed.
"Calm yourself, Dawsid. Before we rashly try and hunt down whoever or whatever killed Alea, we need more information. This might be somehow linked to the communication failures with the Dicatheous. What if, like we suspected, the unknown continent is involved and we end up… Ah, Director Goodsky. We received your sound transmission; please, have a seat." Blaine Glayder, the former king of the humans stretched his arm to direct me to a nearby empty seat.
"Yes, but it seems that my message was unnecessary," I responded while taking a small bow before sitting down. King Greysunders also reluctantly took a seat in the chair that seemed a bit too big for him.
"Yes, Alduin was alerted almost immediately after Alea passed; unfortunately, we have no way of knowing how she was killed. Do you happen to know anything, Director Cynthia?" Merial Eralith, former queen of the elves, as well as the mother of my only disciple, asked me.
I should've realized that they might've already known thanks to those bestowed artifacts I was informed about.
"I apologize. Truth be told, I was not the one that found her body." Taking out the adamantium tag that belonged to Alea, I handed it over to Lady Eralith.
"Who was it that found her body? We need to bring that person here." Glaundera Greysunders, former queen of the dwarves, slammed her palms on the table we were situated around.
"That… may be a bit troublesome," I said, hesitantly. "You see, the person that found her body was one of my students, and that was only by accident."
"No matter! Just bring that student here. We need as much detail about this disaster as possible before we can start slowly unfolding it to the public," Lady Greysunders continued.
"I ensure you that the student does not know any more than what we might be able to guess. This student simply stumbled into the scene after the battle was long over," I replied while shaking my head.
"Still, are you sure he wasn't hiding anything from you?" King Eralith spoke up solemnly.
"This student is but a child that recently enrolled. He has no reason to hide any details from me. I fear he will only be more intimidated if we brought him here, causing him to make up details to gain The Council's favor," I lied.

I didn't want to involve Arthur in all of this. Not yet. He wasn't ready.
"Cynthia offers a valid point. There's no use interrogating a student that might make up facts to feel like a hero. Besides, she already questioned the student," Priscilla Glayder, former queen of the humans, defended.
"Yes, I was even able to find the scene of Ale...Code Aureate's death," I hurriedly replied. Maybe they would be able to find something. Indirectly helping them like this might prove to be fruitful.
The plan that I was informed of before I had come here seemed to have hastened for some reason, but I knew for a fact that it would still take years before the first course were to come to fruition. Until then, I had to somehow indirectly help them prepare for whatever was coming. Hopefully, I had enough time.
"All right. Then the next course of action is settled." King Glayder motioned for a secretary to come. "Dispatch our best tracking mages. We'll have them find any sort of evidence that the perpetrator might've left. In the meantime, what is the current status of the remaining Lances?"
"Yes, Your Highness, our best trackers are already assembled and ready. As for the Lances, Codes Zero, Ohmwrecker, and Balrog were the first to arrive. We've received word that Code Thunderlord and Code Phantasm entered the premise not too long ago," the secretary hurriedly announced with his head bowed.
"Good. We'll update them soon. Until then, make sure not a single word gets out that one of the Lances was killed," King Glayder finished his statement while looking at me.
"Rest assured, the student is not the type to let this information out so easily. I will be sure to make it of utmost importance that he keeps the information he has a secre," I answered back at The Council that was waiting for me to respond.
After I was escorted out, Lady Eralith followed along and pulled me aside, away from everyone's view. "Director Cynthia. How's my Tessia? I've yet to hear back from my father-in-law," her voice quaked with concern.
I shook my head. "I was not updated with the situation either. However, Tessia has both Arthur and Virion looking after her. She should be okay, Merial."
"Mm, I hope so. I've barely been able to focus on everything going on because of Tessia's condition. Let me know as soon as you're updated. This way, at least Alduin and I will have the peace of mind to focus on this mess," she says while handing me a sound transmission scroll.
Sound transmission devices were exceedingly costly so most did not have access to one, but The Council always had these in stock to send and receive information quickly.
"I'll be sure to tell you as soon as I find out." I gave her a reassuring smile before letting her go back to the meeting hall.
_________________________________________________________________
Five silhouettes could be seen waiting in the dimly lit chamber on the bottom-most floor. Although the shadows covered the five's faces, their voices could be clearly heard.
"So Alea died already?" a well-built man scoffed as he leaned against the back wall with crossed arms.
"Bairon… watch your tone," an authoritative, icy voice rang from a proportioned slender figure sitting with one leg over the other.

"It can't be helped that I'm irritated; her dying so pathetically is trampling on the Lances' name," the man replied.
"Poor Alea. Mica feels bad for her," a sweet voice chimed from a figure whose body resembled that of a child.
"Me too. I'll miss sharing cream puffs with Alea..." sighed a woman, whose seductive figure could not be hidden by the shadows.
"It's improper to pity a General Alea. She died a lance's death after all," a gruff voice sounded from another figure.
"Well I can't help it when Alea's death was a pitiful one, old man," the child-like figure pouted back.
"Nevertheless, it would be wise of you to act your age and not your infantile appearance," he replied calmly.
"Olfred, you jerk!"
"Now now, don't pick on our cute Mica," she chastised as she wrapped her arms around Mica.
"A-Aya, your lumps of—mmmph—fat are choking Mica!"
"Stop acting like hyperactive children. As the strongest mages in this country, this shouldn't phase us!"
"Oh my, Bairon's cranky again today."
"Tch… says the cow that has no sense of time, getting here the latest."
"Enough. What did The Council say our next course of action was?"
"They are still discussing. It seems that unlike our king, the human and elf leaders seem to only care for their own," the old lance replied.
"Mica disagrees. King Greysunders is pretty selfish too."
"It's common sense that, as the king that has most influence throughout the continent, King Glayder takes into account the elves and dwarves well."
"Mica thinks Bairon should stop acting like he's our leader."
"And I think that you should know your place. You have neither the background nor strength to talk that way to the next head of the Wykes—"
"Everyone… let's all get along. Let's not make Varay mad," Alea coaxed gently.
"…"
"Sorry…"
"Tch…"





ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
"Hey, Art. I thought we were heading to your home; where’re we going?" Elijah turned to me after noticing we’d taken a different turn on the way back to Helstea Manor.
"There’s a place I need to stop by first. Don’t worry, it’ll be a quick detour," I answered, quickening my pace even with Sylvie on my head.
Elijah broke into a jog behind me. "Wait up!"
When we reached the destination, I couldn’t help but let out a disappointed breath, my shoulders dropping.
"I thought so," I mumbled to myself.
"Xyrus Elixirs? Did you need to buy something from here? It’s almost midnight; of course it’s closed." Elijah cupped his eyes over the front glass door, hoping to spot someone inside.
"It’s nothing. Let’s head back home," I replied. As I was about to turn away from the building, a shiny object, caught in the crevice of the aged alley leading to Xyrus Elixirs, caught my attention.
As I kneeled down to retrieve it, my eyes narrowed. It was an orb similar to the one used on Tess, except, instead of rainbow speckles inside, there were golden flakes floating within. Attached to the small marble-sized orb was a crudely written note:
Your little Princess will probably need this
"What are you staring so intently at?" Elijah leaned over my shoulder to see.
I crumpled up the piece of parchment and quickly shoved the orb inside my dimension ring.
"Let’s head back home first, Elijah. I’ll need to tell my family that I might have to miss a couple more days of school. Go back to the academy tomorrow and tell everyone that I’m okay." I patted my best friend’s shoulder and gave him a reassuring smile in response to his concerned expression.
"Don’t worry, I’ll tell you about everything after." With that, Elijah gave me an accepting nod back.

­__________________________________________________________
KATHYLN GLAYDER’S POV:
After finding out what had happened down at the dungeon from my brother, I was shocked. I almost wanted to blame him, to blame Professor Glory, to blame someone but I knew it wasn’t anyone’s fault.
Arthur is going to be okay, right? He’s just that type of person. No matter what situation comes up, he always returns with that lazy smile on his face that, for some reason, calms me.
"You’re being foolish, Kathyln," I berated myself as I walked down the marble street to the disciplinary committee room. My thoughts lingered on Arthur as I imagined his grateful expression after heroically saving him... had I been there.
I shook my head, trying to snap out of my delusions. "No, no. It’s not my job to look after him. Besides, he already has the student council president."
A few faint giggles from students passing nearby sent blood rushing up to my cheeks as I veered in another direction.
I’m confident that he’ll be okay! I convinced myself. I’m sure of it...
"Gah!" I heaved out before I quickly covered my mouth, surprised that I’d let out such a barbaric sound. After checking that I was alone in the alleyway between two buildings—a shortcut I had discovered to the disciplinary committee room—I exhaled a sharp breath of relief.
Maybe it was from the stress these days as a disciplinary committee officer. I had assumed things would stay quiet after the formation of the committee—almost to the point of wondering if we were even needed—but recently some unforeseen circumstances had been brought to our attention.
Claire Bladeheart, our leader, pulled each of us aside a few days ago. While explaining the cause, she implied that Arthur was an undeniable factor that led to this.
I wanted to rebut then, but I decided to hear her out. Claire had been secretly gathering information with Kai, who specialized in stealth. From what she’d explained, it seemed that there was a radical group dissatisfied with the direction the academy was heading toward recently.
This group was made up of only humans, and from the few faces that Kai was able to catch a glimpse of, they were all from rather high-up noble families.
One particular noble that had been spotted was named Charles Ravenpor. His father was on rather close terms with mine, but strictly for business. Father would always grumble in dissatisfaction after having a meeting with Mr. Ravenpor because of how ill-mannered and self-centered he was.
While I was jealous of Claire’s unwavering confidence that Arthur was still alive, she was also relieved that Arthur wasn’t here at the moment because he was supposedly one of the main reasons this radical cult-like group had started. There was a big faction from this group that thought Arthur did not belong in this academy because of his "humble" background. The fact that he was a professor on top of having the privilege of taking upper division classes fueled the already built-in hatred that some of the envious royal students had.

We weren’t allowed to confront them as of yet because of the lack of evidence, and the fact that they hadn’t really done anything bad yet, but from the looks of it, there were even some professors of this academy supporting them, making it all the more difficult to rashly make a move.
It wasn’t until a few days ago, though, that some of the radical group members started to act. Denton, one of my classmates that shared the same period in Arth—Professor Leywin’s class, was the victim. He had actually been one of the students that strongly opposed Professor Leywin teaching a class that was so important in building foundations as this. However, he’d warmed up to him—rather, he looked up to him now.
Hopping up on a storage crate to clear the fence, I looked down at the isolated building of the disciplinary committee. Looking behind, I could see the tip of the statue where Denton had just been found three days ago, battered and naked while hung upside down, for all of the passing students to see, a note covering his privates instructing him to drop out of the ’plebeian’s class’ if he didn’t want this to happen again.
It turned out that he had been taken to one of the narrow alleys between the back buildings and beaten up by the radical group. From what Claire told me, they wanted to "teach" him how to properly use mana, since they didn’t really think Arthur was be good enough to nurture the "potential" that he had. Denton ended up becoming a target dummy for various spells when he resisted.
Director Goodsky was still away so her assistant, Tricia, and Professor Glory had ended up pulling him down and making sure he was okay.
Since then, having no choice but to act on behalf of Director Goodsky, Tricia had been trying to quell the anger from various elven and dwarven parents who thought this had to do with racial discrimination since the victim was an elf.
Needless to say, Denton was taking a break from school for the time being.
Why was this happening? What was the point of doing this? What good did dividing students like this do? Did these students have such low self-esteem that they needed to bring down anyone they thought was better than them to feel better about themselves? Why was it that the more power and privileges someone had, the more greedy they became?
Was it naive of me to wish for everyone to just work together for our continent?
To top it off, a dark and gloomy atmosphere had clung to the disciplinary committee room since the accident with Arthur. Claire and my brother hadn’t spoken at first, the both of them blaming themselves, while everyone remained frustrated because our actions were so restricted. Now, everyone was on high alert; all of the disciplinary committee upperclassmen were out for surveillance during the morning and afternoon while Feyrith and I took watch in the evening, with one of the upperclassmen helping us out instead of going to class.
Kai tried to find out their meeting spots but as soon as he had a lead, those places would always change. It seemed as if they were always one step ahead of us, always relocating so someplace new.
The professors were useless. Most of them were all talk in front of the dissatisfied elven and dwarven parents, saying they’d do their best to find the culprit, but not being able to take direct action because the human parents were also dissatisfied due to their children being accused of racial discrimination.
In the end, the professors were too tied in their little game of tug-of-war to be of much help. As they tried hard to be on both sides, they ended up being on neither.
That was the problem with a school so heavily funded by the parents of the students. The only one that had the authority to oppose them directly and openly was Director Goodsky, and she was nowhere to be seen.
It seemed as if her disappearance had allowed this radical group to now openly create a disturbance... because she wasn’t here to stop them.

I finally made it to the disciplinary committee room and walked up the stairs, the echo of Claire’s voice getting louder the closer I got.
"Things are escalating faster than we thought. I had a feeling that this would be the case—the group is trying to create as much of an uproar before Director Goodsky gets back and then go into hiding temporarily after," Claire announced while leaning forward with her arms on the table. The dark bags underneath her eyes told me she hasn’t rested since getting back.
I took a seat after everyone acknowledged me with a nod, too frustrated to verbally greet me. I couldn’t help but notice it—the seat where Arthur usually sat, empty. But now wasn’t the time to brood. I turned my attention back to the group just as my brother began to speak.
"I talked to multiple professors about the situation like you asked, but it seems you were right. None of them were willing to actively help in finding the crux of the problem. They’re turning a blind eye to all of this because of our ’lack of evidence,’" my brother reported through gritted teeth, running his fingers through his hair.
"We already know who one of the members of the groups are so why not just take that rat out and interrogate him? I doubt he has the balls to last even a couple of minutes before spilling out some secrets," grunted Doradrea while leaning back in her chair.
"Already tried that but Charles Ravenpor is never by himself these days; he’s always surrounded by at least five lackeys. It’ll be impossible to take action secretly with them there. Besides, we need to think about our actions from the entire academy’s perspective. No matter how many things we could get away with, it wouldn’t look good if a student was just taken in by us without proper reason," Kai argued, shaking his head.
Theodore pounded his fist on the table, tipping over a cup of water. "What the hell is the point of having something like the Disciplinary Committee if we can’t do anything in cases like this?"
"It can’t be helped. We know too little about what this group is planning on doing and more importantly, what they’re capable of. We have too little information on them and it doesn’t seem like there’s only a few of them," Claire sighed as she sat back down.
"...We need to wait for Director Goodsky to come back," I said.
"Of course that would be the best thing to do, but we have no idea where she is let alone when she’ll come back," our leader responded.
"If only Arthur was here," I mumbled aloud.
I immediately regretted what I said as my brother’s expression turned crestfallen as I mentioned him. They were both there and they were trying to stay strong. After getting the students back to the hospital, my brother told me that Professor Glory was planning on going back down with a reconnaissance team to look for Arthur. She’d said that there’s a high probability that he was still alive if he survived the fall because most likely, all of the mana beasts in the dungeon were on the first floor.
"Kat, I’m sorry, but we just can’t factor in Arthur as an element." My brother tried his best to fake a smile.
"...He’ll come soon." I must’ve said this aloud by mistake because everyone, even Theodore, gave me a pained look.
"Umm, excuse me?"
Every one of the Disciplinary Committee members, including myself, whipped our heads at the unexpected voice coming from the first floor of the room.
It was Arthur’s best friend, Elijah.
"Ah, you’re Arthur’s close friend, right?" Claire, who immediately softened her expression, motioned him upstairs.
"Yes, I’m sorry for intruding. I got to school a bit later than I expected but it’s great that you guys are all here. Listen, I know you guys are worried about Ar—"
Arthur’s friend was cut off by a series of thunderous explosions that shook even the reinforced walls of this room.





ELIJAH KNIGHT'S POV:
Holy crap…
What the hell is going on? All I did was miss half a day of school; suddenly Denton gets hung up, butt-naked, and now a building's on fire?
We had all just rushed out of the disciplinary committee room after hearing the explosion. Initially I thought that it was a spell gone wrong or something of that nature, but...
This looked more like a purposeful act of terrorism.
Who would do this? Why would someone do this? What was going on?
"Damn! It's them again," I overheard Theodore say, as if he'd predicted this.
The 'them' that Theodore was talking about—was he possibly referring to the same people that beat and humiliated Denton?
KATHYLN GLAYDER'S POV:
I remembered one time being lectured as a child by my home instructor. I had little memory of why I was chastised, but from what I was told, I had refused to participate in class with some of the other nobles' children; apparently, my mother had thought it was a good idea for me to make friends while I was learning.
That hadn't work out as smoothly as she had hoped it would because I ended up throwing a tantrum on the first day, saying that I didn't want to make friends with them because they weren't princesses like me.
Ignoring the kindly knitted words of discipline from the home instructor, I had barged into my room and slammed the door shut, refusing to come out.
Later that afternoon, after the other noble children and home instructor had left, my mother knocked on the door even though there was no lock.

She sat down next to me on my bed and ran her fingers gently through my hair; even though I couldn't remember how I responded, what she had said to me left such a lasting impression that, even as a six-year-old, I can still almost recall her exact words:
"My little Kathyln, I know you think you did nothing wrong; everyone gets angry and fights for what they believe in. What I want you to know, my little baby, is that before you are a princess, you are a person. It doesn't matter if it's a king, a servant, a powerful mage, an elf or a dwarf. A person is a person.
"Everyone is different and that is what makes everyone special in their own ways. Don't hate someone for something that they can't change. What if people didn't like you because you have round ears or because you have beautiful white skin? Or a perky little nose?"
She proceeded to tickle me in each of the parts she mentioned, leaving me in a fit of giggles.
My mother was sensible and smart but not in the least bit cold like her appearance sometimes implied. She cared for everyone as people, not as humans, elves, or dwarves. She disciplined my brother and me heavily when it came to any type of discrimination, whether it was by social classes or race.
At the sound of the explosions, all of us bolted up from our seats and immediately headed outside. I couldn't help but cringe, tightening my fists in both frustration and disappointment upon seeing the disastrous scene laid out before us.
There was a thick cloud of smoke rising from the area near the center of the campus.
Behind me, I could hear Claire click her tongue as she continued to mutter a string of curses under her breath.
Half of the recently-constructed building was up in flames while the other half was crumbling down, collapsing beneath its own weight. There were students evacuating out of the building while some capable staff members and professors nearby were already going into the building to look for those stranded or stuck.
"I should've known they would aim for this building at some point," Theodore swore aloud as he stomped his foot into the ground.
We hurriedly made our way to the site.
This building was named Tri-Union Hall. It served as both a museum and a monument for the alliance between the three races. My mother, who argued heavily to persuade the rest of the Council to erect this building was the happiest when it was first built.
She had explained to me that it had been built to be both a symbol as well as a place for the three races to learn about the differences in each other's cultures.
For it to have been a target, my assumption could also only lean towards the same radical group that had been creating a mess these days.

I strained my eyes, holding my tears back.
Claire ordered Kai to alert the rest of the professors and staff. When she ordered Feyrith and I to help the mages who were already there to put out the fire before it brought down the whole building, I couldn't help but notice his expression turning from angry to dejected.
I almost wanted to apologize, as if it was my fault. Doradrea didn't seem to take this whole event to heart but I could tell Feyrith wasn't as emotionally strong. I wanted him to know that not all humans thought like this but somehow the words got caught in my throat. I was never good at expressing my thoughts like my mother... or Arthur.
While supporting the professors that went inside the collapsing building, I spotted the Student Council, minus the president, making their way towards the scene as well.
Without even the time to exchange hellos, we all got to work. The water attribute mages helped put out the fire while earth and wind attribute mages kept the building from collapsing. A couple of other student mages were already chanting spells in harmony by the time we got there.
I haven't used water attribute spells as frequently after becoming accustomed to using the more powerful ice attribute ones but I was still fairly familiar with the spells because of the affinity they had for each other.
"Everyone, step aside!" From behind, a couple of professors were rushing toward us, wands already unsheathed.
After a few moments of mute chanting, one of the professors that taught an upper division magic warfare class, Professor Malkinheim, conjured a thick cloud of mist around the whole building.
The other professor, one that I didn't recognize, supported Professor Malkinheim and used the moisture from the mist cloud, which now surrounded the building, to evoke multiple water streams. The size of these two spells from just two professors were more than three times that of the meticulously prepared spells conjured by over ten students.
Within ten minutes, the monstrous fire was out and other professors were rushing inside while chanting spells which raised support beams made of earth to hold up the crumbling portion of the building.
As expected of professors… they were on a different level.
This train of thought led me to be reminded of the time Arthur had completely overwhelmed Professor Geist before taking over his class. Just how strong was Arthur then? What would he do in this situation?
Shaking my head, I reprimanded myself for thinking of Arthur again. Why did he pop into my mind so often? I needed to stay strong for when he comes back.
He was going to come back, right?

I began chanting again when I spotted a group of students hastily making their way out of the scene. I thought nothing of it at first until I got a glimpse of the student within the group—it was Charles Ravenpor.
Even from this distance, I could tell he was nervously darting his eyes around as he made his escape from the scene. When his eyes met mine, he quickly whipped his head around and quickened his pace.
Before I had the chance to do something, Theodore, who had been helping an injured student, spotted him as well, and without even a word, augmented his body before furiously dashing towards Charles.
"Someone help!" Charles shrieked. Unexpectedly, the group surrounding him did nothing to aid Charles, as he was easily grabbed and picked up by the collar, almost choking; instead, they acted frightened and confused.
Keeping my wand at the ready, I followed behind my brother who was also rushing towards Theodore and Charles.
"We need to ask you a couple of questions. If you would so kindly cut the crap and come with us," growled Theodore as he dragged the flailing Charles.
I usually didn't condone Theodore's rash behaviors, but this time—excuse me for these crude thoughts—I was hoping he would be a bit rougher with Charles. A small part of me, a very tiny part, wanted to stoop down to their level and use the same barbaric antics the radical group had to make a statement.
However, before Theodore had the chance to do anything else, a voice interrupted us.
"What's the meaning of this?!" Professor Malkinheim barked as he blocked Theodore's path.
Professor Malkinheim was of a scrawny build, with his main features being a balding head and a beak-like nose. You could tell the professor was rather conscious of his lack of hair by how he combed back the hairs growing on his side to try and cover up the bald spot on the crown of his head.
Professor Malkinheim wouldn't physically be able to hold someone as thickly built as Theodore down, but he had his needle-thin wand pointed directly at Theodore.
"I should be asking you the same thing, Professor!" Theodore snarled back as Charles, who was helplessly lying on the floor, wore a pleading look on his face.
"I wasn't aware that the prestigious disciplinary committee officers were mere thugs that would try to drag an innocent student away," Professor Malkinheim reprimanded as his wand remained fixed on Theodore.
"Innocent? Ha! This brat has been seen multiple times with the radical group you've been having such a hard time capturing. It can hardly be anything short of guilt by association. What, are you protecting a criminal right now?" I could tell Theodore was at his last straw as the ground underneath him started crumbling from his gravity infused mana.
"S-Someone save me from this brute! I'm innocent! I s-swear!" Charles, who was still on the ground trapped in Theodore's grasp, started whimpering as the ground underneath him started giving out as well.
"Theodore, I understand how you feel, but this isn't the right way to do things. Taking in a student without any evidence besides your word will lead to repercussions from parents and maybe even the Council. Please, we can't afford to be rash right now." The voice came from another professor who'd helped extinguish the flames; she got in between Professor Malkinheim and Theodore, trying to quell the tension.
"Professor Genert is right. Theodore, we can't go out of line right now. Too much is at stake to be reckless. Besides, there are more important things to do than this. We need to make sure that no one had been left inside that building," Curtis said, his face a mixture of frustration and helplessness.
Wordlessly, Theodore threw the quivering Charles Ravenpor back toward his groupies and shot Professor Malkenheim one last threatening look before walking away. Professor Malkenheim just clicked his tongue in response and walked in the other direction after yelling at the students who were spectating to disperse.
I shifted my glance towards Charles Ravenpor, who was getting carried away by his friends. His disheveled bangs were covering most of his face but there was an unmistakable smirk plastered below his nose.





ARTHUR LEYWIN'S POV:
The night before~
"Do you really have to leave again? You just got here." My mother heaved a sigh as she looked at me from the other side of the dining table.
"Brother, you're going away again? Are you going to almost die again?" my sister asked with a straight face, making her latter question sting all the more. I could tell she was pouting by how her left cheek slightly puffed out more than usual despite her trying to keep a poker face.
"Eleanor! Don't say such things to your brother," my mother chastised as she pinched my sister's cheek.
"Arthur, I consider you grown up now. I know that your decisions were made in consideration of your family. Father supports your decision to go... since it's for the sake of your love," my father affirmed as he gave me a thumbs up, the edges of his lips curling upward.
"Oh God, Dad, please stop," I groaned at the misunderstanding of being taken as some kind of hormone-induced pubescent that had just been caught with a girlfriend.
"Hehe!" A giggle escaped from my mother's lips. Despite her efforts to try and quickly cover her mouth and resume a serious face, it was already too late.
I could feel my face burning so I just looked down, shaking my head, unsure of which was worse: my parents worrying about me, or them teasing me like this.
Meanwhile, Elijah quietly sat next to me, wide-eyed, sucking his lips in to make sure he didn't laugh as well; his expression seemed to to be saying, 'I'm not doing anything wrong. Nope!' making me sigh all the harder.
"Kyu!" 'Papa will be fine! I'm going to protect him this time!' Sylvie hopped up and down on top of the table.
"It's only going to take a couple of days, and I'll be with Grandpa Virion. Nesides, next week is the Aurora Constellate, so I'll be back home for a while. Like I said in the beginning, this matter is serious," I tried convincing my parents who were already lost in their own imaginations.
"Well, we can't keep babying you forever. You are growing up, I guess, in more ways than one. Just remember that it's better to take things slow, Art. Though, I'm sure you'll at least do better than your father," my mother mused as she looked helplessly at my father who got caught off guard by this surprise attack.
My father, who had been doing his best in both his duty as a guard instructor and in his training, looked like he was just stabbed as the teasing comments pierced through his body.
I couldn't help but give them a wry smile before looking at Elijah.
"Don't worry, I'll let everyone know that you're still alive and coming back soon," Elijah responded as he put his hand on my shoulder while giving me a rather dubious thumbs up.
"I will be back soon," I reiterated while letting out a doubtful breath.
I stood up, giving each of them a final hug, which had become a sort of customary thing to do in our family. Sylvie, who was caught in my sister's grasp, struggled to break free.

Taking a quick glance at both my mother and sister, I made sure they still had the Phoenix Wyrm necklaces on them just in case.
Seeing the white-gold chains twinkle around their necks, I said one last goodbye to all of them and went into the carriage waiting for me outside, Sylvie scampering behind me.
Inside the well-suspended carriage pulled by a large horse, I began fiddling with the gold-speckled orb, trying to glean what exactly it was.
Every time I tried imbuing mana into the orb though, there wasn't any sort of response or reaction, almost as if it was just what it appeared to be… a marble.
Clicking my tongue in frustration, I put the orb back inside my ring. The ride to the teleportation gate would most likely be the only time I would have to get some sleep so I tried to make the most of it.
It is necessary, King Grey...
It is of utmost importance to bring stability to our country...
To show the people of our country, YOUR country, that you are their King and that you fight for us, it is necessary to kill her...
Kill her, King Grey, so that the world will know not to trifle with your country…
Kill her...
I shot up from the carriage seat, gasping for air. The sound of my pounding heart hammered all the way up to my head and I felt the cold air, which leaked inside the carriage, against my sweat-filled forehead. It took me a bit to realize that I had just been dreaming. Sinking back down into my seat, I wiped the cold sweat off my brows as Sylvie, who must've fallen off of me when I woke up, jumped back onto my lap with a worried gaze.
As I squeezed my eyes shut, hoping that would help me get rid of the disturbing memory I had forgotten for a while, I felt Sylvie's rough tongue on the back of my hand.
"It's okay, Sylv. I'm fine," I assured her while petting her ears.
Why did that memory have to come up now…
Unable to fall back asleep, I talked to Sylvie to pass the time. It started from small conversations about her time when she was training by herself to teaching her about the various objects and scenery we passed in the remaining duration of the carriage ride. Throughout the months, Sylvie's mental growth had been rapidly increasing. Her knowledge and maturity had long passed a human of her age.
I wished at times that there would be more opportunities to train with my bond. Having seen Curtis and his World Lion in duels, I could tell that they spent numerous hours training together.
When we arrived at the destination, the moon was still high overhead, illuminating the warmly lit floating city of Xyrus. The guard stationed in front of the gate leading to Elenoir Kingdom hurried over to us with his left hand gripping the pommel of the sword strapped to his waist.
"State your reason for passage and proof of verification," the rugged guard demanded as his left hand eased off his sword, seeing that I was just a kid.

For some reason, his voice sounded vaguely familiar, and not just in a he-had-a-common-voice sort of way. Shrugging it off and pushing that nagging thought towards the back of my mind, I focused on the situation at hand.
Uncertain of what to say, I remembered that I still had the silver compass Virion gave me way back when I was a child. It had the insignia of the Eralith family so maybe it could be use as sufficient proof.
Wordlessly, I stuck my hand in my pocket and took out the compass from my ring outside of the guard's view and showed it to him.
"Hmm, I asked for the rea... th-this is the… right this way, sir. My apologies for being so disrespectful. I had no idea you had such close ties with the royal family." The crude expression was nowhere to be seen as he bowed down and hurriedly went back to the gate, activating it.
After the runes around the portal entrance glowed and started humming in a low pitch, he jogged back to us with an apologetic look on his face.
"Unfortunately, the gate can't immediately take you to the inside of the kingdom, but it will be in a relatively close vicinity to one of the entrances," the guard disclosed contritely, as if it was his fault.
"Mmm, that's fine. Thank you," I nodded.
Hmm… it seemed this was more than just a simple compass.
The humming coming from the portal intensified, while the ancient magic runes opened the portal. I turned my head back to see the guard giving me an exaggerated bow.
As my right foot stepped into the portal and I felt the familiar sensation of my body getting sucked in; the guard looked up.
The rugged-looking guard with scars etched on his face was gone, replacing it was the old man from the elixir store.
With a cheeky grin, he gave me a wink before saying, "Have a safe trip, young lad."
CYNTHIA GOODSKY'S POV:
When I reached a clearing in the woods, I heard the faint mumbling of chants with my enhanced hearing.
[Wind Cutter]
Dozens of nearly-transparent blades of compressed air whizzed towards me at a frightening speed.
Of course it was only natural that all of these spies would be wind mages.
I stood still, waiting for the wind blades to reach me before releasing a sound barrier.

Unscathed, I continued walking while I finished my second spell.
[Pulse Field]
The unlucky birds and rodent in the vicinity fell victim and dropped dead from the trees they were hiding in; along with them, a few unprepared spies also took the brunt and fell from their own hiding places, clutching their ears in agony. I had all of their locations.
Before I had the chance to send out another spell, I was forced to dodge a needle that managed to avoid my senses until the last second. Taking a quick look down, I could tell the projectile was coated with poison.
"Avier, take the ones to my right," I stated monotonically.
'Aye,' my bond confirmed back through mental transmission.
Avier descended from the moonlit sky, and before long, I could hear the brief groans and howling of the spies that became prey.
A pity that their screams would never be heard.
On my side, I had to control myself to keep at least a few of them alive and able so I could get some information out of them.
In the end, only one managed to survive long enough to be questioned...
"GAAAAAAAAHHH!" the spy that was currently underneath me wailed.
It was fairly simple to torture him after destroying his mana core. Without magic protecting him, his body were simply too frail. I proceeded to crush his bones from the inside after giving him the chance to answer my questions. He remained unrelenting.
"Heh! You think I'll tell anything to a traitor? You made a big mistake. They're slowly regaining their... former strength. Just from the questions you asked, you assumed this continent had decades left, huh? Pfft! the people of this continent... will have less than ten years before the war begins." He smirked, spitting the blood congealing inside his mouth at my face.
My cheeks couldn't help but cramp at the confirmation of my fears. Pushing down my frustration, I placed my hand on the injured spy's head.
His voice choking on the blood accumulating in his mouth, he croaked, "Long live the—"
His voice was cut short as liquid brain matter began leaking out from his ears and blood started dripping down his other orifices as the sound pulse I inflicted on the inside of his skull mashed his brain.
Dropping the lifeless body on the ground, I let out a sigh. Turning back, I made haste to my next destination, careful to avoid the corpses scattered on the ground.
"Do you mind cleaning up the mess, Avier?" I said apologetically.
"Human meat is too stringy for my taste, but I suppose it will have to do for now." As my bond said this, his owl-like body began to glow before transforming into his wyvern form.
With only the moonlight illuminating the woods, the crunch of bones echoed loudly as Avier feasted on yet another batch of spies that had come from my homeland.
I let out a disappointed breath of air from the fruitless night as I wiped the blood off my face while changing my outer attire. My years on this continent had made me too soft. The apathy that I had once built towards death and torture was gone—replacing it with a sour taste in my mouth, just from killing a few brainwashed soldiers.
But even still… this was too easy…
Were they just a diversion?
Avier, who rarely let me ride on his back, carried me off to our next destination. I just hoped that my suspicions weren't correct.





ELIJAH KNIGHT’S POV:
By the time the DC officers and Student Council got out of the meeting with the professors, it was already late into the night.
I took that chance to tell them all what I couldn’t earlier—that Arthur was alive and safe.
"Yes! I knew it! I knew he’d survive." Claire had sunk down in her chair as she covered her face with her arms, probably to hide the stray tears that were sliding down her cheeks.
Curtis just let out a huge breath of relief as he leaned back against the wall; but it was Princess Kathyln’s reaction that caught me off guard.
For once, I could visibly see her face brighten as she studied me to make sure I wasn’t lying. I could almost see her chocolate-colored eyes twinkle as they turned up and a rare smikle formed.
"Thank God," she muttered over and over under her breath after I reaffirmed the information with an awkward nod.
"As expected of my—sniff—rival. Mhmm." The elf that kept insisting that he was Arthur’s rival had a presuming look on his face as though he was the one that saved Arthur or something but the mucus leaking from his nose betrayed his expression.
"Heh, I knew the twerp wouldn’t die from just a fall," the bear leaning back on his chair scoffed. Theodore tried to play it off casually but the half-grin he tried to hold back told everyone that he was quite glad.
Kai, I think that was his name, responded very indifferently with a smile that looked superficially drawn.
"Looks like I’ll get my duel after all." The buff midget, too ugly to be deemed anything but an "attractive" dwarf, nodded in anticipation, her arms crossed to show off her bulging veins.
Ugh, I’m recalling some unpleasant memories again.
Fairly obvious that they were all relieved, they didn’t mind that he wouldn’t be back to help out with the situation at hand for a bit longer.
Just the opposite—it felt like they wanted this whole fiasco taken care of before Arthur and Tessia got back.

This was odd because, more so than the professors here, I felt like Arthur would be able to do something about this mess if our Director didn’t get back in time.
I had told the Disciplinary Committee officers about Arthur after the Tri-Union Building site was under control. Luckily no one died and only a few students were mildly injured. An emitter brought over from the Adventurer’s Guild healed them and they were taken to the treatment ward where, before their parents came, they’d given their account for what happened inside.
The atmosphere within the academy had taken a turn for the worse as there was a clear split between the students now. The newly admitted elves and dwarves were furious, generalizing that all humans were racist brutes, while the prideful human students had no intention of taking the blame for the actions of others.
The few human students that did feel bad for what had happened ended up being ostracized by both sides. In the end, they just took a neutral stance, too afraid to say anything since at this point, the situation was too volatile; everyone was trying to find someone else to blame.
It was weird how people acted more recklessly when they banded together, like they got strength from each other. Both sides became more vocal after the building was put out and almost turned physical until the professors told them all to disperse.
Restless at this whole event, I ended up stopping by the training room that Arthur had allowed me access to. I normally didn’t use it, but since both Arthur and Tessia weren’t here, I decided it would be okay.
The guard eyed me funny but the front desk lady named Chloe was friendly enough to escort me personally into the room.
"Haaa..." I let out a deep breath as I felt my mana core tremble in excitement to let loose.
Unlike Arthur, I’d been learning a lot since I came to this academy; a lot of practical aspects applicable to my magic seemed to work differently for me compared to others.
One thing I noticed was that meditating didn’t do much for me. My mana core developed and strengthened at its own pace and any conscious effort to refine more mana from the atmosphere didn’t seem to help.
Even without any real effort, I broke through into the light orange stage but after reaching this stage, I just couldn’t seem to make any gains.
I clenched my hands into fists and then released, repeating this motion as if my hands weren’t my own.
[Earthen Spear]
I felt mana well up in me at the activation of the spell and immediately a rock spike shot up from the ground a couple meters in front of me.

[Earthen Spear]
I cast, this time with more mana imbued into the spell.
Two thick spears of earth shot up at an angle in front of me. To be honest, even casting with the name of the spell was unnecessary for me. It just become a habit for me so that I could keep a firm vision of what I wanted to evoke but if I practiced more, maybe I could even instantly cast multiple streams of spells at once.
[Stone Barrage]
This time, the ground underneath me crumbled as chunks of earth began levitating. After a couple moments of concentration, I willed the rocks to shoot forward.
Only four of the ten rocks I shot actually hit the tree that I deemed the target, making me a bit disappointed.
If I couldn’t meditate to strengthen my mana core like everyone else, I might as well get better at controlling the spells at hand.
I learned in my Mana Utilization class what affinity towards a certain element exactly meant. For a mage with very little affinity to fire, it basically meant that mage had to be a lot more precise in conjuring the spell, which also meant that the vocal incantation of the spell needed to be longer. Each verse of an incantation that we chanted shaped the type of phenomenon we wanted to occur. For the rock bullet spell, a mage with little affinity would need to have a verse for each step he took: beginning from the shape of the rock, the density, where it would be made from; if you added in a spin to the bullet you would need to have a verse for that as well. Not forgetting the initial trajectory of the spell either, or if you wanted the rock bullet strengthened so that it would pierce the target, or explode upon impact—all of these would add up to a pretty long chant.
All these "factors" of the spell could easily just be imagined by a mage that had great affinity to the element. Mages stuck with the element that they had the highest affinity towards so that they could best utilize their mana and mental capacity.
For me, the earth below me felt like an extension of my body; maybe it was because I grew up with dwarves but I always had this nagging thought in the back of my mind that even amongst them I wasn’t normal. I didn’t mean not normal in a genius sort of way like Arthur was, but in a freak-of-nature sort of way.
Well, I guess Arthur was sort of a freak of nature in his own way...
It was an odd little train of thought. Those facts about my body or my disposition weren’t top-secret stuff, but I didn’t explicitly tell anyone either. I considered telling Arthur about the differences in my body, but I always missed the timing and it just didn’t seem urgent enough to pull him aside and tell him.
It was good in a way because I felt like maybe, just maybe, I could some day catch up to Arthur if I trained hard enough.
Yeah, I know he was a solid yellow quadra-elemental mage with a dragon’s will and he somehow had freakishly superb skills in close combat but hey, a guy could dream, right?

I conjured more spells, half to practice, half to relieve the pent up frustration. I wanted to catch up to Arthur, not because I wanted to be better than him, but because I wanted to help him. I felt like he always had his own battles he was facing. As his best friend, I wanted to have his back, whether through good times, or through war. I didn’t know what sort of things he was going through but if I was going to be with him, I needed to get stronger.
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
I wanted to turn back, but it was too late; I was already inside the portal. The trip through the transportation never lasted longer than a few moments of unpleasant dizziness but this time, it felt longer... no. It WAS longer.
"Kuu..." Sylvie, who stuck to my head like glue began trembling.
’It feels wrong, Papa,’ Sylvie transmitted, her inner thoughts traced with worry.
The journey through the transportation gate looked as though you were fast-forwarding to your destination. You’re standing on a platform as a blur of different colors race by as the background gets lighter and lighter until you disappear into the light, exiting out the other end. It was a peculiar sensation that I couldn’t seem to describe in words but this time, it was different.
The space around us distorted into a blur of colors like usual but instead of getting brighter, the color around of us drained and turned dimmer and dimmer, until it was pitch black.
’Papa, I’m scared.’ Sylvie’s trembling on my head was the only way I knew my bond was still there.
This was the first time Sylvie had told me she was scared. There were times when she was on guard, or alert, but she was never frightened.
The sensation of travelling through the gate that normally made me nauseous also ceased so I tautly augmented a ball of flame above my palm.
"What the hell..." It was bizarre. The ball of fire that was supposed to be giving me at least some sort of vision didn’t do anything. Almost like trying to color in a red ball on a black piece of paper, it had no effect on the pitch black darkness.
An unsettling feeling loomed over me. I crumbled to my knees and instantly augmented my body with mana.
I was scared.
What sort of monster was here that had a thick enough malicious intent to make me fall to my knees?
I couldn’t stop shivering and the mana in my body dispersed, refusing to listen to me from the lack of mental control I had over myself.
For the first time in a long while, I felt like a child—an actual, helpless child in front of the boogeyman.
"Who’s there?" I tried my best to roar but my shaking voice betrayed me.
Just then, a pair of eyes came into view out of nowhere. I knew exactly whom this pair of eyes belonged to. I was sure of it; yet, it didn’t comfort me or help me in knowing at all.
The pair of glowing white eyes speckled with stars, that captivated me the first time I saw them, grew close. An authoritative voice that was devoid of emotion pierced through me, as if he was speaking directly into my ear.
"At last. We now have a bit of privacy to peacefully converse."





LUCAS WYKES’ POV:
"And what the hell is this supposed to be?" I raised an eyebrow, looking around inside the dimly lit room that reminded me of some crudely built wine cellar.
It was that poor excuse of a mage from the Ravenpor House that brought me here, telling me that it would be something I’d be interested in.
I normally would’ve blasted that sod away when he talked to me so arrogantly, like he was doing me a favor; but I was quite curious, especially after the explosion at the Tri-Union Building earlier today.
"Welcome to one of the many humble dwellings that we use to hold our meetings," said a coarse voice. I was surrounded by at least sixty hooded figures, but only the one sitting lazily in the middle while addressing me had a mask on.
It was a plain white mask with two small eyeholes and a smile crudely drawn where the mouth should be. The mask was rather simple enough but the simply drawn smile gave off a sinister feel.
Charles Ravenpor, who was next to me, put on his own hooded robe and knelt down on one knee with his head bowed.
"My lord, I have brought Lucas Wykes like you asked," he said in a careful, hushed tone.
"Ahh, the famous Mr. Wykes, here in the flesh! So glad you could join us for our little...crusade!" he laughed, averting his attention from Charles.
I looked around. "I’m not here to join anything. I came here out of curiosity, but I’m not impressed. Who are you supposed to be, anyway? You don’t seem to be a student... Don’t tell me you’re a professor?" I scoffed.
"How dare you! You should be grateful that we even considered letting a mutt like you join us!" one of the hooded figures to my right hissed.
"A mutt?" I echoed back, feeling a vein bulging from the side of my forehead.
I soundlessly prepared a spell for the ingrate who dared to mock me, but before I could finish the chant, the man behind the smiling mask snapped his fingers.

Suddenly, the hooded snob that call me a mutt let out a shrill howl as he combusted into flames.
I couldn’t help but click my tongue. Even for instant casting, that was fast... frighteningly so.
"Now, now. That isn’t a very courteous thing to say to our newest member, right?" As the masked man, who was still lazily sagged down on his earthen throne, spoke, the fire had already burned through the boy’s robe, burning his skin.
"F-Forgive me! I was wrong. I apologize! P-Please!" he begged as he desperately tried to crawl toward the masked man. Meanwhile, the other hooded figures were too scared to do anything to help him.
Turning away from the hooded figure still screaming in pain, I faced the masked man. "Before I decide whether I want to even join this little cult of yours, what is it you’re trying to accomplish, and why do you even need me?"
I couldn’t sense his mana core but it didn’t seem like I was on the same level as him.
"Circumstances make it unable for me to personally act for now, so I need some capable mages in order to thoroughly complete my plans. You see, I hate leaving loose ends," he explained as he used an arm to prop his head up.
"Taking advantage of your director’s absence, it is the opportune time to act so that by the time she comes back, it will all be too late," he continued. After snapping his fingers again, the fire suddenly disappeared, leaving the boy twitching from the pain.
"And as for what I hope to do, let’s just say that my goals coincide with these folks and I simply thought that it’d be nice to kill two birds with one stone. Everyone here is a dissatisfied human noble that once took pride in the fact that this academy was meant only for the purest of lineage. While you may be a special exception to this case, I would still like to have you on board," he answered plainly.
"Besides, the whole ’accept all’ motto that this academy now follows makes me want to barf. Don’t you agree, Mr. Wykes?" As he said this, the hooded figures all nodded fiercely in agreement. Just from his tone, I could tell that this guy was smirking behind his mask.
"Whether they make you want to barf or not doesn’t matter to me. Why waste my time and energy on bugs I could squish at any time? The peasants that were able to weed their way into this academy aren’t any better than the low-class adventurer thugs that go around blindly flailing their weapons. Even the nobles that were brought up in the most pampered conditions aren’t worth crap to me. If this is all that you have to say, then I have no reason to lower myself to be put on some leash and take commands from you," I snapped at him, turning my back.
"Lucas, what a hurtful thing to say. How could you ever compare yourself to some sort of dog tied to a leash?" He covered his mouth with his hands, sarcastically, like he was actually surprised.
"It seems like what I’ve heard is true. That you are a rather prideful mage that looks down on people of low birth. Did your friend, Arthur Leywin, not prove you wrong in this aspect?" The coarse voice playfully egged me on, making me stop in my tracks.

I whipped my head around. "What did you—"
"It doesn’t take a genius to figure out that, although you were hailed as a prodigy in the field of magic and have been pampered with elixirs and strengthening methods since your awakening, you aren’t a match for the child, Arthur Leywin," he shrugged, holding his hand up.
I could feel my fists whiten in frustration, but he cut me off before I was able to refute.
"The sad thing is, he was never even trying. I bet even you always had a nagging suspicion that he had always been holding back, hahahaha!" He erupted into a fit of laughter as he clutched his stomach, legs kicking in the air.
"Who do you think you are?" I growled.
My body was already glowing as mana spilled out from my mana core, ready to fire at him, but I never did. This throbbing sense told me to not mess with him, like it was... hopeless.
No! I’m Lucas Wykes of the Wykes Family!
But who the hell was he and why did he talk like he was here the whole time, watching over us?
"I told you. I am but a mere benefactor that came here for the betterment of this land." As he said this, he got up and gave an exaggerated bow with his arms spread out.
Sitting back down on his crude throne, he continued, "Mr. Wykes, I believe that, even if our views aren’t the same, we could have some sort of mutual benefit in this."
"Go on," I said through gritted teeth.
He ignored the fact that I was still completely surrounded by fire attribute mana, dangerously close to releasing it.
"Soon, I will be able to personally take part in this and when I do, I want to completely shatter the frail glue holding the three races together. However, until that time comes, I need your strength to help run things smoothly," he explained.

"How do you personally plan on splitting up the three races and why would you think that doing this would even benefit me in any way? Besides, you think The Council and the Lances were made just for decoration?" I argued.
"The Council is tied up with various things at the moment, and I’ve taken extra precautions to make sure that your director is held up and out of reach. The field is set, Mr. Wykes, so let me ask you this—how would you like to have the ever so cautious Arthur Leywin fight you at his full strength, and for you to obtain the necessary power to defeat him even then?" He lifted his hand up, beckoning me toward him.
"How do you know about Arthur?" I pried, growing more cautious.
The man in the mask shrugged. "It’s obvious that I’d do at least some research on my lovely recruits. So how about it... the power to defeat even your beloved Arthur?"
I remained silent, unable to make heads or tails out of this character.
"As long as you agree, I promise that you will get your hands on a level of power that you never thought was possible," he continued.
I looked at the hooded figures and could tell that they were interested as well, but stayed quiet due to the fear of becoming the next victim of the masked man’s ’discipline.’
This was all too good to be true.
"If what you say is true and he has been cautiously hiding his powers to the extent that he has, how are you going to get him to fight me at his best?" I scoffed, unwilling to believe.
"Quite simple, actually, and it is also a task that I need to get done as well so it works out. Arthur is only human and he holds great importance to his family and his friends, but particularly more so to one person," he says as he lifted his index finger up, the smile on the mask most likely matching the sinister expression he had as well.
"Tessia Eralith..." I whispered, unable to hide the smirk on my face.
"Yes! Tessia Eralith! An elf! In this sacred Xyrus Academy, an elf is the leader of the students! Do all of you think this is right?" he bellowed at everyone so his voice echoed in the small dungeon.
"NO!" the hooded figures all roared in unison.
"She may not be here yet but I reckon she will soon, and most likely with Arthur. Don’t you think that maybe a bit of elf princess blood being shed ought to get your buddy ’ol pal, Arthur, riled up?" he sneered as his hands ignited in flames.
I never cared for the elf princess besides thinking that she suited my tastes. I let her be since her body hadn’t even matured yet but it did seem like something was going on between her and Arthur. Who did he think he was anyways, to think that he deserved someone like the princess of the elven kingdom?
He was just a lowly peasant.
As I began playing through the possible scenarios in my head, I couldn’t help my lips from slowly curling upwards as I imagined his precious little lover’s life in my grasp as Arthur begged me to stop. The brat who always thought he was better than I was...on his knees.
I wondered if he’d lose his sanity if I were to slowly bleed her in front of him?
I began licking my lips in anticipation. "Why the hell not!"





ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
"At last, we finally have a bit of privacy to peacefully converse," a voice rang in my ear.
As soon as it spoke, the space around us began warping. Sylvie’s trembling became so severe that I couldn’t keep her perched on my head and had to hold her firmly in my arms.
Suddenly, in the midst of the chaos that was forming around us, we were in a blank white room.
I stared dumbly around my perimeter but couldn’t find the words to express my confusion. Without being able to muster up even a voice to curse in surprise, I just idly waited.
In this white cube, it was only me, a quivering Sylvie, and the source of the all too familiar speckled pair of eyes.
By the time my eyes were able to adjust to the sudden brightness, I could make out the cat taking in a deep breath.
"Haa..."
Did it just sigh at me?
As I continued to kneel while clutching my bond, the cat I had seen at ’Windsom’s Potions and Elixirs’ started shaking its head at me after a little while.
It really was the same cat I saw back then...
The peculiarly eye-catching cat was sitting in a poised manner, its tail swaying hypnotically as its eyes locked onto mine. As the cat’s gaze bored deeper into me, I began feeling like some sort of raw material being appraised by a veteran merchant who was deciding whether to buy me out or not.
I snapped out of my daze and began looking for the old man to pop out. As I was about to say something aloud, the cat started glowing in a golden white light that spread over its entire body.
Interrupted, I just kept my mouth shut and waited for the surprises to end. For some reason, I felt like no matter what I did at this point, I couldn’t stop whatever was about to happen. It was an instinctual reaction that for some reason I just couldn’t ignore.
While the aura and demeanor of this cat was heavy and oppressive, I knew that it didn’t want to hurt me; otherwise, I would’ve been dead already.

The golden-white light began to change its shape and enlarge, changing from the form of a cat to that of a human.
As if it was made of glass, the sparkling human-shaped glow shattered into fragments of light, revealing someone I couldn’t recognize.
"Greetings. I go by Windsom," the man sniffed deprecatingly.
The man that had transformed from a cat spoke with an elegance that matched his appearance. On the top of his sculpted face was a bed of short platinum blond hair that was neatly swept to the side. His deep-set eyes, that had not changed from when he was a cat, almost seemed to touch his permanently furrowed brows. There was a sense of nobility in his gaze as he continued to lock onto me.
While neither burly nor muscular, his square shoulders, underneath a military-like uniform he’d conjured after transforming, told me he was a warrior... a fighter like myself.
His thin lips tightened as he let out another sigh of disapproval through his sharp nose. Peering down at Sylvie and me, he spoke again.
"I felt this form would be more appropriate for our conversation," the man announced matter-of-factly.
I opened my mouth to say something but I held back. If he’d just disclosed he was Windsom, then what about the old man who stole my money? Was the man I originally thought was the owner of the elixir store just my own incorrect assumption? Then who was the old man? Windsom’s attendant?
Composing myself, I let Sylvie down and stood up.
I dusted my clothes off and responded, "Before, we continue, I’d like to confirm a few things."
"..."
Windsom tilted his head to the side, thrown off by my sudden sharp and incisive tone.
"Since you lured me here for a reason and with Tessia as bait, is it safe to assume that she’s alright?" I asked, taking the glittering marble ball out from my dimension ring.
After a slight pause, he replied, nodding, "Yes, your little elf princess is fine. I had already taken precautionary measures before you made your way here. She should be recuperating to a certain extent with her grandfather back at the elf kingdom.
That, on the other hand"—Windsom pointed at the marble in my hand—"is for you to keep."

It was my turn to be surprised.
"For me?" I asked.
"Yes. Do you know how hard it is to acquire an elixir pearl of that quality? Yet it went to waste on your little lover. In fact, it was too strong for her, which was why I had to waste another precious elixir to keep her body from...well, exploding." He let out another deep breath as he regarded me with the arrogance of a noble discussing politics with an ignorant bumpkin.
"Excuse me? Explode?" I sputtered, about to refute.
While taking a couple of steps toward me, he interrupted, "Well, I suppose without it, she would’ve been dead by now so it wasn’t a complete waste. Still, don’t give that one away and take the time to absorb the elixir pearl with your bond. It’ll help with your training quite a bit."
Sylvie tilted her head in confusion while taking a look at the marble in my hand. Her shivering seemed to stop after Windsom controlled the pressure he was releasing.
I shook my head at this. "Shouldn’t it be common courtesy to tell me exactly what is going on? Who or what exactly are you? Why did you bring me here?"
"Patience really isn’t a strong suit of yours, now is it? Very well, if I were to introduce myself in a way that would be easy for you to comprehend it’d sound a little something like this: I come from the land of asuras and am what you lesser races call a ’deity.’" Windsom’s eyes remain unwavering as he said this.
"Deity? The deities that supposedly blessed the three races with artifacts that basically allowed them to eventually use magic?"
"Yes yes," he nodded impatiently. "Keep in mind that what I’m about to tell you dates back centuries ago, with any form of records or accounts having been destroyed or possibly having never been written in the first place. It is in our best interest that we keep it this way.
"The extent of knowledge that you have lies in what the former elf king had told you. A deity blessing the three races with a set of artifacts that eventually allowed future generations to learn what you now call ’magic.’ That was just the outcome of what had happened prior; something that no one on this land knows about," Windsom continued narrating with his back ramrod straight, like he was lecturing a class.
I stayed silent, letting him continue.
"As you lot have recently discovered, there exists another continent in this world. The only two bodies of land that makes up the two ends of this world have always existed and have been protected and watched over by us. We asuras are and have been governed by a doctrine, a noblesse oblige of sorts if you put it simply, since the beginning of our existence. We are not to lay a hand on the lesser races inhabiting the land below, making sure only to act in times when either of the two continents fall out of balance or are on the brink of extinction." He let out a sigh as he turned his back toward us. "That was, until we found out that this sacred rule had been broken."
The look I had on my face must’ve given my thoughts away because Windsom replied, "I can imagine the multitude of questions you may have but the information that I’m sharing with you currently is only what you will need to know at this point. We have time, although not much of it, and telling you too much now will only distract you."
Not much time?

It will only distract me?
Him telling me this only flooded my mind with even more questions, but I just took a deep breath and signaled for him to carry on as Sylvie kept looking back and forth between the two of us in confusion.
He gave a nod back and continued.
"Despite how you may refer to us as deities, we are far from gods... or rather, we’re far closer to you than you think. Much of the economy in Dicathen and Alacrya was originally mimicked after the systems of my land Epheotus, the land of asuras."
Epheotus and Alacrya...
"Of course, while Epheotus isn’t nearly as large as either of the surface continents, much of how the gears of society work is comparable. Epheotus was once divided into three factions that were made up of multiple clans in each of them. Boiling it down quite a bit, the ruling clan of each faction had their own nuance in ideals, which congregated the other clans to join either of the three factions. While ideals may have been different, every clan of asuras still kept to the paramount creed that we were not to lay a hand against the lesser races. However, after Agrona, the successor of the Vritra Clan, came into power, things quickly changed."
The name Vritra rang in my mind like thunder. Vritra wasn’t the name of the black-horned demon but the name of its clan?
"What was this Agrona like and what happened to the Vritra Clan?" I leaned forward in anticipation.
I could tell Windsom had to pause for a bit to gather his thoughts. "The Vritra Clan had always been an anomaly. It’s simplest to imagine them as scientists of sorts. While their innate magic is unique and versatile, it was never as powerful as the other clans’ mana arts. However, coupled with their genius minds and insatiable curiosity, they were always one of the central clans."
"If they’d always been one of the stronger clans, how come things became so different once the Vritra Clan came into power?" I queried.
"A clan being strong and a clan becoming a leader of a faction are two different things. Again, think of the Vritra Clan as scientists, as researchers. The clan had very little interest in anything other than gaining knowledge and insight on utilizing mana. Like ivory tower residents, they were secluded knowledge seekers that only pursued what they could not yet comprehend; the previous head of the clan was even more so fervent in his quest to overcome the impossible. However, Agrona... he was different. While charismatic and intelligent, he was arrogant and power-hungry. He believed that the asuras were never meant to watch over the lesser races but rather rule over them as their gods," he clarified.
Windsom’s face tensed as continued speaking. "After Agrona began leading the Vritra Clan, however, their strength abruptly increased unnaturally. No one could figure out how Agrona could advance the Vritra Clan’s mana power in such a short time. Eventually, through their rise in power, they were able to rally up more clans to share his ideals and the Vritra Clan soon led a faction on par with either of the other two existing factions.
"It was only later that we found out that Agrona and a few other of the Vritra Clan had secretly been making trips to the Continent of Alacrya. While it wasn’t forbidden for us to go down to Dicathen or Alacrya as long as we concealed ourselves, their movements and behaviors were eerily suspicious. After the other two factions found out about this, they sent out scouts to figure out what they were up to." I could see Windsom’s knuckles whiten by how hard he was clenching his fists.
"Agrona and the Vritra Clan had been inhumanely torturing the lesser races by experimenting on their bodies to find different ways to enhance their own abilities..."
Scenes from my past flashed in my mind at this. The different dungeons becoming corrupted, traces of the black-horned demons that kept appearing all clicked together at Windsom’s last statement.
"Being brutally honest, this information was enlightening and all, but what does this have to do with me? Why tell me all of this? I can’t imagine what could make a deity or asura or whatever single me out to reveal something as important as this."
"You’re right. Besides your own abilities, which are barely noteworthy by our standards, there really shouldn’t be a reason to tell you all of this. The only reason I do so is because of your ties to us," he answered, pointing down.
"Kyu?"
I subconsciously stepped in front of Sylvie to protect her.
"We’ve been searching for Lady Sylvia for years with no success, yet after finally finding traces of her mana, it led me to a little boy with her exact mana signature; what’s even more shocking is that, after watching over him, he held in his hands a deity. Arthur, you are currently bonded with the child of my master’s only daughter, and the granddaughter of the highest level of power in the leading faction of Epheotus."





The fact that all of this was somehow connected to Sylvia didn’t surprise me. If anything, it just confirmed everything that I had presumed until now.
But...
Lady Sylvia...
The daughter of the highest position of power in a land of deities...
Even with my status as a king in my previous life, a figure of such stature would be someone I could only kneel down in submission to.
A dry lump caught in my throat as I stared down at my bond. Of course, the possibility of Sylvie being the actual child of Sylvia was always there, but due to the circumstances of her being chased by the black-horned demons... the Vritra Clan, I could never confirm. The fact that Sylvie’s appearance looked vastly different from her mother also didn’t help.
Grandpa Virion’s voice suddenly popped into my mind. He was the one that confirmed that Sylvie was a dragon. From what he told me and what I’d read, while dragons were extraordinarily rare and powerful, nothing mentioned them being higher beings, let alone Asuras.
"So are the dragons written down in past texts actually deities?" I inquired.
Windsom faced me, letting out an impatient sigh. "No. While there are lesser races that have descended from us deities, it is rather offensive to compare us. I will put aside the biology lesson for another time, but there are general facts you do need to know. While there are special exceptions due to innate differences in each clan, in most cases, deities have three main forms. The humanoid form that I am in currently, a draconic form which is most likely the form that Lady Sylvia had used to pass down her will to you, and a third form which integrates both humanoid and draconic aspects."
"Then you’re saying that Sylvie has a human form?" I couldn’t help but point a finger at my bond in exasperation.
"Yes, but Lady Sylvia must have cast a seal on her own daughter, because the mana signature that she is producing is not nearly the same as it should be. Arthur, how did you come to meet her?"
"Before Sylvia was killed or taken away by the black-horned demons, she gave me a stone that turned out to be what I figured was an egg," I clicked my tongue. Explaining this made me recall some unpleasant memories.
"Black-horned demons?" Windsom tilted his head.
"It’s how I describe them because of their appearance. From what you told me just now, though, they seem to be what you call the Vritra Clan."

"Indeed, the Vritra Clan is known for their prominent onyx horns... While this was one of the most probable outcomes, it also means that there is very little hope that she is alive. Arthur, Lady Sylvia undoubtedly put a seal on her child in hopes that the Vritra Clan would not be able to find her." For once, there was a twinge of emotion on Windsom’s face that wasn’t annoyance. I could see the sadness glazed over his eyes as he took a moment to gather himself.
"So does that mean deities are usually born in a humanoid form?" I couldn’t help but ask.
"Yes. Our draconic form uses up a lot of our mana so we spend most of our time in our humanoid form. However, just like how I can shift into the form of a smaller animal, Lady Sylvia’s daughter seems to be in that form to conserve energy."
"You keep referring to her as Lady Sylvia’s daughter, but she has a name. It’s Sylvie. I named her after Sylvia," I pointed out. "Also, is it possible for Sylvie to turn into her humanoid form now?"
At this, Windsom merely shook his head before responding. "Most likely not. The humanoid form is the most natural for us, so if Lady Sylvia’s—Lady Sylvie, was able to transform into this form, she would’ve done so already."
There was a torrent of questions flooding my mind now that I knew for a fact that Sylvie was an Asura. Imagining her in a human form was hard enough, but what did it mean for us since we were bonded? Did Asuras bond to each other in Epheotus? Although Sylvie was the one that initiated the bond, it wasn’t something that I could imagine doing with someone that looked like a human.
I knew Windsom would say something along the lines of, ’I’ll only tell you what is necessary for you to know right now,’ so I pushed those thoughts aside and pressed on what we talked about earlier.
"So since Sylvia, the daughter of a very important figure to you deities, did give her will to me, that makes me automatically involved in this upcoming fight that you guys are most likely going to have with the Vritra Clan and co., right? Also, the fact that Sylvie, the granddaughter of the so-called very important figure, is bonded to me begs another question... Are you planning on taking her back to Epheotus?" My eyes narrowed as I tried to read Windsom’s expression.
"Yes. Dumbing it down quite a bit, that is the essence of what I explained to you. You may or may not have figured out just how mysterious and powerful Lady Sylvia’s powers are. Even if you were able to unlock some of the mana arts only she could use, I doubt you were able to tap into a fraction of her true abilities. Arthur, even Asuras would drool in greed at the thought of receiving Lady Sylvia’s powers. While even she wasn’t able to fully control them, her powers had...have the potential to outstrip her father’s." There was a look of longing and respect in this Asura’s eyes as he explained all of this.
"As for taking Lady Sylvie back to Epheotus, while that was indeed our immediate preference, we have decided on a different route. Arthur, we will be entering into war with the Fallen Clans, the forces led by Agrona and his Vritra Clan, soon. After the last war, both sides sustained immense casualties and had no choice but to settle for a truce. Agrona agreed not to touch Dicathen, but in return, we had to give up the Continent of Alacrya to him.
"While our forces may have stronger powerhouses, they possess too many unpredictable factors with the experiments they had time to explore during this period. The truce is losing its power as the Fallen Clans continue to grow their troops. We have already found traces of Agrona’s troops in this continent. While the upper echelons of Epheotus would never verbally admit it, we need help, and your future potential can play a crucial role in this. As long as you, Arthur Leywin, agree to be our ally, there will be no need to separate you from Lady Sylvie."
Even though Windsom was asking me for a favor, the way he looked at me dead in the eye made me feel like he was presenting me a role of the highest honor.
He had me. There really wasn’t much of an option for me to choose. If I declined him, he would forcefully take Sylvie away and Dicathen would still most likely end up becoming war torn. With that, my family and friends would be in danger whether or not I became their ally.
He was basically implying that I was going to be involved in this war one way or another. The choice was up to me on how directly I wanted to fight against our mutual enemies.
Letting out a scoff, I agreed. "Since this war involves the entirety of this continent anyways, I would be an ally to you whether I agreed or not today. Rather, what you are asking for is if I can be a pawn under your control."

"I can’t disagree with your statement. You’re wise for your age, Arthur," Windsom smirked. "I take it by your answer that you agree to our proposal. This war will change the entire balance of this world. If Agrona and his forces are able to take over this continent as well as all of its resources, there will come a time when even Epheotus will be in danger. That being said, we will need to prepare you. Your mana core is rather well-developed for your age, which is a good sign. But training you will have to come after you’re able to at least reach the white stage. With the resources we will provide you and your comprehension skills, I can’t imagine it to take too long. After that, we will need to take both you and Lady Sylvie to Epheotus to train under the most optimal cond—"
"Hold on, I’m going to Epheotus? Your home? The land of Asuras?" I nearly shouted, flabbergasted.
"Of course. Do you think that my master will stand idly now, knowing that he has a granddaughter? Arthur, you are the last one to have seen Lady Sylvia. On top of that, she has passed on to you, her mana signature. You may not realize what that means but to us Asuras, it would be metaphorically pulling out your own mana core and giving it away. If she was forced into a state where she had no choice but to do this, we have no choice but to assume she has passed away."
I didn’t answer.
"There isn’t much I can help you with directly for now except provide for you some resources to strengthen your mana core. During this time, I also have things to investigate and prepare for. I will continue to drop by from time to time and check up on you, whether I let you know I’m there or not will be at my discretion."
"Okay, since it seems like this whole meeting is coming to a close, can I just ask you one thing?" I held my hand out to stop him.
"Go ahead."
"How come it took so long for you to find me? If her mana signature basically transferred onto mine, wouldn’t either you or the Vritra Clan have pinpointed me pretty easily?"
"Because of that," Windsom pointed at my arm. "When she first passed on her will, or mana signature, to you, it didn’t show right away. You probably went through a phase where you had to get your body accustomed to it, right?"
I just nodded at this.
"Well after it did, I’m not sure how shortly after her daughter was released from her seal but when you put one of Lady Sylvia’s feathers around your bond insignia, it hid the presence of her will. I’m sure you only put that on your arm to hide the insignia mark or maybe because you thought it made you look cool—"
"It was to hide the insignia mark," I immediately replied.
"Nevertheless, you did well in doing this." Windsom shook his head. "Let me take you to where you were actually headed to now. I’m sure the elf princess misses her prince dearly."
Even though his face stayed straight, I could feel the sarcasm in his voice. Sylvie and I wordlessly followed the Asura as the room we were in began distorting once more.
WINDSOM’S POV:
As I watched the child and his bond go through the gate, I couldn’t help but let out a strained breath.
Every time I saw her, a mixture of emotions would boil up inside of me, making it difficult for me to stay calm. I wondered how Master would feel when he sees her. I could imagine how conflicted he might feel seeing the child of his precious daughter and the man that did that to her...
There would come a time when we would have no choice but to tell Arthur everything about his bond. About Lady Sylvia’s daughter and the lineage she holds...





ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
"Ugh..."
I stumbled coming out of the teleportation gate as I pressed my fingers firmly against my temples to keep my head from popping.
Sylvie scampered next to me, happy to be out in the open again.
"Kyu~" She let out a big stretch on the grass before looking up at me, signalling that she was ready.
’That man was scary, Papa,’ Sylvie’s voice rang in my mind.
"Yeah, he didn’t really come off as easygoing to me either," I responded.
The place we landed was a familiar one. It was near the area where Tess first led us in order to get inside the Kingdom of Elenoir. Of course, this time, we were going to have to knock on the front gates like most people. It wasn’t too much of a problem to get inside the kingdom now that the three races were more or less in harmony.
Every time I thought of the word ’race’ I could hear Windsom saying in his annoyingly serious voice how we were the lesser races.
As much as it irked me, he wasn’t wrong. Compared to the Asuras, even I could see the innate differences between him and me, and from what he led on, it didn’t seem like he was the strongest of Asuras either.
"Well, I guess you know who your mother is now, at least."
"Kyu?" ’Mama? Aren’t we going to see Mama right now?’
"No, not that Mama. I mean, Tess isn’t your mother! Sheesh!" I exclaimed.
Sylvie only tilted his head as she looked at me in confusion before scampering around again, leaving me flustered at my bond.
As we made our way to the front gate, following alongside the outer walls of the kingdom, we passed the occasional carriages and wagons followed by people either transporting the goods inside or guarding it.
The economy was rapidly changing since the union of the three races. Opening up borders so that merchants can travel and trade with each other had led to a lot of unique goods becoming available in all three kingdoms. Once we reached the entrance into the kingdom, there was a line of people either riding horses and mana beasts or in carriages, waiting to go inside.
Sylvie hopped on my head as I got to the end of the line beside a group of what looked like mercenaries most likely trying to sell the raw material they managed to obtain.
"Ey! Looky at the lil’ brat! Why you so far from your mama, lil’ boy? You lost?" a rather tall and thin, almost emaciated, man in leather armor too large for him, hooted as he bent down.
"Roger, you’re going to make the boy cry with that ugly face of yours." A girl that looked to be in her early twenties jumped off the end of the carriage she was sitting on and pulled Roger back.
"There is nothin’ wrong with my face!" Roger lashed out at his female cohort. "Besides, this brat looks to be some sort of rich noble brat! I betcha if we bring him back to his parents, they’ll reward us big time!"
"You haven’t said anything. Are you lost, boy?" asked another man, one that looked to be in his early thirties with a body built like it was meant to wrestle elephants, pushed aside the drooling Roger that was staring at me like I was a money bag.
"No, sir, I’m not lost. I have some business here," I replied.
"Business here, my ass! Don’t go trying to sounding all snooty-tooty. I bet you just ran away from your momma. Duke, let’s just grab this twerp and take him to the Guild Hall," Roger smirked as he slowly made his way towards me.
I let out a sigh as I contemplated whether it was worth the effort to shove this bag of bones into the ground.
"Grrr..." Sylvie, who was perched on top of my head again, stood up, baring her teeth at the malnourished mercenary.
These fools were actually thinking of basically kidnapping a child here in the open...
While my stance remained the same, I imbued a thin layer of mana around my body just in case.

"Roger, Duke. Leave the boy alone," a hoarse voice came from inside the carriage.
"Erk. It’s the boss." Roger froze in his tracks with a reluctant expression.
"Tch. Let’s head back to the carriage, Roger," Duke clicked his tongue and gave me one last curious glance before turning his broad back to me.
I just rolled my eyes and stayed put in the line for travelers without carriages that need to be inspected first.
—
"Sorry, Boss. I know you how you like to keep face, but this time, it would’ve been a totally legit excuse! I mean, all we would do is keep the brat from talking and eventually, we’d just put him in the Guild Hall and sack in a nice reward."
"Sir, while Roger isn’t the brightest guy most of the time, I think he was right in that boy was actually from a wealthy family judging by his uniform and the peculiar bond on his head. If you didn’t stop us, I think we could’ve—"
"Fools! You think I was protecting the boy? I was protecting you two dolts from him!"
"..."
"Both of you guys are mages, yet you still couldn’t see the clear differences in power? Even I wasn’t able to sense the level of his mana core!"
"But Boss, even if the boy was a mage, he couldn’t have awakened more than a couple of years —"
"Shut up. Just know that if you guys had stepped out of line just then, even I wouldn’t have been able to save you."
—
After the first moment of reluctance in letting a possible runaway child into their kingdom, the guards erased their doubts when I showed them the Xyrus Academy crest since showing the royal family’s crest might attract a bit too much attention for my tastes. Before entering, however, the elven guards did give me a stern warning that the use of magic was prohibited in all but the most extreme cases.
I didn’t have the time to explore around much while I was being trained by Gramps so seeing all of this was new to me.
The city that we had entered was bustling with an almost chaotic mixture of people from all around the continent, laughing and haggling around different stands and small shops. The Elven Kingdom of Elenoir was different from the Human Kingdom of Sapin; since the entire kingdom was walled off, the cities were more like giant districts rather than separated settlements.
Since the royal family’s tree castle was located in the far end city of the kingdom, it took me a couple of hours of traveling via a small transport carriage.
The driver dropped us off at the border just before the castle since not just anyone would be allowed directly inside. A major difference from the last time I came here was that there were now guards around the perimeter of the castle as well. While I’m sure they always had guards and security, they weren’t so blatantly placed to ward off intruders like they were now. Again, most likely an outcome of the kingdom opening its doors to the other races.
"Stop. Little boy, I think you’re a bit lost," a burly elf held his hand out and warned. He looked at me curiously before stopping his gaze at Sylvie who was now next to my foot.
"No, I know exactly where I am. If you’d be so kind as to let me through, it’d be much appreciated," I replied without taking a second glance at the guard while pulling out the compass with the royal family’s crest Grandpa Virion gave me back then.
"How do you have this?" The burly guard squinted his eyes in suspicion as the other guards gathered around me.
"I thought that having this compass meant that a member of the royal family entrusted it to me." I couldn’t help but let out a sigh.
When was the last time I was ever given a smooth passage these days? Starting from the teleportation portal to the mercenaries and now here.
"This brat. Is he being sarcastic with us?" another guard growled.
"Sigh... just please inform either Princess Tessia or Elder Virion that a boy named Arthur Leywin is here to see them. They’ll know who I am." I took a few steps back and leaned back against one of the stone statues in front of the manor.
All of a sudden, a loud BOOM! pierced the air as part of the castle exploded and chunks of the building fell down on top of us.
"What the hell is—"

As the other guards jumped out of the way to avoid the debris, the one that questioned me didn’t have enough to time react after turning around.
I heard him click his tongue as he focused mana into his body, positioning himself between me and a falling piece of the castle wall.
While his attitude was crude, I guess he wasn’t a bad person.
With currents of mana already flowing inside of me, I conjured a gale to circle around us, instantly encasing us in a dome of wind.
[Wind Barrier]
The debris most likely wouldn’t have killed any of the trained guards but even with mana augmentation around their bodies, it wouldn’t have been a pretty sight.
I kept my spell active, noticing the gaping face of Guard Number One switching his gaze back and forth between me and the wind barrier.
All of a sudden, a familiar figure jumped backwards down from the ledge of the explosion site, landing just next to us.
"You guys alright down... Ah! Arthur, good to see you again, brat! Sorry for this, but you’re going to need to give me a hand." As Grandpa Virion returned his focus to the site of the explosion, I dispersed my spell.
"Gramps, what’s going on? Was there an intruder?"
"Bah! You think I’d be having this much trouble if it was just an intruder?" Virion clicked his tongue in frustration.
"Then who—"
Another explosion sounded from the site.
"Grandpa! Stop this thing!! I can’t control i~~~~t!"
Out from the giant hole in the mansion appeared Tess, surrounded by dozens of emerald green tendrils made of mana swaying sporadically, destroying everything it hit.
Of course.
I couldn’t help but curse under my breath. I initially blamed Windsom since he was supposed to have cured her of the beast will that was trying to take over her body; paying attention, however, since Tess was still conscious and quite rowdy, I deduced that she most likely couldn’t control the mana she released even while awake and aware.
"Tch. That aura is pretty frightening. Those tentacle-like vines protect Tess as well as attacks anything within its range. Even if I try cutting it, more tendrils take its place. Brat, I’ll support you from the back. Try to reach Tess; my techniques aren’t really useful for anything other than assassinating and right now, we need a way to overpower this aura."
I gave Virion an affirming nod and took a step forward, concentrating more mana around me.
"Elder Virion. We can assist as well! Please instruct us on—"
"No! You guys would be useless against her. Just clear the area and make sure no one comes near here." Grandpa Virion waved his hand without turning back.
I took a peek at the baffled guards. When I checked their mana core levels earlier, they seemed to be around the solid to light orange stage, which would be considered top tier considering their ages.
"But Elder, the child is—"
"Go. Now! I don’t have time for this," Grampa Virion growled.
These elites that were probably never called useless in their lives muttered in confusion, looking at me with peculiar eyes before clearing the way.
"You know, Gramps, they probably still could’ve helped."
"The less people that know about my granddaughter’s powers, the better. At least at this point. Now focus, brat," he breathed, keeping his gaze on Tess.

"Aye aye, sir," I smirked.
"Let’s go!"
At Grandpa Virion’s signal, we made a break for Tessia, who was on the edge of the mansion.
Augmenting my legs in wind attribute mana, I waited until a condensed gale formed underneath my feet before launching off from the ground.
Even though Tess’ back was facing us, the tendrils responded as soon as we got close. Immediately, the vines that were erratically swaying straightened up and shot themselves at us.
"Keep going! I’ll cover you!" Grandpa Virion shouted from the back.
While I had my back turned to him, just by the change in his voice, it was obvious that Grandpa Virion had initiated the first phase of his beast will.
The two of us hacked our way closer and closer towards Tess, who was struggling to gain control over the emerald green aura surrounding her.
I stuck with using wind spells, afraid that the aura would conduct any lightning attribute spells. Since we were in a mostly wood environment, I also held back on any fire spells.
As soon as our wind blades severed the tendrils, they dissipated, another batch of tendrils taking their place.
It wasn’t working.
I took a deep breath, relying on Grandpa Virion to cover me for a couple of seconds.
After finishing my chant, I felt a sizeable drain on my mana, along with a slight tingling sensation coursing throughout my body.
[Thunderclap Impulse]
The tendrils that were evidently growing in number appeared to be overwhelming us in slow motion. Having the luxury to take a glance back, even Grandpa Virion’s attacks slowed down enough where I could see his movements.
Dodging the tendrils, I avoided wasting mana on other spells until I reached Tessia.
Every step forward at this point involved me dodging at least five tendrils, until I finally reached arm’s length of the troublesome princess.
Grabbing her by the waist, I prepare my final spell.
"Eek! A-A-Arthur?" Tess squealed in surprise.
Before I had the chance to respond, the tentacles suddenly retracted and gathered around the two of us before springing us off the mansion through the hole made by the explosion. With my technique still active, I was able to react in time to hold onto her before the two of us skyrocketed up into the air.
"KYYYAAAAAHHH!" Tessia’s voice echoed loud enough for the whole kingdom to probably hear.
"Hold on tight!"
Locking my arms around her, I surrounded her in a layer of protective mana before casting my spell.
[Absolute Zero]
The amount of time it took to cast my spell took a lot longer without using the second phase of my dragon will.
As the layer of frost slowly spread out from around us, freezing the tendrils trying desperately to separate me from Tess, I had to keep my concentration to the max to keep the spell going.
"Break!" I roared before taking a kick at the completely frozen tendrils, shattering it into countless shards of shimmering little diamonds.
It was a gamble to try and freeze the tendrils that Tess manifested and, like expected, my spell wasn’t strong enough to completely freeze everything, but I was able to separate the tendrils from their source of fuel, Tess.
Tess had a glazed look in her eyes as she hung onto my neck, mesmerized by the thousands of falling ice shards reflecting the amber lights of the city.
Our eyes locked and Tess immediately blushed.
I gave her a playful wink in response.
"Hi there."





TESSIA ERALITH’S POV:
Tell me I’m dreaming...
The last thing I remembered was trying to release the first phase of my beast will. Grandpa had been really surprised after he checked my mana core, saying that my body was somehow already fully integrated with the elderwood guardian’s beast will.
I didn’t fully understand why Grampa had been so surprised, but I remembered Arthur taking a few years to fully integrate with his.
Does this mean I’m catching up to him?
No, we were just kids at that time, but he was able to smoothly integrate. Grandpa told me how amazing that was.
It wasn’t fair.
Every time Grandpa talked about Arthur, all he had were words of praise. If it had been any other person, I would be jealous.
But it’s okay; he’s mine anyway...
Well, not yet...
But soon, he will be!
...Hopefully.
Stupid Arthur! I wanted to impress him by being able to control the beast will he gave me.
So much for that... I completely failed and even destroyed part of the castle!
Oh my gosh... Mother and Father aren’t going to be too happy when they see this...

And then he showed up...
Arthur just had to make his appearance at the worst possible time.
Now he’s holding me like some I’m some sort of damsel in distress! Though, begrudgingly, I couldn’t deny that I was in a sorry state...
I can’t look him in the face. I know if I look at him, I’ll start blushing.
Don’t look, Tess! Don’t look! Don’t—
Dang it, I looked!
"Hi there." Arthur gave me a charming wink with his blue eyes.
I could feel my own face burning like an oil-dipped candle but I couldn’t seem to peel my eyes away from his gaze until we landed.
"Sh-shouldn’t you put me down now?" I managed to stammer out, giving it my all to keep my voice from cracking.
There was a twinkle in his eyes as he playfully smiled at me while he put me down. I knew he was enjoying my embarrassment.
Ugh...
"Are you okay, Tess?" Grandpa caught up to Arthur and me. He was sweating and had minor injuries from where my beast will’s aura hit him but otherwise, thankfully, he looked fine.
"Yes, Grandpa. Sorry for causing this mess." My gaze lowered to see that Arthur’s right leg was bleeding through his pants.
Oh no! He’s hurt! I really messed up this time...
Before I even had the chance to apologize, a stinging pain suddenly radiated above my brows.

"Oww! Wha—" I stared wide-eyed at Arthur who had suddenly flicked my forehead.
"I’m just glad our troublesome princess isn’t hurt. Right, Gramps?" Arthur said in comfort.
Even though he teased me like this, his worried gaze couldn’t help but make me feel warm inside.
"Yes, my troublesome little granddaughter is fine. That’s all that matters. Who cares if she destroyed half of a historic mansion passed down in our family," Grandpa smirked.
I felt like I had shrunk half my size in embarrassment as both my grandfather and Arthur broke out into laughter.
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
It took a while for Tess to be able to look me in the eyes after I had let her back down. As soon as Gramps called the guards back, we left the manor for them to keep watch. While the royal family’s mansion was still standing strong besides the gaping hole in the corner, due to security reasons, Virion arranged for us to be taken to an inn, where it was easier for the guards to keep an eye out for any potential harm.
"I should let my son know about what happened in case he and his wife come back early from the meeting. They’ll probably assume the worst case scenario." Gramps let out a deep sigh.
He rubbed his temples as we sat down on a leather couch at a separate lounge in the first floor of the Spiral Ivy Inn.
I won’t lie. It was a pretty enjoyable sight once we got inside. Since it was just around dinner time, the inn was filled with indistinguishable babble and clatters of plates and utensils. Once they saw us, it felt like someone muted the entire inn. Before us were the baffled faces of the inn workers and customers that dropped everything, including their jaws, as they witnessed the former king of the kingdom, disheveled in appearance, carrying his granddaughter, the princess, accompanied by an unknown human child.
Fortunately, the inn manager quickly raced out, beating back all of the nearby elves and merchants courageous enough to horde us, and escorted us to the VIP lounge.
"I must apologize for this, Elder Virion. We weren’t expecting a visit from someone of your status or else we would’ve surely made accommodations." The manager’s posture was deliberately lowered, one hand cupping the other. "Might I ask what brought you to our humble inn?" he continued on.
"The manor is a bit... messy at the moment. We’re fine here for now; just have a room for us to stay." Gramps waved the manager away after setting down Tess, who had fallen asleep on the way here. You could almost see a tail fiercely wagging from the ever-attentive manager upon receiving Virions directions, and he nodded like a puppy that had just gotten a treat from his master.
I got myself settled on the couch facing Virion’s and laid down the sleeping Sylvie who had been quietly snoring in my arms long before we got here. "So what happened back there, Gramps?"
"You wouldn’t believe this, brat. I examined her mana core the other day and guess what... her body was already fully integrated with the Elderwood Guardian’s beast will!" Virion leaned forward. The excitement in his sharp eyes contrasted how softly he spoke to not wake Tess up.

"You can’t be serious... How can her body be fully integrated with an S class beast—" I stopped mid-sentence, remembering what Windsom had said. Were the orbs that he gave to Tess responsible for this unprecedented phenomenon?
"What’s wrong? Why did you stop talking all of a sudden?" Virion raised a brow.
"No, it’s nothing. I was just thinking. Gramps, is that why Tess tried to release the first phase of her beast will?"
Virion let out a wry laugh at this while he scratched his cleanly-shaven chin. "We both got a little ahead of ourselves in thinking that Tess would be able to control her powers because her body was already integrated."
While the integration between the beast will and the host was essential in order for the body to fully adapt to a mana beast’s will, especially for one that was at a higher stage than their own strength, it was also a training process of sorts. Through the integration process, you became accustomed to how the beast will might affect your body and how you could control its powers, even if it was just a little bit.
Tessia was able to skip this long and arduous process, whether fortunately or not, preventing her from becoming exposed to what effect the beast will could have on her when released.
"It’s fine now that everything has been settled, but Tess needs to be more careful when using her beast will. It could be dangerous for her and everyone around her if things escalated like they had today." I sank back into my seat, taking a long look at the sleeping princess.
"Mmm. I was thinking the same thing. Maybe getting a seal to suppress her mana until she’s able to better control her beast will would be best. It’s a shame that there’s no specific seal for beast wills; I worry that she won’t be able to protect herself while her seal is on. Even if it was removable, she would be practically defenseless without mana protecting her for a period of time," Virion let out a deep sigh.
"You could always give her some sort of protective artifact. If that’s not enough to keep peace in your mind, I’ll be there too, Gramps. I won’t let anything happen to your precious granddaughter."
"Oh, I’m sure you’d protect Tessia even if she wasn’t my granddaughter," Virion shot me a teasing wink.
We discussed a bit more about the potential powers that Tessia’s beast will might have until the both of us were too tired to continue on. Tessia stirred awake every now and then while Sylvie was so deeply asleep that the only indication that my bond was still alive was the rhythmic expanding and contracting of her belly.
We found ourselves in a luxurious suite with more than enough bedrooms for each of us upon reaching the uppermost level of the inn. The rooms were lavishly decorated in ornaments and trinkets with the walls intricately laid out with vines, giving the place a very fairy-like ambience.
Virion set Tess down inside one of the rooms and came back out to the living room as he poured himself a concoction from a bottle that I assumed to be some sort of liquor.
After wishing him a good night, I tossed Sylvie onto the bed as she kept sleeping, unfazed, while I changed into the loose silk robe that was hung up on a hook. Taking a deep breath, my mind ran through the events of today. After the intense happenings as of late, I finally had some time to consolidate my thoughts. With some time to think, I divulged myself in what I seemed to forget to do since being born again into this world. I began to strategize.
When I wasn’t training my own strength, I was constantly coming up with different methods of handling my problems. It was essential to come up with a backup plan in case things went wrong, and a backup for the backup plan for when Plan B went horribly out of line. I hated to admit it, but there were times when I caught myself regressing in the way I handled things. As the world around me became some sort of exaggerated fairytale, my mindset also turned into that of an immature and shallow child-like protagonist.
Streams of if-then scenarios played out in my mind as I thought back to what I discussed with Windsom. If things were really happening as the Asuras made it out to be, then I needed to prepare in advance. Advancing my mana core would be the easy part. I was more worried about what I’d have to leave behind, at least temporarily, while I started training.
Before I left, I’d have to make sure that my family, Elijah, Tess, Grandpa... that they’d all be protected enough so that when the war started, they could be relatively safe if I was not there.
I thought about my sister, Eleanor. She was still making progress on awakening but it’d still be maybe a year or two before she’d be able to start learning magic. She and Mother had the protective charms I gave them, but that was just for that one, life-threatening situation. It wouldn’t save her repeatedly.
After running through different options, an idea dawned on me. It might be better at this point to maybe find a bond for Ellie. But it couldn’t just be any bond or there wouldn’t be any meaning to it. The mana beast needed to be strong enough and protective enough so that it could protect my sister’s life...and maybe occasionally discourage the weak-willed boys that were audacious enough to try and woo her.
My lips curled up as I began picturing it. The more I thought about it, the more I came to like the idea.
Hey, it’s pretty normal for a caring brother to get his younger sister a pet that could potentially maul anyone that gets within three feet of her... right?





ARTHUR LEYWIN
Tess didn’t wake up until late into the afternoon of the day after. Virion had left in the morning to deal with what had happened to their home, and left a note on the other side of my door telling me to take "good care" of Tess until he got things sorted out. It normally would’ve sounded serious if not for the winking face he crudely drew at the bottom of the note, making me question what exactly Gramps’ definition of taking good care of someone was.
And furthermore, what was going on inside his crooked head.
"Grandpa?"
I was meditating on the living room floor with Sylvie still sleeping on my lap when Tess came out, rubbing her half-opened eyes, bedhead ablaze.
"A-Art? Where’s Grandpa?" Flustered after realizing it wasn’t Virion who she had called out to, Tess quickly turned around, frantically matting down her hair.
"Good morning, or rather, good afternoon." Smiling, I got up and handed her a glass of water. "Your Grandpa went back to your house in the morning to get everything sorted out."
"Oh. Maybe I should go too... I was the one responsible for all of this, afterall."
"There’s nothing either one of us could do. Don’t worry too much for now. Virion and your parents will probably be back here later tonight. We’ll go back to my house in Xyrus after making sure everything is okay since we have to go to school tomorrow," I explained.
"Still... there must be something I could help out— wait, what? I’m going to your house?" She still had her hands glued to the side of her head when she reeled back in surprise, once again unleashing her bedhead in all of its glory.
"Yup. Virion asked me yesterday. It’ll be easier that way, and it’ll probably be more comfortable than staying at this inn."
"I think my heart would be a lot more comfortable staying here."
"Well, none of your family will be able to be here with you, so I’m sure Virion would feel a lot more reassured if you stayed with my family until we get to the dorms," I rebutted.
She remained quiet for a moment before timidly nodding in consent. Even with her hair reminding me of an unkept lion’s mane, she was still somehow cute.

"Kyu!"
Sylvie woke up to the lingering scent of food and leeched a few bites to eat from Tess.
After finishing her breakfast, the princess sat down next to me on the living room floor where I was training and pet Sylvie, who made herself comfortable on Tess’ lap.
"Hehe, so cute," Tess cooed as she rubbed my formidable draconic Asura’s belly.
"Tess, what did it feel like when you activated the first phase of your beast will?" I asked.
"Umm, it felt like a sudden surge of power spilled out and surrounded me. Then, all of a sudden, I couldn’t really move my body," Tess explained. "It felt like I was trapped in someone else’s body, but I wasn’t really scared though, for some reason."
"Mmm," I nodded.
The beast will wouldn’t attack its host so it made sense for Tess to have a lack of fear. It didn’t make sense, though, for the beast will to have such a strong sense of defiance. Even if she skipped the integration stage, Tess’ body still had fully fused with the beast will. The will might be difficult to control and to use properly, but it shouldn’t have gotten that out of hand. Ironic as it sounded, it felt like the beast will had its own...well, had its own will.
"I want you to rouse the elderwood guardian’s beast will." I kneeled down in front of her before instructing.
"W-What? Is that safe?" Tess looked up, her eyes widening.
"It should be; you’re not going to initiate the first phase. Just get a sense for the beast will inside of your mana core and let it stream out into the rest of your body. That way, I’ll be able to sense more clearly what’s going on." I scooted until I was at arm’s length of Tess, making the princess shuffle away.
Wasn’t it her that so boldly initiated a kiss last time? Why was she being so shy now?
"I’m going to have to place my hand on your abdomen, Tess. Don’t move," I sighed, scooting closer.
"You make it sound like touching a girl’s belly isn’t anything serious," Tess pouted, clicking her tongue.

"It’s not if it’s for the sake of training."
"Tch..."
As she began meditating, I placed the palm of my hand on her abdomen. Closing my eyes as well, I began examining her mana core. Soon enough, as Tess began to release the innate mana from the beast will, a flood of emerald-green particles of mana flooded over the golden gray specks of wood and wind attribute mana that circulated inside her body.
Tess had a strained look as beads of sweat rolled down her cheeks. Small sparks of mana began bursting out of her body as her cramped face told me she was doing her best from releasing the beast will’s power which seemingly wanted to break loose.
"Tessia, it’s okay! Stop now!" I hurriedly yelled.
As the princess began trying to recall the beast will back into her mana core, she began convulsing. I put my hand back to her mana core to try and sense the activity going on inside of her body, and I couldn’t help but be shocked.
The elderwood guardian’s beast will, which occupied Tess’ mana core and was integrated with the rest of her body, was fighting back trying to take control over the rest of Tess’ innate mana.
What was going on? How could the beast will go against the host’s will like this? This was different from Tess actually manifesting the first phase of her beast will and having that go out of control. The beast will’s mana particles were still inside of her body when this happened.
A rather crude comparison popped into mind while thinking of this. People of this world didn’t really suffer from this, but from my world, non-practitioners who couldn’t reinforce their body with ki suffered from diseases and illnesses. While there were horrible diseases that aged the body twice as fast or burned the organs from the inside, I would have to say that the scariest disease would be the Drackins Virus. This virus would sread through the nerves and make the victim lose control of their limbs and eventually, their mind. Since the virus couldn’t infect practitioners, it was contained fairly quickly, but even then, the epidemic that lasted a year had over three hundred thousand fatalities.
This phenomenon that was happening to Tess reminded me of something akin to that virus. Just like the Drackins Virus, the beast will’s mana particles weren’t integrating and reinforcing Tess’ body, but instead weakening the mana formed from her own mana core. It didn’t seem to the degree of taking over Tess’ body and mind at this stage, but it was still eerily comparable.
As the internal battle between Tess’ innate mana and her beast will ensued, I could sense the mana levels in her core slowly dwindling. The beast will was clearly less rampant than when we were at the training grounds back in Xyrus Academy; whether that was thanks to the help of Windsom, I couldn’t be sure. However, I doubt even Windsom predicted that the elderwood guardian’s beast will that I acquired would be such an unpredictable outlier.
As Tess continued to fight, trying to contain the beast will that wasn’t even fully released, I gathered some mana into her body as well, making sure to incorporate all four elemental attributes so it wouldn’t be rejected, before transferring it directly to her mana core. While I didn’t give as much mana to Tess as I did to Prince Curtis back down at the dungeon, I still felt a tangible drain from my core.
Meanwhile, Sylvie circled around us, warily, knowing that something was wrong. She tilted her head and peeked around me, trying to get a better view of what was going on until Tess collapsed on her back, her chest rising and falling from the shortage of breath.
"Well, that didn’t go quite as planned," I huffed, leaning back on my arms as well.

"Tell...tell me about it. I don’t get what’s wrong though. It feels like I’m holding onto a gate, trying to keep some sort rabid monster caged inside from breaking free."
I couldn’t help but let out a wry laugh at the accuracy of such a metaphor. Tess’ mana core quite literally was serving as the "cage" that kept the rabid beast will from coming loose.
With still a pile of questions unanswered, we decided not to touch the elderwood guardian’s beast will for the time being. We were either going to have to find an unconventional way to have her gain control over this power or have her become stronger in order to properly keep the beast will in check.
Grandpa Virion, along with Tessia’s parents, Alduin and Merial Eralith, arrived at the inn suite later in the evening. Needless to say, the former King and Queen of the elves were relieved, seeing for themselves that their daughter was safe.
The five of us and Sylvie, who was curled up on my lap, sleeping, situated ourselves on the couches before getting into the topic of what’s to come.
We discussed briefly about what happened exactly at the castle, but when Tess tried to chime in, Virion cut her off and explained in her stead. Gramps played the whole thing down, mentioning that part of the explosion was actually his fault and that he was just trying to test the limits of Tess’ beast will.
I sat there, perplexed for a moment as to why he might have been hiding the true reason, but when our eyes met, his gaze told me that he would explain later.
It was decided that, while the Eralith Castle was being rebuilt, the family, minus Tess, would stay with Rinia.
Now that was a name that I hadn’t heard in a long time. I owed a lot to the granny that had the extremely rare gift of foresight. She was the one that allowed me to make contact with my parents after first arriving at the Kingdom of Elenoir after rescuing Tess at the time.
"Arthur, why don’t we go together to Rinia’s house before you and Tessia set out for Xyrus? The journey is a bit far after she moved but since you saw her as a child, I’m sure she’d appreciate it if you came by and said hello," Merial chimed. "She is going to be very surprised at how much you’ve grown."
"I’d like that," I responded back with a nostalgic smile reaching my cheeks.
"Ooh, I haven’t seen Grandma Rinia in a long time too!" Tess leaned forward, her expression indicating that she was looking forward to it as well.
"Hmm, while you’re at it, having her get a good read on you should be a good idea." Virion’s gaze was focused on some random spot on the ground as he pondered at the idea.
Alduin nodded in agreement before saying, "Yes, I think so too. Father, I remember you telling me how Rinia was rather interested in Arthur’s future."
After that, it was decided that before leaving for Xyrus early in the afternoon, we’d stop by Grandma Rinia’s house, or cottage, to be more precise.
Needless to say, it was odd. I, myself, was sleeping on the same bed with Grandpa Virion while Tess and her parents slept in the other room. I was rather fine with it but sleeping in the same quarters as the royal family of the elves would put anyone else on pins and needles. I still wanted to sleep in the living room, for comfort’s sake, but Gramps refused, saying that only through sharing tight quarters did men truly bond.
That and bathing together in the nude...
Supposedly...
Elves have some weird customs.





ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
As we made our trip to Rinia’s cottage, I couldn’t help but sigh in awe at how perfect a spring morning it was—simply one of those scenes that you couldn’t help but appreciate. As it was just past dawn, the morning air was still cool and crisp. On both sides of the road, bright morning dew on the moss-covered rocks sparkled from the sun’s rays peeking through the old trees that towered over us.
The carriage we were riding in hardly shook from the even, marble-like paths smoothed from centuries of use. Sylvie was a ball of excitement as I had to grab her by the tail a couple of times to keep her from jumping out of the carriage to catch the passing butterflies and birds.
"Arthur, I have to say that your bond continues to intrigue me." Alduin Eralith raised an amused brow as Sylvie promptly shot out and grabbed a passing bird with her jaw.
"Now now, leave the boy and his pet alone. In such a vast and mysterious land as ours, you can’t be so surprised at things like this," Virion chided at his son with a wagging finger.
"I’d normally agree with you as well, Grandfather, but Arthur’s bond really is unique compared to all of the other mana beasts I’ve seen. Even though it’s an infant, its gaze twinkles with intelligence." Merial leaned in closer to Sylvie, who was still chewing on the bird she took down.
"Don’t forget that Sylvie is super cute too!" Just as Sylvie let out a satisfied belch, Tess picked her up and hugged her.
"Bahaha! I can’t help but worry that my granddaughter will one day choose her precious bond, not by its strength but by its appearance!" Virion howled in laughter, making everyone but the princess snicker in agreement.
The trip was fairly long, even with a mana beast pulling the carriage. Tess soon fell asleep with her head against her mother’s shoulder, as Merial slept alongside her daughter with her head leaning against Tess’.
"Arthur, I told my son already but where we’re headed, it’s not a normal cottage. Rinia chose to isolate herself near the edge of the kingdom. As for why, she wouldn’t tell me, but last time I chose to make an unannounced visit, I almost died from the traps and defenses she had put up," Virion spoke in a hushed voice.
I raised a brow at Virion’s serious tone. "For what reason does Elder Rinia need to protect herself to this extent?"
"My guess is as good as yours. I told her that we were visiting this time, so it should be safe, but I want you to watch out for any signs of intrusion. The fact that she needed to set up all of these precautions means that there are people out there to be cautious of."
My mind immediately went to her unique abilities as a deviant, however, no one but a handful of trusted people should’ve known about it.
"Okay." I nodded solemnly.
Soon after the conversation, Gramps had also fallen asleep with his arms crossed and head bobbing, leaving only my bond, the driver, Tess’ father and myself, awake.
Sylvie had her front paws against the window of the carriage in hopes to catch more unlucky birds, her tail wagging rhythmically.
Alduin had a relaxed look on his aged face as he gazed vacantly at the moving scene outside the carriage. I knew that each of those wrinkles and creases came from the burden of being a king and now a leading figure of the continent.
"I feel like I’ve never had the chance to properly thank you," he said as his eyes still stayed focused outside the carriage.

"For what, sir?" I replied.
"For taking such good care of my daughter. From what she and my father tells me, Tessia made it out of some dangerous situations thanks to you." Alduin turned his head and looked at me for a brief moment before revealing a weary smile.
"It’s nothing, sir. Tessia has helped me a lot of times as well."
"Oh? Like how?" He tilted his head.
I had to think to for a second before responding. "In keeping me sane at times."
"Not exactly what I expected a thirteen-year-old boy to say, but when it comes to you, I can’t help but see you as an adult." The former king smirked before shifting his gaze back outside.
"Your words are kind."
"I somehow feel utterly confident that you will be able to protect my daughter in my and my father’s stead."
My eyes narrowed in thought at the meaning of his statement, but before I could say anything, Alduin just chuckled and waved his hand dismissively.
"Just an overprotective father’s thoughts running wild. Don’t mind me, Arthur... but say, have you ever thought of one day marrying Tess?"
"Sir?" I said, taken aback by the sudden shift in course of this conversation.
"I mean, sure, she’s a bit rough around the edges and Merial and I may have spoiled her a bit, but she’s a good girl! I bet she’ll be quite the looker given a few years."
"I thought that traditionally, elves dated and married a lot later—"
"Ha! Tradition? At how fast Dicathen is changing, there’s no room for tradition," Alduin scoffed. He then bent forward, leaning his arms on his knees. "Arthur, do you like my daughter?"
There was a lingering silence as I thought about my words carefully. Despite his amiable attitude and the casual atmosphere inside the carriage, Alduin was still the acting king of Elenoir. There was no denying that my attitude and care toward the elf princess was different from anyone else’s, but it was still impossible for me to ever assuredly act on those feelings at this stage. There were times when I was surprised at my own reflection because of how young I was; to be able to overcome the mental boundary of age that I subconsciously put up myself would mean I would have to stop seeing Tessia as a girl and see her as a woman.
Locking gazes with Tessia’s father, I answered with confidence. "I do, but I also find myself lacking to confidently say I know what ’like’ and ’love’ actually mean. I hope the answer will come with time, but until then I’d like to improve myself before thinking of asking for your daughter’s hand in marriage."
"Good answer." The king nodded thoughtfully. "You have your head in the right place despite the lack of years under your belt."
"More so than you when you were his age," a soft voice chimed from beside Alduin.
"You were awake, dear?" the king asked with an expression as if he’d been caught sneaking into the desserts cabinet.

"Just for the last bit of your little ’man talk’," she smiled.
’Hehe, I knew Papa liked Mama.’ Sylvie’s voice rang in my head, surprising me.
I turned to the queen, afraid that Tess might’ve heard as well, but fortunately it seemed that unlike her mother, Tessia was a rather heavy sleeper.
TESSIA ERALITH’S POV:
He admitted it! I almost shouted out loud in excitement.
Arthur finally said it! He said he likes me. Well... he said ’I do’ after he was asked, but that’s good enough!
Way to go, Dad!
Oh no, keep your eyes shut, Tess... keep your eyes shut.
Slow down your breathing.
Shoot, I wonder if he can hear how fast my heart is beating. His hearing can’t be that good, right?
I was so happy that I woke up when I did. I wasn’t going to pretend to be asleep at first, but I got scared when I heard Father talking about me.
He’s so cruel... how can he say that I’m rough around the edges...
...and that I’m spoiled! I’m not spoiled!
It would be embarrassing to wake up just then, so I kept my eyes closed, but who would’ve thought that my father would ask if Arthur liked me... and that Arthur would actually admit it!
He’d only said that once, and that was after I got angry at him. At that time, he surprised me when he kissed me all of a sudden.
Hehe...
Oh no, don’t smile, Tess.
"We’re here, Tess. Come on, now, wake up." My father’s voice saved me as he gently shook my shoulder.
"Mmm... We’re here already?" I made my voice more wispy, trying to sound like I had just woken up.

I couldn’t look at Arthur in the eye when he turned his gaze to me so I quickly got out of the carriage and stretched.
"Ahhh! That was a good nap!" I said a little more loudly than I needed to.
Sylvie hopped out of the carriage after me and stretched as well, opening her mouth in an audible yawn before darting her head, taking in her new surroundings.
I looked around too, but I was confused when I didn’t see a cottage, or any sort of sign that a person lived here. All that surrounded us were trees and grass, with thick bushes that blocked any sort of path there might’ve been.
"Umm, Grandpa, are you sure we’re in the right place?" I asked as I continued searching for anything remotely close to a house.
"We have to walk a bit further, but it’s near here. Let’s go." Grandpa took the lead with my father and Arthur following close behind, while Mother ushered me forward as well.
Sylvie scampered alongside me, her head darting back and forth in different directions, as if it sensed something, making me a bit nervous.
As we made our way deeper into the forest, the number of branches we had to maneuver around and curtains of vines we had to push aside increased. I wanted to ask if we were really going in the right direction but the determined and serious look on everyone’s faces made me swallow my complaints.
"Honey? Is something wrong? The atmosphere is a bit chilly..." Mother’s voice trailed off as she hesitantly followed behind Father and Grandpa next to me.
"Mm? Ah, yes. Everything is fine! Just being cautious is all." My father seemed to have snapped out of his thoughts at the sound of Mother’s words.
"Stop." Arthur suddenly put up his hand up abruptly, his other hand gripping the hilt of his sword that I didn’t even notice he had until now. Grandpa, who was beside him, froze, lowering himself as Father carefully inched his way towards us.
I could hear it now in the dead silence.
The faint rustle of leaves that seemed to be getting closer to us.
Snap.
Grandpa whipped his body toward the direction of the sound.
I noticed myself scooting towards Mother for protection. With my mana core unstable because of my beast will, I felt defenseless for the first time in a long while.
My mother was also wary at this point. Both she and Father had their weapons out and at the ready. My mother’s thin wand glimmered in a rose gold hue as my father’s favorite saber was already unsheathed.
Snap!
The sound was a lot closer this time and it seemed to be coming from our right. Unknowingly, I glanced at Arthur to find his eyes on me, probably making sure I was alright. Sylvie was right next to him with her white fur on its ends, making her look bigger.
And then we all saw it. The curtain of vines to our right began rustling and a hunched figure covered in shade stepped out from the dense forest.
I could tell everyone was on their toes, ready to retaliate at whatever came out, but before anyone had the chance to, a clear voice rang from the shadowed figure.
"What are you lot doing out here looking like fools? Come on, you guys are late!"
The shadowed figure finally stepped into a ray of light that peeked through the trees, revealing an all too familiar figure.
"Grandma Rinia!" I couldn’t help but exclaim in relief.





ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
Supposedly, Grandma Rinia’s cottage wasn’t too much farther from where we were. After our brief greetings and a firm hug from the aged elf that I had come to appreciate, we made our way to her dwelling place.
"You’ve grown into quite the handsome young lad, Arthur. If I was just a hundred years younger, I might’ve snatched you up for myself," Rinia teased.
It was disturbing to say the least to hear this from a woman who was several decades older than me, but since it came from her, I just grinned back.
"Well, I’d have to see how you looked when you were a hundred years younger."
"Hmph! Ask Virion how stunning I was! Men would swarm over me as soon as I was in their sights!" Rinia placed one hand on her hip and used her other to flip her braided hair.
"It’s true, Arthur. My mother would tell me how all of the girls her age would be jealous of Aunt Rinia," Tess’ mother giggled.
"Bah! She was above average at best!" Virion waved off.
"Well, of course there was only one girl to have ever caught Virion’s eye..." Rinia’s voice trailed off and by the look on her face, she seemed to have regretted bringing it up.
I looked around, completely lost. The gloomy forest we were treading through seemed all the more dismal by the sudden change in the air. I glanced at Tess and she seemed uncomfortable, but more so confused than depressed like everyone else.
"...I’m sorry, Virion. I was a bit insensitive." Rinia placed a hand on Virion’s sunken shoulder.
"It’s... It’s fine. I should be the one who’s sorry. I know how you felt as well," he dismissed.
We continued on with only the crunching of fallen leaves and the snapping of twigs filling the silence. My gaze was focused on Sylvie, who was having a blast looking for lifeforms underneath the moss-covered rocks and logs.
As her tail wagged furiously in excitement, I couldn’t help but let out a small smile in content, despite the sullen atmosphere.
Sneaking a quick peek at Gramps, my mind started itching with questions that I knew I shouldn’t ask. Rinia, who apparently saw this, gently placed her hand on my shoulder and gave me a strained smile.
As we stepped into a small clearing, the roaring sound of running water filled our ears. It was as if the trees surrounding this area had acted as a barrier, blocking off all the sound. In view, we could now see a wide waterfall cascading down a marble white cliff into a small pool of water about six meters in diameter.
"Wow, I didn’t know a place like this existed," Tess gaped in awe.
"Father, wasn’t this the place you used to take me to when I was a child?" Alduin asked while he looked around.
"I see you still remember. Yes, you used to love coming to this place." Virion let out a small smile as he reminisced.
"It’s beautiful..." Merial breathed.
It was beautiful, indeed.

There wasn’t much sunlight that was able to reach this small clearing, making the area seem more surreal. The thin rays of light that were able to peek through the thick tree tops created spotlights that made the moss, grass, and all of the plant life glimmer. The waterfall streamed down the white cliff without any intrusion, making it a clear curtain of water.
"We’re here." Rinia stated as she stepped up.
Wordlessly, we all followed her as I half-expected her to conjure a cottage from the ground.
It wasn’t as fancy as that, though. Instead Rinia let out a few inaudible chants with her hands raised, lifting roots from underneath the pond into a makeshift bridge leading into the waterfall.
Carefully stepping onto the grimy roots, Rinia took the lead with us following close behind. With a wave of her arm, she swept the waterfall to the side. However, before doing anything else, she looked around, as if to make sure no one was spying on us.
After letting out a sharp breath, Rinia placed her hand on the cliff behind the waterfall,which now started to glow with unrecognizable runes.
Just like that, the white marble cliff opened up like a sliding door to reveal a passage deeper inside.
"Don’t conjure up any light. We’ll make our way through the dark," instructed Rinia, as if directly referring to me.
I lost track of how many turns we made, relying only on Rinia’s voice as our guide.
"Left."
"Right."
"Right."
"Left."
Finally we could see a flickering light at the end of the umpteenth leg of the tunnel.
"Welcome to my little cottage."
With the sparse amount of light, I could barely make out the faint smile Rinia had.
By this time, I had no idea where we were, but the homey little hut that couldn’t be any bigger than a single room in the Eralith Family’s castle was welcoming to my eyes.
"Whew." Tessia squatted down as she was able to finally release her tension.
"This...this is quite the place, Aunt Rinia." Alduin slid his hand against the wall of the cave the hut was in.
"Where are we?" I couldn’t help but ask as I inspected our surroundings as well.
"Somewhere in the elf kingdom," was all she said as she made her way into her hut.
Lighted by a few dim shining orbs in the corners of the cave, the place Rinia called home reminded me of some sort of dungeon used to hold the worst criminals, not a place where a close friend of the royal family would reside.

"I’m sure you have your reasons, Aunt Rinia, but was it really necessary to shut yourself in a place like this?" Merial frowned as her eyes focused on the hut Rinia just went inside.
"Just an old lady being overly cautious. Don’t mind me! It’s actually quite cozy once you get used to it." Rinia’s head popped out of the hut’s sheet door.
"Can I see inside too?" Tess had Sylvie wrapped in her arms as she curiously eyed the interior of the hut.
"Of course! Everyone, come inside." Rinia waved us in.
We all looked at each other in doubt, but Virion just herded us all in while saying, "Come now, the place isn’t going to eat you up. It’s quite roomy inside, despite its appearance. Let’s get something to drink! I’m quite famished."
Once we settled down into the minimally designed disaster shelter that was Rinia’s new home, I sunk into the couch. Leaning my head on my hand, I must’ve nodded off because when I woke up, everyone was also asleep.
Rubbing my eyes, I got up to see that Rinia was the only one still awake, sipping on something that smelled like an herb tonic.
"They won’t be awake for a while, Arthur. Let’s have a talk," Rinia said simply without even looking at me. She gestured for me to sit in the chair across from her as she continued sipping on her tea.
"Well, from how you probably drugged everyone but me, I’m guessing this is something that only I can know?" My eyes narrowed, but I trusted Rinia. Besides, if she wanted to kill us, I was sure that with her powers of foresight, she already could’ve done so.
Wordlessly, I sat down and leaned back, waiting for the aged elf to speak.
"Despite the unforeseen circumstances, you’re quite composed, Arthur." Rinia’s tone seemed to say she expected this.
"I’m sure if you wanted the worse to happen, it would’ve happened already," I shrugged.
"Mm."
"..."
"A logical assumption," nodded Rinia. "Now, where do I begin?" she sighed. "Well, let’s begin with a small lesson on my powers as a Diviner."
My ears perked up at this. Learning about a rare deviant form of magic didn’t come often, as textbooks only held a limited amount of information about them.
Noticing the interest on my face, Rinia continued. "As you may know, unlike regular mages who draw forth power from the mana particles in the atmosphere, deviants have to find their own source of power to fuel their magic."
I nodded in agreement.
"For example, your mother, an Emitter, has the ability to heal herself and others in a way elemental recovery spells can’t compare to."
I nodded to this as well. There were various recovery spells that could be learned by water, wind, and plant attribute mages. Unfortunately, fire and earth didn’t have any innate healing attributes, so it was impossible to create a recovery spell out of them. All in all, though, the recovery spells were still weak and couldn’t compare to the healing that Emitters were capable of.
"Emitters have mana cores that naturally accumulate a special type of mana that is used to power their spells. Throughout my life, I’ve met quite a few deviants, each with unique properties in their magic. They all have one thing in common though, different from an elemental deviant such as yourself. Each of the deviants have their own pool of mana that they use to power their deviant magic." She looked a little absent-minded as she said this.

"It must be an inconvenience for them since they can’t draw in mana from the atmosphere," I added.
"It sure is. After interviewing many deviants, they would all tell me how difficult it was to learn even basic elemental spells since they did not have mana cores that could harness the mana particles in the atmosphere. However, with their deviant powers, it made up for this handicap."
There was a moment of silence where I could only hear the soft snoring of Sylvie in Tess’ arms before Rinia spoke again.
"As for Diviners, it’s quite different. First of all, our powers can awaken at any point in our lives, which is quite different from conventional mages and other deviants. Our powers mostly come in erratic bursts where, quite often, blurred images and clips of the future simply flash through my mind. Sometimes they’d be useful, but most of the time, they were too vague and minute to make anything out of. These little flashes of the future don’t expend any mana at all, actually."
I stayed silent, an eerie feeling creeping up on me.
"If you were to sense my mana core, I actually have quite a normal mana core, capable of harnessing and refining the mana particles in the atmosphere, which is why I’m quite adept at water attribute magic myself," Rinia exclaimed mockingly. "Doesn’t seem like a very useful power if I can’t control it, now does it?" she continued.
"Then what about the the spell that you used to allow me to locate my parents and even speak to them when I was little?" I questioned.
"Ah, that’s a nifty little spell I made that involves my unique powers as a Diviner, but not really. You see, Arthur, true divination is reading the future—knowing when and where something is going to happen."
I was getting lost. "Then if that is your true power as a Diviner and you said your mana core doesn’t power that magic, how do you—"
"With my own lifespan," she cursed.
"We Diviners shorten our own lifespans each time we choose to consciously look into the future. That is the true power of a Diviner. Everything else are just useful little spells that can’t be considered anything more than hat tricks."
I sat there, wide-eyed, not knowing how to respond.
"What we talked about earlier, Virion’s only love and wife, was another rare Diviner that was much more powerful than I was. Her unconscious divinations and prophecies would be much longer, much more detailed than mine, and much more frequent at that." Rinia’s reminiscent smile faded as she continued speaking.
"Coupled with her physical beauty and graceful temperament, she was the envy of every female elf of our generation. She was the pride of our kingdom and an idol to the citizens.
"Things were looking perfect as she fell in love with Virion and the two got married in a beautiful ceremony. However, Fate wasn’t as kind to her as everyone thought."
I couldn’t help but grimace at the tone of this tragedy-in-happening.
"At this time, the war between the Kingdom of Sapin and Elenoir had begun to die down, with the talk of a treaty in the air. However, the King of Sapin at the time made a last ditch effort to do as much damage to our kingdom as possible before the signing of the treaty. He carried out a plan to extinguish the future heir to the throne."
"You mean..."
"Yes, Virion was the sole target of an assassination mission carried out by the King himself," Rinia spoke in almost a whisper.
"..."
"Mockingly, his wife was repeatedly tormented by visions of Virion’s death. Her unconscious prophecies told her little of how Virion would die and every time she did something to try and change the future, the outcome only led to a different cause of death. Virion knew the toll of his wife using her powers, but she did so anyway behind his back, out of desperation to keep him from his inevitable death."
"Every time I use my powers to look into the future, I can feel the days, weeks, sometimes even months being drained out of my body. I could only imagine how terrible it must’ve been for her to repeatedly use this cursed power for the one she loved."
I didn’t know what to say, and even if I did, it would have been insensitive to say, coming from someone who didn’t know what it felt like.
Rinia’s eyes glistened from the tears that she had been holding back.
"In the end, she was able to keep Virion alive long enough for the peace treaty to be signed, but having burned up so much of her lifespan to protect the man she loved, she died a few months after in his arms with her youthful, beautiful appearance replaced with an aged, sickly elder."
"Do you know who that Diviner was, Arthur?" She looked up with a stream of tears rolling down her right cheek.
"She was my sister."





ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
Her words rang out in my ear like a giant gong that was rung at the beginning of every year. They say the people with the widest smiles hide the most pain in their hearts. I shifted my gaze over to the sleeping Virion and remembered the times that he joked around with his cheeky grin.
I had no idea the pain that he had gone through...
I felt like some pubescent teenager that thought the world hated him. I was ignorant of the fact that there were others who might’ve suffered from deeper pains than I had.
No words left my mouth after what Rinia said, only focusing on the ever so slight tremble of my fingers.
"The reason I bring this up isn’t to elicit pity or sorrow from you. I tell you this so that you’ll realize the gravity of what I’m about to inform you of next." There was a stern conviction in her voice that made me look back up.
Elder Rinia paused, as if readying her heart before she spoke. "I used my powers to intentionally look into your future, Arthur."
After all she told me, what she just said weighed on me all the more. "What? Wh-why?" was all I could stammer out before Sylvie sleepily walked towards me and hopped onto my lap, falling asleep again, leaving the both of us with a brow raised.
"Seems like your bond is immune to the herbs I gave her," she chuckled.
"Yeah, she probably just fell asleep naturally," I replied with a half grin.
"Well, continuing on, even before the day I first met you when you were a child, I had been getting glimpses of your future; never enough to make sense of it, but it was odd to have so many visions of a specific person. It has never happened before. " Rinia shifted in her seat.
"As you may already be aware, Arthur, things are changing on this continent. Dicathen is going through a new era. We’ve already experienced the beginning of it with the unity of the three Kingdoms and the unveiling of the Six Lances, but that’s just the beginning. Through all of these changes that are going to happen, you always seem to be in the center of them somehow, Arthur." The elderly Diviner locked eyes with mine.
"Then moving to this remote hideout..." I started to say.
She just gave me a slight nod. " With the knowledge I gained from looking into the future... your future, it seems like I’ve made some enemies."
"What exactly is it that you learned from looking into my future?" I asked.
"Here’s the tricky part. Telling you too much of what I saw can affect even the outcomes you want. On the other hand, telling you too little defeats the point of me looking into the future in order to find a better outcome," she sighed.

"How do you feel though, Rinia? You just gave up some of your life in order to see my future... are you okay?" I couldn’t help but frown.
"I’ll be fine. I’ve lived long enough, anyway. I might as well use some of it to help the future." Rinia waved her hand dismissively.
"I hate sounding like some old fortune teller warning the hero to be careful and other sorts of generic advice that he can pick up from anyone, but it pains me to say that I can only do that much." I could tell she was trying to make light of the situation to ease my guilt.
"Arthur..." Rinia’s tone became serious, almost foreboding, "You will face many hardships. Whichever future you decide, that will remain constant. You will have enemies and you will have obstructions in your path, but through all of that, what I can leave you with is that you need to have an anchor, an end goal. What is it you want to accomplish in your life? That will be what determines your path."
This sounded more like a motivational speech than a prophecy, but as if she had read my mind, Rinia continued.
"Be grounded, Arthur, and I’ll leave you with these two things. One: people do bad things for good reasons, so don’t just take them for what they do on the surface and keep your mind sharp. Two: oftentimes, the scariest enemy isn’t the one on the throne, leading the forces, but the abandoned soldier that has nothing to lose; for that, stay wary and don’t be overconfident." Rinia’s voice became a soft whisper as she warned me, leaving an uncomfortable silence in the room.
"I’m sorry I can’t say anything more, but all I can say is to follow and trust your instincts. You are a particularly sharp fellow and I know you’ll make the right choices, but sometimes, the right choice isn’t always the best choice."
________________________________________
The talk with Rinia ended, leaving me with a rather bad taste in my mouth, like one would get after taking a spoonful of a bitter tonic. Helpful and necessary, but bitter nonetheless.
Rinia woke everyone up soon after, with me pretending to have been asleep with them as well. Rinia made some excuse that she accidentally mixed in some herbs for relaxation that were a lot stronger than she anticipated. No one seemed to mind and we continued on with a light lunch that Rinia prepared out of edible plants and mushrooms. It tasted good despite the lack of meat, but by Sylvie’s reaction, I’m sure she would disagree.
It was pretty late in the afternoon by the time we finished eating and had to get on our way. A bigger surprise than the fact that Rinia’s home was in the center of a mountainside cliff was the fact that, through a secret door and passage, she had her own teleportation gate.
Since teleportation gates were made in ancient times, supposedly with the help of the deities, or Asuras, as I now know, it wasn’t possible to make any more. Virion wasn’t as surprised as everyone else, including me, but knowing Rinia’s powers, I could only shrug and realize that this was something within her abilities.
After saying our goodbyes, Tess, Sylvie, and I went through the gate. Along with the dizzy feeling after crossing, we were welcomed back to the edge of Xyrus City by guards that had their spears pointed at us.
After realizing that the unknown crossers were teens who had the Xyrus Academy uniforms on, they quickly lowered their weapons.
"We apologize, the portal you were coming from was read as an unknown gate, so we didn’t know who or what would pop out from the other side. It’s rare, but there have been times when mana beasts accidentally stumble through a teleportation gate somewhere deep in the Beast Glades," one of the guards, that seemed to be the leader, said, although his eyes still watched us with a studying gaze.
"It’s fine. We came from one of the other cities of Elenoir and the guard did mention that he was having troubles with the gate from time to time," I shrugged.
With an understanding nod, the guards let us go and since there was no carriage waiting for us, the three of us walked to the nearest stop and found a carriage to take us. The sun was already setting and I could see the color distortion in the sky as the Aurora Constellate was soon coming to its peak. It was a lot easier to see it from the floating city than through the dense trees in Elenoir.

"Wow, the Aurora Constellate really is beautiful every time you see it," Tess said in awe.
"Kyu~" ’The sky is colorful!’ Sylvie also sat at the edge of the carriage, her small head gazed up in appreciation.
When we made it back to the Helstea Manor, Sylvie scurried up the stairs leading to the door and scratched at it. As Tess and I followed her up, the door opened, revealing a person that I didn’t expect to see.
"Jasmine?!" I stopped where I stood and gasped.
"Long time no see," my mentor from my adventurer days replied, with the only visible sign on her expressionless face that she was happy to see me, the slight grin she had.
Before I had the chance to say anything more, the rest of the Twin Horns came, one by one, each with a big grin on their faces as they saw me with a girl they’d never seen before.
"You’ve grown," Durden said with a warm smile on his wide, tanned face.
"Look who we have here! Mr. Hotshot bringing home a lady," Adam Krensh, the wild-looking vagabond spear user cooed, leaning on the edge of the doorframe.
"Wow, look who’s become more of a man." Helen Shard, the archer, still as charismatic as before, winked at me.
While they all stayed at the top of the stairs, waiting for us to come up, Angela hopped down the stairs herself and picked me up in a bear hug.
"Look how cute you’ve gotten!!" she squealed as she waved me around, my legs dragging helplessly on the cement stairs since she was too short to completely pick me up off the ground.
"Mmmfph mmmh!" Any hopes to articulate words failed as the abyss of her well-endowed bosom absorbed my face.
"I-I think you should let go..." I heard Tess stammer out as she tugged on the side of my uniform.
"Look who we have here! Aren’t you the cutest little elf!" Angela Rose put me down like discarded waste and picked up Tess, who let out a squeal in surprise.
My family soon came out and greeted us with open arms with my sister, Eleanor, who already had Sylvie in her arms.
I was eager to catch up with the Twin Horns over dinner since I hadn’t seen them in over a year, but I could tell Tess was kind of uncomfortable with all of this. She already felt a bit out of place being in my home, but with the unexpected guests that she’d never seen before, she was feeling all the more tense and awkward.
My mother and sister tried to make her feel more comfortable, but since she was being awkward with me as well for some reason, she couldn’t take it, and told everyone, after apologizing, that she had to go back to school first for some Student Council work that she was sorely behind on.

"Are you really going back to the academy?" I asked.
"I’ve missed too much school and work has probably piled up by now. Thank you guys for your hospitality and I’m sorry I couldn’t stay longer." Tess made a curt bow and followed after the driver that came to get her.
I went outside with her, uncertain if I should go with her or not.
"Don’t worry about me! I’ll admit it was a bit uncomfortable for me in there, but that’s not the main reason I’m going back. I really am behind on Student Council work and I feel bad since even Lilia is still at school. It wouldn’t be right of me to be in her home relaxing while she’s working, right?" Tess gave me a reassuring smile.
"You’re right, but I’m just worried since Gramps said that you still had to rest. Your mana core still is a bit unstable, even with the seal that Rinia gave you before we left. I’d just feel more comfortable if I was near you in case something happened." I scratched my head, a rather doubtful feeling itching up on me.
"I have no reason to use magic at the academy for the time being anyways. Besides, you’re coming back to school tomorrow. I think I’ll be able to survive until then," she gave me a playful wink, distilling the previous awkwardness she had.
"Alright, but be careful." I lightly bonked her head, getting a light punch in the stomach in reply.
TESSIA ERALITH’S POV:
"Whew." It was getting harder and harder to keep a straight face in front of Arthur. If I;d stayed and talked to him any longer, I felt like my face was going to burn like a candle.
My body felt out of sync because of my mana core; It affected my body, as if somebody tilted the world just slightly enough to throw me off balance, but I didn’t tell Arthur this since he’d just get overly worried.
After closing my eyes for what seemed like a couple of seconds, I was already close to the school gate.
"Thank you!" I said to the driver.
He gave me a friendly nod in reply, tipping his hat, before driving back toward Lilia’s house.
Right after stepping through the barrier and entering the gate, the atmosphere seemed to have changed drastically. My body tensed immediately, as if signaling my brain that there was danger nearby.
"Hoho! You’re here...ALONE? Pfft! This is going to be easier than I thought! Yes, it is!"
The throaty voice surprised me. I immediately whipped my head toward the source of the voice.
"Lucas? Lucas Wykes?" I gaped.
It surely was Lucas, but something was off... well, a lot of him was off. His skin was gray, first off, and the way his body spasmed randomly made him look more like a rabid monster than a student.
I wanted to move, but I couldn’t. The pressure and bloodlust he was giving off didn’t allow me too. All my body could do in response was shiver.
"Hehe... I can’t believe you’re here alone, no I can’t! It’s nice seeing you again, Princess! As beautiful as ever, yes you are!" Lucas approached me with jagged steps.
This wasn’t Lucas anymore... The feeling I got from him was more of a deranged mana beast than his usual egotistical self.
Seeing the expression on my face, his face tilted as he revealed a toothy grin. "Why don’t you play with me until Arthur gets here?"





ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
Tess leaving for school left me with a rather uneasy feeling, but, needless to say, we still enjoyed the night. The Helstea Manor was in a festive mood, with barrels of liquor brought up from the cellar by Vincent himself. Lilia’s father was getting the most enjoyment out of this, along with my father, who were both in an inebriated state before I even got home. It turned out that the Twin Horns had made a detour on their series of expeditions in the Beast Glades to visit us during the Aurora Constellate. It meant a lot to my parents just being able to see their old comrades again and share a drink or two as a toast to old times and embarrassing memories.
After my father and Vincent, Adam Krensh was the next to become intoxicated, his flushed cheeks almost matching his fiery red hair. It was rather fascinating witnessing everyone’s alcohol-induced habits since my mother and Tabitha wouldn’t allow me to drink alongside them. Adam was your typical loud and rowdy drunk, seeming to lose enough coordination for an infant to be able to wrestle him to the ground and win.
Angela Rose began to lose all sense of personal space as she conversed with me with her cheeks stuck to mine. It didn’t help that every spoken word was accompanied by two or three hiccups, making it almost impossible to decipher what she was trying to say. Tabitha ended up having to peel her off of me and ’kindly’ escort the coquettish mage up the stairs by the back of her collar.
I had a hard time containing my laughter while Durden Walker soon became drunk as well. What surprised me the most was when he opened his eyes. The usual narrow shapes that looked more like slits became a stern mono-lidded dictator’s surprised expression. It didn’t help that his eyebrows that were normally slanted down were now furrowed into an upward tilt, making his overall expression a mixture of intense focus and uncontainable surprise. He would take on this gruff commanding tone when speaking, and for the past hour or so before passing out, he was spouting out training drills to one of the empty barrels of beer while participating in the exercises himself.
I couldn’t tell whether my former guardian, Jasmine Flamesworth, was drunk or not until she came up, eyes glossy and unfocused, and started repeating to me how much she thought of me and how worried she was as to whether or not I was adjusting to school well. Eventually, everyone retired to their respective rooms. Mother towed my father, who was cradling a bottle of what smelled like whiskey as if it were a newborn, back into their room. Tabitha did the same for her husband as well. My sister went to sleep with Sylvie quite a while ago in her room, leaving only Helen Shard, the leader of the Twin Horns, and me in the war zone that was once a dining room.
"Quite the party, wasn’t it? I’m sure this wasn’t exactly how you pictured your reunion with us to go," Helen let out a contained giggle.
I laughed in response. "With everything that’s been going on these days, it was nice seeing everyone let loose."
"Your parents told us briefly about everything that has happened to you since we were gone. You seem to be doing a fairly good job of taking on your father’s role in worrying your mother." The faint smirk that curled on Helen’s lips suggested she was reminiscing the past.
"It seems to be the one skill that I seem to be getting better at without even trying."
"If only it were like that for me with mana manipulation," Helen sighed, making us both laugh.
We moved to the living room after the maids started showing up and cleaning the dining room. There, we sat with only a coffee table separating us as we continued talking and catching each other up on what had happened in our respective lives.

It was the first time I’d talked to Helen for this long, but it was comfortable, and she talked to me as if she were talking to an adult, not someone who had barely hit his or her teens. She had an eloquent way of speaking that wasn’t usual for an adventurer; she seemed more suited to lead strategic meetings, not be on the front lines, fighting.
"If you don’t mind me asking, Arthur, what level is your mana core? I can’t seem to even sense your level anymore." Helen lifted her feet from the coffee table and leaned forward as she asked this.
"Solid Yellow," I answered simply. I didn’t want to sugarcoat or try to downplay my level to someone as observant as Helen.
"I see. Congratulations, sincerely." Helen had a mixed expression on her face, one where she was trying to hide her disappointment, but failed. She wasn’t disappointed in me, but herself, because even though she more than double my age, I had surpassed her by quite a bit.
"It seems like you are made for bigger and greater things, Arthur. With the discovery of a new continent and all, I suspect that this small academy will only be able to hold you down for so long. We should get some rest." She gave me a smile that didn’t reach her eyes and left after giving me a firm pat on the shoulders.
Collapsing on my bed without the energy or will to even wash, I laid there, thinking about everything that had happened in my life. Was it just a coincidence that I was sent, or actually born into this world as it was going through so much change?
Was I really some cliché protagonist from a bedtime fairy tale that they always read to us at the orphanage? I couldn’t help but scoff at the thought of being some bored god’s source of entertainment as he toyed with my life in the name of my being ’The Chosen One.’
Was I in the hands of some god as a chess piece to make the world run as he saw fit? I squeezed my eyes shut, hoping that would help me get rid of these thoughts. The thought of my fate being under someone else’s control didn’t sit right with me. Turning to my side, I chose to dust these fears away... life was already so unexpected, why make it more complicated?
ELIJAH KNIGHT’S POV:
"Get down!" I roared as I conjured an earthen wall between the mana beasts and the other students behind me.
"ATTENTION RENOWNED STUDENTS OF XYRUS ACADEMY!" a rather high-pitched grating voice echoed throughout the campus. "AS YOU MAY ALL BE AWARE, YOUR INSTITUTION IS CURRENTLY UNDER ATTACK BY MY LITTLE PETS. NO NEED TO FEAR FOR I AM BOTH JUST AND MERCIFUL!" The voice seemed to taunt us as he said this because there was a dwarven student in the jaws of a discolored black-fanged wolf, a B class mana beast.
Even as I conjured up a rock spear underneath the belly of the black-fanged wolf, it still had the time to take the student’s life before collapsing. Gnashing my teeth, I looked away from the dimming gaze of the dwarf that pleaded with his eyes before passing away. If I didn’t have experience as an adventurer, I would’ve thrown up as the student’s insides spilled from the fatal wound caused by the mana beast.
Instead, I calmed myself, using a brief meditation technique that I had learned from class that steadied the flow from my mana core before scouting for any other students to save.

"HUMAN STUDENTS, AS LONG AS YOU RAISE BOTH YOUR HANDS AND SWEAR YOUR ALLEGIANCE TO ME, THE MANA BEASTS WILL NOT ATTACK YOU! ELVES AND DWARVES, DO NOT STRUGGLE AND ALLOW MY PETS TO DESTROY YOUR MANA CORE AND YOU WILL BE FREE TO LEAVE!" The voice let out a deranged laugh that sent a shiver down my spine. It was enjoying the carnage that was going on in this school that had been so peaceful just hours before.
Although the radical group had been escalating their terroristic activity, this was on a completely different level. It happened so suddenly that there was no way to prepare for an event like this. As far as I could tell at this point was that this stage of their plan had been meticulously executed. There were no places to escape to and no way to call for help.
The once clear barrier formation that kept any intruders, including mana beasts, from entering the campus had already turned into a translucent red cage, making the sky look like it was dipped in blood, keeping anyone or anything from leaving.
I didn’t know who the voice belonged to, but his motives were clear. He was willing to take human captives, but wanted all nonhuman mages either dead or incapacitated. I could see pillars of smoke from different buildings of the academy where fights were happening. From time to time, I locked eyes with some of the Disciplinary Committee members as they were fighting off several mana beasts, acknowledging each other since we had no time to brief each other on the situation elsewhere.
There were obviously traitors in the academy, because some of the professors were now being held off by other professors while cloaked figures, as well as the mana beasts, were taking care of the students.
It was strange; I’d seen some of the mana beasts while I was an adventurer, but the only thing different about them was the coloration, or lack of color to be more exact. Except for their matching red eyes, all of the mana beasts that flooded Xyrus Academy looked like they had had their colors drained, leaving them in different hues of gray.
I couldn’t tell how many hours had passed since the invasion started, but there were no signs of help arriving for some reason, like we were closed off from the rest of Xyrus.
I trudged on through the campus quad where bodies laid limp and pools of blood formed around them. This academy was supposed to be a safe haven for future mages of this continent. It pissed me off more than anything that there hadn’t been proper measures implemented for this type of scenario. Since the unification of the three Kingdoms, did The Council not think that there would be enemies?
Just as I was about to follow after a cloaked figure into one of the alchemy labs, a throaty growl caught my attention enough to avoid a thorned growler’s jaw. Unfortunately, I couldn’t avoid its pounce and was hammered into the ground hard enough to knock the wind out of me.
"Grrrrr," as the giant, furry lizard-shaped mana beast’s saliva drenched my uniform, its red eyes were staring at me, as if waiting for me to do something.
"Screw off!" I grunted as I simultaneously conjured a pillar from the ground, launching the two-meter long mana beast in the air before it flipped agilely to regain its ground.
Before I had the chance to do anything more, a sword flew down from the sky, skewering the thorned growler’s head to the ground. The mana beast squirmed helplessly for a couple of seconds before its body also sank to the ground lifelessly.
"Thanks," I grunted, too tired for pleasant formalities. It was Curtis Glayder who came down from the top of a nearby statue to retrieve his weapon, his bond, a world lion, following briskly behind him.
"No problem. You should get somewhere safe until we get reinforcements. It’s too dangerous out here in the open," he said, nodding back.
"I’ll be fine. There are too many enemies for you guys to handle while I hide. I can still help." I bandaged my bleeding arm that had been cut open just now with a torn sleeve and turned my back to follow after the cloaked figure.
Suddenly, a sound that could only have been amplified with mana boomed like thunder. I couldn’t even hear myself scream as both Curtis and I reeled in pain. The ear-numbing ring from the watchtower’s bell didn’t reverberate in my chest. I felt it in my feet as the whole earth shook from it.





ELIJAH KNIGHT'S POV:
As the ear-splitting sound of the bell tower faded into a dull ring, the owner of the same grating voice, who was most likely the cause of all this, cleared his throat before speaking.
"AHEM! TESTING… AH AH… PERFECT!" The sound was coming from the bell tower near the center of campus. "STUDENTS AND FACULTY MEMBERS OF XYRUS ACADEMY—I WOULD LIKE TO WELCOME ALL OF YOU TO JOIN US FOR THE FINAL CEREMONY. I ADVISE EVERY ONE OF YOU TO MAKE YOUR WAY TOWARDS THE BELL TOWER, AS THIS IS SOMETHING YOU GUYS WON'T WANT TO MISS! DON'T WORRY, MY LITTLE PETS WON'T BITE ANYMORE~ I PROMISE."
Curtis and I gave a quick glance and nod at each other. "Get on, quick!" From atop his world lion, Grawder, Curtis beckoned with his left arm stretched out.
Grawder let out a dissatisfied grunt, but otherwise kept to himself as I hopped onto his back behind Curtis, and we immediately headed towards the bell tower. In hope of easing some of my injuries, I used this time to circulate mana towards the deeper wounds.
As we got closer to the bell tower, I could see flashes of spells going off in the vicinity. "What do you think is going on?" Curtis asked. I couldn't see his face, but from just his voice I could imagine the sort of anxious expression he had on his frustratingly handsome face.
"Some of the students and professors are firing spells at the bell tower," I commented with the obvious, not knowing what else to say.
"It looks like there's some sort of barrier surrounding the bell tower," Curtis pointed out as a translucent wall flickered after receiving a spell cast by a professor.
It wasn't long until we came into full view of what was happening for the 'main event.' There was a large stone platform that hadn't been there before, most likely erected by magic. The once flawless marble floor around the bell tower, which marked the center of the academy, was cracked and splintered with pools of wet crimson blood. Various species of discolored mana beasts had gathered around the platform, waiting patiently, almost robotically, ignoring the frightened students just outside the barrier.
[Earthen Javelin Barrage]
[Supernova]
[Thunder Spear]
[Windblade Twister]
After a jumbled drone of chanting, several high-leveled spells were cast in the direction of the bell tower, but despite the huge manifestations of elements bombarded onto a single point, the mana shield that closed off the bell tower only fizzed harmlessly before eating up all of the spells. Seeing that leaves of the trees on the inside of the barrier had not the slightest rustle proved how impenetrable this barrier was.
There was a large crowd of both students and faculty members in front of the bell tower, who were both injured and scared, unsure of what to do as the professors made fruitless attempts at breaking through the protective field.
"Stay here while I try to find the rest of the DC members," Curtis instructed before dropping me off near the front of the barrier. Before I could say anything, Grawder raced off with his master riding on his back, leaving me anxiously waiting for something to happen.
The crowd of dishevelled students were all anxiously chatting with their friends and peers about the disaster that fell upon them today. Some were crying, while other red-eyed students had already passed that phase and were waiting with hardened expressions. I could only wait as well. With the cage keeping us from leaving the academy grounds and mana beasts that seemed ready to jump and devour any who disobeyed, I could see the hope in their eyes flickering away. We were prisoners of this massacre, awaiting our sentence.
Although most of the students in the crowd seemed only lightly injured and battered—indicating that they'd caved in rather quickly—there were a few fighters whose injuries were more serious. Fortunately, some of the professors were adept in the field of healing. While they couldn't compare to Emitters, they were able to save a few lives today.
"WELL IT SEEMS THAT EVERYONE ALIVE HAS MADE IT TO THE GRAND FINALE OF TODAY'S SHOW! I THANK YOU ALL FOR COMING!" The high-pitched tenor had a piercing quality that made everyone turn their attention back towards the bell tower.

He appeared... as if manifesting out of the shadows. The source of the jarring voice that sounded like rusted nails scraping against a chalkboard. He wore a gaudy red robe, decorated with an unreasonable amount of jewelry, reminding me of some second son of a king—a figure who was so down the line of power that his only defining aspect was his inherited wealth. The man wore a rather creepy mask that didn't match his attire. It was a simple white mask with two slits for his eyes, and a crudely drawn jagged smile the color of blood. Behind his mask was a head of crimson hair that flowed past his shoulder blades.
While he had his hands behind his back, it looked like he was holding something, but I couldn't make out what it was because of his shadow.
At the sight of the bold figure, the murmuring of everyone ceased, creating a rather eerie atmosphere. A deafening silence descended upon the crowd as all eyes fell on the mysterious masked man, depicting both curiosity and fear of what he would do next.
Drip. Drip. Drip. The sound of small droplets splashing on the ground echoed through the entire space, further adding to the uneasy suspense.
All of a sudden, an earthen spear barrelled directly at the masked culprit. Unfortunately, its trajectory ended as it smashed into the protective shield, shattering into pieces.
Unfazed, he stood there as students began chanting in desperate hopes that somehow, the barrier had weakened enough for us to break through.
Strings of curses were shouted out at the masked figure as everyone realized that it was impossible to break through. I heard familiar voices cry out insults and profanities as they didn't know what else to do at this point.
"Pfft…" The man's shoulders bobbed up and down as he tried to contain his laughter.
"PUAHAHAHAHAHA!" His manic laughter, unaided by mana, echoed throughout the area, somehow drowning out everyone else's voices.
I could see a mixture of emotions in the students' and professors' faces: fear, anger, desperation, confusion, frustration, and helplessness as they were all stunned into silence by the abrupt laughter.
It was then that the masked man tossed the object he was holding behind his back onto the floor.
With a dull thud, the spherical object rolled into view close enough for the people in the front to see.
It was a hea...
It was a real head.
It wasn't the sound of water dripping that I heard, it was blood from the head.
It took my mind a couple of seconds of blank staring to process what was going on before a wave of nausea hit me like a bat.
I threw up.
Over and over again.
The stench of last night's dinner mixed with an acidic twist made me gag more until I was left with only dry heaves and watery eyes.
By the time I composed myself, I could see students and professors alike either looking away, pale-faced, or clutching their stomachs as they continued vomiting on the ground.

I didn't want to look again, but my eyes were itching to look back at the decapitated head. When I saw it again, I noticed it was a dwarf's. I'd seen her before, but hair covered some of her face as a pool of blood expanded from underneath with only the bone of her spine jutting out...it was so white.
I was drawn to the gore. My mind was screaming to turn away, but my eyes stayed fixated on the gruesome sight as everything else blurred out of focus.
As his disturbing laughter continued, his whole body shaking in delight, a booming howl caught everyone's attention.
"NOOOOOOO! DORADREA!" I spotted Theodore as he roared, charging furiously towards the masked man. He knocked aside the students that weren't quick enough to get out of his one-man stampede.
"DORADREA!" Theodore screamed, his voice cracking as he hammered his fists against the translucent barrier.
There were only two sounds that could be heard. It was the sound of delighted laughter coming from the masked man, and the sound of Theodore's thunderous pounding against the barrier.
BOOM!
It was one of the Disciplinary Committee members…
BOOM!
The same group Arthur was in...
BOOM!
A crater formed underneath Theodore as the marble floor around him continued to crumble and cave under the pressure of his might. As he continued smashing against the barrier, blood began streaming down his arms as his hands were shattered by his own strength. Despite that, the fury never left Theodore's eyes as his icy gaze never left the masked man.
"COME OUT HERE AND FIGHT ME, YOU COWARD!" Theodore howled, a deranged look shrouding his eyes.
Suddenly, the masked man stopped his laughter and removed his mask. His face was narrow and sharp, with skin that glowed in a hue of gray. In spite of the sharp and the attractive features he boasted, it was hard to miss the crazy, almost psychotic expression that seemed to have been permanently ingrained into his being. His face was wrinkled in a scowl as he tilted his head to the side, as if he was confused by Theodore's last statement.
"Coward? Me?" The masked figure began walking towards Theodore with the easy arrogance of someone who knew that everything in the world existed for his taking, every one of his steps seeming to drive a nail into the minds of everyone present.
"Yes, you! Stop hiding behind this barrier and fight me!" He growled back, blood continuing to drip from his broken hands.
"Coward? Me? The mighty and reborn Draneeve… hiding?" The person called Draneeve blinked out of view and appeared in front of Theodore with a speed so fast, Theodore wasn't even able to react as Draneeve pulled him to the other side of the barrier. He threw the Disciplinary Committee member easily onto the erected platform.
Caught off guard, Theodore landed less than elegantly on his back before squirming to his knees, having trouble putting weight on his crippled hands.
Again, Draneeve blinked in a sudden flash of speed and squatted down to face Theodore. "Why don't you fight me now?" A sinister smirk curved on the red-haired man's face.

With a desperate yell, Theodore jumped up, bringing his leg down, executing a heel kick towards Draneeve's shoulder.
BOOM!
As the platform splintered and a cloud of dust formed, it was obvious that Theodore had imbued enough mana into his leg to crumble a building.
There were a few cheers from the students as we all waited for the cloud to clear. I too hoped that the attack was enough to warrant cheering, but I knew it wouldn't be that easy.
A howl of pain amidst the cloud of debris rendered the cheers moot as we waited with bated breath. As the dust cleared, none of us were prepared for what we saw.
It wasn't a secret to everyone here that Theodore was a deviant, capable of using mana to manipulate gravity. Just from the fact that the stone platform shattered like glass, we knew that Theodore hadn't held back during his attack just then, but what we did not expect was for Theodore's leg to still be positioned atop Draneeve's shoulder where it landed... except... Draneeve was fine. Theodore's leg, however, had been snapped cleanly in half.
We all stood there with our mouths agape. Even the professors were baffled by the clear difference in strength between the two. Theodore's strength would've even made the professors do everything that they could to dodge the attack, yet this mysterious man here had taken it head on and come out unscathed despite the freshly made fissures.
"Come on! The Great Draneeve isn't hiding. Let's fight!" The smirk never left his face as he kicked Theodore away like rag doll.
"I'm fighting you like you wanted, right? What's wrong?" Draneeve tilted his head again in mock confusion as he continued to beat Theodore into a stupor. His face was no longer even recognizable as he was pummeled to a bloody and broken mess. The rest of us couldn't even do anything… only watch as our fellow schoolmate was tortured right in front of our eyes.
"....cker," Theodore managed to croak before vomiting out blood.
"Hmm? What was that?" Draneeve landed another solid kick to his side, a loud crack of a broken bone accompanying it.
Lifting his battered head, Theodore looked straight up into his assailant's eyes with a look of pure hatred and disdain before he spat the blood congealed in his mouth at Draneeve's foot.
I could see veins popping on Draneeve's forehead but he simply took a deep breath as he ran his fingers through his red hair, peering down in disdain at the bloody mess that was Theodore like a squashed insect.
"I see you still have a bit of fight left in you! Hmm… it is too bad though, you seem to be on the verge of dying from blood loss. Let me help you with that."
"GAAAAAAAHHHH!" The gurgled scream was all I could hear as Theodore combusted into crimson flames at the snap of Draneeve's fingers. That was all he did… snap his fingers.
He snapped them again, extinguishing the flames, leaving a charred and smoking carcass.
I realized by this time that my hands were covered in warm crimson from my nails digging into the flesh of my palms. I was useless at this point. Even if I ended up succeeding in breaking the barrier, wouldn't I just end up like Theodore?
"Pfft! See! I helped him! He's not bleeding anymore, right? PUAHAHAAHAHA!" His cackling laugh filled the area as he began clapping for himself in amusement.
Seeing that none of us laughed along, he just shook his head. "Oh poo~ you guys are no fun. Relax, I left him alive for now."
I peeled my eyes away from Theodore's decimated body to see Curtis being held back by the other members of the Disciplinary Committee. His mouth was covered by Claire who had a trail of tears streaming down her anguished face. The princess, Kathyln, was holding onto her brother's arm with her head down so I couldn't see her expression. I couldn't see that elf, Feyrith, and the other member, the mysterious one with the narrow eyes. I think his name was Kai…
"NOW! I apologize to you all for the delay! Without further ado, we will now commence with our main event! Fellas, bring them out!"
As Draneeve grandly waved his arm like some conductor, the frozen mana beasts stirred and sat up straight as a line of hooded figures, covered in robes, came out from the bell tower, each dragging with them a student.
It was when I saw her that my mind came to a stop.
I felt like I was suddenly swimming in thick syrup as my hand pressed hard against the barrier. I fell to my knees and just stared out in front of me, in a daze.
Being dragged by her hair, her face battered and bruised while her clothes torn and messy… was Tessia.





CLAIRE BLADEHEART'S POV:
I held onto Curtis, clasping my hand over his mouth in desperation. My vision blurred as tears continued to well up and stream down my cheeks.
We couldn't… I couldn't do anything.
The disciplinary committee members were in charge of preserving the safety and order within Xyrus Academy. I was handpicked by Director Goodsky herself to take on this vital duty, and with the exception of Arthur, I was assigned the task of choosing the members and leading them.
I was their leader, yet I had let all of this happen… I let in a spy.
I was ignorant of the fact that all of our movements were being leaked to the enemy.
I was responsible for the state Theodore was in right now. Even if he made it out of this alive, he would never be able to walk on his own two feet again.
I was responsible for Feyrith getting captured.
I was responsible for the death of Doradrea Oreguard.
...
I should've noticed by how the radical group seemed to know of our every move and effortlessly slip past us on each occasion. I guess subconsciously, I believed that my team members would, without a doubt, be loyal.
Because of my naive assumptions, we were the first to get attacked. It had happened last night, when the soft, dim light of dawn peeked out over the horizon. We had been busy preparing for the full-scale battle that would come eventually, finalizing the emergency evacuation plan after constructing makeshift safe houses out of basements and old classrooms for students to barricade themselves in.
We had all agreed that this might be going a bit overboard, but I now realized that it wasn't even close to enough.
Restless, everyone had decided to let out some steam by training. It was Kai's idea. He suggested that we enlarge the area of the training barrier so that everyone could practice without the students, who were all on edge from the recent events, being startled by the sounds of spells and weapons colliding.
We had never enlarged the training barrier before, but nevertheless, I didn't find anything wrong with his suggestion, so I let Kai supervise the barrier while the rest of us trained inside it.
When the barrier formed, it took on a reddish sheen that normally never appeared. Thinking back, the training barrier Kai erected by using the artifact was a miniature version of the cage that was now surrounding the entire academy.
That's when we were attacked. Kai had let them in; it was as simple as that. That sly bastard was the one who gave away all of our plans to the radical group while feeding us false information.
Kai had his hands full keeping the barrier up so that no one outside could hear the sounds of battle. We were outnumbered three to one yet we were on the verge of winning. The radical group mages were strong, but my team members were stronger. We would have broken free and warned the school… but he had to show up.
As soon as he stepped into the barrier, whatever advantage we had had disappeared. I just couldn't believe he'd been a part of this—no, I'm lying. It was definitely possible for him to be a part of this. What I couldn't believe was that it was actually him.
He single-handedly turned the tides. He was a gifted mage before and if it wasn't for his twisted and conceited personality, I would've definitely wanted him to join the Disciplinary Committee. He was talented, but a lot of his breakthroughs came from the overuse of elixirs and other synthetic drugs that would result in dire consequences later. This was the rumor, anyways.
But he was on another level. The mana fluctuation around him was comparable to that of professors'—no, beyond them. It was odd though. The abundant mana surrounding him was erratic, chaotic almost; there was so much mana being forcibly generated that it overflowed. I wasn't sure if that was the cause, but even the color of his skin and hair took on a different tint.
The amount of mana was unnatural for someone barely hitting the age that most humans would begin to awaken. This reminded me of Arthur; he might even be stronger than him presently, however, I knew for certain that whatever led him to this state wasn't anything natural.
Needless to say, we weren't much of a match for him. Chantless casting, multicasting, an endless well of mana—even if he was alone, I felt like he could've held up against all of us together.
How was it possible for him to have become this strong? was the persistent thought that kept running through my mind, poking at me.
"You call yourself a student of this academy? Out of all people, I would've assumed your pride wouldn't allow you to be some dog of a crazy terrorist group, Lucas," I spat out in disdain. "I now see that I was wrong."

I could see that I had hit a nerve as his smug expression darkened, but before he got reckless like I had hoped, Kai intervened.
"Lucas, he wants this done quick and clean. Don't forget the mission," the narrow-eyed augmenter said curtly, his face tensed in concentration from trying to keep the barrier up.
Kai had ignored our repeated hateful shouts prying for the reason of his betrayal, only opening his mouth to keep Lucas in check.
At this point, it would be impossible to get out by trying to beat him; our goal was to create an opening in the barrier.
While battling, we intentionally aimed our spells at the same spot without them noticing, but the barrier was a lot stronger than we had anticipated.
After defeating three of them, Feyrith was the first to get captured and pulled away by the other radical group members, but by then, we had managed to make a crack on the surface of the barrier, a gap large enough for us to fit through. But not all of us were able to escape. Through gritted teeth, we had to leave behind Doradrea, along with Feyrith, who stalled the radical group long enough for us to escape.
It hadn't feel like we escaped, no—it felt like we were let go. I could still clearly remember the smirk etched onto Lucas' face as he stood there, looking down on me like an insect he released because he didn't want to trouble himself with the mess.
By the time we made it out, it was already too late. Our battle had taken time, and during that time, the academy was already locked in a cage and under attack by both the radical group and mana beasts.
Director Cynthia had not returned and by the time we found some of the Student Council members, they had been assaulted as well, although they seemed to be in a better shape than us. Clive seemed especially grateful that the Student Council President was still not back from her trip. The Student Council Secretary—Lilia, I believe—asked me worriedly if Arthur was okay, and was relieved to find out he wasn't inside the academy.
It was demoralizing for us as some of the students we tried so hard to fight for simply gave in and sided with the enemies.
But I couldn't blame them.
It was us that failed in our jobs to protect them.
...
"Please, Curtis… please." I continued begging, choking back a sob.
"Please, stop. You can't." I bit my lower lip.
"Please…"
Curtis' thrashing settled, but I could still feel him trembling with rage. I removed my hand from his mouth and noticed that there was blood; it was Curtis'.
He had been biting on his lips so hard, he'd bitten into them.
"I'll kill him…" I heard Curtis mutter, his voice shaking.
"Curtis, please... just wait. I can't have you charging out like Theodore. We can't lose you too." I tried to keep a firm tone as I spoke, but I didn't sound convincing even to myself.
"Wait? Are we supposed to just wait while we let him kill Theodore and Feyrith? Huh? Like how he killed Doradrea?" he spat out in a growl, his voice pitched low and quiet.
My chest contracted from the venom in Curtis' words, but before I could say anything else, a sharp sound stopped me.
Curtis held onto his left cheek, stunned.
Kathyln's eyes were red and swollen, her long lashes still wet with tears. Her expression was a knot of grief and frustration. Her usual impassive expression was nowhere to be seen. Her hand was still held up in front of her from where she had just slapped her brother.
The strike wasn't loud, nor was it that strong, but I could tell by Curtis' expression that the light slap from his sister struck deeper and harder than any bludgeon could.

"Brother. We need to think of a way save them. We need to make a plan to protect everyone here. We need to stop that monster, but we can't do any of that if you're like this… or if you're dead." Kathyln's gaze was unrelenting, her every word piercing through not just Curtis, but through me as well.
She was right, we needed to get our act together. We needed to think of a plan.
I looked around the crowd in front of the bell tower and behind us, thinking of a way to escape to Director Cynthia's room to see if there was anything that could help us in there, but robed figures stood guard while the mana beasts tensed up, ready to pounce onto anyone that tried to make a run for it.
It was then that they brought the captives out, and it was then, that I saw Feyrith being dragged out, beaten and unconscious.
As everyone stared solemnly while the row of robed figures, each holding onto their respective prisoner, silently trudged out, it took me a few seconds from this distance to realize that one of them... was the Student Council President.
ELIJAH KNIGHT'S POV:
The scene played out in slow motion for me.
I rubbed my eyes just to be sure, but no matter how many times I rubbed and blinked, her figure wouldn't change. While disheveled and matted with dirt and blood, there was no mistaking that distinct gunmetal hair.
My mind raced as a part of me wrestled to figure out what had happened and how she appeared here while another part of me was still in denial; She wasn't supposed to be here. She was supposed to be with Arthur.
Whispers and mutters began to explode as soon as the students and faculty members alike realized that one of the prisoners was the Student Council President and the other a member of the Disciplinary Committee.
"Shhhhh." Draneeve waved his hand theatrically for us to settle down before continuing. "I'm sure all of you are just dying to know what is going on, but before I explain, I'd like to introduce myself."
He took a few steps forward and straightened his robe, combing his hair back with his fingers. "As I mentioned earlier, I go by Draneeve."
He made a dramatic pause, as if expecting a round of applause. When nothing happened, he just shrugged and continued.
"I know that at this moment, you guys may see me as some sort of bad guy. I wouldn't be surprised, what with the attacks and the deaths, but I assure you, I am on your side."
That ridiculous statement caused an uproar, as jeers and shouts reverberated through the crowd.
"Silence."
His voice couldn't have been louder than a low growl, but the weight of that one word and the immediate pressure following it froze the crowd to a mute.
"As I was saying…My name is Draneeve and I have come to save you all." Draneeve spread his arms in a grandiose manner, his robe fluttering from the wind, making him look pretty impressive.
No one said a word, too afraid of what he might do; all of us simply waited for him to continue speaking.
"You see, I come from a faraway land. This faraway land is a cruel, cruel place for the weak. Yes, I am talking about all of you. Those gathered here are considered the 'elite,' whose backgrounds and potentials make you the future of this continent, but from where I come from, you guys. Are. Simply. Trash." Draneeve's last words were spat out in a mocking staccato.
"That being said, I have made this extremely long and tiresome journey to prepare those I deem worthy so that when my lord becomes this continent's new ruler, you guys will have a place in his kingdom and not be tossed aside like the trash you currently are."
I glanced back to see everyone just looking around, confused. By the expressions on some of their faces, they looked to be in disbelief. Not just surprised, but they sincerely looked like they thought this whole thing was some big prank.
"To those who stand in front of me today, congratulations on being the ones chosen to be honored pawns of the new ruler of this continent. Lukiyah, step forth and show them a glimpse of the newfound powers you have been bestowed."
Lukiyah?
No… It couldn't be…

The figure that had been holding onto Tess by her hair stepped forth, dragging her with him. I bit my lip, struggling to keep calm. Underneath his hood, he seemed to be looking for someone before he stopped; I could feel his eyes on me. I stood transfixed as he removed the hood of his robe.
Confirming my suspicions, it turned out to be Lucas Wykes.
His eyes seemed to be laughing as he continued to stare at me.
Slowly, the edge of his lips curved up as he tugged Tessia up by her hair, just enough so her neck was next to his face.
His mocking gaze never left mine as Lucas ran his tongue slowly…gratingly up her neck to her ear, only to stop and wink at me.
Any sort of inhibition controlling my rage disappeared at that instant, leaving me with just enough sanity to curse out.
"LUCAS, YOU SON OF BITCH! HOW DARE YOU!" My vision reddened as my mind began to numb. Suddenly, as if some inner force pushed my consciousness out, my body felt like it wasn't mine anymore... like I was an entirely different person simply spectating my body from behind.
'Kill.' A voice echoed in my head.
I had never felt a sensation like this before, but I knew that whatever was controlling my body knew how to use my powers better than I could myself.
'Kill.'
It was a peculiar feeling that I knew wasn't normal. It felt like the monster that I had been trying to keep locked up had switched places with me.
My vision distorted and constantly pulsed from what I assumed to be adrenaline. I couldn't hear anything besides the beating of my heart. My body seemed like a shell controlled like a puppet by someone that wasn't me.
'Kill.' The voice was getting stronger.
What the hell was happening to me?
Black spikes ruptured from the earth around me, hurting some of the students who couldn't move out of the way fast enough.
I felt the need to at least apologize but my body was fixated on Lucas.
'Kill, kill, kill!' My mind felt like it was going to split open from the pain.
I walked rather unsteadily towards the ingrate that couldn't be described with just profanity. As I approached the barrier, I worried whether or not my body would be able to break through, but it turned out to be an unnecessary concern. Some sort of black plasma suddenly engulfed my hand and as my body laid it against the barrier, the black plasma slowly began to dissolve the barrier as easily as fire melted butter.
I could make out the surprised expression on Lucas' face, but the expression on Draneeve's face was far more unexpected. His expression paled, twisting and contorting in a way that I could only make out to be fear. He held his hands out in a placating manner, as if trying to calm me down. At that moment, the dozens of mana beasts all sprung out to attack me, but it was futile. At the flick of my wrist, the black spikes shot from the ground, skewering the discolored mana beasts mid-jump.
Was this me? I had never seen magic like this before. It was unnatural, almost evil in a way. Like it was a power meant solely for killing and destroying.
My body ignored the dead mana beasts and slowly drew nearer towards Lucas, who had now lost his bemused expression, replaced by furrowed brows and a tinge of unease in his eyes. The other robed figures decisively released their grip from their prisoners and was about to collectively rush towards me, but for some reason, Draneeve stopped them. I couldn't hear what he was saying, but Draneeve seemed to be almost pleading as his hands constantly gestured in hopes to calm me down.
Suddenly, a sharp pain that seared into me like a burning blade made my body go rigid. I don't know how I knew this, but it felt like my body was reaching its limits.
No. Not yet. I knew I couldn't control my body, but at this point, I desperately wanted my body to at least to kill Lucas like it had planned to.
My body began staggering, each step seeming to slowly become more unsteady.
Almost…
My body put up its hand and a black spike shot out towards Lucas. The spike that looked to be at least an arm's length couldn't kill Lucas like I had hoped, but its speed was fast enough to the point where Lucas couldn't completely dodge the projectile.
Lucas tumbled back from the force of the blow and I could barely make out the black spike sticking out of his right shoulder.
Just one more…
My vision dimmed and my body stilled; I seemed to be losing consciousness. I looked once more at Draneeve, who looked more confused now, and before my consciousness completely faded into the darkness, I thought I saw him. I may have just been hallucinating, but I thought I saw my friend.
I thought I saw Arthur, but that may have just been my wishful thinking.





CLAIRE BLADEHEART'S POV:
Humility. Loyalty. Resoluteness. Courage.
These were the words instilled in me even before I understood what they meant. These were the four qualities that were necessary in order to have a heart as sharp as a sword. This was the creed of the Bladeheart family.
Ignorant as I was as a child, I had truly believed that I would be able to follow this sacred doctrine my family was built upon… no matter what the circumstances.
How truly ignorant I was.
This was the thought that clawed at my mind, making my heart ache as I stood helplessly, watching… simply watching.
Simply watching as Theodore was beaten and burned into an unrecognizable state.
Simply watching as Elijah fearlessly tried to defy, despite being unaided, a figure so powerful I could only submit and hope… hope that I'd somehow make it out alive.
Even with my eyes fixed on the scene, I had trouble registering what exactly was occurring, much less believing it to be real.
What all of the student mages here could not hope to do, what all of the professors here failed to accomplish—Elijah, single-handedly, had achieved.
I had never deemed him as anything more than Arthur's silly friend. He had given me the impression of being easy-going, almost ditzy at times, but not at this moment. After he had cursed aloud at Lucas, his demeanor shifted into someone unrecognizable.
As thoughtless and downright mad as he may have been, that ditzy friend displayed what I couldn't.
As if Elijah's enraged cry had released his soul, Elijah's body seemed almost lifeless as his shoulders slumped and his head hunched forward. I couldn't help but look away when suddenly a blast of black metallic spikes shot out of the ground. I thought Arthur's friend had already died, but I realized it wasn't Draneeve or any of his henchmen that invoked the mysterious spell; it was Elijah that casted it.
The spell he had used then was unusual, almost unnatural, but it was when he placed his palm on the surface of the barrier—when a black flame magic began coiling around his hand, melting the transparent barrier like it was butter—that a cold chill ran down my spine.
Seeing that mysterious magic destroy something so easily when not even the professors combined could scratch it, I felt hope. Maybe he would be able to end this. It was also then, alongside this feeling of hope, I felt an almost tangible contempt for myself.
I looked down to realize my hand had unconsciously gripped the hilt of my sword. I couldn't help but scoff at myself. What use was this sword of mine if fear rendered me unable to even take a step forward?
Looking back up, I fixed my eyes on Elijah. He swayed as he walked, almost staggering like he wasn't really in control of himself. Anyone that tried and opposed him was almost instantly pierced by a black spike. The speed at which each spell was casted shouldn't have been possible. They couldn't even be called spells, but more of an automatic defense mechanism.
I had never heard of something like this before, much less seen it with my own eyes—magic that was so unnatural… sinister... evil.
What confused me, and probably everyone else present, was how Draneeve behaved towards Elijah. Elijah was killing his mana beasts left and right; he had already killed three of his robed underlings. He should've been angry—downright furious at him for opposing his plans, but instead he looked… afraid.
I was only able to make out parts of what Draneeve was saying to Elijah as he frankly ignored the mastermind of this disaster, making his way towards Lucas.
I heard him several times repeating how he didn't know…
I also thought I heard him refer to Elijah as 'sir'... no, that couldn't be right.
After his useless attempts at calming Elijah down, Draneeve started barking out orders to his robed lackeys, telling them to not lay a hand on Elijah. It was a strange sight as our fellow student was trying to kill his allies but the leader was ordering his allies not to fight back.
The other students were baffled at all of this, not quite sure what to make of it; some were voicing their doubts on whether he was actually on our side, perhaps suspecting that Elijah was actually in league with Draneeve. This was until he collapsed on the ground, his final attempt at killing Lucas ultimately unsuccessful.
While at first, we were too shocked by Elijah's sudden outrage and display of cryptic powers to move, some of the professors composed themselves enough to realize that the fracture in the barrier made by Elijah at least gave us a chance to fight back.
This thought had already crossed my mind. I knew that with all of the mana beasts either dead or badly injured and Draneeve partially occupied with Elijah's body, now was the perfect chance to retaliate.
I knew this, yet my feet stayed nailed to the ground beneath me. I knew this, yet I was still afraid…
"Students, clear a way!" An arcane professor led a small group of professors toward the hole in the barrier. The students absentmindedly shuffled out of the way. While many were too discouraged to want to join them on their crusade, the image of Doradrea's decollated head and Theodore's lifeless body burnt in their minds, some students still gathered the courage to try and join them.

Clive was one of them. I spotted him rushing towards the professors, his hands already wielding his bow and arrow but the professor in the back stopped him from going with them.
"Fools," I whispered under my breath. It was still hopeless. Did the professors think that they could now somehow beat Draneeve? They should know better than us. Was it their sense of duty that was driving them to their deaths like this? Or was it their pride preventing them from being rational?
Was being courageous akin to dying a fool's death? Was that what the Bladeheart creed wanted from me?
Kathyln must've heard me. Her red eyes, still quivering, were looking at me, as if I had an answer.
But I didn't. I knew my limits and I knew only a fraction of what my enemies were capable of and even that was enough to rob me of any confidence to unsheathe my sword.
Like from an overused story my mother would always read to me before sending me to bed, the professors marched towards the fracture in the barrier like heroes on an expedition to save the princess from the evil magician.
I could see the arcane professor, whose class I took last semester, in the lead. Behind him was the spell formations professor who taught underclassmen. There was one professor that I couldn't recognize following a few steps behind with a crooked wooden staff. Then joined Professor Glory. She caught my eye and gave me a firm, solemn nod before taking out a second sword from her dimension ring.
The look she gave me then sent chills down my spine. It was a look that I had never actually seen before, but one that my instincts knew—it was the look of someone accepting her death.
The Bladeheart creed clawed its way up into my mind.
Humility. Loyalty. Resoluteness. Courage.
Damn it.
Thinking of this caused a mixture of emotions within me: frustration, for lacking the resolve and loyalty a Bladeheart should display for her academy; shame, for lacking the courage to fight alongside them; and ignorance, for foolishly believing that I had what it took to be a leader of the Disciplinary Committee… to be a Bladeheart.
I shook my head in hopes to clear my dark thoughts.
Living through this would give me another chance to redeem myself, would it not? I couldn't be courageous, loyal, resolute and humble if I was dead.
I turned my attention back to Draneeve, who had kneeled next to Elijah. It looked like he was checking for signs, making sure that Elijah was still alive, carefully, almost tenderly, like a royal attendant would for his king. Our professors, prized mages throughout the entire content, were promptly ignored as he barked out further orders to his robed subordinates to prepare something.
Finally, getting up as he carried Elijah's limp body in his arms, Draneeve began walking towards the back of the stone platform where several robed men were fumbling with what looked like an oddly shaped anvil.
"Lukiyah. Change of plans. You will take care of the ones ignorantly approaching and dispose of these—" he glanced down at the students captured, his eyes stopping at our Student Council President, "— trash."
"I will be heading back first. I expect you to follow us through the gate promptly after," Draneeve continued, the pompous expression he once had nowhere to be seen.
"Why are you bringing that along with us?" Lucas started to say, but his voice ended in a gasp as his eyes bulged out. The arrogance on Lucas' face left him in a second as he crumpled to his knees, sweat dripping down his face.
"You are but a mere tool. You will do as I say, no questions asked, and if you continue to display this sort of ignorance again, there will be consequences." Draneeve's voice was commanding and sharp, different from how it was when he first revealed himself.
Lucas' face struggled to remain firm as he clawed at his heart until Draneeve kicked him, toppling him over on his side.
"Say it!" he growled.
Even from here, I could see Lucas' jaw clenched angrily, but he convulsed and repeated through gritted teeth, "I… am… but… a… mere… tool."
"It is ready, my Lord," one of the robed mages near the anvil announced.
"Hmph." Draneeve proceeded, leaving Lucas heaving, trying to compose himself before getting up.
We all watched as this happened. Even the professors, brave enough to march towards a mage so powerful that he played with a Disciplinary Committee member like he was a ragdoll, were stunned as he crumpled a mage to his knees with just a thought.
Professor Glory was the one to catch on that something was amiss. She pointed towards Draneeve, who was heading towards the anvil that was now glowing, crying out, "We can't let him leave!"
The four professors rushed through the hole in the barrier when a pillar of fire, as thick as one of the support beams in the academy hall's main entrance, shot up in front of them.

Lucas was still recovering, his face still lined with pain as he looked at the four professors. The desperate expression on his face was now gone, though, as he walked confidently towards the professors, conjuring another pillar of flame using his other hand.
By this time, it was already too late. Draneeve and a group of his robed lackeys were now gone, taking Elijah with them, leaving behind a glowing anvil-shaped object.
"Lucas! How dare a student of this academy be involved in such acts of terrorism?" Professor Glory roared as she imbued mana into both of her swords. The rest of the professors also held up their weapons, the arcane professor already muttering a spell.
A manic grin spread on his face as he started cackling, sounding more like a rabid animal than a man. "How dare I? You think you guys are anywhere near the level I am now at? How dare you speak to me as if you are my equal! You are merely bugs that need to be squashed!" As he spoke, the mana around him began swirling even faster, veins appearing on Lucas' thin, gray arms.
Thus the fight began. The glimmer of hope, that I had now that Draneeve disappeared, faded as I watched my professors get tossed around. The spells Lucas used weren't special, but the amount of mana he exhibited and the control he had over them was truly terrifying. Simple and obvious implications of multicasting only allowed for each spell that was used in congruence with another to be harder to control and weaker in power.
Even casting two spells at once consisted of essentially splitting your consciousness to mold and manipulate the mana differently. Since Professor Glory focused more of her skills in her swordsmanship with mana augmentation, she could barely initiate three spells while some of the more well-versed professors could cast four spells at once.
Yet, Lucas was easily casting six spells. He was surrounded by a flaming sphere that shielded him from any of the professors' magic as four offensive spells had already knocked out the spell formations professor. A two meter flaming knight was fighting on par with Professor Glory, keeping her, who stood as the vanguard, from protecting her teammates. It was cruel to watch as Lucas easily overwhelmed the combined efforts of four professors.
"What are we standing here for, we need to help them!" Curtis voice stirred me from my daze. His clear eyes, shaking with rage and impatience, peered deep into me.
He was right; it was my duty.
I was the leader of the Disciplinary Committee.
I shifted my gaze towards the bell tower. I saw Feyrith and Tessia along with the other students that were captured. I saw Theodore; he could still be alive. We could still save him if we acted now.
Lucas was occupied with the professors and only a few of the robed lackeys stayed behind. It was my duty. Yet, why couldn't I still move? Was my body so deeply entangled in the vine of fear?
"Gah!" A pained cry made all of us turn our heads.
It was Professor Glory.
She was lying on the ground, grasping her side, as a puddle of blood slowly spread from underneath her.
I was reminded of how she looked at me before crossing the barrier. Her eyes told me she knew she could die, but it wasn't a look of resignation, but one of determination. She was definitely afraid, but she was doing what she could in hopes to give the other students here a chance to live.
"You're right." I tore through the shackles that had bound me to my spot and took a step forward. Unsheathing my sword, I locked eyes with Curtis as he got on Grawder, and he gave me a firm nod, his eyes reflecting the same determination that Professor Glory had given me.
I looked for Clive and a few other students I knew who were capable enough to be of use before going through the barrier.
The robed lackeys that were keeping us from escaping had already gone through to aid Lucas, so I was able to spot Clive helping some of the professors lead the students away from the area.
Curtis and I, along with a friend from Professor Glory's class, stood as vanguard, with Kathyln and Clive riding on Grawder.
"D-don't!" I barely managed to hear Professor Glory croak, her eyes wide in fear, when we were attacked by the robed lackeys. They were somehow completely covered under their robes, with even their faces hidden by unnatural shadows. I had just blocked an earthen spike with my blade when another robed figure jumped up from behind me, knocking me down.
Rolling away, I lashed out my sword at the robed man, slicing him where his throat should be. I felt it too… the sensation of my blade on skin. Ye, the robed man neither stopped nor flinched, his gray hands reaching out for me, mana surrounding them.
Just then, Curtis' bond tackled the robed man from the side, knocking him away. "Are you okay, Claire?" Kathyln extended a hand to help me up after casting a spell to immobilize the enemy, when I heard a shrill howl from where the professors were fighting Lucas.
It was the arcane professor as he was being held up by his neck by the flame guardian Lucas conjured. His neck was steaming as the smell of burnt skin filled the air even all the way here.
As the arcane professor struggled to free himself, his screams were eventually reduced to throaty gasps as he desperately kicked and thrashed wildly at the fiery knight summoned by Lucas.
I would never forget the look on his face as his body fell limp. I tore my eyes away as the professor's body caught on fire, burning through his clothes and skin as he was cooked alive for everyone to see.
I had to push my desire to run away. Was my choice wrong? I knew that professor. I still remembered the time he showed me a picture he had taken with his three-year-old daughter. I had told him it was a waste of money since getting a portrait would've been much cheaper, but he just grinned stupidly, cradling the picture like it was really his child.
What would happen to his family now?

I felt the dire urge to vomit but I was barely able to hold firm. Still, I was dazed enough to almost get hit squarely in the chest by a flame ball shot from another robed man. Barely managing to parry the spell and kicking him away while landing, I used this chance to survey the situation.
It was chaos as the professors that weren't fighting against Lucas were trying their best in leading the remaining students away from this area. Around me, I saw Curtis with Kathyln riding on top of Grawder.
Over by the bell tower, I spotted Clive, who had just picked up Tessia from the ground, being knocked away by one of the injured mana beasts. The other few students that I'd brought along with me from Professor Glory's class were doing their best against the remaining five robed mages.
To my right were the remaining three professors, and about a dozen meters away was Lucas, fighting them. Among them, Professor Glory was badly injured, her bloody right hand pressed against where her right kidney should be with her free hand barely able to hold onto her sword.
Gritting my teeth, I ran towards Clive. I knew what Professor Glory would have wanted me to do. I had to save the students while they were keeping Lucas busy.
Gathering mana into my blade, I picked up speed, muttering a chant.
[Burning Lance]
Spearing the discolored grizzly wolf that had Clive pinned down, I helped him back up when a strong force lurched me off of the ground.
Clive's sharp eyes widened and his lips mouthed my name, but strangely, I couldn't hear a sound.
It wasn't just him; I couldn't hear any sounds.
And that's when I saw a stone spike protrude out of my stomach.
Dropping my sword, I looked down and touched it. There was blood.
My blood.
Suddenly, sounds came back in a barrage, shouts and screams filling my ears.
My eyes glanced back and forth between my bloody hands and the spike coming out of my stomach. I wanted to turn my body around to see what had happened, but I realized my feet were dangling in the air.
Looking down, I could see the giant spike that had skewered me up off of the ground.
I saw Curtis push aside the stunned Clive as he made his way towards me.
"Claire!" I saw Curtis shout, but this time, it just sounded muffled, almost as if I was listening to him from a different room.
Scenes moved slower as I saw Kathyln jump off Grawder and dash towards me, both of her hands covering her mouth in shock.
Kathlyn's voice was the same inaudible, muffled noise that only differed in pitch from Curtis' voice.
I tried to say something, but all that I could manage was a wet gurgle.
I thought of my father. His firm gaze. His eyes that drooped slightly from age. He had been the one who told me the importance the Bladeheart name represented. Would he be proud if he saw me now?
Just as I felt everything fading, I heard it—a blood-curdling roar piercing through the heavens.
It was a deep, rumbling thunder that shook the ground and the spike that was lodged through me with it. Even at the brink of death, I still somehow felt fear. It wasn't the sort of fear that kept me from moving like earlier, but one that made my body want to instinctively bow in reverence.
In this state of near death, I thought for a moment that I had somehow hallucinated this sound, but then, out of the corner of my eye, I saw it.
The unmistakable figure of a winged beast that every adventurer—every person—had once hoped to catch a glimpse of.
It was a dragon.
It was nothing remotely close to anything from the drawings my mother had showed me in books to scare me as a child. No, this dragon made those look cute in comparison.
With two horns protruding from each side of its sharp head and iridescent eyes that could freeze even a veteran adventurer, it was a manifestation of both sovereignty and ferocity. While most of the books I had read as a child described a dragon's scales as precious shiny jewels, this dragon's scales were such a rich, opaque black that it seemed to make its shadow look gray in comparison.
But as impressive and awe-inspiring as the dragon, that looked to be the size of a small house, was what made my heart truly tremble in fear: the boy below it.
It was the boy with the unmistakable auburn hair and familiar uniform. Each step he took, he walked with the most subtle, faint, yet solid confidence I had ever seen.
And seeping from his very pores was a rage so blatantly uncontained that I could only fear for whoever it was directed toward. The very air seemed to avoid his presence as the earth beneath him crumbled under his might.
All of a sudden, I couldn't help but let out a choked laugh at how foolish I was for comparing him to Lucas. As my senses dimmed, my only thought was relief that I wouldn't have to witness what he would do to those that crossed his path.
My only regret was not being able to see Lucas' expression of defeat in the end.





LUCAS WYKES' POV:
Staring down at the professors struggling to stand back up—the very mages that I strove to become—it was clear to me that their lives were in my hands. With my newfound powers, these so-called "elites" were now nothing more than ants to me.
Enhanced cognitive processing capabilities for higher levels of spell casting.
A nearly unlimited pool of mana for me to access and utilize.
Heightened reflexes along with strengthened physical prowess and dexterity.
The elixir that Draneeve had given me really fulfilled its purpose. Just like he had promised, it truly brought forth my full potential.
It was obvious since early on that I was a gifted mage. However, being outshined by my older brother, Bairon, my accomplishments were never able to satisfy my family's expectations. I had lived my childhood chasing after his insurmountable shadow, but no longer; I felt like I had finally surpassed him.
Easily wiping out the distinguished professors of this academy, it felt like I had actually transcended the realm of mortals, incomparable to even the highest of human, elven, and dwarven mages.
… so why was I feeling this way?
This feeling of an icy claw gripping my innards, slowly twisting, slow freezing my insides.
The palpable pressure in the air seemed to make the force of gravity in the vicinity stronger as he approached.
Beads of cold sweat began forming, drenching my clothes, as I unknowingly took a step back.
Was I afraid?
That was impossible.
With my newfound powers, I was invincible. I was all-powerful. I was perfect.

"Welcome to the party, Arthur. You're just in time," I jeered, satisfied with the calm timbre of my voice.
He said nothing as he continued his way toward me at a suspensefully slow pace.
My gaze shifted from Arthur to the obsidian dragon behind him. I had read in a book that the dragon race had already gone extinct from being hunted down. I would normally be more taken aback, but at this point, compared to the terrifying intensity emanating from Arthur, his dragon looked no more threatening than a common lizard.
His steps never faltered, never swayed, as he approached the bell tower. I couldn't make out what sort of expression he had; his eyes were covered by his bangs.
The atmosphere was deathly silent, as even the senseless mana beasts that Draneeve controlled instinctively knew to prostrate in submission.
"Impressive pet. Did you think it could help you now? Look around you! All of this—it was done by me! The professors that were so highly regarded? I stepped on them like disease-ridden pests," I chuckled, taking a few steps toward the boy I once regarded as my equal.
The dragon behind him let out a deafening roar that made the surrounding audience wince in fear, but I didn't.
No. As much as I hated to admit, it wasn't the dragon that gave me this feeling of unease; it was Arthur.
Unaffected by my taunts, he wordlessly made his way towards me.
Some of the students had already defeated Draneeve's minions, only a few mana beasts remained on my side. However, they were petrified in fear; whether that was due to Arthur or the dragon, I would never know.
As he got closer, it dawned on me...
He wasn't even looking at me. His gaze had never been directed at me!
My feet stayed glued to the ground, stunned, as he simply strode past, ignoring me and everyone else here.
How dare he!
I could easily crush him right now; he should be pleading, begging for me to spare him and his friends.
But instead, he had the audacity to treat me like air?

My clenched fists turned white.
Passing by everyone else he knew, disregarding his dying or dead peers and friends, Arthur kneeled down in front of the elf princess. His dragon craned its neck down towards her as well, and for that long breath of a moment, there was only silence.
Knowing exactly what to do, my lips curled up into a smirk. Let's see him ignore this.
"She was crying for you, you know," I taunted.
No reaction.
"Oh sure, she stayed strong at first. It made it all the more satisfying seeing her break down," I chuckled.
His shoulders twitched a bit.
His dragon looked back at me, its eyes piercing me with a ferocity that might've frightened me before.
"You see, I wanted to play with your little elf princess more, but Draneeve told me not to lay a hand on her. I was going to disagree at first but an idea struck me—what better way to break you than have you lay helplessly on the ground as you watch me cripple the girl you care for so much?" My laugh echoed throughout the academy as everyone else watched, unable to even muster up the courage to utter a word.
The dragon let out a grunt and looked like it was about to charge at me when it abruptly froze.
My face twitched in rage as Arthur continued to wordlessly cling onto his little elf lover. He still chose to ignore me?
"Arthur Leywin! You dare ignore me?" I roared. "You think you're so much better than me? Let's see you go easy on me now! I'll break every bone in your body so you can only cry helplessly as I desecrate Tessia right—"
My words got caught in my throat as the ground abruptly splintered and crumpled underneath Arthur like a sheet of paper, making me stumble.
I regained my balance and looked back up at Arthur, whose back was still facing me as he gently laid the elf princess back on the ground. All of a sudden, I was hit with the same sensation as earlier— the frigid, emotionless grip of a demon, twisting at my insides, wringing the air out of my lungs.
As if the wind had been knocked out of me, air escaped my throat as choppy and shallow gasps.

Unable to compose myself, I looked down at my hands to see that they were trembling.
I realised it wasn't just my hands but my whole body shuddered uncontrollably from the very core.
What was happening to my body? Why was I reacting this way towards some boy my age? It should be impossible for him to be stronger than me, yet... what was this sense of—
He turned around.
I would never have thought that something as simple as eye contact could be so terrifying until his pale blue eyes, sharp as a knife, met mine, and the remaining air in my lungs was sucked out.
And suddenly, I realized what I had been feeling the entire time, the word to describe the emotions I couldn't grasp...
No! I refuse to admit this!
I ignored the inaudible scream of protest deep in my mind that was begging me to flee, to escape in the opposite direction from him.
"Oh, am I finally worthy of your attention?" I spat out mockingly, struggling to keep my voice from shaking.
"Lucas." Arthur was a peasant who had such a banal background that his existence would normally amount to less than a retired mule, while I was born into the Wykes family, which birthed the most talented mages this continent had seen. Yet his voice rang with such glaring authority that it made me almost kneel on impulse.
"I thought of you as nothing more than a mere wasp I deemed unnecessary to kill," Arthur continued with a chill edge to his voice as he once again began walking towards me.
"But even the holiest of saints would swat it down, without hesitation, if said wasp so much as dared to sting him." His cold, emotionless eyes, empty and frozen, never broke contact with mine as a tangible bloodlust gripped at my limbs like shackles.
He was comparing me to a bug. No, he truly saw me as a bug. Yet any words of rebuttal or protest refused to leave my mouth.
Why…
It wasn't supposed to be like this. My powers should now be greater than his. So why was this happening? How could a boy a year younger frighten me more than Draneeve? How many legions of men and beasts did he have to murder in order to possess such suffocating, oppressive killing intent?
Even the very earth seemed heedful of Arthur as the ground sunk down with each step he took.
My heart pounded harder and harder against my ribcage as if it wanted to break out and escape. My vision blurred as cold beads of sweat rolled down from my forehead into my eyes.
Tearing my gaze away from Arthur, I focused on Tessia. The dragon had curled up protectively around the elf princess, leaving me no opening to make use of her.
Silently, as Arthur advanced closer, I saw it. In his eyes was a raging tempest, so hungry to create mayhem, just barely contained.
But I was Lucas Wykes, second-born of Otis Vayhur Wykes! Elite mages of Xyrus Academy had been brought to their knees by my overwhelming strength. Arthur was nothing but a lowly peasant—his only luck was being born with a decent talent for magic!
My mind snapped into a state of desperation and frenzy as I fought down the burning desire to run. Him, scare me? Never. I would rather die than plead for my life.





ARTHUR LEYWIN'S POV:
Tessia was okay...
Bruises and scrapes were visible on her smooth, pale skin. Thankfully they were only surface wounds.
She was okay.
It seemed like she had been drugged with an anesthetic to keep her unconscious temporarily...
Yes, this was better. That way, she wouldn't have to be awake for all of this…
She wouldn't have to witness what I was about to do.
Sylvie, protect Tess. I'll be enough to handle him, I reassured my bond.
This was my fault. I was a fool for letting Lucas live this long. This world had made me soft.
My head continued to pound as I walked towards Lucas.
Nothing else mattered. Not now. Not until I took care of the pest.
"S-Stay back!" Lucas stammered, a crazed look visible in his eyes.
He prepared a spell as he retreated. I wonder if he'd realized that his spells were in fact eating away at his lifeforce. It didn't matter; I'd kill him before he did himself.
[Hell's Rain]
He released his spell, dozens of flaming orbs scattering and floating around, growing increasingly larger.
He continued to grin madly as his body visibly withered at the burden of the spell. The red flaming spheres turned blue as he further refined his magic.
It seemed as though he was planning on taking not just me, but half the school down with him.

'Papa…' Sylvie's worried voice echoed in my mind.
It's fine.
I could let him kill himself with his own spell right now, but he didn't deserve that; that would be too merciful a death for him. I needed him alive, at least until I got some answers.
I wanted to destroy him instantly, but the attack—the whole disaster—couldn't have been done by Lucas alone. Someone had to have forcibly overexerted his mana core— to the point where even if I didn't kill him now, he would probably die on his own.
Whatever it was he had taken made it possible for him to convert his life force into mana, thus draining him of his vitality. The odd discoloration of his skin and the mana beasts present were too much of a coincidence to not assume that it had something to do with the Vritras.
"By the look on your face, it seems you don't know what's about to happen. Do you think you could come out of this alive?" Lucas hissed, drooling from the side of his mouth.
"Die!" he spat, releasing his spell.
The dozens of flaming blue orbs, each capable of burning down a building, shot towards me like cannonballs.
I let out a crisp breath and muttered, "Second Phase."
[Dragon's Awakening]
My vision shifted into monochrome, the only colors I could register being the particles of mana.
[Absolute Zero]
The very air seemed to freeze as a curtain of white flame erupted around me before I was bombarded with Lucas' spell.
I didn't have much time left in my second phase before the recoil hit. I needed answers before that happened.
As the cloud of steam and debris began to clear, I could make out Lucas' figure, the deranged look on his face wiped clean, replaced by one of utter shock.
"H-How is that p-possible? N-No, it wasn't supposed to be like this. How are you suddenly able to use ice-attribute magic?" he babbled, as if he had just seen a ghost.
Unrelentless, Lucas began chanting another spell, which surprisingly, by the amount of mana gathered in his right hand, was more powerful than the one prior.
"CREATION FORM!"

[Infernal Lance]
It was a type of spell I'd never seen before. As mana congregated, it manifested into a flaming blue partisan spear. What amazed me was that the mana particles hadn't simply formed the shape of a spear, but instead seemed to have transmuted into an actual burning spear.
"I hope you survive this one too. That way, you can watch as I make your precious princess kiss my feet!" he jeered, launching the flaming spear.
[Black Thunder]
I shot out a condensed bolt of electricity with my right hand, while catching the shaft of Lucas' spear with my left.
My arm lurched back from the force as an audible hiss resounded from the cloud of steam that rose due to the mesh of fire and ice.
"Gahhh!" Lucas' shrill howl pierced through my ears. "My arm! It hurts! My arm!" he screamed.
I continued walking towards Lucas who was still pawing at the empty space where his left arm used to be.
"White Fire," I muttered, and my left hand ignited in a pearl-colored flame.
I was less than a foot away from Lucas as he continued to back away from me. "'Desecrate'? 'Kiss your feet'?" I recited through gritted teeth.
"This… this isn't fair! L-Lightning magic? You're a q-quadra-elemental…" Lucas' voice trailed off as he stared in disbelief, his lips trembling as he noticed my lightning-clad arm.
"Yes, I am."
Lucas' bloodcurdling scream tore through the air as I gripped his remaining arm. The flame surrounding my left hand began to spread, slowly freezing his arm down to the very molecules.
Tightening my grip, his arm shattered like glass as Lucas stared at the crumbling shards of what used to be his left arm.
"N-No… How dare you! I'm Lucas Wykes!" he spat out as fell weakly on his behind, his legs pushing away from me.
Kicking him to his back, he gave me a venomous glare, any trace of sanity gone. Placing my foot on his right leg, I pinned him down.
He wasn't a human anymore. Not at this point.

[Downforce]
"GAHHHHH!"
Lucas spat out a mouthful of blood, his leg crumpled into a mess of crimson. Shattered bone fragments dotted the pool of red as it seeped through the cracks in the ground made by the increased gravitational force of my augmented foot.
Another bone splitting crunch echoed through the surrounding atmosphere before a shrill howl of pain promptly followed as I did the same to his other leg.
Just like how the Vritra had left Alea, limbless and slowly dying, inside the depths of a dungeon, it was only befitting to do the same to someone so vile.
Picking Lucas up by the scruff of his uniform, I slapped his face to get his attention. "Who was responsible for all of this?" I asked.
As his glossy eyes met mine, his expression deformed into a scowl before he spat blood at my face.
"You think you'll get any sort of answers from me? Puahaha! I'll tell you this, though! That incompetent fool you call your best friend—he's gone! They took him away to who knows where! I'll bet he's dead already! Hahah—" I dropped him on the ground, "— Ugh!"
I had been so worried about Tessia that it hadn't registered in my mind— the fact that Elijah had been caught up in all of this as well. I lifted my gaze as I scanned my surroundings for the first time since i had arrived. I could see the numerous students and professors peering at me with the unmistakable expression of fear. Yet, out of all of those faces, Elijah really was nowhere to be seen.
"Where did they take Elijah?!" I roared out, hoping someone—anyone—would answer.
"They went through there," a hoarse voice spoke out— it was Clive. He pointed to an odd anvil-shaped contraption that had an abnormal amount of mana particles fluctuating in and around it.
"Who was it that took him?"
"A mage that called himself Draneeve," Clive replied, picking himself up.
Was it a portal? Were my suspicions correct? Did the mastermind behind this really come from the continent of Alacrya?
"It doesn't matter. He's probably dead, anyways. And so will be the rest of you, when he comes back!" Lucas snickered as blood continued to leak from his two crippled legs.
Looking at Lucas, a talented mage raised with the notion that his worth only amounted to his strength, who was glaring at me with neither guilt nor remorse for his actions and betrayal, I couldn't help but pity him. Almost.
Lucas could've truly tortured and crippled Tessia if I had arrived too late. His earlier words still rang in my mind, haunting me with images of what could've happened if I hadn't made it in time.
I placed my foot between his mangled legs at the only extremity left on his body besides his head—the only place he could have any sort of attachment to.
"W-What are you doing?" His voice was tinged with a trace of fear.
I looked him dead in the eye and responded with what only seemed appropriate, "Taking measures to ensure your filth won't spread to the next generation."
His eyes widened at the impending realization as the stubs of his arms flailed. He opened his mouth to say something but...
"May your suffering last onto your next life," I recited indifferently.
[Downforce]





ARTHUR LEYWIN'S POV:
The firm, mana-imbued stamp of my foot against Lucas' pelvic region created a cacophony of snapping bones, squelching flesh, and splintering gravel, accompanied by a mind-numbingly shrill screech.
At this point, Lucas, an accomplice responsible for so much havoc and death—the one that drove me to this point—was now nothing more than a dying body. His mouth frothed, with only the whites of his eyes showing, as he continuously mumbled incoherently. I lifted my leg up from the blood-soaked pomace of the one that dared to harm those dear to me, and once again, I was glad that Tess was asleep for all of this.
The disaster that had befallen us was over. The perpetrator that had killed three professors and was responsible for the deaths of many more was now fatally wounded, slowly dying.
Yet no one rejoiced. There was still fear in everyone's eyes, except, when it was once directed toward Lucas, it was now directed toward me. In the midst of this silence was a palpable tension radiating from everyone present, student and staff.
It had been a long time since I received stares like these. I relished it then, priding myself in my domineering strength, but now, only a helpless sigh escaped my lips.
A searing pain spread throughout my body as I was forcibly reverted out of second phase. My hair shortened as my long, silvery-white hair changed back to its normal short, auburn shade. The runes that ran down my arms and back faded as my vision returned to normal, although strained.
The recoil hit me a lot less this time than when I went up against the elderwood guardian. Although I didn't pass out, I hadn't used my mana very efficiently. While trying to make a statement, I used gravity magic which strained me since, without the help of my beast will, I normally wouldn't be able to use it.
Still, I was barely able to keep my body from toppling over as I lifted my hand to deliver the final blow when a sudden piercing ring interrupted me, drawing my, and everyone else's, attention.
The red-tinted barrier that surrounded the school shattered from above. The broken fragments of the barrier fluttered down, reflecting the vibrancy of the Aurora Constellation that was almost in full bloom, in the night sky; the bloodstained academy instantly turned into a scene from a fairytale.
Descending amongst the shimmering rain of the broken barrier shards were three figures. Even before I could make out their identities, the terrifying pressure they radiated told me exactly who they were.
The Lances.
"...ther," a strained, gurgled gasp escaped from Lucas.
With my attention focused on the Lances, I didn't realize he had gained enough awareness to speak.
Looking down, I noticed Lucas' eyes fixed toward the Lances; he spoke again, this time more distinctly.
"B-Brother…"

Before I could even react to what he had said, a sudden surge of light struck me in the chest, barreling me straight into the bell tower with such force that I broke through the mana-enforced wall, buried underneath the rubble.
Vomiting up blood, and what felt like my intestines, I tried pulling myself out, but it felt as if my entire body was glued against the wall. Confused and disoriented, I tried to make out, with my blurred vision, the one who casted the spell.
It was one of the Lances. I wasn't able to make out much more than his indistinct figure through my unfocused eyes, but before he was able to fire another shot, I caught sight of Sylvie, unleashing a blast of fire at him.
'Sylvie, no. You can't fight them,' I called out to her, my voice sounding weak even in my head, but it was too late. He blocked the blast like it was a toy ball before one of the other Lances trapped Sylvie in a dome of ice.
Even though every bone in my body felt like it was getting sawed in half and my head felt as if it had been punctured repeatedly, I was able to make a bit more sense of what was happening.
From her modestly curved figure and long white hair, the Lance that had trapped Sylvie in the cage of ice was female, and from the looks of it, Sylvie wasn't able to break or melt it. Despite the position I was in, I couldn't help but feel relieved that she had only been caged. It sure as hell beat the other options that the Lance could've chosen.
Meanwhile, the Lance that had attacked me had kneeled down beside Lucas. He seemed to be fairly young—maybe in his late twenties—and looking closely at his face, from the high-bridged, straight nose up to his narrow eyes, there was a very distinct resemblance to Lucas.
The last, much older Lance didn't waste any time to gather and organize the remaining students and professors. He was already interviewing some of the students, nodding in response to their accounts and turning his head to look at me.
Whether it was because of how disoriented I was, or of how worried I was for Sylvie, It took me until now to piece it all together: Lucas had called out 'brother' to the Lance that attacked me…
Before I could even curse my own bad luck, the Lance I could only assume to be Lucas' brother stormed towards me as his body released a torrent of yellow lightning.
"Death is not enough for the you. To do something so atrocious to a Wykes, to my brother..." He didn't speak loudly. In fact, it almost sounded calm, yet his voice carried an alarming clarity that felt as if he had spoken directly into my ear. A storm of electricity trailed around him, dancing like restless cobras craving to be released as he made his way towards me.
I tried to move my body, but after a few desperate struggles, I realized I had been essentially crucified to the wall by what seemed like electromagnetism.
Despite the situation, I couldn't help but praise the amount of control he had over lightning. For him, there was no need to concentrate on manipulating mana into lightning like I had to. Lightning simply bent and danced to his will like it was another limb on his body. Turning my gaze towards Sylvie, who was still desperately trying to escape from the ice cage, and back to the lightning-clad Lance, I finally realized just what white core mages were capable of.
"Bairon, you are not to lay a hand on him," the older Lance ordered as he finished talking with one of the professors.
"Hah?" Bairon turned his head over his shoulder to look back. "That boy tormented and humiliated my brother before killing him, Olfred, and you're saying that I am not to harm him? Do you wish to go against me as well?" The coils of lightning surrounding Bairon thickened, obliterating anything they touched.
"The boy was the one who saved everyone here from your brother. And since when did you grow enough hair on your balls to think that you could challenge me?" the man named Olfred spat back.

I used this chance to try and shift back into second phase, hoping I could gather enough strength to at least escape, but it was useless. My body wasn't even able to gather mana at this point.
Turning my attention back to the two Lances, I could tell that Bairon was visibly confused. Still, whether it was because of his pride or his doubt, he chose to persist. "Do not test me, Olfred. I am in no mood to participate in your folly. My brother died in my arms; it is only just that I do what his killer did to him." He whipped his head, glaring back at me with pure venom in his eyes.
Bairon began making his way towards me again when suddenly, two coal-black knights erected from the ground beside him, pinning him down.
"Olfred!" Bairon roared as he struggled in the grasps of the two knights that seemed unaffected by the lightning surrounding him.
Bairon suddenly unleashed a shockwave, knocking away the two stone knights before he charged towards Olfred, lightning manifested around his flattened hand, turning it into a crackling lance. Olfred had already turned his entire right arm into a gauntlet of hardened lava, but just as the two were about to exchange blows, the female Lance appeared between them.
"Enough." Instantly, both Bairon and Olfred were trapped up to their necks in a coffin of ice. There was no gradual decrease in temperature of the air or water in the atmosphere to trigger the freezing process. The space around the two Lances simply froze, and despite the gauntlet of lava surrounding Olfred's right arm, the ice didn't even hiss or steam.
"Bairon, you are not the one to make this decision. It is up to the Council to determine what to do with the boy… and the dragon," she said, not a tinge of emotion in her voice, to a degree at which Kathyln suddenly seemed like the protagonist in a soap opera in comparison. Even as she stared at my giant obsidian dragon, there was no emotion; she regarded her as something akin to a lamp post.
Assuming that the two had cooled down, the female Lance dissipated the coffin of ice, when Bairon suddenly whipped around and shot a bullet of lightning directly at me but was immediately blocked by an ice wall conjured with a swift motion of her hand. Fluidly, the female lance swung her arm towards Bairon's neck as a thin sword of ice manifested in her hand, drawing a crisp arc as she slashed, just deep enough to draw blood. She kept her blade pressed against Bairon's throat.
"Insubordination will not be tolerated," she said tersely as ice slowly spread from the tip of her blade onto his neck.
By this time, I had already given up on escaping. If I had thought that me shifting into second phase gave me a chance at running away, I rescinded that statement as I watched the female Lance manhandle the other two with frightening speed.
Bairon eventually relented, not missing the chance to give me one more deathly glare.
I won't lie—I might've winked back at him.
After less than an hour, the Lances had gathered enough information from the witnesses to piece together what exactly had happened. This granted me the privilege of being graciously unmagnetized by Bairon and, instead, having my legs and arms shackled together in cuffs of ice. I found the chance, during that time, to tell her that the dragon was my bond, and, for the first time since seeing her, she had a change in expression: a slight raise of her left brow. She freed Sylvie from the cage as soon as she transformed back into her miniature fox form, chaining her to my shackles as well.
After leaving me, guarded by one of Olfred's summoned knights, Bairon and the female Lance worked to completely destroy the barrier as the older Lance gathered all of the students and professors with the help of his other ten summoned knights.
I couldn't help but admire the barrier that covered the school. It was very well-devised, seeing as it allowed access, but restricted everyone from going back out; moreover, the Lances had to break the barrier first, which meant that it most likely restricted who was allowed to enter.
Tess, as well as all of the other captives, were still unconscious during the whole ordeal. Eventually, after the two of them completely destroyed the barrier, a team of mages sent by the Adventurer's Guild and Mage's Guild hurriedly made their way to the scene, promptly healing all of those who needed immediate attention and taking away everyone who had been injured to a medical facility.

It was chaos; sobbing families of the students involved, people that looked like reporters furiously scribbling into their notebooks, and noisy bystanders all gathered around the front gate of the academy, hoping to get a better glimpse of what had happened.
Fortunately, the two guilds had taken precautionary measures to make sure no one came too close to the academy at some point. There were gates erected all around the campus to keep anyone from trespassing, with uniformed guards stationed every few meters or so.
Forced to stay behind until further instructions were given, I made sure to keep close to the female Lance so that Bairon had no way of launching another quick attack at me.
"ARTHUR!"
I whipped my head to find the source of the familiar voice. After a few moments of looking around, I found my family waving at me from behind the gates. Even from this distance, the look of concern was visibly etched onto the faces of my parents as my father even tried to jump over the gate, only to get held down by one of the guards.
I could tell my sister had been crying as she was clutching onto my mother's sleeve. Next to her was Vincent and Tabitha who, I assumed, were searching for their daughter.
"Am I allowed to talk to my family?" I asked the female Lance, my voice coming out a lot more feeble than I expected.
Bairon immediately replied, "After what you did to my brother, you think you have the right to make requests like—"
"Boy, I'll take you to your family," Olfred interrupted. I didn't have the strength or the freedom in my limbs to properly walk, so Olfred's summon had to carry me there. Being held over the shoulder like a sack of rice wasn't exactly the way I wanted to appear in front of the crowds of people present, but I was in no position to say otherwise.
The summoned knight let me down surprisingly gently in front of my family. Olfred stood behind me, turning his back; whether he did that out of courtesy or out of caution that Bairon might shoot at us both from the back, I frankly didn't need to know.
There was a tense moment of silence as they stared at me, unable find the right words. Taking a look at my body, I cursed under my breath. I had dried blood crusted around my mouth and clothes from when I had vomited blood, and both of my feet were dyed in a crimson red. My clothes were in tatters and I was as pale as I felt. All in all, I looked like a homeless vampire that had just feasted on someone and then proceeded to dance in their pool of blood.
"Hi, Mom. Hi, Dad. Hi, Ellie." I tried to smile, but that seemed to make them even more worried.
"Arthur, my baby, a-are you okay?" My mother stretched her arm through the fence and I gripped her hand.
"Son, what happened in there?" my father asked, worry creasing into his furrowed brows.
"I'm fine, Mom. I've seen better days, but I'll be okay with a bit of rest. And even I don't know everything myself, Dad." I shook my head, tightening my grip on my mother's hand to reassure her.
I turned my gaze to Ellie, who was still looking at me with an expression that still seemed to be deciding whether to be angry, sad, or relieved.
"Why are you cuffed?" my father spoke again, his eyes on the transparent shackles that bound my feet and hands to each other.
I didn't know how to respond. I didn't want to simply tell them I had killed someone and was probably going to be under investigation. My father might understand, but I didn't want to have to say it in front of Mother and Ellie.
As I was looking for the words to properly explain, I noticed the female Lance approaching with an open scroll in her hands.
I stood back up awkwardly due to the shackles binding my feet to face the female Lance.
Without making eye contact, she began reading aloud from the scroll. "Arthur Leywin, son of Reynolds and Alice Leywin. The Council has decreed that, due to your recent actions of excessive violence and the inconclusive circumstances involved, your mana core will be restrained, your title as a mage will be stripped, and you will be incarcerated until further judgment..."
The crinkled sound as she rolled up the communication scroll echoed through my mind, clearly audible despite the massive crowd gathered around me. She finally looked up to meet my gaze. "...effective immediately."





Chapter 98
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
“Arthur Leywin, son of Reynolds and Alice Leywin. The Council has decreed that, due to your recent actions of excessive violence and the inconclusive circ.u.mstances involved, your mana core will be restrained, your t.i.tle as a mage will be stripped, and you will be incarcerated until further judgment.”
“... Effective immediately.”
Followed by those words from the female lance’s mouth were three distinct reactions from the people around me. The first reaction was made by the curiously ignorant. They eyed me with looks of perplexion, studying my appearance as they tried to fit me with the edict that had been read aloud by the female lance:
Inconclusive circ.u.mstances.
Excessive violence.
I could feel their cautious skepticism as they silently tried to figure out how a boy, who was barely a teen, could cause the Council itself to issue the verdict instead of the city governor.
The second reaction was made by the ever-foolish faces of the all-accepting crowd. Those that blindly worshipped the Council as well as all forms of higher authority. They took the words written on the communication artifact as G.o.d’s truth and looked at me with eyes of condemnation. Their whispers could even be heard from where I was standing as their eyes narrowed into a disdainful glare,believing that I was somehow responsible for everything that had happened inside the academy.
The third reaction was one that I had thought I would only receive from my family. No. To my surprise, the students and faculty that were involved in the incident—those that had the strength to still speak—all cried out in protest. Because my family was the closest, I could hear them the most clearly.
“Incarcer... Your Honour, there must be some sort of mistake,” my mother voiced out from behind the fence.
“Yes, I’m sure that there is an explanation for all of this. My son would never... there must be an explanation for all of this,” my father amended, knowing perfectly well what I was capable of.
There were other outcries of protest: some from students I recognized as well as from those who were simply stating the truth; all of which were ignored by the female lance.
“This makes no sense! How dare you punish the one who actually did some good. If it wasn’t for Arthur, you lances wouldn’t have had anyone left to save!” I turned my head towards the source of the voice. To my surprise, it was Kathlyn Glayder. She was marching in my direction with unbridled fury in her eyes; an expression I had neither seen nor expected from her.
“I will see to it that my mother and father will rescind this decree at once—”

“Your father and mother were the ones, along with King and Queen Greysunders, that had voted in favor of this judgment,” the female lance promptly interrupted. While her words were respectful, her expression and tone could only be depicted as indifferent and rude.
Before Kathlyn could get any closer, her brother held her back. I couldn’t hear what he had told her but the princess finally relented, her face still red and body shaking.
I knew that no matter how much I try to reason with the female lance, she wouldn’t listen. Letting me go wasn’t her decision to make.
“Can I speak to my family one last time before you take me?” I asked, my voice coming out more sullen than I had wished.
After receiving a terse nod from the female lance, I walk back to where my parents were leaning against the fence. For a few seconds, we just stared at each other, not knowing how to begin.
“Don’t look so sad, guys. Things will be better after this misunderstanding gets cleared up.” I let out a wide grin, hoping to mask my uncertainty. I had allies within the Council, but there were too many unknown factors at work here. I wasn’t so worried for myself as I was for Sylvie. To have a dragon alive in our continent wasn’t a matter that could be waved off.
My facade must’ve faltered when I was focusing on my thoughts; my parents’ expressions changed as both of them gazed at me, wide-eyed and afraid.
“Y-you... you honestly have no idea if you’ll be able to come back to us, do you?” I couldn’t meet my mother’s eyes as she stuttered, her voice dripping with worry; I, instead, focused on her hand, her fingers were deathly pale and her nails red from how hard she was clenching onto the iron fence.
“Brother... you’re not going to anywhere, right? This is all a joke, right? Right?” Ellie’s face was a pale shade of crimson and I could tell she was doing her best to keep from breaking into sobs.
I kneeled down so I could be at eye-level with my sister. As I studied her childish face, I could hardly believe that she was already ten. One of my biggest regrets was not being able to be by her side as she grew up. I had met my sister for the first time when she was four, and even after that, I was only with her for weeks at a time. While looking at her, I could only hope that the next time I see her wouldn’t be when she was a teen... or an adult.
I got back up, prying my gaze from Ellie whose face had been so tensed up that her lips were almost white. “I’ll definitely return home.” I turned back around just in time for my eyes to water without their notice.
The lance named Olfred conjured a stone knight beneath me, lifting me up as the female lance separated me from Sylvie, carrying her in an orb of conjured ice. Approaching us was Lance Bairon carrying the wrapped corpse of his deceased younger brother as his gaze continued to pierce through me with pure venom.
Like that, we departed. Bairon informed the others that he would be making a detour to his family’s house to deliver Lucas’ body for a proper funeral.
I wasn’t sure if becoming a white core mage came with the ability to fly, but all three of the lances were capable of flying without the need to invoke any spells, including the conjured knight that was carrying me.
My eyes stayed fixed on Xyrus Academy as it grew increasingly smaller the farther we flew. The place itself didn’t mean much to me, but my time at the school inside the floating City of Xyrus had been one as an ordinary student mage. I was considered gifted then, but I was still just a student. As the distance between me and the academy increased, I had the notion that I was leaving my life as an ordinary student behind.
We travelled wordlessly through the sky as all attempts to start a conversation had been shot down. As gentle as they were in how they treated me, to them, I was still a prisoner waiting to be judged.

‘Papa, what’s going to happen to us?’ Sylvie voiced in my head.
‘I’m... not sure, Sylv. Don’t worry, though. We’ll be okay,’ I rea.s.sured. Even without her replying back, I could sense the emotions she was feeling: uncertainty, fear, confusion.
It was impossible to tell exactly how far we had travelled South, as all I could see below us was the Grand Mountains that divided the Continent of Dicathen in half.
“We should stop here for the night.” The female lance descended into the mountains as Lance Olfred and the stone knight carrying me followed shortly after.
We landed in a small clearing on the edge of the Grand Mountains facing the Beast Glades. I was still chained together so I sat leaning against a tree, watching Olfred erect a campsite out of the earth.
“Hold still, Arthur Leywin.” Without waiting for me to respond, the female lance clamped an artifact over my sternum. Instantly, I felt mana drain out of my core as the device sunk deeper into my skin.

“Ugh. My magic won’t help me escape from you guys, so why the sudden precaution?” I asked through gritted teeth. The sensation of your mana being forcibly contained wasn’t a pleasant feeling.
“There are other ways you can make trouble,” she replied tersely before taking the sleeping Sylvie and retreated into one of the stone huts that Olfred had conjured.
“How could I even...” I muttered under my breath, annoyed.
“It’s because we’re so close to the Beast Glades.” I turned my head towards Olfred, who took a seat on the ground next to me as he let out a sigh.
“You guys are the Lances, though. Are you saying that there are mana beasts that even you guys aren’t capable of beating?” I asked, a little taken aback by his approach.
“I haven’t met one so far, but the Beast Glades hold many mysteries that even the Lances have to be wary of, especially at night, when the more powerful beasts roam. Despite our powers, boy, we’re still humans, so we can still die. With all of the strange events coming happening these days, one can never be too careful.” There was a brief silence that was only accompanied by the low howling winds.
“What am I doing, telling all of this to a little kid,” he sighed.
I just shook my head. “Probably because you’ve been stuck with miserable company for the past few days.”
I was surprised when the old lance erupted into a fit of laughter. “You’re right about that, boy. Let me tell you, spending time with Varay and Barion together is more stress-inducing than any SS-cla.s.s mana beast I’ve ever fought.”

Varay. So that was the female lance’s name.
“Let me ask you this, boy. I’m curious as to how you became such a capable mage at your young age.”
“How do you know I’m capable? You’ve never seen me fight,” I challenged.
“I’ve heard Bairon tell me about his younger brother, the one you killed. I’d also gathered stories from the students while helping some of them just now too,” he answered, a curious look depicted on his aged face as he studied me.
We spent a bit more time talking to each other, but, while Olfred seemed amiable, he was also very guarded. I wasn’t able to pry out any sort of information from him except those that I could find out on my own. He conversed professionally without revealing anything crucial, as did I. In spite of our little dance of social intricacy in the form of polite conversation, there was a subtle tension between us as he weaved my questions into jokes. We tiptoed around each other with our light words as we tried to, at least, procure hints to satisfy our curiosity. After an hour of fruitless effort on both sides, Olfred suggested I get some sleep.
As expected of the Lances; while Olfred wasn’t as outright distant as the others, he was, in a way, more mysterious.
Olfred hadn’t been so kind as to make me a stone hut as he did for himself and Varay. Without a shelter and the protection of mana, the sharp winds sent chills throughout my body, making myself as small as possible as I lay curled against the tree.
I must’ve fallen asleep at some point because I was rudely awakened as a stone knight picked me up like a sack of rice.
“Hi, best friend,” I patted the conjured golem indifferently as I was whisked away back into the air.
‘Sylv, how are you holding up?’ I asked my bond.
‘I’m okay, Papa. It feels a little stuffy in here though, but it’s comfortable,’ Sylv replied.
Her emotions were linked with mine so I was careful in making sure not to leak any of the worry that I was feeling to her by accident. I wasn’t so much worried about what the Council would do to me; it was my Asura bond that I was worried about.
As we flew over the Beast Glades, I realized just how big our continent was. The diverse terrain of the mana beasts never ended. We pa.s.sed through deserts, gra.s.slands, snow-capped mountains and rocky canyons. It wasn’t once or twice that I spotted a mana beast large enough to be seen clearly from where we were flying.
Olfred and Varay constantly released a surge of killing intent, warding off all of the mana beasts within our vicinity. Still, there were more than a few times where we took a detour while the two lances withdrew their auras.
I couldn’t help but think that Varay had put the mana restriction artifact on me so that I don’t purposely attract the attention of dangerous and territorial mana beasts. I had to commend her, as that was something I would probably do to get away. I was curious, though, whether I had the ability to survive this deep in the Beast Glades or not.
My internal debate didn’t last long as Varay suddenly stopped. She took out the communication scroll that she had used to read the Council’s sentencing before carefully looking around.
“We are here,” she said.
I looked around in the sky but it was blatantly obvious that the only thing around us were the birds dumb enough to venture close to flying humans.
Just as I was about to speak my mind, Varay held up her hand as if she was searching for something in the air. With a soft click, the sky split apart to reveal a metal staircase.
Olfred let out a smirk upon seeing my gaping mouth.
“Welcome to the Council’s floating castle.”





Chapter 99
My eyes stayed fixed on the iron staircase aged with dents and rust, until the roar of mana beasts below shook me from my daze.
“Looks like some of the more keen mana beasts have sensed the castle. We should hurry if we don’t want any unnecessary trouble,” Olfred voiced out to no one in particular.
Peering down from the sky, we could faintly make out the subtle movements of a few huge mana beasts that were shrouded in the dense cl.u.s.ter of trees.
“Mm,” replied Varay, neither agreeing nor disagreeing but simply accepting his point.
The stone knight, that had me slung over its shoulder, gently lowered me onto the base of the flight of stairs before crumbling into sand and reconstructing itself into a cape as it fastened itself around Olfred’s shoulder.
“We dwarves always carry a bit of dirt with us wherever we go,” Olfred winked at me upon noticing my surprised expression.
The door closed behind us, and while I thought we would be surrounded by darkness, a moss-like substance covering the walls began glowing with a soft, blue light.
Varay dissipated the ice cuffs that shackled my legs together so I could walk on my own and took the lead while Olfred followed closely behind us. We must’ve trudged on for at least an hour up the seemingly endless flight of stairs when I voiced out my frustration.
“Is there no faster way to go up than climbing this absurd amount of stairs?” I sighed. My body might be stronger than most humans even without my mana core due to the a.s.similation process I had gone through, but I was still growing impatient at the wasted time.
“Magic cannot be used at all of the entrances,” Varay answered immediately, a hint of impatience in her already cold voice.
I let out another deep breath and trudged along silently. Stealing a glance at my bond, as expected, Sylvie was sleeping a lot more than usual due to her recent transformation to her draconic form. Windsom had explained to me about the different forms that Asuras could utilize depending on the situation, but I never knew how much of a toll it took on Sylvie to release her draconic form. It couldn’t be helped, however, since Sylvie was basically a newborn in the eyes of deities who could live for what I can only imagine to be thousands of years, if not more.
Lost in my thoughts, I hadn’t realized that Varay had stopped.
“Oof,” I let out a surprised grunt as I b.u.mped into her. The female lance was just a tad taller than me but I was a step below her so my face had only hit her back. However, my arms were cuffed in front of me and they had hit someplace a bit more... intimate.
I hadn’t thought much of it, but to my surprise, Varay reacted in a way I would not have expected. She let out a rather effeminate little squeal as she jumped forward. Whipping around to face me, I could see her face flash in embarra.s.sment and surprise before immediately contorting into a fearsome glare that could drench someone in cold sweat.
Collecting herself, she turned back around and placed her hand at the end of the stairwell before muttering softly, “We are here.”

Gazing behind me, Olfred just gave an amused smirk before shrugging his shoulders and nudging me forward.
A glaring light seeped through the crevice of the wall that had split apart. As my eyes adjusted, I could finally make out what was ahead. A brightly lit corridor with an arched ceiling stretched from where we were, walls covered with mysterious designs carved onto every visible facet and corner. The engraved runes made the corridor seem more like a memorial etched with names of the deceased than a luxurious decoration; each engraving and design seemed to hold a purpose and meaning. There were simple chandeliers hung from the ceiling every few meters apart, but while the hall was brightly lit, The white light gave off a cold, emotionless feel, reminding me of the hospitals back in my old world.
“Now that we’re inside the actual castle itself, it is best not to converse with us or any of the lances,” he whispered with an unusual chill to his voice as we entered through the rather crudely-made door
We walked in silence, with only the echoes of our footsteps filling the hall. On either side were doors that didn’t match the metallic corridor; there were doors of different colors and material, all quite distinct from one another. The corridor didn’t seem to have an end, but luckily, Varay stopped us at a seemingly random door to our left along the way. She knocked on the door without pause until it swung inward, revealing an armored bear of a man.
I took a closer look at him.
“My Lords,” the guard immediately knelt down with his head bowed.
“Rise,” Varay replied cooly. The guard stood back up, but did not make eye contact with either of the two lances. Instead, his gaze was fixed on me as he regarded me both curiously and cautiously.
“Tell the Council of our arrival.” Olfred waved the guard away impatiently. The armored man took another quick bow and disappeared behind a hidden black door that looked to be a part of the wall.
After a few minutes, the guard came back out and fully opened the door for us, allowing us in. “Lance Zero and Lance Balrog have been given permission to meet the Council, along with the prisoner named Arthur Leywin.”
I looked at Olfred, raising a brow. As he walked past me, he muttered, “Bah. Code names,” as if embarra.s.sed.
I couldn’t help but let out a wry smile before trailing behind the two lances. Whatever awaited ahead would most likely determine my future, but all I could think of was what the code names for all the other lances were.
As I pa.s.sed the guard and stepped through the hidden door, I could immediately sense the change in the atmosphere. We were in a large circular room with a high-rise ceiling that seemed to be made entirely of gla.s.s. The room was simply decorated, with only a long, rectangular table at the very back. Six chairs, each seated with one of the members of the Council, were facing the three of us as they looked at me, every one of them with different expressions.
““Your Majesties.”” Olfred and Varay both bowed towards the Council as the former kings and queens rose from their seats. Not knowing what exactly the custom dictated in situations like this, I followed after the two lances and bowed as well.
“Ignorant! Do you think of yourself on the same level as the Lances? You should take a knee at the very least as a sign of respect,” a husky voice boomed. I looked up to see that it was the former dwarf king, Dawsid Greysunders.
He sported a bushy brown beard that spilled from his chin and covered is upper torso. He had a barrel of a chest covered by an endorned leather armor that seemed like it was restraining his muscles rather than protecting them. However, looking at his soft, uncalloused hand twiddling the gold wine flute, I had second thoughts as to whether those muscles were ever put to use, or if they was simply just for show.
I had a hard time controlling my face as it contorted into a look of annoyance, but before I could rebut back, I caught sight of Alduin Eralith, Tessia’s father and the former elf king. He gave me a quick shake of the head, with a worried expression on his face.

Clenching my jaw, I relented. “My apologizes, Your Majesties. I am but a boy from the countryside, uneducated in the ways of proper manners,” I said through gritted teeth, taking a knee.
“Hmph.” He plopped back down on his seat, crossing his arms. Even as he sunk back into his chair, it was impossible to ignore the st.u.r.dy frame that the former dwarf king had. The veins on his arms stretched with every little movement. Paired with a great bristling beard and dark, heavy eyes, Even as a dwarf, he looked much larger than he really was.
“Now, now. I’m sure the journey had been long and everyone’s eager to get started. Varay, uncuff Arthur.” Curtis’ father, Blaine Glayder was the one that had just spoken. The female lance dissipated the frozen cuffs that bound my wrists but let the slumbering Sylvie inside the frozen orb, as I surveyed the rulers of this continent. It had been years since I last saw Blaine and Priscilla Glayder, but besides the few extra wrinkles, little had changed about them. I noticed that the former queen did look a bit fatigued, but her expression did not give that away at all.
It was the first time seeing the former dwarf queen but she was just as I had expected—manly. She had a defined, square jaw with sharp eyes and dark hair pulled straight back into a ponytail. Her broad shoulders strained the fabric of her simple, brown blouse as she stayed seated upright on her chair.
Alduin and Merial Eralith, however, seemed to have aged the most. While it had merely been days since I had last seen them, I wasn’t surprised, since their only daughter had been the center of Draneeve’s act of terrorism.

The two lances that had escorted me here took a few steps back from me as I looked up at the Council.
Alduin Eralith spoke up with in a gentle tone, his expression coming off as almost guilty for bringing me here. “Arthur Leywin. Before we begin, I would like to thank you, not as a leader but as a father for saving my daughter—”
“And need I remind you that we are here as leaders of this d.a.m.ned continent, not fathers?” Dawsid interjected, pounding his fists on the table. “This boy mutilated one of his fellow schoolmates before killing him. Shall I read the description one of the scouts so kindly sent to us?”
Priscilla shook her head, trying to quell the situation.
“Dawsid, I hardly think it’s necessary—”
“Both legs, crushed into mush past the mid-thigh. Left arm, dismember and cauterized past the elbow. Right arm, frozen and crushed. Genitals...” As the former dwarf king continued to read off of the scroll, even he seemed to have a hard time saying what was coming up next. “Genitals, along with the pelvic bone, crushed and—”
“I think that’s enough, Dawsid,” Alduin warned.
“It seems I’ve made my point. Yes, it’s all convenient and everything that this boy happened to save the entire school, but it did not justify the torment he put his schoolmate through. To me, I can only see this as him using this whole fiasco as an excuse to get revenge on someone who he’s clearly had enmity with since the past,” Dawsid said coldly.
“You can’t be saying that this boy’s main motive for delving blindly into such a dangerous scene was just to seek revenge. And even if he did, what of it. You can’t prove to anyone here what Arthur’s motives were. He did what we couldn’t do in times of need and that was potentially save every student inside Xyrus,” Alduin barked back, his face turning more and more red.
“Yes, and that is why I’m not suggesting we kill the boy. We just need to merely cripple him as a mage.” It was the former dwarf queen that spoke this time. The cold indifference in her voice seemed to even make her husband falter for a moment.

“What my wife, Glaudera said, is exactly my thoughts as well. This boy is too dangerous if left alone. Imagine if he and his pet dragon decides to make enemies out of us...”
My ears perked up at the mention of Sylvie.
“My G.o.d, do you hear yourself? You sound like a paranoid criminal. Blaine, Priscilla, what do you have to add to all of this?” Tessia’s mother, asked, shaking her head, disconcerted.
“Merial, my husband and I both agree with you on this, speaking as a parent,” Priscilla said evenly, her distant gaze switching back and forth from Sylvie and I. “But, it is best to consider the Greysunders’ view as well. What they say, they say with the entirety of the continent at stake.”
“So what, we cripple the boy and kill the dragon, all for the off chance that the boy might harbor ill feelings toward us and decide to get revenge?” Alduin nearly yelled as he stood up, facing the other leaders.
“Alduin, know your place! Don’t think you are on the same level as us just because you sit here. May I remind you of your inability to even take care of your own lances?” Dawsid growled menacingly as he pointed accusingly at the former elf king, “This continent is potentially at the brink of war and you were careless enough to lose one of our biggest trump cards!”
“Your Majesties. Was I brought here to simply hear my judgment or am I allowed to—”
“You will not speak until you are instructed to!” Dawsid roared, cutting me off. “I refuse to any claims this boy is trying to make. He could say that the G.o.d of Iron himself spoke to him and ordered him to do all of this but it does not change what he had done and what he will be able to do if left alone. The scouts are still in the middle of gathering accounts from the witnesses.”
“I see no point in me being here if I am not even allowed to speak and give my account on what happened and why it happened the way it did,” I did my best to control the volume and tone of my voice, but I could tell it was coming out a lot sharper than I had wanted it to.
“You’re right! There is no need for this prisoner to be here. Olfred, lock him up in one of the lower cells and keep him there until further orders. Also, lock his pet in a vault.” Glaudera Greysunders responded for her husband, waving her hand toward us.
“Dawsid, Glaudera, the Council is not for you to run and order as you see fit. Aya!” Alduin growled. Behind him, a figure masked in the shadows kneeled, awaiting a command.
“Stand down, elf! Remember that you only have one lance at your disposal.” There was heavy tension as the elf king and dwarf king locked eyes.
Alduin was the one to concede as he reluctantly sat back in his chair. For a brief moment as I was picked up by Olfred’s stone knight, our gazes met. I could see the unrelenting determination in his gaze as he gave me a firm nod. I bit my tongue and chose to stay silent.
It was obvious that the former dwarf king and queen were all for crippling me, while the Glayder’s remained neutral since much is still unknown. I was going to have to rely on Alduin and Merial if Sylvie and I were going to get home unscathed.
As the stone knight carried me through a different door and down a flight of stairs, I tried to talk to Olfred with little results.
Taking a look around, it seemed like your typical castle dungeon where prisoners of war and traitors were held. I was in just one of the many cells, but much of the area was covered by shadows that the light of the few burning torches couldn’t reach.
“This will be your cell, Arthur. Your bond will be placed elsewhere.” The summoned knight carrying me suddenly crumbled into dust upon reaching my dungeon chamber. I landed rather unimpressively on my knees and elbows as Olfred shut the metal cage.
“Ouch, he could’ve warned me,” I muttered aloud, brushing the dust off of my knees.
“That voice. A-Arthur? Arthur Leywin?”
My head bolted up at the sound of the feeble, yet familiar sound.
“Director Goodsky?”





Chapter 100
“Director Goodsky?” I sputtered incredulously.
“Y-yes. Although, ‘director’ doesn’t seem to be appropriate anymore seeing as how I was stripped of that t.i.tle. Who would’ve imagined I’d meet you in here, Arthur,” she replied weakly, and by the audible pant in her speech, it seemed as if she had suffered considerably.
“Stripped of your t.i.tle? I don’t understand. What is going on here? Why are you here, Director?” I leaned against the metal bars of my cage in hopes to hear her more clearly. From the source of her voice, I deduced that her cell was diagonally opposite my own, but because of the way the torchlights were set up, most of the cells were still in darkness.
“We will get to that later. Arthur, how did you end up being locked up? With your ability, I a.s.sumed you would be able to fend well enough for yourself or at least escape if necessary.” There was a hint of despair in Cynthia’s voice as she asked me.
“Tessia was held captive by Lucas and I had to use most of my mana to fight him. When two of the lances appeared, I didn’t have enough strength to escape,” I sighed.
“I...I apologize, I don’t quite follow. The half-elf boy, Lucas?”
It was obvious that Director Goodsky wasn’t aware at all of the recent happenings at her own academy, which I found unsurprising since she would’ve surely been there to help if she had known. I filled her in as detailed as I could in the quiet of the dungeon, only being able to a.s.sume that her silence was indication that she was fervently listening.
It was hard to tell whether the other cells had prisoners inside as well, but the information I was revealing wasn’t exactly confidential so I caught Goodsky up until the events of what had just happened with the Council.
“Can you describe for me how exactly the boy, Lucas, seemed to you when you fought against him?” Goodsky asked.
“Apart from the ma.s.sive increase in his mana manipulation capabilities, I noticed that his physical appearance was different as well. Let’s see, he had this sickly, gray skin tone as well as dark lines, which I a.s.sumed to be his veins, running down his face, neck and arms. His hair color had changed too; it wasn’t blond like I remembered it to be, but it was more of a dusty black and white color. The Wykes family had always been known to have a keen fondness of elixirs, no matter what the side effects may have been—”
“No elixir on this continent has the capabilities to enhance the user’s mana core that drastically Arthur. And, you weren’t able to catch a glimpse of what the leader of this whole disaster looked like?” Director Goodsky interrupted, her voice edged with frustration.

“Unfortunately, I didn’t arrive in time to see him. Why?”
“I just wanted to confirm some things, but I think I already have a basic understanding of the whole situation. I knew it was bound to happen, but not this soon. They’re moving forward with the plan much too quickly.” I could hear the director’s footsteps echoing as she paced insider her cell.
“What do you mean you knew it was bound to happen? Who are ‘they’? Director Goodsky, I’m beginning to have a nagging suspicion that I truly hope I could denounce as simply my lack of judgement...”
There was a brief pause from both of us where only the flickering snaps of the torches’ flames broke the still silence of the dungeon.
“I cannot say, Arthur. I am bound by forces beyond anything either one of us can hope to go against. I am truly sorry.”
“A binding? Huh, I see. How convenient. And is there a way to remove this binding?” I asked in response, sounding more sardonic than I had meant to.
“I have searched for decades on this matter, and all were futile,” Director Goodsky let out a deep breath, ignoring my tone.
“Then the reason you are locked up here is because...”
“From what you have told me and based on what I already know, it seems I have been made a scapegoat that the Council wishes to utilize as a convenient excuse for all that has happened recently.”
“Why would the Council need a scapegoat?”
“I cannot say the reason for this as well,” she replied. There was clear frustration in her tone, but not directed at me, but rather at herself. “Arthur, it is painful for me to continue talking about this. Even the very thought of mentioning what I know to someone activates the curse. We should both get some rest; heaven knows we’ll be needing it.”
Letting out a sigh, I stepped away from the metal gate and leaned my back against the rigid, stone wall of my cell. Even without the artifact binding my mana core, I was still unable to use any sort of magic here.
With nothing else to do, my mind began racing with different thoughts.

We were inside of a floating castle located above one of the deepest ends of the Beast Glades. a.s.suming that I could escape with Sylvie and Director Goodsky, would we even be able to make it out of the Beast Glades alive? Sylvie was out of the question since her recent transformation had left her in a state only slightly better than a hibernating bear. Goodsky was a silver core wind mage, which might be enough for us to fly back.
I backtracked my plan after realizing the three of us would still probably get wiped out. On our way here, the two lances had to constantly release a strong killing intent to ward off any beast. Even then, they were cautious enough to hide all of our presences at times. It would be near suicidal to think we can simply fly over the entire Beast Glades.
After what seemed like hours of deliberation, I could only click my tongue in frustration and roll over on the cold floor to try and get some sleep. It was impossible after all. It was becoming harder and harder to push down the sensation of hopelessness creeping up the more I continued to plan for our escape.
BLAINE GLAYDER’S POV:
“What the h.e.l.l was that, Glayder? I thought we had an agreement?” the former dwarf king barked out after slamming the door of my study.
“Yes. I am well aware what the agreement is. Rest a.s.sured, you will have my, and my wife’s, vote, Dawsid. However, even you cannot make me spout out such irrational accusations at the boy who had just saved the entire future generation of this continent, including my children,” I responded icily, pouring myself a gla.s.s of aged liquor.

“And, I’m saying that there will be no future generation if you do not side with me! Arthur and his bond has to go. That was the agreement. They have to be brought back to Him if we’re going to even have a future in this continent.”
“I know what the stakes are, Dawsid. I do not need you badgering me every moment you feel insecure. What you and I are doing is betraying the entire population, you realize that, yes?” I hissed, staring at the dwarf who wasn’t much taller than I was even when I was seated.
“It’s not considered betraying if this continent was already bound for annihilation. Blaine, you and I both know what is going to happen to Dicathen, regardless of whether we try to save it or not. We have to look beyond that and try to salvage what’s important to us,” he consoled, his hands gestured in a placating manner.
“If that’s what you tell yourself to sleep at night, go ahead. What we’re doing is abandoning our people so that we can save our own a.s.ses,” I scoffed, shaking my head.
“That is what I tell myself! What He promised isn’t a bad deal! Your family will all live and serve Him just like my family will.”
“And what of our people, Dawsid? What will He do with the citizens of Dicathen? If even the Kingdom of Sapin and Darv aren’t safe after we promised allegiance to Him, what will happen to the Kingdom of Elenoir?”

“Bah! The elves have always been too old-fashioned and righteous for their own good. That old geezer, Virion, would never allow Alduin to side with Him. It’s a shame too, but, unlike us, the elves won’t realize what being a leader truly means. Just imagine, Blaine, the technology, the riches that He and his people will bring to Dicathen! Immortality, unrivaled martial strength, and infinite wealth will no longer be just a fantasy for us, but be only a matter of time!”
“Mind your words. I am following Him because of my family. Do not lump me together with the likes of you, who is abandoning your own race for the sake of personal gain. Im sure you can imagine what He will most likely do once he arrives. What will become of the rest of the three races? Most likely either a genocide of some form, or if he’s smart, he’ll make them all his slaves.”
The former dwarf king was rendered speechless by my response; his mouth moved as if he was trying to refute my argument, but no audible words came out.
“Nevertheless, my wife’s love for our children seems to heavily outweigh that of the entire human kingdom, and my duty to preserve the Glayder blood will always triumph, so rest a.s.sured, we will side with you. Hopefully, my ancestors will forgive my actions as this will be the only way to save the Glayder line,” I sighed in defeat.
Dawsid lifted his hand up, about to pat my shoulder when I gave him a sharp look. Feigning a dry cough, he excused himself, leaving me to my own dark thoughts in the silence of my study. Staring blankly at the extravagantly decorated room, furnished with rare wood carved by master carpenters, embellished with rare gems and metals worth more than a small town, a sense of dread and guilt began surfacing in my stomach.
These luxuries meant nothing to me. All my life, what I wanted was to be the strongest mage to make my father and my ancestors proud. Yet, it was blatantly obvious that my talent as a mage was subpar compared to even countryside peasants. Only through spending an enormous amount of resources on mana strengthening elixirs and aids was I able to barely break into the red stage. Even towards my own wife and children, I caught myself harboring feelings of scathing envy.
I had always been ashamed by this but there was little else I could do. Even having control over the two lances did not help my feelings of inferiority, instead, it was a daily reminder for me that in order to properly rule over my own people,I needed to be guarded at all times because I wasn’t strong enough to fend for myself.
Was I truly making this decision for the safety of my family and myself, or, like Dawsid, hungered and yearned for power incomparable to other mages? Being at the pinnacle of where my people would fear and respect me solely because of my strength, and not due to the protection the lances I had in my control; was that what I truly wanted?
After an hour of contemplating, I realized in my inebriated state that no amount of alcohol could wash this miserable feeling away. I stumbled over my own feet and toppled onto the ground. Losing my grip on the gla.s.s I was holding onto as I fell, it shattered on the floor ahead of me; the shards embedded themselves into the arm I used to break my fall with. I could only curse in frustration at my own inability. How pathetic was I, stumbling and being cut by mere gla.s.s. Had I been born more talented, more powerful...
I picked myself up, ignoring the bloodstains on the ground, leaving the shards of gla.s.s in my bleeding arm while staggering to my bedroom. I could smell the stench of liquor in my breath as I let out a deep breath.
Memories of when I had first met the boy flashed in my mind as I trudged towards the door that now seemed so far away. Even before my children started speaking of Arthur from school, he had left a deep impression, enough for me to see him as a figure of great importance in the future. Perhaps the only thing greater than his strengths as a mage was his poor luck in being involved in this conspiracy.
“I’m sorry, boy...” I mumbled under my breath. “I would like to believe that it is for the good of this continent that you become a sacrifice.” Even as I said this, the words sounded empty to my ears. I had hoped saying it aloud would provide some sort of self-a.s.surance, but what I felt for Arthur wasn’t grief or sympathy.
Stronger than the feelings of a king sacrificing for the greater good...
Even stronger than the weight of a Glayder trying to keep his bloodline alive...
I felt this soothing sensation of my dark envy being resolved with the death of this boy. I loathed myself for this, but what of it? I am Blaine Glayder, fourth of his name, yet my talents as a mage don’t even amount to a single drop compared to the ocean that is Arthur Leywin. Why should that boy of no origins carry a power that is better fit for me?
I unlocked the door and wobbled unsteadily, denying the maids rushing to help me.
“I’m sorry, boy,” I mumbled again. “It is for the greater good...”
“For my greater good.”





Chapter 101
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
The silhouette of an enormous castle shrouded in darkness continued growing larger but whether I was approaching the castle or the castle was moving towards me, I had no idea. As the silhouette grew closer, I was gradually able to make out the details of the castle: the fluttering house flag resting on the top of the highest tower, the splendid fountain carved with intricate features, the high gates with sharp spikes and barbed wire.
Little by little, the shadows covering the castle receded, exposing more of the castle’s exterior. I could see the image of a flaming phoenix on the house flag and crows gathering atop the gate. However, a horrendous feeling began creeping up my back, the closer I drew. I arrived below the towering gates and locked eyes with a particularly grotesque crow. It regarded me for a few seconds but then let out a caw and resumed its feast.
What was it eating?
I couldn’t see from the bottom of the gate, but for some reason, I felt a need to know what the ravens were eating.
This unrelenting urge to find out...
I began climbing up the gate, ignoring the spikes from the barbed wire digging into my hands. The higher I climbed, the more crows gathered atop the gate, joining in on the festivities. At some point, I became shrouded in crow feathers so much that I could only see black. I roared out for them to disappear, but no sound came out. Despite the inaudible shriek, the flock dispersed, revealing what they had been so eagerly consuming.
It was the decapitated heads of Tessia and my family impaled on black spikes. There were chunks of flesh missing from their face. Without their eyelids, their milky eyes seemed to stare distantly as their lip-less mouth hung open.
As I reached for them, to remove them from the spikes their heads were skewered on, all of their gaze suddenly focused on me and they screamed at me, revealing the insects that had burrowed themselves inside of their mouths.
“ALL YOUR FAULT!” The sudden volume of their voices made me lose my grip on the gate and I was sent falling down as their lifeless eyes continued to stare at me.
I bolted up from the stone ground I had been lying on. Cold sweat had already drenched my clothes as I sat there heaving for breath.
It was just a dream.......
I stared down at my hands to find out that they were trembling. As I tried to control my breathing, an unfamiliar voice startled me to my feet.
I whipped my body towards the sound, only to be staring at a darkened figure in the corner of my cell.
As she stepped out towards me, I was able to see who she was.
“Hi, there,” the woman said coaxingly, except her mouth wasn’t moving. Her voice had a soothing timbre that tickled my ear.
It dawned on me that the woman who had just spoken was Alduin’s remaining lance. I had caught a glimpse of her earlier today, except, just like before, she was covered in a cloak that hid her appearance.

What surprised me more was the fact that despite how close she was to me, I wasn’t able to sense her presence at all. It reminded me of when Virion released his second stage of his beast form, except, it seemed as natural as breathing for her.
“Do not talk. I bring you a message from King Eralith,” she whispered from underneath her cloak, leaning close to me as she handed me a piece of paper.
I read through it as soon as the letter was in my hand.
Dear Arthur,
While explanations and apologies for the recent events concerning the disaster at Xyrus Academy are in order, I fear the scale of this incident is much deeper and more sinister than what it appears to be on the surface.
You do not have much time. Come a few hours, the Council will deem you and Cynthia Goodsky as the perpetrators of the act of terrorism that had befallen on Xyrus. Director Goodsky will be sentenced to public execution, but you and your bond will only be imprisoned. I’m sorry I could not help you much in this matter; my voice simply cannot win against the unified front of the dwarves and humans.
What I’m about to tell you next is something that was not meant for my ears. I have yet to find all of the missing pieces, but what I did hear between King Glayder and Dawsid, was that they are planning on delivering you to someone. I do not know who, but it seems to be the only reason why they’re keeping you alive and intact. I have already sent my father, along with a few escorts, to take your family to a hidden location where they’ll be safe from those who wish to do your family harm or use them against you. Think of it as a small compensation for all that you’ve done for Tessia. I hope this, at least, gives you some ease of heart. Even if my lance can free you from your cell, once you step outside, all of the other lances will be notified. My apologies as this is all I can do for you for now. Stay strong and be firm.
Alduin Eralith
As soon as I folded the letter, it crumbled into ashes between my fingers. Looking back up, the female lance named Aya, that I had expected to see, was no longer there, disappearing as quietly as she had appeared.
I had to admit that there was a heavy burden that had been lifted from my chest. The safety of my family had been a concern for me the entire time. Due to the information pa.s.sed on from Windsom, the Council’s behaviour since our first meeting made me question the possibility of the Vritra playing a part in all of this. However, now that the Council had decided on the public execution of Director Goodsky, I was almost certain that the Vritra were involved.
I had originally suspected the Wykes house being involved by somehow tilting the odds against my favor for killing Lucas; they were a family of high wealth and influence after all. But the Wykes family has no reason for involving the Director of Xyrus Academy. Even if Goodsky wasn’t from an influential family, her name alone bears weight all over the continent. The Wykes family alone wouldn’t be able to influence the Council enough to make them do something so rash like condemning her to public execution. Even if pushing the blame on Goodsky would ease some of the burden the Council would face from the public, her death wouldn’t be worth it...
Unless there was a third party involved calling the shots, either bribing or forcing the Council.
Letting out another deep breath as I sat down, thoughts of how I had refused to grow attached to anyone in my past life because I didn’t want any weaknesses came to mind. Shaking my head to try and disperse the thoughts, I leaned my back against the cold wall, thinking and coming up with a plan.
_____________________________________________
“Get up!” a sharp baritone voice snapped.
My eyes fluttered open at the abrupt bellow and clanging of the metal gate.
Rolling to my stomach, I push myself up, stretching the aching bones in my body from sleeping on the hard, stone ground.
I expected to see Olfred since he was the one that had brought me to the cell, but instead, I had the unfortunate pleasure of waking up to Bairon’s happy face; and by happy, I meant a scowl of impatience laced with a hatred for my very existence basically written on his face. I don’t blame him, since I had been the one to kill his younger brother, but I sensed, for some reason, that his death wasn’t the only reason for his blatant animosity.

“The Council is waiting,” Bairon spoke sharply, opening the gate. The lance grabbed my arm roughly and half dragged me out of my cell after binding my arms and attaching the sealing artifact back on my chest.
“Good morning to you as well. I see you’re not much of a morning person,” I chuckled, trying to keep myself from falling as he continued jerking my arm.
The lance said nothing in response, though his cold glare spoke volumes. As we made our way towards the exit, I noticed that the cell Director Goodsky had been held in was open.
We arrived in front of a different room from yesterday; the large double doors that towered high enough to admit giants were closed shut, with m.u.f.fled sounds coming from the other side.
“You don’t know how much I’m looking forward to the trial,” Bairon said, his jaws tensing, while his grip on my arm became even tighter.
“Don’t worry, I’ll be sure to treat your family with the same sentiments you showed mine.” The lance turned to me, his lips curling upwards in a smirk, just enough to reveal his sharp canine.
Had I not received the letter earlier last night, I might’ve actually been worried, but knowing they were safely hidden and that for now the Council needed me alive and intact, his empty threats didn’t mean much.
“Are you honestly trying to pick a fight with a thirteen-year-old?” I shook my head, using my best expression of disappointment.
A sharp tug lifted me from the ground and suddenly, I was face to face with Bairon. “I don’t think you understand what’s about to happen to you right now. You’re going to either end up dead or wishing you had died while your pet is going to become a prized pet for one of the kings. You think this only affects you? I’ll make sure your family and anyone you even remotely cared about faces a miserable death.” he spat out as my legs dangled above the ground.
“Yes yes, the great Lance Bairon is going to take vengeance for his lunatic younger brother, who chose to go to the dark side and kill innocent students, by tormenting the teenager who put him out of his misery and killing his family too. All hail Lance Bairon!” I tried acting surprised, but I suspected my monotonous voice gave it away
I could see his right hand ball up into a fist, but he just clicked his tongue in disgust, tossing me back onto the floor with enough force to send me rolling towards the tall double doors. Dusting myself off as best as I could with my arms tied in front of me, I remained seated, leaning my head back on the doors as I gave Bairon a wink.
Either Bairon didn’t see or he chose to ignore me, but as I was about to say something, I heard faint sounds coming from the other side of the doors. After a.s.similating with Sylvia’s dragon will, my entire body had been strengthened, including my senses and reflexes. It wasn’t to the point where I would be able to last a few minutes against a lance without magic, but my hearing was strong enough to vaguely make out some familiar voices inside the protected room.
“...perpetrator of...”
“...refusal to answer...”
It seemed like the Council was about done with the sentencing for who I could safely a.s.sume to be Director Goodsky.
“... sentenced to public execution.”
The last statement rang particularly loud from Dawsid’s booming voice.
After a moment of silence, the tall doors I was leaning against suddenly swung inward without a creak, causing me to tip backwards. Looking up from the floor, I spotted the same guard, who had admitted Varay, Olfred and I during the first Council meeting, regarding us without any emotion.

“The Council is ready,” the guard said, shifting his gaze from me to Bairon.
Picking myself up, I was able to lock eyes with the former director of Xyrus Academy as she was escorted back out by two guards.
Her gaze was firm but her jaws were tensed in suppressed anger as she pa.s.sed me by.
Keeping my expression deadpan and unreadable as I trudged towards the Council, I studied each of their faces.
Sitting down on the single chair, wordlessly, I waited for them to start. Bairon appeared behind Blaine Glayder and as the double doors shut with a loud thud, the room was filled with an eerie silence. The Dwarf King was the first to speak, his eyes glued to the stack of papers he had begun shuffling through.
“Boy, let it be known that the Council is merciful. Even though your heinous actions against a fellow schoolmate would normally result in at least the incapacitation of your mana core, we agreed that since your actions were for the sake of the greater good, your sentencing will instead be as followed: Arthur Leywin is to be stripped of his previous t.i.tle as a mage all and the benefits that come with. He is also to be imprisoned until further notice.” Dawsid spoke in a grandiose manner, as if he actually thought of himself as benevolent.
There was a brief silence; I suspected the Dwarf King was waiting for me to shower him with grat.i.tude and other forms of flattery before he spoke again.
“Is there anything you would like to say?” he questioned.
“Just a few questions...Your Majesty. While my first punishment is apparent enough, what do you mean by imprisoned until ‘further notice’?” I tilted my head.
“Upon the next few weeks, we’ll be monitoring how the disaster at Xyrus Academy is faring with the victims and their families. As soon as we see that enough time has pa.s.sed and the memories of your actions have more or less dissipated from the public’s minds, we will release you. Think of it as a sort of provisional detainment instead of imprisonment,” Blaine explained, mustering up a smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes.
“I see. Fair enough, I suppose. What of my bond?” I asked. As soon as I was released from my cell this morning by Bairon, I had tried communicating with Sylvie, only to be met by silence.
“The Council is already being kind enough to let you live, yet you ask for more?” Glaundera snapped, banging her thick palm on the raised desk.
“Keeping your bond is another issue, Arthur. Part of the sentencing where you lose your rights as a mage means that you will no longer be able to keep your bond.” Alduin had been the one to tell me this. Had it been anyone else, I would’ve reacted differently, but reading the subtle meanings in his intonations and words, I knew he was only trying to keep me from trouble..
As our eyes stayed locked for a few more seconds, I forced a stiff nod.
“I understand, Your Majesties.”
“Good. Bairon, take him back to his cell but keep him chained up,” Blaine waved us away. I studied the expressions of everyone there one last time. While Blaine’s face was more self-a.s.sured than yesterday’s trial, his wife still looked pale with guilt. The dwarves were both haughtily arrogant, making me more certain that they were the ones most involved with the Vritra while the Alduin and Merial both wore stoic expressions as masks.
I could tell Bairon was furious but he stayed silent throughout the trip back to my cell. I decided it was best not to antagonize him in his current state so I remained mute as well.
I had expected to be taken to the same cell I was in before, but I was instead brought down to a different holding place. With an actual bed and toilet, I would’ve mistaken it for a room if it weren’t for the bars that kept me from escaping.
After tossing me inside with a bit more strength than necessary, the lance left wordlessly. My arms were still chained together in front of me while the artifact stayed embedded into my chest, limiting my abilities.
I couldn’t tell how many hours had pa.s.sed or whether it was night or day since there weren’t any windows, but as I sat there patiently, the sound of soft footsteps approached.
“It seems you were expecting me,” the voice sighed.
My lips curled upwards as I gazed upon a strikingly familiar face.
“About d.a.m.n time, Windsom.”





Chapter 102
DAWSID GREYSUNDER’S POV:
“Hehe... hehehe,” I pursed my lips, trying to contain the laughter building up inside me.
“Cheers, My Love, for the madness that will soon be coming to an end.” I held up my goblet as I leaned forward.
“Cheers.” My wife smiled back, touching my gla.s.s with hers to make a hollow ‘clink’.
Leaning back in the leather armchair much too big for myself, I relished the dry taste of fermented fruits that cost me about as much as a small house. Admiring the extravagant rings on each of my fingers, sparkling against the candlelight, I couldn’t help but smile widely.
“Just think, Glaundera. After this, no longer will our people be stuck in holes at the bottom of this continent. With His new rule, we, along with our people, will be there to serve directly beneath him. Dwarves will no longer need to be tools that slave away, forging weapons for the humans. We will be the chosen race that will lead this underdeveloped continent into a new era alongside Him,” I sighed.
“Was He really that powerful, Dear? You are the only one that has had direct communication with this ‘being’. What was he like?” my wife leaned her head on her arm, getting comfortable.
“It was nothing like I’d ever imagined. I’ve had my share of time fighting mana beasts when I was younger. Unlike the old dwarves that stick to their traditions, I carried no pride in the weapons that I had built. What satisfaction was there in watching someone mindlessly swing the weapon you poured your blood and sweat into crafting? No, the only weapon I ever finished, I had made for myself. Using my war axe, Full Cleave, I slayed hundreds of mana beasts of all cla.s.ses. There were some that could send shivers straight down my spine with just a pa.s.sing glance, while others could petrify even the strongest of mages with a glare” —I took another sip from my gla.s.s— ”Yet, when he first made himself known to me, I couldn’t breathe. My head felt like it was getting pounded by hammers while my whole body stung as if each pore was being stabbed by tiny needles. I’ve lingered at the gates of death countless times, but nothing had ever made me so fearful.”
Looking down at my hands, I see that they were trembling. “I told you this before, but I truly felt like I was facing a G.o.d. I had this overwhelming notion that he didn’t need me in order to achieve his goals, yet he was giving me this chance. He chose us, My Love. He chose us,” I whispered.
“I believe you, My Dear. And when he takes rule of this Continent, what was it that he promised us again?” My wife scooted next to me, cuddling against my arm as her large hands wrapped around my waist.
“He promised us everything we could ever hope for: vast wealth, magical capabilities that are beyond comprehension, more people to serve us, and best of all, an eternity to enjoy them all. Glaundera, I can finally, once again, swing Full Cleave. No more will this crippled body of mine hinder me,” I said, my voice growing louder the more excited I became.
“That’s great, My Dear. Truly, being in the Council is hindering your full potential,” my wife cooed, coaxing me as she rubbed my belly.
I leaned further back, enjoying her touch. “Hah! We three kings have a joke we say to one another. We joke around how the three kings of this generation all lack the talent and potential as mages, calling it the Dicathen’s Kings’ Complex. Screw them! Unlike the other two, I was once a great mage. Being an orange core mage by the time I was at my prime, I would have soared to greater heights if it wasn’t for that d.a.m.ned incident that left me in this pitiful state.”
What I never told my wife was that the ‘incident’ happened because I had some fun with a peasant girl.
I unconsciously licked my lips as I recalled that night. It would’ve been a lot more enjoyable if she wasn’t screaming so loudly.
I don’t know how her husband found out, but he was crafty enough to get me alone, even using his own wife as bait. Of course, I ended up killing the both of them to hide my little secret, but not before he was able to land a wound on me that would forever cripple my mana core. “Curse them! They should have just quietly accepted their fate; in fact, they should’ve seen it as an honor!” I cursed. To have put me in such a pathetic state, even torturing and killing them wasn’t enough.
“Dear, hush! The dwarves all respect you and you know that,” my wife scolded gently, snapping me out from my bitter memories.
“Respect? Bah, bull t.e.s.t.i.c.l.es! They all grudgingly obey me because of the two lances I have in my possession. I can feel it. Their eyes when they look at me, I know that they’re thinking: ‘Why is such a weak dwarf leading us?’ ‘He was just born lucky. He doesn’t deserve the crown and lances.’”
“Then we can kill all those that had once looked down on you, simple as that. And you will do it with your own two fists.” My wife moved her hand up, stroking my beard with her thick fingers as she looked up at me, her soothing smile accentuating her powerful square jaw. “You forgot one thing, though.”
“Of course. He also promised us fertility. We will finally be able to have sons and daughters of our own to carry on the Greysunders blood. In fact, why not see if he has already blessed us with it.” I put down my wine gla.s.s and shifted my body to face my wife. As I looked deep into her dirt brown eyes, I dug underneath her clothes to feel her warm, coa.r.s.e skin. I could feel her shudder from my touch as I continued softly rubbing her back, slowly reaching lower and lower.
As her eyes closed in pleasure, I used my other hand to untie her thin gown. When I slipped my hand underneath her top, she gasped in surprise from the chill of my fingers on her firm, exposed bosom.
I slipped off her gown to reveal her defined shoulders, smiling at the mesmerizing sight. I never understood the tastes of human and elf men, all wanting thin women. A real woman has to have muscles like these.
My wife inched closer impatiently as I took my sweet time undressing her; coaxing her as I spread her legs—

Bang!
The door to our room slammed open, only to show my guard, who had been stationed outside, looking wide-eyed at us.
“What is the meaning of this!” I roared. “How dare you barge in without—”
Like a wooden plank, the guard leaned forward and dropped to the ground without a word. Upon realizing that there was a hole through his back where his heart should’ve been, I immediately sprang up from our previous intimate posture.
He was dead.
“My greetings, Greysunders.” A cold, hoa.r.s.e voice filled my ears. As I took a step back, I could see my wife quickly redressing, fumbling as she herself got off the couch.
“How dare you barge into this room? Do you know who I am?” I screamed, fear filling the very depth of my soul as I stared at the figure. I couldn’t make out his features from the shadows of where he stood.
“That is of no importance. You two are the only infestations I need to take care of,” he spoke evenly.
Just as a light flashed towards us, a wall of molten lava intersected just in time to stop the intruder’s attack. However, I could taste the blood that trickled down from the tip of my nose into my mouth from the glowing needle that was barely stopped in time by my lance’s magic.
“Ol-Olfred! How could you let someone just barge into my room?” Stumbling backwards, my firm rebuke to my lance ended up sounding much more like a frightened whimper.
“My apologies, Your Majesties. I do not know how he managed to get in but I have notified Mica as well. The intruder will not be leaving,” my lance stated. Even as he gave my wife and me a curt bow, his eyes never left the shadowed figure.
Mica was the second lance under my command. While she wasn’t as obedient as Olfred, her skills as a mage was enough to allow me to be lenient with her.
“Good, good. T-take care of that intruder right now! I want him alive if possible!” I pointed my finger at the figure, hoping my wife wasn’t able to see that it was trembling fiercely.
“I seek only for the Greysunders’ heads. Needless bloodshed is not my desire,” the voice spoke coolly.
I backed up against the wall involuntarily when he spoke. For some reason he left me feeling terrified. No, now with Olfred is here and Mica on her way, I should have nothing to worry about.
“Unfortunately, the thing I seek is your head,” Olfred hissed, his limbs becoming engulfed in flames as he manifested mana into them.
The bright flames emitted from my lance as he dashed towards the intruder revealed the latter’s features, and knowing exactly who I was facing did not quell the fear inside me. Instead, it made me even more horrified.
He was elderly, with long, white hair tied tightly into a ponytail, flowing down like a stream of liquid pearl. Yet, despite his age, he stood, poised, with his hands elegantly placed behind his straight back. Both of his eyes were closed, bringing further emphasis on a third, unblinking eye in his forehead that glowed a radiant purple.
[Magma Knights]
As my lance casted his spell in a whisper, five soldiers made of magma were instantly conjured from beneath the intruder. However, as they reached for the elderly man, they crumbled into pieces with merely a faint blur of the intruder’s arm.
Olfred continue to conjure magma knights but each time they arose, they were just as quickly diced into little pieces by a movement too fast for my eyes.
“Bestow onto me,” Olfred chanted through gritted teeth.
[h.e.l.l’s Armor]
My lance’s body completely erupted into dark crimson flames as he approached the intruder. As the flames subsided, I could see the intricate armor made of magma that had covered Olfred. Glowing red runes intricately covered the armor, as a cape of billowing fire flowed down his back.
“Haha! This is what you get for being so arrogant! Die!” I cheered manically. A crazed smile formed on my face as I watched my lance about to destroy the intruder that had left me in such a pathetic state.

Olfred’s first blow landed squarely on the intruder’s face, even completely decimating the wall behind him with the shockwave. My fist clenched in excitement as I awaited to see the b.l.o.o.d.y mush that his face should’ve now become.
However, as the dust cloud faded, I felt my mouth hang open from shock. The intruder’s face was intact and unblemished, yet Olfred’s armored arm was snapped in two,his fist reduced to a b.l.o.o.d.y pulp. I could see splinters of white coming out of his knuckles from where his bones snapped.
“I admire your skills for a lesser being. Your powers could prove useful for the future of this continent, but now, you are only an irritant.” As the intruder spoke, he manifested a thin, glowing blade from the tip of his finger.
His next movement was so quick, it seemed as if he had teleported, but he was simply moving at such a monstrous speed that my eyes couldn’t comprehend.
The intruder blinked a few feet to where Olfred stood on guard, and the tip of his glowing saber gently touched the center of my lance’s armored chest.
“Break.”
The h.e.l.l’s Amor, ranked one of the highest fire-attribute defensive spells, shattered into dust. Blood spewed out of Olfred’s mouth as he was flung across the room and into the wall that I was backed up against.
I could only stare blankly at the scene. A shiver ran down my back as I felt the intruder’s unblinking eye on me.

My throat was too dry to even swallow, let alone utter a word. As I looked at the trembling figure of my wife, an earth-shattering sound made me whip my head back.
“h.e.l.lo King and Queen. Mica is sorry that she’s late!” a familiar voice chirped from within the cloud of dust.
“M-Mica! Your King was almost killed! Hurry up and dispose of that man!” I spouted out, holding onto my wife.
Mica was an anomaly amongst dwarves. She didn’t have any of the usual traits that would make a dwarven lady attractive. She was short but thin, with pale creamy skin instead of the usual bronze skin that was so admired.
Her features made her appear as if she was a feeble human child, her slightly pointed ears the only indication that she was really a dwarf. Despite her meagre appearance, her abilities in gravity manipulation was monstrous. Wielding a giant mace more than triple her size, she was able to freely control the weight of anything within a certain radius.
As the dust cloud dissipated, I could see that the intruder had completely dodged Mica’s surprise attack.
“Another annoyance.” The intruder’s voice sounded a bit more put off this time, but that could’ve just been me.
Before he could make his way towards me, the ground crumbled around him and my lance.
“Welcome to Mica’s world. Don’t die!” my lance giggled as she easily swung her giant morningstar.
“Excellent gravity manipulation,” the intruder nodded as he approached my lance. I could tell Mica was caught off guard when her opponent so easily walked towards her, each of his steps creating a deep imprint as the floor tiles cracked from the increased gravity.
Even with my life in danger, a nagging feeling of jealousy sprouted. This is what I desired— power to fight like this; to be at the apex of strength and magical capabilities.
“How can you move so easily? Your body weighs more than four tons!” Mica hissed as she slowly retreated, maintaining a careful distance from him.
“Is that your limit?” The man asked.
“Huh?” my lance responded, not expecting a question in response.
“It seems it is.”

“What limits? Mica has no limits!” my lance yelled as she jumped up for her final attack. Imbuing more mana into her weapon, I could see slight ripples in the s.p.a.ce around it due to the distortion of gravity. “Eat this!”
Her mace swung down with a force that I suspect could bring this entire castle to the ground, but the intruder simply lifted a single finger in response, effortlessly stopping the otherwise monstrous strike.
A wave of hopelessness overcame me Despite the magnitude of my lance’s power, I knew she couldn’t win.
I scrambled to my feet. I can’t die here. I need to escape.
From the corner of my eye, I saw a flash of light as the intruder formed a glowing blade that pierced through Mica. From what I could see, there was no wound from where she was slashed, but it must’ve done something to her since she fell to the floor with the whites of her eyes visible, her mace crashing heavily onto the ground.
That useless brat couldn’t even provide me with enough time to escape.
The intruder turned to face my wife and I with his thin glowing blade..
Glaundera shrieked with her finger pointed menacingly at the figure, “Y-you don’t know who you’re messing with. My husband will soon be the new right hand of Agora of the Vritra, an almighty deity—”
“Shut up!” I hissed, striking her face before she could finish.
“Asura. There are no deities in this world, only asuras,” the man corrected as he slowly approached us.
“P-please, have mercy and spare me O’ Great One.” I could feel a growing warmth between my legs as I got on my knees and begged.
“Do you want to live?” he asked as his single eye looked down at me.
“Y-yes! Please! I’ll do anything!” I pleaded as I tried to wrap my head around the situation at hand. Who, in this continent, could possibly dispose of a white core mage so easily?
“I see that Agora failed to choose his p.a.w.ns with proper caution,” he continued, his voice filled with contempt.
“Please, I’ve never even met him. He only called out to me, threatening to kill my wife and my people had I not obeyed. I-I beg you. This was all against my will,” I pleaded, prostrating myself on my hands and knees as my forehead touched the warm puddle of my own urine.
“Very well. Release the two lances that you have in your possession from the oath,” he commanded, his voice even and cold.
“R-release?” I stuttered.
“Yes. Is that a problem?” His single eye narrowed.
“No, of course not.” I took off the artifact that I had always kept around my neck and imbued my mana signature into it. As I released the oath, blood dribbled down the corners of my mouth.
I was instructed by my father to never undo the oath, that it could and should never be undone. However, my life was at stake here.
As both Olfred and Mica glowed a faint red indicating that the artifact’s bind has been released, I looked back at the intruder.
“T-there! I did it.”
“Good. They were unfortunate to have such a poor master, but they will be useful pieces in the upcoming war,” he responded, nodding as he looked at the two lances.
“N-now please. Let me go.” I hated how my voice sounded so weak and desperate.
“I’m sorry, did I say I’d let you go?” As I looked up, there was a change in his expression; for the first time a small smirk formed on face.
I tried responding but nothing came out.
No words... no sound... no breath...
Looking down, I could see the gaping hole in my throat and all I could do was stare at him, my jaw slack. As my vision faded, I peeled my gaze from the intruder and glanced at my wife. She was staring back as she reached desperately for me, a hole in her chest while blood soaked her thin gown.
Everything darkened. I could feel a cold hand grasping my soul, pulling me away from my body.
“Let the game of chess begin.” The intruder’s last words echoed from afar as my consciousness drifted into whichever level of h.e.l.l the hand decided to take me.





Chapter 103
Chapter 103: Peculiar Congregation
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
There was an expression of ever-so-slight amus.e.m.e.nt reaching the raised brow of Windsom’s sharp eyes. The asura, still donning a military-esque uniform paired with a trim, side-swept hairstyle to match, held out my bond.
“Sylvie!” I exclaimed. I bolted up from my seat but was extra careful in picking her up out of Windsom’s hand. Upon careful inspection, there were no visible wounds on her body, and by the rhythmic breathing, it seemed that she was simply asleep.
Letting out a relieved sigh, I carefully placed my sleeping dragon on my head before regarding the asura standing before me.
“Thank you.” I gave him a meaningful nod to which he responded with a look a parent would give to one’s child after he or she had misbehaved.
“I had known you were rash, but to think you would get yourself and Lady Sylvie caught so soon, and by the ones involved with the Vritra no less,” he reprimanded.
“To be fair, I was saving the academy from the Vritra,” I half shrugged, as if that would validate my actions.
“You need to understand that you and Lady Sylvie’s safety should take the most precedence as of now.”
“Windsom, there were people inside that academy whose life I considered more important than my own.” My face grew stern, reflecting the resolve in my voice.
Windsom regarded me for a moment before speaking again. “Was it for the Elf Princess?” he asked as if he already knew the answer.
“It-it wasn’t just for her,” I defended, my voice coming out a lot more unconfident than I had wanted.
“No matter,” the asura sighed. “What’s done is done. Speaking of this, what I do not understand is why the perpetrator of the incident took your friend, Elijah, with him.”
“I don’t know either...” I was at a loss as well, and no matter how many times I pondered about it inside my cell, I couldn’t come up with a reasonable explanation.
“I don’t know,” I repeated. “But I need you to help us out of here, Windsom. I need to find out where they took Elijah and—”
“And what? Save him?” the asura cut in, his deep-set eyes cold and penetrating. “You can’t even escape from this place but you think you have the ability to save him?”
After letting out a deep breath, he lowered his voice and continued. “Besides, I know roughly where the man named Draneeve took your friend.”
“Really? Where?” I unknowingly grabbed onto his sleeve as I said this.
“After investigating the artifact left at Xyrus Academy, I suspect it was a teleportation device that Draneeve had used to escape, along with your friend Elijah... as well as the device he had used to...”
“... to get here,” I finished the sentence, a feeling of dread growing inside me. “They took Elijah back to Alacrya, didn’t they?”
“Most likely,” he replied, his voice cold.
I slumped back against the wall, staring at my feet as neither of us spoke for a while.

“Windsom, following my train of thought, I was going to suggest that I follow Elijah to Alacrya in the hopes that he would still be alive so that I can save him. You would then probably going to respond by telling me that I shouldn’t even dream of it since I’d get killed as soon as I step foot...” I looked back at him and a truly rare moment dawned on me where I had no answer. “So what do I do?”
“Well I wouldn’t say you’d die as soon as you stepped foot,” the asura smiled slightly, hints of empathy evident in his usually cold voice. “But yes, it would be suicide. Luckily, the p.a.w.n the Vritra Clan had sent left before you arrived, otherwise they would be much more wary of you. As of now, they hold an interest in you enough for them to want you in their possession, alive, but if they find out that you actually have Lady Sylvia’s innate will as well as her daughter, then I’m afraid even the asuras will have a hard time keeping the two of you safe.”
“What am I to do then? Just give up on my best friend?” I countered. “I calculated the possibility of receiving aid from the Elf King and I also knew you’d help us escape, but even thus, there wouldn’t be a safe place for us to stay. Considering that the Council is working for the Vritra, I would either have to stay where my family is hiding, or burrow somewhere deep within the Beast Glades.
“Staying hidden with my family, I wouldn’t be able to train without revealing my mana signature to the lances, endangering my family and Tessia’s. If I choose to go to the Beast Glades, I most likely wouldn’t survive long enough to get any reasonable training done.” I thought of the echoes of the giant mana beasts that we pa.s.sed on our way here, and how even the lances were cautious enough not to brazenly mow through.
“You seem to have quite a good grasp on the situation at hand,” the asura acknowledged, giving me a terse nod. “How much have you managed to connect the Vritra with the Council?”
“Enough to reasonably suspect that the ones most closely connected to the Vritra were the Greysunders. The humans seemed to be favoring the opinion of the dwarves as well, but I have a hunch that they are reluctant,” I thought aloud.
“Impressive,” Windsom admitted. Sliding back his left sleeve, the asura looked at his watch. “Arthur it is about time we—”
“Who are you.” a voice interrupted.
Both Windsom and I turned our heads to see that it was Bairon.
“It seems he has finished taking care of things,” Windsom muttered softly to himself.
‘How did you get in here?” The lance’s eyes narrowed as his glance flickered between the asura next to me and the supposedly locked up dragon on top of my head. Despite how rash Bairon had acted with me, I realized that he was actually very cautious and level-headed under normal circ.u.mstance. He regarded Windsom with caution, not leaving any openings in his stance even when they were separated by a reinforced cage.
“I asked how you got in here,” Bairon growled, his eyes glued on the mysterious visitor. “Are you with the other intruder?”
“Yes,” Windsom replied indifferently, taking a step toward the lance.
“Then an explanation is no longer necessary.” Bairon raised his fist like a loaded cannon as the gathered electricity crackled and popped around his arm.
[Flash Ray]
I frantically jumped out of the way, upon knowing what was coming. Windsom had forgotten to remove the artifact strapped to my chest, disabling my mana flow. If I were to get hit with that spell, there wouldn’t even be ashes left to bury.
A condensed sphere of electricity shot out from the lance’s fist, disintegrating the reinforced metal bars as if it were tissue. However, Windsom stayed glued to his position as the spell rapidly approached him.
I braced myself for when the ball of lightning would collide with the asura, but as Bairon high-level magic reached Windsom, the asura simply reached up and caught the spell as if were a rubber ball.
I knew, undoubtedly, that Windsom would be able to handle the attack, but even I didn’t expect it to be done so easily.
Crushing the orb of condensed lightning in his palm, he turned to me, gesturing with a flick of his head. “Looks like we have our way out.”
I let out a snort of laughter, but before we could say anything else, Bairon had already reached Windsom.
“Child. There is no longer a reason for you to fight me,” Windsom said coolly as he easily dodged the barrage of strikes and kicks imbued with lightning. Unlike me, Bairon’s lightning magic seemed to mostly consist of external spells.
[Thunder Lance]

Bairon activated a spell in the midst of his attacks, conjuring five spears made of lightning to stab down at Windsom.
I had moved in the cell to avoid the brunt of their fight, but as I continued observing, it looked to me like Windsom was actually... bored.
“Enough.” With a simple flick of his arm that seemed slow in comparison to Bairon’s rapid succession of attacks, the lance’s face was buried in the ground. The entire cell shook as a spiderweb of cracks split the reinforced floor, Bairon’s sunken head being the epicenter.

From catching his spell to burying his face, Windsom was doing a fine job humiliating one of our continent’s strongest mage.
“Heel,” Windsom said impatiently as the lance struggled to free his head from the ground. Although Bairon’s face was scratched and a little b.l.o.o.d.y, he was otherwise unfazed.
“Bairon, stand your ground.” My ears perked at the familiar voice. It was Varay, the female lance that had encaged Sylvie, and was capable of going up against two lances herself.
“I don’t understand. He’s with the intruder!” Bairon spouted, turning to face his fellow lance.
“HE is a deity, not someone you can be addressing so flippantly!” Varay snapped back, her voice particularly cold. “My apologies, O’ Great One. Our King humbly asks for your presence.”
Despite knowing what Windsom was, it still stunned me to see Varay actually bow to someone. In comparison, Bairon had such a look of confusion that it was actually pretty amusing.
“D-Deity?” The lance stuttered stupidly.
“Correct. And now that you know what I am, ignorance is no longer an excuse,” Windsom answered, looking down harshly at Bairon. “Bow.”
By the way Bairon’s head slammed into the ground again, it looked like Windsom had done something to forcibly make him kneel, but it was a pleasant sight to see nonetheless.
We were led back to the room where my trial had taken place, except this time I wasn’t chained. Bairon had very reluctantly broken my shackles and removed the artifact inhibiting my mana flow after the whole fiasco ended.
A different guard from last time opened the door for us, revealing the people inside the room.
“W-Welcome.” King Blaine was the first to speak, rising from his chair. His complexion, along with Queen Priscilla’s, was almost sickly as they sat around an oval table that hadn’t been there previously.
Sitting adjacent to the human king and queen were Tessia’s parents, Alduin and Meralith, along with their hooded lance that delivered the note to me the night before . Both the King and Queen of the elves acknowledged me with an uncomfortable greeting, but otherwise stayed silent. Also sitting on the table was Director Cynthia, who wore a baffle expression to compliment her disheveled appearance.
When I locked eyes with the man sitting next to her, I unknowingly leaped back on guard. All of the hairs on my body stood on end as every fiber of my being begged for me to run away from the elderly man that had a single eye on his forehead.
“Arthur. It is okay,” Windsom consoled.
I found it odd that the Greysunders weren’t present, but the rest of the people inside of the room, minus the one person I didn’t know, rose up from their seat and gave a small, respectable bow to Windsom.
Acknowledging their gestures, he motioned for me to take a seat with him at the table. As I sat down next to Windsom, I could feel the gears in my head turning, trying to make heads of the situation at hand. Here I was, sitting next alongside the Council and their lances; Director Cynthia, who had been a prisoner sentenced to death; and a man, whose ident.i.ty I had no clue about.
There was a palpable tension in the room, enough to drive a normal person out of this room in sweat and fear. I had placed Sylvie on my lap during this time so I was currently petting her when I heard someone rise from their seat.
Unexpectedly, the one to get up was the man I had instinctively wanted to escape from. It seemed as if he had three eyes, yet two of them were closed. His white hair was tied in the back, reminding me of Virion when I had first met him.

“For those who do not know who I am”—the purple eye on his forehead focused on me—“I am Aldir.”
“Windsom and I have been sent here to give you lesser beings a chance of survival in the imminent war with the Vritra,” the asura continued without pause.
“So, just as we feared, there really will be a war...” Alduin spoke aloud as if he was simply voicing his thoughts.
“I have done the first step of discarding the corrupted. My role here now is to oversee the remainder of what you lessers call ‘the Council’ and instruct you on the necessary preparations to fight against the Continent of Alacrya.”
As soon as the word corrupted came out, both Blaine and Priscilla Glayder froze, their complexion becoming paler.
“Y-Your Majesty. If I may say something...” Blaine was the one to speak, and by the manner of his speech, it seemed that something must have happened to make the King appear so meek. “You have clearly shown us your capabilities, enough for me to believe that you are not someone of this realm. The difference in our abilities are to the point where I am unsure of why you would need us. Can’t you simply go to the Continent of Alacrya and defeat the Vritra?”
“What did that other asura mean by discarding the corrupted?” I leaned towards Windsom, whispering in his ear.
“The Greysunders have been eliminated and their lances are now under my control,” Aldir answered in Windsom’s stead.
Everything made sense. It seemed like the asura killed the ones working directly for the Vritra while leaving the Glayders with some sort of warning. That was why the human King and Queen were such a nervous wreck.
“And as for your point, King Glayder. Yes it would be simple enough to gather the asuras and personally fight against the Vritra. However, the Vritra Clan, along with the three other clans that are under their command were all former asuras that have broken our law. Even we can no longer calculate how much stronger they have truly become. Moreover, a battle of that magnitude will undoubtedly level the world. And that’s me being conservative,” Aldir continued as he faced the frightened King.
King Glayder responded with stunned silence as we all tried to imagine the magnitude of a battle that could sink continents.
Aldir continued speaking, “We asuras and the Vritra Clan had agreed upon a treaty where no higher beings can directly attack one another or interfere with any lesser beings. Instead—”
“Hold on. Doesn’t the fact that you killed two ‘lesser beings’ go against your words?” I cut in.
The asura’s glowing, purple eye narrowed as it peered into me, but after a brief moment Aldir’s lips curled into a smirk.
“Dicathen had received no direct aid from us asuras, but is now up against a population governed directly by Agrona of the Vritra. Even with my actions, he wouldn’t be rash enough to break the treaty for us simply evening out the playing field,” Windsom answered in Aldir’s stead.
“What of the black-horned demons that have been invading our land for years? One was even responsible for killing a lance!” I countered.
“You’re talking about the owner of this fragment?” Director Goodsky was the one to answer, holding up the black fragment of the horned being that killed Alea Triscan.
“Boy, I see it wasn’t a lie when Windsom said you are not simple. The being responsible for killing the lance, and the ones that have snuck into this continent are not asuras. Those monsters were once lesser beings such as yourself that have gone through countless experiments,” Aldir spat, obviously disgusted.
“So there are monsters that are not asuras capable of destroying the strongest mages in our continent? Is it even possible for us to win?” Merial Alduin, Tessia’s mother spoke for the first time.
“Yes, but they are limited and Agrona’s precious trump card in this war. Now that he knows of my presence, he will not dispatch them so recklessly as before.” Aldir sat back down, his whole body turned toward me.
“Think of me as a general in this upcoming war. It is for the asuras’ best interest that we are able to defend this continent. Now, Windsom, isn’t there something you and the boy have to do? I will take care of the rest here. We require countless preparations before we could defend ourselves”
Giving the three-eyed asura a nod, Windsom pulled me up, leading me and the sleeping Sylvie out of the room.
“Something we have to do, Windsom? Isn’t it important that we partic.i.p.ate in the discussion? Shouldn’t we be there in the room as well?” I asked as I followed the asura.
“That is not your fight. Aldir knows what he is doing and will do his best to prepare you lessers for the imminent war. When that time comes, if you do not want to be useless, we need you stronger.”
“Makes sense, so what are we going to do?”
“First, we’re going to visit your family. You will need to say your goodbyes to them.” The asura’s back was still facing me, making it unable to determine whether he was joking or not.
“Goodbyes? What goodbyes? Where will I be going?” I pulled back the asura’s arm, surprised as he turned around so easily.
“I’m taking you and Lady Sylvie to the homeland of the asuras. Your training will be held in Epheotus.”





Chapter 104
Chapter 104: The Great Eight
“Am I allowed to know all of this?” I questioned, removing a sharp branch out of my hair.
We were currently hiking through a familiar part of Elshire Forest after Windsom had teleported us nearby. It took me only a few moments upon arrival to realize that I had been to this part of the forest before with the Eralith family; we were headed towards Elder Rinia’s hideout.
“You have been given permission to stay in Epheotus so you will figure it out sooner or later. While memorizing the information that I’ve told you isn’t necessary, it is always beneficial for one to know the culture, mannerisms and politics involved when in unfamiliar territory. Especially if you have to interact with the important figures of said place.” Windsom advised, not bothering to turn around as he continued pushing branches and vines out of his way. “But I have a feeling that you already know the importance of that.”
“Of course,” I smirked. “But knowledge without understanding is but a sword stuck in its sheath. Now, you’ve told me the what, Windsom, but you’ve yet to tell me the why.”
“Very true,” he admitted. “Do not worry, we’ll get to that soon enough.”
I went on. “Okay, so there are sev... no, eight races of asuras in Epheotus. Each race consists of multiple clans, but only one clan within their respective race are t.i.tled as one of the High Eight?”
“The Great Eight,” the asura corrected immediately.
“What race was the Vritra Clan?” I tried to imagine multiple times in the past what sort of creature the Vritra Clan might be, with their horns and grey complexion, but nothing came to mind.
“The true form of the Vritra Clan is that of a fearsome serpentine asura called the Basilisk. It will be good for you to take note of the races and clan names of the Great Eight.”
“What became of the Basilisk race after the Vritra Clan and other Basilisk clans’ betrayal? I pressed on, swatting a particularly annoying insect that had probably thought my ear would make a good resting spot.
“Excluding the fact that the Vritra Clan was replaced by a lesser clan as part of the Great Eight, some of the more radical races pushed to annihilate whatever remained of the Basilisk race. Fortunately, the ties between each race reach far back in history; friends of the remaining Basilisk clans stood up for them. In the end, measures as drastic as a genocide were never taken; it would be foolish for a whole race to bear the crimes of a few, after all.”
I couldn’t discern what Windsom was thinking as he told me all of this. The inflection and tone of his voice didn’t match what he was saying, his words sounding almost sardonic.
“I see...” I continued walking, looking at my dirty boots crunching on fallen leaves and broken branches. “How were the Great Eight selected anyway?”
“The clans of the Great Eight have almost never changed. For example, even though the Dragon race has the fewest number of clans, the Indrath Clan, the clan of my master and Lady Sylvia, has been the part of the Great Eight since the beginning of our history. However, even to this day, the strength of the Great Clans are grades above the rest of the others. This is about the closest thing to an answer I can give you.”
We continued to rally back and forth as we made our way towards Elder Rinia’s hidden shelter, Windsom mostly quizzing me on the names I needed to know. I was able to process most of the information fairly quickly, but my sleep-deprived and starved state took a toll on my ability to retain information.
“Anyway, not to sound like a brat, but couldn’t you have brought us any closer? If you teleported us from an airborne castle in the middle of the Beast Glades to Elshire Forest, I’m sure you could’ve teleported us a few miles closer...”
“The home of the Diviner Elf that your family is currently taking refuge in is surrounded by a fairly large barrier that I did not wish to agitate. Teleporting through it might’ve caused a ripple in the barrier, which might give away the location of everyone inside.”
“Ah... my apologies then. I’m a little on edge in my current state,” I responded, scratching my head.
We had just gone through the waterfall that hid the entrance to Elder Rinia’s home when I spoke. “So let me get this straight. Agrona, current head of the Vritra Clan, led his race out of Epheotus to Alacrya, where he had been experimenting on the lesser races, and declared himself Eternal Ruler?”

“A rather tasteless t.i.tle to give to oneself but, in essence, yes,” the asura confirmed.
“Then this treaty that you guys talked about earlier; if the Vritra Clan, along with the other clans of the Basilisk race, are asuras, shouldn’t they be forbidden to directly act in this upcoming war?” I asked, trying to keep track of how many turns we took in this maze of a tunnel.
“Yes, but that was never the problem”—Windsom stopped walking and turned back towards me—“Arthur, didn’t you ever once wonder why the asura races didn’t just kill the Vritra Clan and the clans following them? There are seven other races after all.”
“Of course I have, but didn’t you say something about the consequences that would affect the lesser races that were living in Alacrya?”
“I did, but what I had not informed you of was that the treaty was not our first course of action. After Agrona and his follower’s escape, the Great Clans, excluding the Basilisk race, came together for the first time, regardless of factions, and formed an a.s.sembly of the leaders of each Great Clan. The leaders decided to send a small division with our elite asuras to quickly dispose of Agrona and his followers.” Windsom paused for a moment, and even with his stoic expression, it was obvious that he was deliberating on whether to express what was on his mind.
The asura eventually let out a small sigh and conjured a small barrier around us. “Arthur, what I’m about to disclose to you must stay with you; this information is known only by a few members of the Indrath Clan.”
I nodded, locking eyes with Windsom as I waited for him to continue.
“Everyone in Epheotus believe that Lady Sylvia was somehow captured and held prisoner somewhere, but it was actually Lady Sylvia who voluntarily went with the elite division tasked with killing Agrona Vritra and the clans that followed him.”
“What?” I exclaimed, my voice coming out a lot louder than I had meant it to. “How does that make sense? She went on a mission into enemy territory without knowing what to expect? That mission was basically suicidal. No way your master, Sylvia’s father, would’ve let her go.”
“Of course Lord Indrath didn’t allow her to go,” Windsom growled. “What I’m saying is Lady Sylvia concealed herself and followed after the elite division. By the time they were aware of Lady Sylvia’s presence, it was already too late to back out.”
There was a long pause before either of us spoke again.
“So what ended up happening to the asuras sent by the leaders of Epheotus?”
“What none of the leaders had expected”— Windsom’s face contorted in disgust as his hands formed a fist— “Agrona, that cunning snake, was waiting with an even larger army of Basilisks and lesser races that had the same innate magical abilities as them.”
It took only a moment for me to realize what his words implied. “The Vritra Clan was interbreeding with the lesser races of Alacrya,” I whispered.
The asura only nodded in return, before continuing. “Apparently, Agrona and his followers had been interbreeding for quite some time, seeing that there were well over tens of thousands of the mutts waiting for our battalion.”
“So the band of elite asuras you guys sent were outnumbered...”
“Tremendously outnumbered,” he stressed. “And the element of surprise that we thought our warriors would have had was rendered moot.”
“What befell them in the end?” I murmured, more so wondering myself than expecting an answer.
The asura shook his head in response. “Communication was lost soon after the battle started. While we are certain that their side took a considerable loss in numbers, we can only speculate that the brigade of our elite asuras, the pride of their respective clans and races, were either killed or captured.”
I was silent as thoughts on how Sylvia managed to escape filled my mind.
Windsom’s next words snapped me out of my daze. “Lord Indrath was furious after being told by Agrona himself that his only daughter had been killed in battle. If it had been up to him, my master would surely have waged war, ignoring the consequences. However, the rest of the Great Clans were against it and pushed for a treaty.” Windsom turned around and resumed walking again.

“The treaty was eventually formed between the two sides, forbidding the asuras to act directly because of the collateral damage it would cause if a full-scale war were to occur between the seven asura races of Epheotus and the Vritra Clan’s army of basilisks and lesser, half-breed mutts.” There was an obvious spite in his voice, but his expression had turned back to normal.
As I began thinking again, I realized how much of a disadvantage Dicathen was in. This treaty had been in place since generations ago, and even though it prohibited asuras and the half-breeds from directly partic.i.p.ating in the battles, who knows how many of the so-called ‘lesser races’ of Alacrya had blood of asuras mixed in with theirs.
I wanted to ask why the other asura races didn’t do the same and interbreed with the lesser-races, but if it took centuries for the mad genius Agrona to come up with a way to interbreed an asura with a lesser race, then the other races probably haven’t found a way how. I doubt that, even if they could, most would be against breeding with the lower races because of their own morals and pride.

“Wait. So the ancient six artifacts that you guys gave to the people of Dicathen...”
“Yes. It was our way of giving the people of this continent a sword and a shield. We knew that the powers and knowledge contained within those artifacts would ignite a revolution for your people. We were right, but we only found out through recent events that it hadn’t been nearly enough. It is Lord Indrath and the other Great Clans leaders’ wish that, with our direct intervention, we can equip the mages of this continent with enough strength to defend this continent from Agrona. We fear that if Agrona gets access to the inhabitants of this continent, the Vritra Clan will gain enough fighting power to overthrow Epheotus.”
“And this is where I come in. A stronger chess piece that the Great Clans can utilize to gain the upper hand in the upcoming war,” I sneered, crossing my arms.
“Well, I would think of it more as, us training you to defend your family and homeland,” Windsom countered, his lips curling upward ever-so-slightly.
“Meh, I prefer the mutual benefit over questionable acts of altruism anyhow,” I shrugged.
“I guess you still don’t trust us completely,” Windsom said, studying me with a curious eye before asking, “On a side note, how do you plan on informing your family of our... plans?”
“Don’t worry, Windsom. I thought a lot about how I should break it to my parents while I was in jail,” I winked, walking past the asura and toward the flickering fire-light coming from the end of the tunnel.
__________________________________________________________
As we approached the end of the tunnel, I could see the shadows of a few people surrounding a fire. I couldn’t help but smile at the sight of my large warrior of a father scrubbing dishes near the underground stream as Elder Rinia, my sister and my mother were concentrated on a simmering pot over the fire.
“Something smells delicious! Did you make enough for me?” I yelled out, causing everyone to whip their heads in my direction.
Each of them had a different reaction as they realized who it was that spoke. My father dropped the dented pan he was scrubbing, my mother and sister simultaneously bolted up from the makeshift chair that they were sitting on, while Elder Rinia simply gave me a meaningful smile as she continued peeling the potato in her hand. The only one that I didn’t see was Tessia, but I wasn’t sure if she was even here or not.
In seconds, I was wrapped in the embrace of my family as my mother and father checked my body for any signs of injuries while my sister’s gaze went straight toward the sleeping Sylvie in my arms.
“Is Sylvie okay?” She asked, concern laced in her voice as she held my bond in her arms.
“Your brother just escaped from prison and you don’t even ask if I’m okay?” I croaked, pretending to be hurt.
“Mm... you always seem to come back alive anyway,” she shrugged, focusing her attention back to Sylvie. This caused a snort of laughter from my father as my mother did her best to chastise my sister while trying to hide her smile.
I felt a sharp pang in my chest at my sister’s callous words. Where was the sweet child that stuck to me like glue and shed tears whenever she couldn’t see me? Is she already at the rebellious stage?
It seemed that someone had already informed my family that I would be visiting them soon, and going by expressions, I would bet that it was Elder Rinia.

My parents were interrogating me on the full details of what exactly happened, but stopped dead in their tracks all of a sudden.
The soft footsteps that echoed through the tunnel stopped behind me, and I took no hesitation in introducing the person.
“Everyone, this is the person that helped me through everything while I was imprisoned... and also my prospective master.”
I waited for some sort of reaction, but my parents and sister were still silent, frozen in place as their eyes were still glued to the figure behind me.
“Ahem, tone it down.” I turned behind me to see Windsom look at me in confusion before his eyes widened a bit in understanding.
“My apologies,” he replied, and the air around us changed back to normal. I had gotten used to the pressure the asura normally gave off, but to a normal mage, it would be suffocating.
My mother and sister fell on her knees while my father stumbled, barely keeping himself on his feet.
Elder Rinia, who was a bit farther away, stood up and gave a deep bow toward Windsom. I’m not sure if she knew his ident.i.ty, but she, at least, seemed to understand that the unknown person was not someone ordinary.
“Welcome to my humble abode. Please, make yourself comfortable.” The elderly elf spoke in a well-mannered, respectful tone that I’ve never heard her use before.
Windsom simply nodded in response, filling the tunnel with silence except for the crackling of the fire.
My father was the first to speak. “Firstly, th-thank you for helping my son. I know that he can be a handful.”
The asura actually let out a faint smile at this before speaking. “It seems your child has caused you many worries.”
“And will continue to do so in the future,” my mother finished as my father helped her and my sister back up. “But Arthur, what did you mean by prospective master?”
“Alice, your son just came back from a long journey. There’s plenty of time for this topic after he’s gotten something inside his belly,” Rinia scolded, ushering everyone back around the fire.
Thankful for the chance to finally eat something, I sat down, impatiently blowing on the hot stew to cool it down.
Windsom declined on eating but sat down with us as he idly looked at the fire. Once everyone had finished their meal, my father began informing us what had ensued on their side.
Virion had apparently taken Tessia and Lilia somewhere else to properly mend their injuries. The Helstea family followed him to look after their daughter, which explained why only my family was here. Elder Rinia teased that I would be able to reunite with her in a few days, which caused everyone to crack a smile.
Eventually, everyone had run out of things to chatter about idly, leaving the cave silent once again. I could tell my parents were now expecting my reply to their previous question.
Turning my gaze over to Windsom, he stared back at me, expecting the same thing. Scratching my head in a motion, that I felt had become a habit during awkward circ.u.mstances since coming to this world, I spoke up.
“Elder Rinia. Is it alright for me to speak to my parents in private?”
“Of course,” the diviner gave me a warm smile.
“What about me?” My sister chirped, still cradling my bond in her arms.
“Sorry, Ellie.” I shook my head as I headed inside the tent first.
My parents came in after me, looking a bit confused.
“Isn’t your master going to join in?” my father asked, looking back outside before closing the flap.
“There is something the two of you need to know of first.” The timbre of my voice and expression on my face silenced them from asking any more questions as they sat down in front of me.
“Before we begin, there’s something I’ve thought long and hard about telling you ever since coming to this world.”





Chapter 105
Chapter 105: When Ignorance Is Bliss
There was a lingering silence following my words as my parents tried to process what I had just said.
“Coming to this world? What do you mean, Honey? You were born here... I-I don’t understand,” my mother replied as she reached out to me. She held my hands tightly, as if she was afraid I would wisp away if she didn’t.
My father, on the other hand, stared at me silently, waiting for me to continue. Taking a deep breath, I squeezed my mother’s hand and spoke with a comforting smile.
“Of course I was born here, Mom; I’m yours and Dad’s very own flesh and blood. Trust me, I remember better than anyone else when I was born,” I chuckled, arousing another confused look from my parents.
“I was transported, reborn... I’m not quite sure exactly what, but something happened and I was taken from my world and brought into this one.”
“Wai-wait a minute, Son... you’re going to have to back up—”
“Art, what are you talking about? Another world? A-are you okay? Did your master tell you this? Where is this coming from?” my mother cut in as she scooted closer, examining my head... probably for signs of a concussion.
“No, Mom. My master doesn’t know this; no one but you guys know any of this. I don’t know the correct term for this ‘phenomenon’ either. I’ve thought about this for a while but my best guess is that it’s something akin to a reincarnation,” I explained.
“Arthur, did something happen to you after they took you away? Did they hurt you in some way? Come here, let me try and heal—”
“Honey, the boy is fine. Arthur, go on,” my father encouraged, but my mother persisted.
“No, Rey, our son is not fine. He’s spouting nonsense about another world and reincarnation. Art, let me—”
“Alice! Let the boy speak.” My father snapped in a voice I’ve never heard before, stunning both my mother and I.
So I explained...
I described the world that I came from, the role that I played there, and the relationships that I had with an excruciating amount of details to make sure that they knew I couldn’t have made this up.
Throughout it all, my parents stayed silent for the most part. My father would ask questions here and there, but his face remained expressionless. My mother, however, was obviously shaken up; her face pale, the trembling of her hands increased as my story progressed.

I couldn’t tell how much time had pa.s.sed, but by the fact that I felt mild pangs of hunger in my stomach, it seemed like I had been talking for several hours.
“King Grey...” my father mumbled, running his fingers through his hair as he leaned back in his chair.
“So the fighting, your talent in magic—”
“Yeah, the ki system in my old world worked similarly to certain aspects of mana in this world,” I finished for him. “And as for the fighting... you get the idea.”
“Then ever since you were born, you were able to understand what we were saying? You remember everything?” my father asked, letting out a deep sigh.
I simply nodded in response.
“Hehe...” my mother chuckled.
My father and I both turned our gaze to her. To our surprise, my mother started laughing. My father wrapped his arm around her, but she just glanced us delusionally.
“I-I get it. This is all a joke, right? Hehe... Oh, my son. Art, you almost got us there, right Rey?” she said, smiling. However, neither of us responded and her smile faded, her eyes searched for any cues that would confirm her belief. When she couldn’t, she grabbed my hand as she stared at me with a look of desperation.
“This is a joke... right? Arthur Leywin, tell me this is a joke. You can’t really be... some former king that died and was transported into the mind of my unborn child, right? RIGHT?”
“I... don’t know exactly what happened, but I’m not joking,” I replied, unable to look her in the eyes.
“No... No, no, no. This... No, this isn’t happening. Rey, don’t tell me you believe all of this? Our son is sick; something must’ve happened to him while he was gone — no, something definitely happened. Rey, say something! Say that our son is sick!” My mother grabbed onto my father’s arm, pulling on his sleeve as tears started rolling down her pale face.
“Honey...” Wrapping his arm around her shoulder, my father held my mother close to his chest. He looked up at me and motioned me to leave the two of them alone.
I wanted to hug my mother, tell her that I was still her son, but I couldn’t muster up the courage to do either. Opening the tent, I walked out without saying anything, leaving my parents alone.
Elder Rinia, Windsom and my sister all looked at me as I walked towards them, but the look on my face probably stopped them from asking anything. Even my pouting sister held her tongue as I sat down next to her and the slumbering Sylvie in front of the fire.
Time pa.s.sed slowly, with my mind feeling like it was trying to swim through a particularly viscous syrup.
Was telling them the right decision? What did they think of me now? Did they still think of me as their son, or would they inevitably grow distant...
Noises blended together incoherently and everything besides the fire that I was staring at grew out of focus. Yet, my head immediately snapped back when the sound of the tent flap opening reached me.

My father came out of the tent, suddenly looking a lot older than before. I had expected my mother to come out right after, but my father shook his head.
“Ellie, can you stay with your mother inside the tent?” he asked, motioning for me to follow him.
“Here you go. Feel better, you p.o.o.p.” My sister stuck her tongue out as she carefully handed me my bond. I couldn’t help but feel a smile tug back on my lips as I watched her skip towards the tent.

Placing Sylvie atop my head, I followed my father into the tunnel Windsom and I had arrived through. I concentrated on the sounds of our echoing footsteps until my father finally decided to speak.
“Your mother... she’s sleeping right now,” he announced with a sigh.
“Is she okay?” I kept a few steps distance from my father, watching as he idly kicked a pebble as he walked.
“She was... in quite shock, to say the least.”
“So you guys believe me?”
“Unless you’ve suddenly developed a fond taste for sick gags, you have no reason to lie to us about this. Besides, it all makes sense now: the early awakening, your brilliance as a fighter and a mage... it all makes sense,” he replied.
“Are you okay?” My eyes stayed glued to the pebble bouncing on the uneven ground.
“Of course I’m not!” my father exclaimed, turning around.
“This isn’t easy news to swallow, Arthur. All of the memories we had as a family in the past, was that all a facade of how you thought the son we wanted would’ve been? How am I supposed to act around you now? You were once technically older than me, yet you’re here as my thirteen-year-old son!” he continued, looking at me desperately for answers. “A-And your mother... your mother nursed you as an infant! She mothered a middle-aged man thinking he was her own son!”
I stood silent, unable to reply. Everything he said was true after all. My father’s fists were clenched so tightly that blood was dripping between his fingers. His expression was ghastly; from the trembling frown on his face to his furrowed brows, his emotions were clearly visible on his face. Fear, anxiousness, frustration, and confusion... they were all there.
“I’m sorry, but are you really our son, Arthur? Or did you take over the unborn baby that would’ve been our son during your reincarnation, or whatever it is that happened to you!” He blurted. His eyes widened immediately as he covered his mouth his hand.
“I-I didn’t mean that,” he stammered. Letting out a deep breath, he whispered, “I’m sorry, Arthur... I’m just very confused right now.”
“Like I said earlier... the truth is, I really don’t know. I don’t know who or what brought me to this world, and why it did. You’re right, Da... Reynolds. I could’ve killed the fetus inside... I don’t know how this ‘process’ that brought me here works,” I stated cooly, swallowing back something particularly hard in my throat.

He winced when I addressed him as Reynolds and was about to say something, but just closed his mouth.
“I didn’t want to keep hiding this from you guys, but now I’m questioning whether I made the right choice,” I murmured, letting out a dry laugh.
“This is what I wanted to tell you guys for so long, but never had the courage to. I wanted to say this before I left.”
“Left? You’re leaving?” my father responded.
“Yeah, and I think that under the current circ.u.mstances, it’ll be good to spend some time apart,” I went on, a certain aloof edge filling my voice involuntarily.
“...How long will you be gone?” My father asked.
“At least a few years.”
“That long, huh?” he replied as he stared down, no sign of him stopping me or forbidding me to go.
Turning around, my chest was aching and my head was throbbing with an intensity I had never experienced before. Humans... no matter how powerful we could potentially be, we were still so fragile.
“You know, I never had any memories of family in my old world. Growing up in an environment where no one truly loved me, and in turn, being calloused and distant to everyone made me an unrivaled fighter, but a c.r.a.ppy person. Ever since coming to this world, the two of you, and later Ellie, taught me something I had never known. I may not be the strongest fighter or mage in this world, but I’m h.e.l.l of better person now than I ever would’ve been in my previous life. I’m sorry for the hurt I caused. Thank you for making me a better man... and thank you for loving me as your son.” Still with my back facing my father, I headed back to where Windsom was. I simply walked on, hearing the m.u.f.fled sobs of my father as he stayed behind, I struggled to keep my own tears in as well.
I got back to the main cave to see Windsom and Rinia discussing something. Elder Rinia was holding onto something wrapped in a blanket, and I could’ve sworn that it moved, but I chose to ignore it. Windsom had just taken his hand off whatever was bundled inside the blanket and noticed me approaching.
“I see you’ve wrapped things up. Are you ready?” Windsom’s glittering eyes studied my expression carefully as he got up.
“Yeah, let’s go.”
“Wait, aren’t you going to say goodbye to your family?” Rinia chimed, setting down the blanket carefully on her seat.
“No need. I’ve already sorted out everything I needed to here. I leave them in your care.” I gave her a curt bow and was about to follow after Windsom when Rinia grabbed me. Her eyes glowed with a mysterious hue as I silently waited for her to speak when she suddenly placed her hands on my cheeks.
“Arthur, please. Your expression is frightening, it is unbefitting of someone as kind hearted as you. I can only begin to understand the gravity of the upcoming battles that lay ahead of you, but do not fall back to your old ways. You know best that the deeper you go into that pit, the harder it will be to climb back out,” she said as her eyes faded back to normal. Slapping my cheeks gently, she turned me around and nudged me towards Windsom.
“Now go. I’ll take care of things here,” she said with a soft smile.
Windsom retrieved a disk-like object far too large to fit in his pocket and dropped it on the ground. Then, the asura p.r.i.c.ked his finger and let a drop of his blood fall on the disk. Immediately, it expanded and shot out a column of light that reached the ceiling.
My mind was still on what Rinia had just said when I turned around to Windsom and asked, “Was there something wrong with my expression?”
“Your expression reminded me of the Pantheon Asuras of Epheotus. They are a race of fine warriors that have learned to close off their emotions in order to fight with the most efficiency. A very useful technique indeed,” Windsom nodded in approval. “Now, let us go. Are you sure you have tied your loose ends here? I need your full concentration once we’re in Epheotus.”
I glanced at the cave one last time before taking a deep breath.
“I’m ready.”
Hugging Sylvie tighter in my arms, I accepted Windsom’s hand as we stepped into the column of golden light.





Chapter 106
Chapter 106: Logic’s Biggest Foe
REYNOLDS LEYWIN’S POV:
I hated myself for what had happened. A part of me wished I had told Arthur that it was okay... that he was still family.
But a bigger part of me, the part that I hated, wished he would’ve just never told us.
I had known since early on in Arthur’s life that he was different. He had always been much more composed and mature for his age, and even when he acted his age, it seemed... rehea.r.s.ed. Since early on, his actions always displayed a certain sense of foresight; there was always a reason he did something, a goal or plan of some kind.
Maybe due to that, I was so caught up on his reason for telling us this. Wouldn’t it have been better for everyone, even for himself, if he had kept it a secret? What was the reason? What was his goal?
Why was it so hard for me to accept this? Was it because it went against my own pride? My own selfish pride that maybe, just maybe, I had sired and raised a genius that only came once in a millennium?
The signs were always there. His strange behavior from an early age, his unexplainable prowess as a swordsman and talents as a mage.
Again... Did I subconsciously choose to ignore all of those signs so I can maintain my petty ego? Deciding just to accept the fact that that my own flesh and blood, my... son, could be so b.l.o.o.d.y impressive.
I couldn’t help but laugh at myself at how difficult it was to say ‘son’, such a simple term of endearment.
It took me a while to drag my sorry feet back to the cave. Looking around, the only one I could see was Elder Rinia, who was cradling something by the fire. I glanced at the tent my wife and daughter was in, but for some reason I couldn’t bring myself to go inside. Instead, I sat down next to our benefactor.
“He left, you know.” The aged elf’s eyes remained glued to the bundle of blankets she was cradling in her arms as she spoke.
“I figured,” I sighed, feeling like a child being scolded.
“I was afraid of the day when he would tell you.”
“Y-you knew, Elder Rinia?” I peeled my eyes off of the fire and turned to the elf seated next to me.
“I see many things, but only for that boy do I have to grind my old head to try and piece together what is in store for him.” She met my gaze, her eyes dim with weariness.
“Heh, he’s hardly a boy,” I scoffed, leaning forward as I got lost in the flames dancing in front of me.
“Bah! He’s still a child to me, much like how you’re still a child as well,” Elder Rinia chortled back. Leaning back carefully in her seat, she continued. “I always found it amusing... the preconceptions people have about age and intelligence: The older someone is, the more wisdom he or she should possess, and the more intelligent someone is, the more logical he or she should be. Pair those two traits up, and the intelligent senior should be some cold, calculating shrewd... don’t you agree?”
Noticing my puzzled expression, she revealed a soft smile and gently set down the bundle she was holding and leaned closer to me.

“Do you see me as a cold, calculating shrewd?” The aged elf gave me a wink.
“No, of course not. But... I don’t get what this has to do with Arthur,” I stammered back, caught off guard.
“Weren’t you wishing Arthur would’ve just kept his mouth shut? That you would feel better ignorant of who the boy really is? I bet you were also wondering why the boy told you in the first place, right?”
Before I had the opportunity to reply, the aged elf poked me softly in the chest... right where my heart was.
“The heart remains the brain’s biggest foe. Well actually, for men, the brain’s most formidable foe is probably...” Elder Rinia’s gaze dropped below my waist. When I realized where she was referring to, my immediate instinct was to cross my legs, but I soon found myself laughing alongside the old elf.
Elder Rinia straightened up and continued. “As I was saying, emotion—the heart— constantly clashes against things like validity, efficiency, utility... anything logical. That’s what gets us hurt or even killed, yet, we can’t seem to help it. It makes us lesser as an individual, but greater as a group.”
“So... Arthur was running more on emotion than logic when he told us this?”
“Bah! How could I know what he’s thinking?” She shook her head, “I do know this, though. I’ve known the boy since he was a mere toddler in this world and he’s come a long way since then. Much of that cold sh.e.l.l of his has slowly melted. Perhaps his ‘coming out’ was a large step he had to take to break out of that sh.e.l.l he once found safety and comfort in.”
Elder Rinia got up and stretched painfully before handing me the bundle of sheets she had been cradling. “Hold on to this for me so that I can prepare some food for your wife. I suspect she won’t have much of an appet.i.te but she still needs to care for her body.”
“Thank you, Elder. What is this, anyway?” I bowed slightly before asking.
“Arthur’s master only told me it was a gift for the Leywin family.” There was a mysterious grin on her face causing me to be helplessly curious as to what it could be.
After carefully peeling away the layer of blankets, I couldn’t help but gape.
It was a mana beast, an infant mana beast to be more precise. The small bear-like creature was dark brown except for two dark spots above its eyes that made the beast look like it was scowling and a tuft of white fur on its chest.
“Awww! So cute! Papa, what is it? Can I keep it?” Ellie’s sudden exclamation startled me, nearly making me drop the mana beast.
“Honey, you scared me! And, I’m not sure if”—just then, the mana beast woke up and locked eyes with my daughter—“it’s a good idea...”
My voice trailed off as both my daughter and the beast’s eyes began glowing a faint gold. I sat still, witnessing what I could only a.s.sume to be the bonding process. I had yet to bond with a mana beast, but both Arthur and Ellie now have.
I sighed to myself, bitterly acknowledging the fact that it would be better for my daughter to have a bond to protect her as the image of me riding atop a mighty bear mana beast into battle slowly crumbled.
The glow subsided from both their eyes as a gold insignia imprinted itself onto my daughter’s right collar bone.
The bear-like mana beast stretched out its arms, as if wanting to be picked up by Ellie, and let out a soft whine.
“Hehe! I’ll name you Boo,” my daughter giggled as she picked up the mana beast.

“B-Boo?” I sputtered, imagining the ferocious mana beast it’ll grow up to be being called something so cute.
“Yup! Because the black spots make him look like he’s always mad! So, Boo!” she declared.
“Let’s go help out Grandma, Boo!” My daughter skipped off, just to stop and turn around. “Oh, right! Papa, Mama is awake.”

I immediately got out of my seat and made my way to the tent. Elder Rinia’s tent was much larger inside than it appeared to be from the outside. Quietly stepping into our room that was separated by another flap, I smiled when I saw my wife sitting up.
“How are you feeling?” I gently asked, taking a seat next to her.
“How long have I been sleeping for?” she groaned, rubbing her temples.
“Only for a few hours.” I put my arm around her and pulled her close so she could rest her head on my shoulder.
“W-Where’s Arthur? Is he... gone?”
“Yeah.” I held her tightly as she began trembling.
“Am I a terrible person, Rey?” she sniffed.
“No, you’re not. Why would you ask that?”
“I-I called Arthur sick. I didn’t take him seriously when he told us his secret... I didn’t want to take it seriously!” She looked up at me, the corner of her eyes filled with tears.
“That’s normal. I wouldn’t trust anyone who could easily accept what Arthur had told us,” I consoled, gently running my fingers through her hair.
“Then am I a terrible person for doubting whether Arthur is our son?”
“...”
I wanted to tell her no, but how could I when I called myself terrible for thinking the exact same thing? The pain and hurt I’ve been feeling ever since learning the truth about Arthur was from the selfish desires and dreams I placed on the child I called my son. Alice was the one who actually birthed Arthur. She went through the stress, discomfort and pain of pregnancy for nine months before enduring the agony of labor. She nursed him, fed him, took care of him when he was sick and taught him the ways of this world. Now, everything she knew about the child turned out to be a lie...
I bit my quivering lip, trying to keep silent.
I needed to be the strong one...
I needed to be the one that my wife could rely on...

“I’m sorry,” my wife suddenly whispered. Her head was still leaning against my shoulder so I couldn’t tell what sort of expression she had.
“You did nothing to be sorry about, Honey. We... we just need time to sort out our feelings. Arthur knew this, which was why he told us before he had to leave.”
“How long will he be gone for?” she asked. I might’ve been hearing wrong, but my wife’s voice sounded somewhat brusque as she asked.
“He said a few years,” I replied, expecting Alice to be surprised. Instead, she gave me a slight nod as she muttered, “I see.”
“Alice, what’s wrong?” I pulled my wife an arms length away, trying to get a better look at her face. Her eyes were dull, almost lifeless, as she refused to make eye contact with me.
“I wonder what our son would’ve been like if Arthur hadn’t taken over?” she mumbled looking at the ground.
“A-Alice... please don’t say that. Don’t ask something like that,” I said, my voice coming out in a sort of whimper.
“Would he have been courageous and outgoing like you? Or maybe he would’ve been a bit more careful and shy like me...” she continued, tears rolling down her cheeks.
“H-Honey, don’t. Just don’t...” Tears began rolling down my face despite doing all I could to steady my voice. “Arthur is... Arthur...”
“Arthur is what? Our son?” My wife met my eyes and I could see how desperate she was... how lost she was. “If you haven’t noticed, Rey, not once have we referred to Arthur as our son since we started talking!”
I specifically remembered opening my mouth, trying to refute, but no argument came out; no sound, no words... only silence.
I took a deep breath and wiped the tears off of my wife’s face before speaking. “Just as it is for you, It’s hard for me to confidently call Arthur our son. Hopefully, that’ll change the next time we see him, but Alice, it doesn’t change the fact that we have considered him family for over thirteen years now. We laughed, we fought, we celebrated, we shed tears together. Isn’t that what brought us close? Not the blood running through us, not who we once were in the past, but what we went through together?”
Embracing my wife tightly, I continued talking. “Remember when Arthur sacrificed his life for you in the mountains on our way to Xyrus? He did that expecting to die that day. You know very well he wouldn’t have done something like that if he didn’t consider you important. So don’t dwell on the ‘what if’s and let’s try to accept what’s happening around us.”
I could feel my wife trembling in my arms as she broke down and cried. I now remembered where I recognized that dull, lifeless look Alice had in her eyes. It was the same look she carried after we thought Arthur had died. It was her trying to escape reality.
We sat there for a while in each other’s arms until our tears ran dry and our sobs were reduced to soft whimpers.
“Alice, you’re not a horrible person. Believe me, I’ve thought worse than you. But it is going to take us time to wrap our heads around this...” My voice trailed off as I held my wife’s face and gazed deeply, studying every detail of the woman I loved.
“S-stop staring. I must look disgusting right now,” she croaked, her voice hoa.r.s.e from crying.
“You’re beautiful,” I stated while staring at her puffy red eyes and runny nose.
My wife softly closed her eyes and leaned forward. I pressed my lips gently against hers when Ellie’s voice rang just outside the tent.
“Mama! Are you feeling better now? Let me show you Boo!”
“Now now, come play with Grandma. Your parents are... resting, yes resting!” Elder Rinia’s voice rang just outside the tent as well.
“Aww, okay. Come on, Boo. Let’s play with Grandma!”
Alice and I locked eyes in what felt like a long time and she finally smiled.
“What is this ‘Boo’ that Ellie is talking about?” my wife asked, raising a brow.
“I’ll tell you later.” Shooting her what I supposed to be a wink with my swollen eyes, I wiped another stray tear from her face and resumed where we had left off.





Chapter 107
Chapter 107: A Grudging Tolerance
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
I wasn’t sure what I was expecting out of a land inhabited by beings that were basically considered G.o.ds to us. For some reason, in my imagination, grand and fantastical lands were always constructed out of gold, diamonds or some other precious material.
In my old world, even the homes of the most influential figures were designed with the intention of practicality more than anything else. The most important figures were mostly warriors after all, and our tastes were rather simple. Things like furniture made from the hides of precious beasts were unnecessary and only sought after by the rich merchants and politicians whose sense of self-worth were directly proportional to their wealth.
Thus, exiting from the golden column of light and stepping into the realm of asuras could only leave me wide-eyed and breathless.
My mood was sour and I was still wallowing in regret over the recent decision I had made, but one glance at the land Sylvia and Windsom had come from was all it took for me to temporarily forget about my troubles and future hardships I would have to endure.
It felt as if I had been transported to a different planet; a planet where it wasn’t the inhabitants that had constructed the buildings and manors, but one where the earth and land forged itself to be worthy enough to be resided in.
The towering castle in front of us seemed to have been birthed from the earth itself as there were neither signs nor indications that it had been shaped or molded. Sophisticated designs and runes made from what looked like precious minerals covered the walls of the castle that stood high enough to be seen from kilometers away. The trees bent and tangled together in arches to create a corridor that led to the entrance atop a bridge, shimmering in an array of translucent colors.
Peeling my eyes off the castle itself took a great effort, the iridescent bridge was no easier, but I was finally able to at least collect myself enough to take in my surroundings.
Windsom had transported us on top of a mountain cluttered with trees that reminded me of cherry blossoms. The familiar trees were in full bloom, with shimmering pink petals that seemed to dance as they floated down to the ground. The vibrant bridge that stretched out in front of us led to another mountain of which the castle seemed to have been carved from. Evidently, the mountain was pretty high up as the clouds covered everything underneath the bridge, with two mountain peaks that stuck out like two islands in an ocean of hazy white.
“Welcome to Epheotus, or more specifically, the Indrath Clan’s castle.” Windsom walked towards the castle, stepping on the bridge of precious minerals that any mortal king would wage wars for, before glancing back and beckoning me to follow.
Taking a deep breath, I trailed behind the asura, carefully placing my right foot on top of the incandescent surface of the bridge. The bridge was semi-translucent like stained gla.s.s.. As I stepped on the structure, a deep feeling of fear washed over me, which was a surprise since I have never had a fear of heights. It might’ve been due to the fact that there were no supports holding up the bridge that easily spanned a couple hundred feet.
“Indrath Clan? You mean we’re at the home of Sylvia’s family?” I asked. I had decided to trust in the colorful bridge rather than imagine what would happen if it were to abruptly break. Walking alongside Windsom, we made our way towards the castle.

“Yes. Lord Indrath had commanded that I bring you and Lady Sylvie to him upon arrival,” the asura replied. I found it amusing seeing the usually cool and aloof Windsom smoothing out the creases on his robe anxiously.
“Any last tips before meeting this almighty lord of lords?”
“Unfortunately, even I do not know what to expect; this situation is rather peculiar after all,” he answered, tidying his hair.
Letting out a sigh, I glanced down at Sylvie sleeping in my arms. I was beginning to grow worried by how much she slept, the only thing comforting me being her rhythmic breathing.
The doors to the monstrous castle were just as proportionately terrifying. They were tall, not just to a thirteen-year-old boy, but tall enough to admit giants and... well... dragons.
“There aren’t any guards or watchmen?” I asked, looking around the open doors.
“Of course there are. They were watching us while we were crossing over the bridge. Now come, we shouldn’t keep Lord Indrath waiting.”
As I stepped off the bridge and into the castle, the feeling of angst went away, instead I was drenched in cold sweat at the realization that it wasn’t the height of the bridge that had scared me but whoever, or whatever, had been watching me as we crossed it.
The interior of the castle didn’t disappoint as it was just as magnificently crafted as the outside. Ceilings were unnecessarily high with arches that looked to have been carved out of the mountain. The walls themselves were adorned with intricate detailing, as if they told a story. Yet, considering how large the castle was, it was eerily quiet.
“This way. The Indrath Clan is waiting for you.” Windsom seemed to be on edge as he kept fixing some part of his attire while we walked.
“Wait, the entire clan is waiting for us?”
“Yes, now please, let us hurry,” the asura sighed, as he went ahead of me into a particularly intimidating corridor.
Again, shivers ran down my spine, but this time, I was able to see the source. At the end of the corridor, were two figures guarding the door. I wasn’t able to make out much of their appearance as they were shrouded in darkness from the shadows cast by the corridor’s lights. However, my instincts had already kicked in, desperately trying to convince me to run as far away as possible from these two shadowed figures.
I was reminded of the time I was in front of the Elderwood Guardian, however, I had a feeling that in front of those guards, the S cla.s.s mana beast that I almost died to would only be cannon fodder.
Windsom and I eventually approached them. Reaching the door, I was now able to discern the two guards’ features. One was a female with an amiable expression on her face. She looked rather tomboyish with her green hair cut short to just underneath her ear, but the distinct curves noticeable below her light leather armor showed otherwise. The man next to her looked much fiercer, with sharp eyes and a scar that jaggedly cut crossed his cheek. The only visible weapon I noticed on either of them was a short dagger strapped to each of their waists.

“Elder Windsom. I see you finally brought the human boy,” the female guard grinned. The male guard stared at Sylvie and looked up at me in a studying gaze. “Is it appropriate for a human child to be carrying the Princess?” he asked disapprovingly.
“Let it be, Signiz. They are bonded,” Windsom dismissed. “Now... are you guys going to let us in or not?”
The two guards looked at each other briefly before giving Windsom a brief nod. As the two of them faced the door, the aura they emitted increased significantly, enough for it to be nearly palpable. Only a few seconds had pa.s.sed but beads of cold sweat rolled down my face as my breathing became shallow and jagged.

The two guards each held onto one of the door handles and pulled it open. I could only imagine how heavy it was since the two guards were struggling to pry it apart. Finally, with a loud clack, the towering door slid open, revealing what I a.s.sumed to be the Great Hall... and staring right at me, seated on a blazing white throne, was a man who looked to be no older than twenty.
Windsom immediately stepped past me into the room and kneeled.
“My Lord,” the asura addressed, bowing his head. Lord Indrath wasn’t what I had expected him to be like in the least. He had a cool, almost mellow feel to him, sporting a silvery cream-colored hair that was neither long nor short. He would be considered an attractive man by any means, but he wasn’t exceptionally stunning either. I couldn’t really tell what his build was underneath his white robe but he didn’t look particularly robust. His eyes reminded me too much of Sylvia for my comfort, but while Sylvia’s eyes were still compa.s.sionate, his were hard. Lord Indrath’s eyes were purple as well, but even from here, I could see the colors change shades.
Realizing that I had been staring for far too long, I followed suit and kneeled as well. While my head was down, though, I couldn’t help but peek around the room. Standing to the side of the great hall were figures of all ages and sizes staring at me, some disdainful like the prior male guard, while others with simple curiosity.
Each of the figures that were standing around Windsom and I emanated auras that would make even the most powerful mages in Dicathen faint and froth in the mouth, yet, the man seated on the throne that burned in a shimmering white fire emitted none. Even after trying to consciously sense him, I couldn’t even feel his presence. Even with the fact that I was able to see him, I had trouble believing he actually existed if my eyes weren’t directly focused on him.
“Stand.” His voice soft and silvery, yet sharp like a knife in a way that it was both gentle and imposing. Rising to our feet, we walked towards the throne, with Sylvie still in my arms. I could feel the eyes of everyone following me, judging my every movement. I was reminded of when I was still an orphan fetching groceries for our house at a nearby market. It felt much like how the adults looked at me then, the glares and blatant disgust as if I was some sort of disease that they needed to avoid.
Seconds slowly ticked by as we waited for the man on the throne to speak, yet he only stared wordlessly at me and Sylvie with an expression I couldn’t interpret.
My eyes hadn’t left Lord Indrath as he had been studying me so when I felt Sylvie in my arms suddenly disappear and reappear in his arms, my immediate reaction was a clumsy and baffled astonishment.
“What the?!” I spouted. I reflexively tried to reach out for my bond until Windsom placed his hand on my shoulder.
“What. Am I not allowed to hold my own granddaughter?” Lord Indrath retorted, holding Sylvie in one hand. Lifting her up so he was eye-level, Lord Indrath turned her around while inspecting every angle of my sleeping bond.

“I see you have done nothing to train her. Her mana levels are insultingly low, and by how she’s in a hibernating state right now, it seemed that you had strained her.” Lord Indrath’s eyes narrowed and pierced through me, only my pride keeping me from taking a step back.
“My apologies, My Lord. I should have trained Lady Sylvie while I was in Dicathen. If it is to your liking, I can start her training now as well.” To my surprise, Windsom had defended me, bowing once again in front of the creamy-haired man on the throne.
“No need. I will personally look after... Sylvie,” Lord Indrath dismissed, shaking his head. With that, a wave of surprised gasps and soft murmurs filled the great hall as the other members of the Indrath Clan whispered to one another excitedly.
Placing a finger gently between Sylvie’s eyes, Lord Indrath mouthed something inaudibly. His eyes glowed, and suddenly Sylvie jolted awake, her eyes glimmering in the same shade of purple as her grandfather’s.
“Kyu?” ‘Papa? Where am I?’
The nostalgic voice that I hadn’t heard in days filled my head. Sylvie was obviously confused by the unfamiliar scene and by the fact that a man she had never seen was holding her so intimately.
‘We’ve come a bit far away, Sylv. How are you feeling?’ I transmitted back, a smile forming on my face.
‘Sleepy~ Can I go back to sleep, Papa?’ I could see Sylvie’s eyes struggling to stay open as she blinked wearily before fully closing.
“Lord Indrath. Win... Elder Windsom had already explained to me what is needed of me, but he has yet to fill me in on why exactly I was to be brought here. If it is simply for training purposes, isn’t some remote dungeon in Dicathen a suitable place?” I asked, impatiently waiting for him to hand me back my bond.
“I have deemed you a necessary piece that will help us against Agrona and his army. I take it that you have already understood the mutual benefit in winning the approaching war, yes? Having said that, it will be the most beneficial to have several specialists to help Windsom in training you during your stay here. Think of it as an honor since only the most talented of the younger generations would get the training that you will get.”
“How will you know when the war will be approaching? How much time do we even have?” There were way too many uncertainties for me to be able to comfortably train.
“That is for me to worry about. Focus on your training and I will notify Windsom when it is time for you to go back to your homeland. That is all,” Lord Indrath replied, signaling to Windsom to take me away.
“Wait, what about Sylvie?”
“She will stay with me until her training is over,” he said matter-of-factly.
“What? How long will that take? I won’t be able to see her until then?”
Lord Indrath’s brow twitched impatiently as he simply shooed us away with his hand. Before I could respond, Windsom squeezed my arm tightly, dragging me out of the great hall.
After pa.s.sing the two guards I angrily shook my hand out of Windsom’s grasp. “What was even the point of that meeting? I went in there to have Sylvie s.n.a.t.c.hed away and be looked down on by all of the Indrath Clan? That was humiliating!”
Letting out a sigh, Windsom replied, “The relationship between you and the asuras is very peculiar and could only be summed up as... let’s say... a grudging tolerance. The very fact that we have no choice but to rely on a lesser being is a wound on our pride. Do not worry, both you and Lady Sylvie will not be mistreated. Like Lord Indrath had mentioned, you are important to us.”
“I’m pretty sure he said ‘necessary piece’,” I scoffed, stepping back onto the bridge we previously crossed.
Windsom’s lips curled into a faint smile. “Come, there are some people I want you to meet.”





Chapter 108
Chapter 108: Ones Closest To G.o.ds
“No! I said left foot out at a forty-degree angle. Your center of gravity should be aligned with your right heel since that is your pivot foot, do you understand, stray?” The instructor had just cracked his whip to get me in proper position as he went around the cla.s.s.
Gritting my teeth, I silently obeyed, adjusting my left foot to comply with my instructor’s flawed technique. If I hadn’t, it would only mean a delay in whatever sc.r.a.ps of dinner we were given since we weren’t to be fed until everyone had perfectly gone through the stances and forms from the day’s lessons.
Days at this “inst.i.tution” had consisted of eight hour combat training, which I found somewhat flawed, then meditation to nurture our ki centers for around ten hours after. The remaining six hours were split amongst eating, washing and sleeping. Students whose centers had developed enough to learn ki techniques were separated from the rest of the group and placed into specialty cla.s.ses depending on their apt.i.tudes.
Those that were not able to awaken their ki centers were to be “relocated”, of which I had later realised that it really meant ‘to be disposed of’. For me, I had followed the instructor’s training regimen to the bone for the allotted eight hours. During the time given for meditation, I would sleep for the remaining two hours after actually only meditating for the first eight, using the time we were given to sleep to unlearn all of the garbage that the instructors had regarded as martial art and train in my own techniques.
The only useful information that the instructors had taught us were the vital spots in a human; the weak points. Their techniques were a brutish, senseless way of trying inflict damage to those points without any regard to how the opponent might react. They taught in a way where, as long as one follows the proper steps, the user will reach their target and inflict pain on him or her. Like I said... senseless.
I hid the fact that my ki center had been cultivated enough to learn ki techniques for as long as possible sinceI knew that once I advanced to the higher level cla.s.ses, it would give me less time for me to train on my own. My one stroke of luck at that time, I admit, had been stumbling upon a ki technique book for hiding the user’s presence. I had engulfed the words in that book like it was fresh water in a barren desert. The technique manual was a low grade one, but I had practiced the technique to such a degree that it provided me with the ability to sneak into the library where they held all of the ki techniques.
Now that I think back, I probably wasn’t that tall in my previous life due to the fact that I had only slept for eight to ten hours a week because of how much time I had spent reading and practicing the techniques. I knew it would’ve been useless for me to try and learn all of the techniques, so I had narrowed it down and studied only the ki arts that would most benefit me in the long run.
I’ve realized that, while the library had been secured, it wasn’t really heavily guarded; the reason being that, even if a student were to have trespa.s.sed inside, they wouldn’t have been able to figure out on their own how to learn the techniques. Much like the manual I had stumbled upon for hiding the user’s presence, the other ki technique manuals had been filled with terms and jargon that no orphaned child or teenager would’ve known.
That means, all I had to go off on to learn the techniques were the crudely drawn pictures that showed the necessary steps in learning and using the ki art.
It didn’t strike me then, but reflecting back on it now, it would’ve been easy to discern that I was nothing short of being a prodigy. Just by studying the pictures of the man (I’ll name the man Joe.) demonstrating the steps for the ki art, I was able to grasp how the ki was supposed to flow inside my body to properly execute the technique.
The first ki art I had learned after breaking into the library was a series of ki enhanced footwork techniques that I had practiced until the soles of my feet almost showed my bones. The technique looked like a tap dance sequence without proper ki flow, but once I had managed to input the proper flow of ki into the appropriate appendages at the appropriate time, I was able to evade, reposition, sneak behind, basically teleport within a limited range.
I still remember using that ki art, the technique I mastered and fine-tuned to make it even better, to defeat the same instructor that had whipped me so many times for no good reason.

The look on his face when I had my wooden sword pressed against his sweating neck, I can still vividly recall. His wide, astonished eyes shaking as his mouth hung agape trying to string together words to form a petty and convenient excuse that would allow him to save some face.
Even as I was on the road to become King, the foot technique that I had mastered and made my own left me with nicknames like Untouchable, G.o.dSpeed, Mirage, etc.
However, when I had come to this world, there was little use for it once my mana core advanced enough. I was hardly within range to use the technique that I had once relied so heavily on and it seemed so much simpler to just conjure a wall to block whatever projectile was hurled towards me. With mana being so abundant and all, I had never needed to regulate and control my mana output.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Present
It’s amusing how the human brain recalls moments of the past. All the memories that the person wishes to forget is somehow ingrained even deeper into the hippocampus.
This seemingly ancient memory of my previous childhood times had been suddenly evoked as if my life flashed before my eyes just as a simple low sweep from my opponent’s kick shattered both of my legs simultaneously. As I collapsed onto the ground, I failed to dodge another sharp jab that dislocated my right shoulder. I was all but defenseless as I shifted glances between the man who had overwhelmed me to such an enormous degree and my severed left arm that he had in his hand.
Windsom had told me that the pain felt in this domain was greatly diminished. If that was truly the case, how much more agonizing would these wounds be if It actually happened to me?
The one responsible for my current mortal injuries approached me with a mixed expression, giving me a terse nod as he snapped his fingers. “Enough,” he said as the world faded into black. And, like that, I was awake again with all of my limbs attached and unbroken.
I immediately crumpled to all fours and hurled the remainder of my last meal as I heaved for breath. My vomit immediately dissipated in the small sapphire pond I had been meditating in. I wasn’t sure if I was wet because of the magical liquid that I was surrounded in or because of the profuse amount of sweat and grime that I had discharged from the stress.
“No, let me continue,” I managed to choke out in between gasps.
“The human boy has admirable willpower. How much time has pa.s.sed, Windsom?” the same deep and controlled voice as the one that had broken most of the 206 bones in my body asked calmly.
“About five minutes have pa.s.sed out here,” Windsom said tersely.
“So roughly an hour has pa.s.sed for us in there.” The lean man with a shaved head remarked in a way that was neither disappointed nor proud, just matter-of-factly. I regarded the two asuras’ conversation with a weary curiosity while wiping vomit off of my lips.
“Again,” I demanded desperately, sitting back up in the meditative posture Windsom had taught me in the middle of this sacred pool.

The shaved-headed asura nodded approvingly and sat down facing me in the exact same position as I was in and traded glances with Windsom, signaling him to start.
Once again, the glowing sapphire liquid rose up around us and enveloped the asura in front of me and myself. I was soon engulfed in the familiar scorching sensation that had overwhelmed me the last few dozen times we did this, and again, my vision had darkened as I waited anxiously for myself and the asura to reappear in the h.e.l.l that is the mental training facility where I had just been killed
My thoughts slowly trailed back a few hours before all of this, when we had just left the Indrath Clan’s castle.

Upset would be a mild way of describing my state of mind after Lord Indrath had decided that I wasn’t fit to see or even communicate with my own bond during the period of our stay. He made it explicitly clear that my presence would hinder the progress of Sylvie’s recovery and training.
It was on odd feeling being separated so entirely from Sylvie. Usually, even when my bond was sleeping, I would still feel her presence. Suddenly having that yanked away again just like that time in the Widow’s Crypt dungeon made me feel empty, almost as if a limb had been pulled off.
“Come, there are some people I want you to meet,” the asura paused and then went on. “Well, just one person specifically I want you to meet, for now.”
Even after crossing the bridge, Windsom did little to explain the location of our training grounds, keeping mostly silent as we scaled down the steep mountain. As we climbed down, the atmosphere drastically changed. Color was lost as we were surrounded by a dreary canvas of grey stones and rotten woods. The sea of clouds that seemed so far down was now just above us, and it seemed that the layer of haze was the border between heaven and what felt like purgatory.
We must’ve intentionally trekked down the steepest side of the mountain since we were vertically climbing down most of the time. Windsom had vaguely explained to me how the use of mana arts to venture down was forbidden; something to do with tradition and being worthy. Because of this tradition, the journey that would have taken us minutes elongated into hours.
“We’re here,” Windsom announced evenly with no sign of fatigue inside this zone of increased pressure and low air density. He was staring intently at a dead root that jutted out of the crevice between two stones.
“We’re going to train here?” I muttered in between breaths, staring at the insignificant root that Windsom seemed so fixated on.
“Hold on to my hand,” he replied, ignoring my question as he reached out towards me.
As soon as I had a grip on his hand, the asura yanked me towards him, swinging me towards where the root was stuck. Before I even had the time to yell out in surprise, however, the scene changed and I was in some sort of small cave, the same cave that I was in now.
Windsom appeared behind me shortly after, and took the lead, heading towards the glowing pool that I had been staring at.

“It’s good to see you again, Kordri,” Windsom suddenly greeted to no one in particular.
“It is nice seeing you as well, Elder Windsom. And you must be the human, Arthur Leywin, correct?” Just then, a figure that I could swear was not there before was suddenly right in front of us. It was the same shaven and lean asura that had sat down in front of me just now.
This man was by no means distinguishable or remarkable in any way. He reminded me much of a monk; someone who had chosen to let go of the worldly ways, except he wasn’t dressed in a robe but a light, tight-fitting tunic. The only unique feature he had was his four hazel eyes, but even that fact seemed to be somehow plain. Every one of his four eyes exuded a calm wisdom that differed from Lord Indrath’s silently terrifying gaze.
“Yes, nice to meet you,” I replied after quickly regaining my composure.
“Arthur, this is my close friend, Kordri. He is of the Thyestes Clan of the Pantheon asura race just like Aldir, who you met back at the floating castle in Dicathen,” Windsom introduced. He had taught me about the eight asura races and the affiliated Great Clans. The Pantheon race was the only race of asura that was versed in what I coined as neutral-type mana art.
The Basilisk race, the race that the Vritra clan was from, was the only race that was capable of decay-type mana art. The remaining six asura races, including the Dragon race that Lord Indrath, Sylvia, and Windsom are a part of, hold distinct creation-type mana art.
While the Dragon race are feared for the aether mana art that is so unique and mysterious, it is still considered creation-type. Of course the asuras’ terms for creation, neutral, and decay type mana arts differ for each race but I just standardized it for my own sanity.
There was no time for us to go over what the special qualities each race held since that was when we had arrived to Elder Rinia’s home, but I had a feeling that I would be learning it later on.
“Has Lord Indrath truly granted you the aether orb?” Kordri’s even voice snapped me out of my train of thought as he looked anxiously at Windsom.
“Yes, it is right here.” Windsom then took out a sphere shaped object the size of his palm, revealing it to Kordri.
“Lord Indrath is truly investing much into this human,” he sighed, admiring the orb.
Windsom looked back to meet my eyes, giving me a “I told you so” gaze before turning back.
“Arthur, come and sit here with us. I’ll explain to you how your training will begin.” Kordri motioned for me with his hand as he sat down.
“Windsom speculated that it would be best for your training to start with me instead of of him because of a few reasons. First, your body and mana core are not nearly strong enough to handle the sort of training that even young asuras are capable of. If resources were not readily available at our disposal, it would take you at least a few decades in order for you to physically absorb anything taught by us.” The asura named Kordri looked at the orb in Windsom’s hand before continuing. “Fortunately, we have the aether orb.”
“What exactly is this aether orb?” I knew he was expecting me to ask this.
“Arthur, you may not know this, but the Dragon race is regarded as the asura race deemed closest to being G.o.ds. Yes, actual G.o.ds. The reason being is the fact that we hold the ability to manipulate aether. Aether is a material, that flows throughout the entire universe. As you know from receiving Lady Sylvia’s will, aether contains the power to manipulate even time and s.p.a.ce itself, as you recently experienced from Lord Indrath. Much of the possibilities of aether remain incomprehensible to even the Indrath Clan, but one artifact that has remained in our possession since the beginning of our clan history is the aether orb. The aether orb is a treasure that had allowed our clan to gain glimpses of the power that aether holds. One being the ability to separate the body from the soul.” Windsom regarded the orb with an almost reverence as he tenderly held onto it.
“The orb also has the power to manipulate time. With these two abilities that the aether orb holds, it will be possible to train you at a rate and efficiency that should be impossible otherwise. Because of the close relationship that the Thyestes Clan and Indrath Clan has, Lord Indrath had at one point gifted us with the temporary usage of this treasure,” Kordri continued for Windsom.
“Remember me telling you that Lord Indrath has placed a significant amount of resources into making sure you will be ready for the upcoming battles? Along with the orb, Lord Indrath has allowed us to use his exclusive training grounds. The aether-rich liquid inside that pond will help accelerate your training and heal wounds that you will incur throughout this process. Kordri here is a talented and highly respected teacher in the Thyestes Clan. He will be responsible for the first portion of the training.” Windsom gave Kordri a stern nod as the two of them stood back up.
“So what exactly will we be doing for the first portion of the training?” I asked, almost timidly.
Windsom replied, his voice sounding almost devious.“You will be fighting against Kordri in a soul state, and you will be dying. Over and over again.”





Chapter 109
Chapter 109: Snail’s Pace
“Trust in your body, Arthur. As long as you are able, your body will be the only thing that will not fail you.” As Kordri’s words rang softly in my ears, a piercing pain had forced my eyes open as I looked down to see Kordri’s hand jutted out of my chest, unbloodied.
“Dammit.” As the word left my tongue, the all too familiar sensation of being sucked out of the soul realm, once again, overwhelmed me.
As soon as I awoke back in the cave, my hands shot to my chest, prodding for a hole that wasn’t there.
I fell to my back in the shallow pool. “How long this time, Windsom?”
“Two minutes,” he replied. “Arthur, the more you are forced out of the soul realm, the more time is wasted in your training. Even if an hour out here equates to about roughly twelve in there, it will not be enough if you are expelled every few minutes.”
“Don’t blame me, blame your friend that is killing me once every those few minutes,” I groaned. It was impossible to get used to the sensation of dying. Even if my physical body wasn’t getting injured, the trauma-inducing stress on my mind would be enough to make even veteran fighters go insane.
I’m not exactly sure what the two asuras were thinking, putting a teen through this sort of nightmarish training.
“I am doing only what you are able to handle,” Kordri responded, almost as if reading my mind. “The child is resilient, though. It makes me curious why that is. Even young asuras who don’t die nearly as often as you do have a hard time coping with the stress.”
If I had to guess, it was probably due to the fact that my mental strength was a combination of two lives, but even with that, this training was beginning to take a toll on me.
Windsom nodded in acknowledgment. “Even I grew worried at first by the number of times Arthur had been expelled from the soul realm due to deaths.”

“Well, time to get training again. Are you ready, Kordri?” I gave my body one last stretch before sitting back up.
Letting out an amused chuckle, he gave me a nod. “I will always be ready, Greenhorn.”
“Remember, Arthur, while you are training in the soul realm, your physical body will also be refining your mana core. The longer you are able to last in the soul realm, the faster your cultivation will go. Don’t overexert yourself; it has only been a week into your training. We still have some leeway, but not if you take on more than you can handle,” Windsom cautioned as he activated the Aether Orb.
Kordri and I were, once again, in the same gra.s.sy field that expanded endlessly into the horizon. It’s been eight days since I had started this tortu—training. Since one hour outside equates to twelve in here, that means a full twenty-four hours out there translates to twelve days in here. Even counting the time spent out in the physical realm eating, sleeping and resting after dying too many times in the soul realm, I have spent over a few months in this gra.s.sland training with the even-tempered and patient monk, Kordri.
“I can tell you are well-versed in physical combat, Arthur, but you have become overly reliant on the usage of mana arts, or what you lesser races call magic. By my guess, you are much more accustomed to shorter battles and duels. Proper conservation and distribution of mana was never a priority, right?” Kordri speculated.
“More or less. I’m only thirteen, remember?” I countered innocently.
“Sure.” The asura shrugged, shooting me a look that told me he didn’t buy it. “You are only human, meaning you are bound by the limitations that follow. You are a long way from reaching white-core stage let alone the integration stage. Because of that, my job is to train your body. After all, the less mana you expend on protecting yourself, the more leeway you have in other areas of use. Now let us begin, I’ve wasted enough time with my rambling.”
“Yes sir,” I answered, getting into a defensive stance. Kordri’s figure vanished and reappeared arms length in front of me.
The first time I had come to the soul realm for training, I was killed in the first blow, unable to even react. Even when I wasn’t killed, I jolted awake at the slightest blow because my soul wasn’t used to taking on injuries. The second, third, fourth, all the way up to the twenty-eighth time, I had been thrown out of the soul realm in the first hit. But on the twenty-ninth time, I was able to dodge, just barely... well... enough to persist until the second hit. Residing and training in the soul realm was difficult, to say the least. Only after a few weeks of dying in the soul realm was I able to last long enough to actually call it training.
Kordri followed up his left jab to my neck with a right elbow to my sternum. It was only when we fought that I was reminded of how terrifying Kordri was. His meek temperament disappeared, replaced by a cold, ruthless warrior capable of killing me over a hundred times in the span of a few seconds.
The asura’s limbs seemingly vanished due to the high speed in which they were moving. The only reason I was able to dodge was because Kordri’s attack pattern was always the same. Of course this was done on purpose; the asura had explicitly told me the ch.o.r.eography of his strikes, never once deviating from that since the beginning of our training. It was pathetic that I was barely able to dodge an attack that I already knew was coming, but that was the difference between us.
Beads of sweat flew off my face and body as I was scantily able to keep up with Kordri’s onslaught. Seconds melded together increasingly slower to form minutes as my sense of time dulled. Desperation was evident as I progressively made more mistakes the longer we fought. I had yet to land a single blow on him since the beginning of the training. In the months I spent fighting Kordri, all my strikes had met with thin air.
“Good! you are keeping up longer than usual. Do not get sloppy, Arthur. Remain patient and bide for time if you do not see an opening,” the asura shouted as he simultaneously continued striking and easily dodging all of my feeble attempts to land a hit.

I made a blunder at that moment. Kordri’s sequence of attacks were strategically placed so that if I didn’t dodge it by just a hair’s breadth, I wouldn’t be able to avoid the next attack.
While I did dodge his spinning elbow, my movement had been too large. I was instantly met with a low sweep that I couldn’t avoid due to leaning too far back to dodge his previous blow.
I chose to give up my left foot in response, knowing I wouldn’t be able to completely dodge the sweep. As expected, the crunching blow shattered my left ankle but I continued dodging.

Even in here, where I knew it wasn’t real, I didn’t want to die.
“Sloppy, but nice follow up. Do not grow desperate and stay levelheaded,” he repeated, executing his next blow.
Even with my broken ankle, I was able to somehow dodge more of Kordri’s restrained attacks until he did something he hadn’t done before.
I was expecting a forward knee to my stomach like he had always done after a right strike, but instead, he shifted his body to perform a roundhouse kick.
I wasn’t able to dodge his left leg but I was able to keep myself from dying instantly. Instead of his kick snapping my neck, it had connected squarely with my jaw.
The world tumbled around me as I felt myself skipping like a flat rock on a lake’s surface before tumbling to a painful stop on a bed of particularly tall gra.s.s.
I wasn’t able to talk due to the bottom half of my face being completely mutilated and it took most of my mental capacity to suppress the excruciating pain, but that didn’t stop me from good-naturedly extending a middle finger at my mentor.
Responding with a smirk, he helped me up. “You managed to not get yourself killed,” he said, seemingly impressed. “Rest until your soul state is healed.”
Even as he said this, I could already feel my body, or my soul state, recovering. The broken fragments of my bones fused together as torn muscle fibers, tendons, and ligaments reattached themselves. While people who haven’t experienced such a sensation might think that the act of healing so fast would be comforting or soothing, it was actually just as painful, if not more, than the injury caused.

I kept telling myself that experiencing agony like this will be useful later on, hoping it would get me through this torture every time we trained, but I was on the verge of breaking.
It had barely been over a week, yet, because of the time distortion in this world, to me, months have pa.s.sed. My progress as a mage had always been unrivaled, so training here like this, where my biggest achievement in these past few months had been staying alive for longer than five minutes against someone purposely restraining himself, I couldn’t help but become frustrated and impatient.
“We should take a break from combat training for a while.” Kordri’s sudden statement took me by surprise. Seeing as he specialized in hand-to-hand combat, I wasn’t sure what else he would be teaching me.
“What do you mean? Am I not learning fast enough?”
“No, it’s not that. Actually, your ability to grasp and comprehend is frightening, coupled with your stubbornness, it is no wonder that your potential as a mage is beyond anyone else’s. However, because of that stubbornness of yours, I’m afraid you are going to unwittingly break down if we keep going at the current pace,” my trainer answered as he sat down.
“Break? I thought the realm inside the Aether Orb wouldn’t allow me to die? And besides, with the regeneration speed of my soul state, as long as you don’t kill me instantly, I should be okay, right?”
The four-eyed asura lifted his gaze and regarded me sternly. “I’m not talking about damaging your body, Arthur. I’m talking about injuring you here,” he said, tapping his head.
“So hurting me psychologically?” Perhaps it was the same stubbornness that Kordri had just talked about or a layer of pride that had made me ignorant of this possibility, but I couldn’t bring myself to agree with him.
“Arthur. You are constantly experiencing death while training here with me on a daily basis. More so than that, death has no longer become the endpoint but the precursor for a level of pain that even asuras can find daunting.” Kordri got up from the ground as he explained. “Even if it won’t damage your body, that kind of trauma will start to get in the way of producing the sort of fighter I am trying to train you to become. When we’re talking about this level of pain, too much of it and your body will instinctively try to save itself, regardless of whether you want it to or not. Just enough pain, and it will be your most reliable sword and shield.”
I thought about my trainer’s words for a moment and understood where he was coming from. However, I thought of myself as an exception, having lived through two lives. Call it arrogant, but I felt like I could take it. “Honestly, Kordri, I’m fine, we don’t n—”
I didn’t even have time to consciously process what had happened. One moment, we were talking, the next moment, an overwhelming sense of dread crashed down on me like a tsunami. The next thing I knew, I was several meters away from the asura with Dragon’s Ballad, my sword, held tightly in my grasp. My eyes focused back on Kordri, only to see the asura with a flower in his hand.
He didn’t say anything... he didn’t need to.
Just as I let my guard down, Kordri’s figure flickered and vanished, and without even a trace of presence or intent, a searing pain made me look down.
My mentor’s hand had, once again, pierced straight through my chest. As I tried to pull myself away from him, I fell down.
The asura withdrew his hand and kneeled down to be level with me. Giving me a gentle smile, he continued, “Even the G.o.ds may not know what sort of life you had truly led, but it is because of your past experiences that this could happen. You trust too deeply in your instinct, Arthur, and while it is a useful tool, it should not be relied on wholeheartedly. Small steps, Arthur. You have much to be taught, but much to unlearn as well.”
As he ruffled my hair, I thought again of the time I was in the inst.i.tution during my past life as an orphan; the times I had to teach myself from little useful information and tools I could gather. I realized that, for the first time in both lives, I have finally gained an actual mentor. A mentor wise and powerful enough that I can, even with my unique past and monstrous potential, be a student hungry to learn.
“Do you understand, Arthur?” Kordri asked as he got up and extended his hand.
“You bet.” I accepted his hand and pulled myself back to my feet. My body still trembled, but whether it was from the lethal wound in my chest, the excitement of my future prospects or the antic.i.p.ation from being under skilled mentors; I had a feeling it was a mixture of all three...





Chapter 110
Chapter 110: The Lost Art
He was a monster... a true predator.
That was the only thing that came to mind when he released the shackles he put on himself for my safety; when he released that petrifying pressure.
The paralyzing fear slowly spread through my body like a snake’s deadly venom. I clenched my sweaty hands, tightening the hold on my sword. The soft blades of gra.s.s rippled, swaying leisurely because of my trembling feet. The muscles in my legs continuously twitched, fighting the impulse to whirl around and sprint away. Salty blood filled my mouth as I bit down on my bottom lip. Holding my blade up, I approached the thickening aura emitting from my teacher.
A burning fire in the form of sweat stung my azure eyes, but I dared not to blink. Slowly, painfully, my brain sent signals, picking up my feet, and moving them in a cautious, but steady gait as I walked into the manifestation of fear itself.
“I’m coming, Arthur. Prepare yourself!” the voice rang clearly within the cloud of menacing air.
I forced my tightened jaw to relax and let out a barbaric roar despite already lacking the air to breathe, dispelling some of the chilling fear gripping my insides. “d.a.m.n it all!”
The teal blade in my hands dulled as I drew near Kordri, as if even my sword was afraid. But I kept walking, each step feeling as if I was trying to wade across a pool of undried cement.
Finally within range of my blade, I cleaved down, hoping to end this in one strike. Of course, it didn’t. Kordri parried Dawn’s Ballad like it was a foam stick, creating an arc with his blade as well. Just as my sword was about to hit the ground, I used the momentum to spin myself, whirling my blade back around at Kordri’s knees.
Another failed attempt.
Kordri’s short sword easily blocked mine, stopping it just short of his leg. Knocking Dawn’s Ballad away, my teacher threw a swift kick at my face. I could hear the sharp whistle of air as I dodged in time to bring my sword back up to an upward swipe.
Kordri turned his face to the side so my blade whizzed harmlessly by his ear.
“Your movements are getting better, even with my aura’s suppression,” my instructor commended. I knew he was just complimenting me, but seeing him have the leisure to talk while dodging came off as annoyingly smug.

It was becoming harder to breathe as I realized I was almost at my limit. One more desperate lunge toward Kordri was all I could manage before Dawn’s Ballad fell to the ground, my hands unable to hold onto it any longer. I fell to my knees, my legs giving out soon after, and I was left choking for air inside the confines of this h.e.l.lish aura.
“Not bad.” As Kordri’s voice reached my ears the pressure disappeared. Without the suffocating aura affecting me, my body desperately sucked in air.
Over a month had pa.s.sed in the outside world which meant about a year has pa.s.sed in here. A year of continuous, torturous training with Kordri’s short lectures being the only breaks I had.
Over the course of the month that had actually pa.s.sed, I have had no contact with Sylvie. The number of times I have been dying and forced out of the soul realm have drastically reduced. The liquid that surrounded my body and Kordri’s put us into a mock comatose state, even supplying us with the nutrients needed to stay healthy.
The last time we had left the soul realm was about four months in here, which translated to a little short of two weeks outside.
Kordri had kept me busy, but even then, I couldn’t help but long for my family and friends. There were so many matters that I felt like I had put off, continuously filling me with regret upon recollection. Elijah had been taken away to who-knows-where and I wasn’t even sure if he was still alive. I also don’t know whether Tessia had awoken, moreover, had left my family on such bad terms...
I knew that training right now was the best thing to do, but it ate away at me whenever I thought about it. It didn’t help that, during the year I was in here for, the only thing I had to show for it was being able to endure Kordri’s killing intent, or “King’s Force” as he called it, long enough to have a short exchange before plopping to the ground like a dead fish.
“H-How... How long... did I last?” I breathed out, finally able to form words as I rolled onto my back.
“You’re improving,” he replied, dodging my question.
I sat up, turning around to face him as I continued to catch my breath. “Not long enough, right?”
“Don’t dwell on the seconds. We are not seeking a specific duration, understand?” He said sternly, more a statement than a question.
“Now, again, but this time, no weapons.”
“Again?” I let out a sigh, picking up my trusted blade and sheathing it.
Kordri tossed his own sword onto the gra.s.s before explaining, “I know you prefer swordfighting, and I have to say that your blade, Dawn’s Ballad, is a fine partner to have, but as a mage, hand-to-hand combat continues to be the most versatile and adaptive form of fighting. If you have the patience to learn, that is.”
“Once I have drawn out the maximum potential of your human body, my role as your teacher will be complete. For the sake of the coming war, I will mold your bones, develop your muscles, and train your mind to its limits so that you will be the knight that protects your continent and your loved ones,” Kordri continued, putting some distance between us. “It is obvious that you have had training in melee combat, much more than a normal child. However, like I have said before, your fighting style is more suited for dueling against a single opponent.”

I nodded in agreement. In my previous life, a majority of my fights were in the form of duels since that was the custom there. Wars were rarely held, and even if they were, Kings were not to directly partake in them. After all, our lives were too valuable to risk.
“Since asuras are not allowed to partake in this war, their descendents, the mixed-bloods, will be their strongest forces. Your primary duty in this upcoming war will be to take care of those mutts that the Vritra Clan will send as generals or as special teams. You are incredibly strong, Arthur, but so are they, and do not think that they’ll line up and take turns fighting you. Expect to be put in a situation where you will be surrounded by enemies with asura blood coursing through them,” Kordri affirmed as he calmly circled around me with his hands behind his back. “Of course, unlike now, you will not have the restriction of mana usage placed on you so you would be free to wreak havoc. However, you will also have to to take into account that there might be ally soldiers or even civilians nearby. What will you do then? When it comes down to it, physical combat, laced with proper and precise mana usage, will be the most efficient and dependable way of disposing enemies. Especially if they are on a much higher caliber than the mages you are familiar with.”
“I understand.” I got into an offensive stance with my leading hand relaxed and my right hand curled into a fist by my jawline.

“The first lesson i had taught you was how to stay alive. More specifically, you were to get a grasp of fighting at higher speeds while trying to dodge a set routine of attacks. While I won’t tell you how much I have restricted myself when fighting you, I would say that your agility has improved to a level that I deem adequate. Your lesson, after that, was fighting under conditions of substantial pressure. Combat under the effects of my King’s Force, or killing intent as you call it, has strengthened your tolerance a considerable amount these past few months. There is room for improvement in both areas, but for now, it is time for the third segment...” Kordri’s voice trailed off as he came to stop in front of me.
“Your field of vision is too narrow, too focused.” Kordri’s voice resounded in my ears as if he was right behind me as I watched the figure of Kordri I had been concentrating on wisp away.
Realizing that it had been an afterimage, I whipped my head back but I was too late. A clean blow to my back sent me tumbling forward, causing me to take in a mouthful of gra.s.s. It was at nonsensical times like these that I couldn’t help but admire how realistic the soul realm was. The chunks of gra.s.s and dirt in my mouth tasted exactly like how I had imagined they would.
I stood back up, groaning as I stretched my back. “I thought we weren’t allowed to use mana,” I said, spitting out the gra.s.s in my mouth.
“I didn’t use mana. Remember, my physiology is fundamentally different from yours. I will restrain myself but it is inevitable that I will be naturally faster, quicker, and stronger than you. Now come,” he instructed, beckoning me with his hand.
I immediately propelled myself towards my instructor, putting professional short distance sprinters to shame as I got within range to attack. I could definitely feel that the mechanics of my body had improved while training with Kordri. My rear foot rotated as I spun my hips to create as much momentum as possible into my strike. Unleashing my right fist, I could feel all of my muscles, tendons, ligaments and bones working in harmony, like a well-oiled machine. Without even relying on mana, I was able to generate enough power in my punch to surprise Kordri.
As he dodged my blow in the last second, I could see a Kordri’s lips curl up slightly as he unexpectedly ducked underneath my right arm.
Never had I been thrown so swiftly, so helplessly, and so painfully as that moment. As I coughed from having the wind knocked out of me, Kordri held his hand against my neck as if it were the edge of a sword. Squeezing my own ribs in fear that it would crumble apart if I didn’t, I heard my mentor’s voice.
“I have to say. That was a very nice punch, Arthur. How much strength do you suppose you used releasing a strike of that power? Do you think you can do that for two days, three days straight? Can you do that for hours on end without pause and little sustenance in your body to give you that energy?” Kordri kneeled down to a.s.sess the damage on my body. “How much energy do you think I spent tossing you? I have to say, because of how powerful your strike was, the less energy I had to expend.”
Gritting my teeth to bear the pain, I sprung back up to my feet and took a stance.
“Energetic today, aren’t we? Good,” he replied, beckoning me once more.

Heeding his gesture, I approached and took a posture as if I would launch the same punch as I had done just before. Instead, I used the punch as a feint and jumped up, launching my right knee to his jaw.
Again, Kordri’s movements were different from before. I had been used to exchanging strikes with the asura, but this time, Kordri used his left hand to gently shift the direction of my launched knee, pushing himself to my right side simultaneously. In a quick, fluid motion, my mentor grabbed the collar of my shirt behind my head and executed a drop throw, propelling me to the ground, head first.
The world turned black for a moment and my ears rang fiercely when I woke up. Carefully, I stretched and ma.s.saged my neck, surprised that it hadn’t snapped cleanly in half from the force of his toss.
Maybe it was because of the blow to my head, but I suddenly recalled this type of combat art. aiki...do, yes, it was similar to aikido. It was ancient form of combat that was lost due to a decline in traditional martial arts after contemporary forms of combat became more widely used. After becoming a king in my previous world, I had access to numerous archives pertaining to martial arts and the art of dueling. I had glanced briefly through a book on the art of throws but took little interest in it besides the concept of capitalizing on the momentum of one’s opponent. Of course, I made much use of that knowledge, but did little to learn the art of throwing; it seemed too inefficient at the time.
“We had talked about proper conservation and distribution of mana when in prolonged battles, correct? Well, it goes without saying that it should be the same for your body as well. No matter how much mana you have flowing within you, it cannot act as a battery to power up your body. Mana, just like a sword, is a tool to control and utilize. Your body is the centerpiece that brings the tools together to create a true warrior. Now, you are healed, yes? Come,” Kordri commanded.
Wordlessly, I got back to my feet and dashed once more towards my mentor.
“Your body holds the capabilities of being all kinds of weapons,” Kordri explained, getting into an offensive stance. “For example, your fist can become a hammer or bludgeon, powerful enough to destroy walls,” he said, throwing a simple punch.
Dodging his first strike, I lowered my center of gravity and released a punch towards his solar plexus.
In a smooth, liquid motion, Kordri pivoted himself, wrapping his own arm around the arm I had just attacked with and redirecting my fist with the flick of his wrist. “It can also become a whip that locks and deflects the opponent’s attack.”
“Your hands can be blades, your legs, axes, all depending on the user,” Kordri said as he whirled around and placed his palm on my back. “And it can also be a cannon, capable of blasting your foes to pieces. Defend yourself with mana, Arthur. I will allow it,” he instructed.
I wrapped my body tightly in a coat of mana, focusing more on the area where Kordri’s palm was placed.
The deafening blast of the sound barrier being broken almost distracted me from the pain that spread throughout my body as I hurled through the air like a bullet. It was impossible to tell how many bones I had broken, how many organs had collapsed as my vision darkened and I felt my body being sucked out of the soul realm.
When I opened my eyes, I was in the familiar cave again, drenched in the mysterious liquid as well as my own sweat and probably my tears. A wave of nausea then hit me as if Kordri had actually just punched a hole through my sternum as I buckled forward and heaved out whatever was in my stomach.
“Ugh,” I moaned, trying to collect myself. Kordri was still in front of me, giving me an expression of what I guessed was sympathy, but shifted his gaze behind me.
“Ah, you’re here,” he said, standing up.
Turning around, my vision pa.s.sed the sight of Windsom and focused on the figure of someone I didn’t recognize. A boy, standing over five feet tall, looked to be about seven at most, took a step toward us and bowed respectfully in my direction. His head was also shaven like Kordri’s, but he only had two, nut-brown eyes. He was skinny but not sickly so, with a nice, toned body that didn’t match his childish face.
“I’m sorry for my lateness, Master,” the boy said, lifting his head, before tilting it as he regarded me. I could see his eyes giving me the once over and, when he locked eyes with me once more, shot me a look of haughty derision.
It seemed beneath me to get angry at a kid who was younger than my sister, so I just raised a brow and turned back to face Kordri.
“Who’s the kid?” I asked una.s.sumingly.
“Arthur, I’d like you to meet Taci... your new training partner.”





Chapter 111
Chapter 111: Good Night
“Training partner?” the kid echoed before I had the chance to respond. “Master, I thought you told me to come here so that I could get a chance to finally receive some individual training...”
“Taci, you will also be training as you spar with Arthur here, now come here so we can begin.” Kordri gestured toward the obviously dissatisfied child.
“Master, what benefit will come from training with this... lesser being?” he grumbled, shooting an annoyed look at me.
I thought of it as odd, hearing a child haughtily complain using diction and syntax that didn’t suit his babyish appearance or undeveloped, tenor voice.
“Arthur”— Kordri stressed—“has been receiving special training from me. Sparring with him will help with your development. You also have the rare honor of training using the Aether Orb, yet, you dare complain?”
“N-no, I would never defy your instructions, Master. This pupil only finds it beneath Master to waste your time training a mere human when the Thyestes Clan has many pupils awaiting your mentorship,” the child named Taci clarified, lowering himself to another bow.
I didn’t want to stoop down to his level and be offended by the child, but I had to admit he had a rather special knack for p.i.s.sing people off.
Letting out a defeated sigh, Kordri continued, “Taci, you are one of my most talented pupils, but it is your arrogance that will hinder you. Windsom, will you be okay keeping up the Aether Orb with an additional person?” Kordri turned to Windsom who was seated on the other side of the pool holding the orb.
“Three people won’t be a problem,” the asura nodded in response, shaking his head as well at the child in front of him.
Keeping my immature thoughts to myself, I returned to my meditating position inside the pool. The child jumped in as well, ignoring me as he sat down so the three of us formed a triangle. Once again, we were inside the same gra.s.sy setting as we had been since the beginning.
“Arthur. While the Pantheon race all differ in their utilization of what you call ‘force-type mana’, Taci here has been training in the special arts of the Thyestes Clan. Like I showed you a few times recently, one of the components of our combat art lies in swift, precise strikes, coupled with throws that take advantage of momentum and center of gravity. By relying on our senses to perceive where the opponent is distributing their weight and momentum, we match our attacks to properly take advantage of their strengths. By doing this, we use little effort to dispel their attacks, and conserve our strength for when we attack,” my mentor explained.
Taci had his arms crossed besides Kordri, not taking his eyes filled with contempt off of me.
“When learning this, even our own disciples are forbidden to use mana until they can properly display the basics of our techniques. I am not saying this to boast, but our clan’s fame came from the deadliness of our combat art. When looking at a master, you will see that our form of fighting is both fierce and fluid, like a deadly cyclone. I have only shown you a glimpse of this, Arthur, but I want you to train by fighting against Taci,” Kordri continued as he turned his attention over to the child. “Taci, you are to use your full strength to fight against Arthur; do not worry about fatal injuries or death here.”
I couldn’t help but roll my eyes at the blatantly delighted smirk on Taci’s face as he was told this. However, his smug expression immediately disappeared by what his master said next. “Arthur, you are not to use any mana. I will not be applying any pressure on you as of now, but expect it to come later on. You are also not allowed to attack him at all, but simply block and deflect. The only form of offensive maneuvers you are allowed to make are throws.”
“M-Master? This doesn’t make any sense?” Taci stuttered, shocked. “Shouldn’t you be placing restrictions on me instead of the human? By doing this, do you mean to say that, without these handicaps, he would be able to defeat me?”

“Taci, I am growing tired of your pitiful whining. Are you doubting me?” Kordri’s eyes grew sharp as he spoke. There was no mercy shown in his expression, immediately shutting Taci’s mouth as he frantically shook his head.
I never had the chance to indulge in this feeling... this satisfying sense of victory over a c.o.c.ky kid when his parent unexpectedly sides with me.
“Now, begin.”
KORDRI’S POV:
Simply saying that I was surprised would be a lying; no, the more accurate word would be astonished. I had a feeling that it might end up this way, but not this soon. Arthur Leywin... what a truly mysterious individual.
Taci, while only seven years of age, displayed an unusual amount of talent from the beginning. He had covered the basics of our combat art in a quarter of the time it took for the rest of his cla.s.s. His mana distribution was still rough but improving at a rate that even the clan elders couldn’t help but admire. He was to be the next generation’s star. Yet even with all of the restrictions placed, Arthur was still holding on—no, it was more than that now—Arthur was slowly beginning to keep up.
In the span of only a few days inside the soul realm, Arthur had begun to match Taci. He, who had not even learned the true combat art of the Thyestes Clan, was absorbing knowledge like a starving beast and making it his own.
Despite the speed and power of Taci’s attacks, Arthur was able to persist against him. Through each punch, kick, slash and throw that Arthur faced, his steps, his shifts, his movements... they were all becoming faster and sharper as if his body was instinctively shaving away unnecessary movement. His improvement was at a speed that could be easily discernible even to one not trained in combat. How is this possible? What sort of past did he experience? How many people had he fought in order to develop this aberrant level of perception?
In my years as both a warrior and mentor, I had never come across a feeling like this before. I have trained hundreds in the art of combat, from young to old. I’ve nurtured pupils that had later become leading figures in the Thyestes Clan, but even then, training this boy, Arthur, had introduced me to a sensation that I’ve never felt before.
Constantly, as I taught him, I had noticed the feeling of excitement, awe, and pride welling up; emotions that I did not even feel towards myself. It was similar to that of unearthing an unknown, yet obviously precious, gem. Arthur was still dull and rough, but with each buff, he shone brighter and brighter. There was no telling what the final product would look like, but it was this longing to find out that made it so exhilarating, yet regrettable. Was he going to have the chance to develop to his full potential? Or will he run out of time first?
Had he been born an asura, he would be a prominent member amongst even the highest echelons of power. However, the G.o.ds have placed him to be merely a p.a.w.n; utilized until no longer needed. Such a pity.
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
This arrogant brat. If it weren’t for these restrictions, I would’ve painted the gra.s.s with your blood and tears.
These past few days had been filled with nothing but frustration and resentment at myself for the fact that I was unable to do anything against him. Taci, obviously annoyed by his master regarding him so lowly, coupled with the innate condescension he had over my race, led to me being tossed around like a rag doll and eating too many strikes for my temper to contain.
While his attacks weren’t on the level of Kordri’s in terms of fluidity and compact precision, due to his attacks and movements being reinforced with mana, they were at a level faster than I was used to.
I almost lost my life on the first strike, but was able to dodge only from the fact that his body gave away his next attack. With the amount of experience that I had with fighting and dueling from my past life and this one, I was able to somewhat antic.i.p.ate what the opponent would do next based on his posture and movement. This skill worked less depending on how capable of a fighter the opponent was, but Taci, while well-versed in his clan’s form of martial art, was still lacking in fighting experience.
Unlike fighting with Kordri, who had no openings or flaws in any of his micromovements, Taci was basically telephoning his next move. Dodging, however, was a whole different problem. While his attacks had openings, they were still at a level above anyone that I have faced. If it wasn’t for the amount of experience I had over the kid, I would’ve been thrown out of the soul realm already. The power and sheer speed of the onslaught could make any S-cla.s.s adventurer curl up in utter subjection.
The force of his strikes caused the air around him to whistle and every time I parried his blows, my arms would throb in pain.

Clicking my tongue, I ignored the pain and persisted. It wasn’t enough to just be fast. I needed to be faster than him. In order to do that, I needed to lessen my movement. The only way I could dodge successfully without using mana was to cut down my maneuvers to the bare necessities. If I couldn’t do that, I would soon be overwhelmed.
“You should go back to your kind instead of wasting my Master’s time,” Taci cursed as he unleashed another barrage of strikes. Much like myself, he seemed to want to hit me squarely instead of merely tossing me to the ground.
I didn’t have the same luxury to respond so I just gritted my teeth and focused even harder.

Faster.
“My mother and father had told me how weak lesser beings were; it looks like it’s true. I don’t understand why we asuras were given the awful job of looking after you guys,” he growled as he turned, releasing an upwards knee jab.
I felt a sharp pain in my ear as I was barely able to dodge the full brunt of the attack with a simple turn of the neck.
Faster.
I couldn’t tell how much time had pa.s.sed; I was used to sparring for hours with Kordri, but this seemed much longer. As Taci continued his relentless a.s.sault, my body soon became a canvas of cuts and bruises.
Not enough, faster.
The asura child was obviously growing frustrated as he began trying to go for throws as well. I could see his hand extend out in a claw, hoping to grip at a weak point. By now, however, I was beginning to grow accustomed to his movements so dodging became easier. His strikes that once pa.s.sed by me in a blur, were becoming apparent.
“If it weren’t for the Vritra Clan and their disgusting half-breeds, my master wouldn’t have to be stuck here teaching you, hoping a dog could learn something meant for asuras,” the brat spat venomously as he grew more annoyed.
Even faster.
Sweat began stinging my eyes, impeding my vision. Blades of gra.s.s flew around us as our steps and movement lifted chunks of dirt into the air.
Faster, d.a.m.n it!
My body was beginning to protest as my mind grew dull. It was beginning to make sharper movements due to the fatigue in my body. Each time I dodged, my body jolted in pain.
What was I supposed to do? I wasn’t used to fighting for this long and dodging attacks of this caliber was wearing me down at an even greater pace than usual.

If I lowered my speed, then I would bear the full brunt of Taci’s childish rage, but I wasn’t sure how much longer I could continue to hold out.
My mind whirled trying to think of an answer. Think, Arthur. What had Kordri stressed this whole time? Conservation and proper distribution of mana and energy. Taci’s form of fighting wasn’t as concise as Kordri’s but since he was reinforcing his body with mana, he wasn’t tiring as easily as I was.
Fluidity.
Yeah, fluid. Arthur, you dumba.s.s, Kordri had given you the answer. Be fluid, but stay fierce. Like a cyclone.
Even with a clear idea in my head, it was horrifying trying to implement it when one mistake could easily be the death of you. Even in the soul realm, it was still scary.
Taci was also showing signs of wear as his once smug face became lined with a tensed exasperation. His bombardment never slowed, however, as he continued his storm of strikes and grabs.
Don’t just dodge. Do more. Look for an opening in his attacks. Follow his movements and go along with it, not against it.
Another cut appeared on my cheek from Taci’s strike as I failed to execute the movement I had thought of in my head properly.
Not fast enough, Arthur.
His kick from the side landed squarely on my rib, spinning me off balance.
I bit down on my lip to keep myself from buckling in pain. I knew that a few ribs were broken, which meant that an organ or two were probably punctured.
Faster.
Don’t go against his movement. Conserve energy. Be fluid.
Taking advantage of the fact that he had finally landed a solid hit, Taci immediately followed up with a right straight, his fist reinforced with a purple aura.
“Say good night,” Taci’s snide voice rang.
My brain screamed for my body to duck, to cover my vitals, to avoid this. .h.i.t. But if I merely dodged, it would be impossible to avoid his next attack.
I Ignored my instincts, using the momentum from Taci’s last kick, whirled my body counterclockwise, as his fist headed towards me. At the same time, I raised my right hand, timing it so that it would meet with his.
If I failed in grasping the right timing or speed of this maneuver by a millisecond, my head would probably get blown off, but I buried those thoughts and focused.
Time seemed to slow as my right hand grasped his right wrist. I immediately lowered my center of gravity and slung his arm over my shoulder as I maintained the spin of my body. I could feel the force of his punch as Taci was hopelessly lifted from his feet.
Using the power of his own blow, I redirected his attack and propelled him to the ground.
What I didn’t expect was my throw to produce a crater the size of a house. There in the middle of the devastation was Taci, sprawled out and gurgling blood, with the whites of his eyes showing.
I collapsed to my knees trying to catch a breath, as I realized that the broken ribs had punctured one of my lungs. While I normally don’t condone bullying someone younger than myself, looking down at the sorry state of the brat, I let out a satisfied grin.
“Good night.”





Chapter 112
Chapter 112: Newfound Goal
He overextended his punch; don’t dodge, Arthur, duck under and move in.
Her kick is too high, she’s off balance; exploit that.
The left hook was thrown prematurely. Lean your head back an inch.
That strike is slow enough; I need to grab that. Parry it, grab ahold of the palm and twist.
Watch out for the low sweep, but don’t jump. There’s a follow up attack that would be waiting for you if you do. Move in towards the kick where it won’t have much power.
An attack is coming from behind. Don’t waste time to look back; use his shadow instead.
Kick incoming towards the face, and another aimed at the ribs. Their attacks are becoming more coordinated.
I need to lower my body to dodge the kick aimed at my head and block the one aimed at my ribs. Use the force of the kick to get pushed away from the current disadvantageous position.
“Time!” Kordri’s voice thundered, bringing all of us to a freeze.
“d.a.m.nit!”
“So close!”
“We could’ve had him if you had given us one more minute, Master!”
Of the four of them, only Taci didn’t say anything, only clicking his tongue in dissatisfaction before turning away.
“Enough! It is four against one and you guys still dare to complain after being unable to land a single, solid hit on Arthur? I should have you lot retrained from the basics!” The four-eyed asura rebuked. Turning his attention to me, he shot me an acknowledging smile. “How do you feel, Arthur?”
Returning his smile, I replied, shaking off the stinging pain in my wrist from blocking the last attack. “Never better.”

About four months have pa.s.sed in the outside world, meaning that I had trained in the soul realm, thanks to the Aether Orb, for nearly four years. While my body had only aged a year physiologically, a bit more than three years have gone by training under the tutelage of Kordri.
These three years, I had done nothing besides honing my body, my reflexes, and my acuity for combat. My fourteenth birthday had recently pa.s.sed and it was glaringly obvious just how much stronger I had become, to the point where my past combat abilities seemed about as coordinated as a toddler first learning to walk.
Kordri had also helped refine my mana to aid in combat but hadn’t taught me anything new. Whether it was because of physiological differences between humans and asuras or just the fact that he didn’t want to or wasn’t allowed to pa.s.s on the Thyestes Clan mana arts to a non-clan member , I chose not to ask. I merely trusted Kordri and absorbed whatever he did teach instead.
To this day, I wasn’t sure what exactly the Thyestes Clan mana arts was and what it was able to do, but that didn’t matter. Just the fact that I had progressed to this level of physical combat was something I was thankful for.
As the soul realm that we had been training in grew dark, I opened my eyes to the familiar sight of the cave I had been in, physically, for the past year.
“Thanks again for helping me train, guys.” I stood up and gave a respectful nod to the four, novice Thyestes Clan children.
After about the first year inside the soul realm, sparring with just Taci was proving to have a limit, so Kordri brought over more training partners to the point where I was fighting on par with Taci and three other young children of the Pantheon asura race.
Of course the four of them weren’t constantly inside the soul realm like I had been. Because of that “unfairness”, as they constantly pointed out, I had been able to catch up to them eventually.
The four of them, including Taci, kept a distance from me outside of training, often showing their displeasure at the thought of helping a lesser race train; it didn’t help that I had become stronger than them. Of course, this was considering the fact that they weren’t allowed to use their abilities to the fullest. Kordri had made it explicitly clear that we were to use mana only for strengthening our bodies; anything outside of that would be considered foul play.
“Master Kordri. Thank you for training me up until now,” I turned and bowed respectfully after we both got out of the pool of blue liquid back inside the cave.
“Mmm, it was a treat for me as well,” the shaved-headed asura replied.
Giving my body a thorough stretch, I turned to face Windsom. “When is the next portion of our training?” I asked as I mentally searched for signs of Sylvie. This past year, I wasn’t able to sense, let alone communicate, with my bond. It had become a custom to search for her every time I was thrown out of the soul realm, but each attempt proved fruitless.
“Huh? Ah, we will start the next portion of training soon.” Windsom had the same discerning gaze as Kordri, which confused me.
I raised a brow, shifting my gaze back and forth between the two asuras. “Is everything okay?”
“Nothing’s wrong...” Kordri replied as he tilted his head, studying me like a piece of abstract art.
“It’s just that you have not changed,” Windsom finished.
My heart began thumping louder at his words. What hasn’t changed? My initial thought turned to my mana core, but that wasn’t it. My mana core had advanced recently from out of the early light yellow and into the latter levels of the light-yellow; meaning, I had progressed past more than a full stage, starting from the solid yellow stage that I had previously been at before starting my training here. Windsom had also come into the soul realm to watch the progress of my training every now and then so he should be well aware of the level I’m currently at.

“Arthur, while training under the Aether Orb can be tremendously beneficial, it is strictly forbidden to be used on children, or even young adults. You can guess why, right? The time difference between the two realms can cause a psychological displacement on a person not yet fully developed mentally,” Windsom explained.
“I was actually firmly against the use of the aether orb for that reason,” Kordri confessed. “Even Lord Indrath was somewhat reluctant to have you train using the Aether Orb, in fear of the consequences. However, because of the deficit of time before the war, there was no choice.”
It took me by surprise when I heard that Lord Indrath would care for my well-being. That wasn’t the impression I had received when I had met him.

“Which is why I’m somewhat astonished at the fact that there is no change in you, Arthur. Your speech, your demeanor, your mentality; they are no different from what they have been before the training began,” Windsom began. “Essentially, four years have pa.s.sed since you have entered, but neither during the times you have been brought back out nor now, have you displayed any changes a normal child should have had.”
I mulled over this for a moment. It made sense now why Kordri hadn’t let Taci and the other Thyestes Clan children stay in the soul realm. The only reason why I wasn’t affected by this phenomena was because I already had the mentality of an adult since my birth into this world.
“Windsom, you said yourself that I felt different from other children. I’d been pretty ahead of my age, mentally, for pretty much my whole life; to the point where I grew accustomed to purposely conforming to the people of my age to socially adapt,” I answered at last.
“Well, it matters little to us. In fact, it is for the better that this regimen of training did not produce any unwanted ramifications.” Windsom looked mindful at first, but relaxed as he let out a sigh. “Kordri, thank you for spending much of your time and energy into training Arthur. Anyone else, even amongst asuras, would be subpar compared to your expertise in close quarters combat,” the asura added, turning to Kordri.
“No thanks are needed. Arthur needs to be well trained if he is to have a chance against those mutts.” Kordri placed a firm hand on my shoulder and squeezed. “Remember that the mages in Alacrya have been taught and guided by asuras. Mana arts in that continent is generations more advanced than in Dicathen. So do not get overconfident from the fact that you are receiving this sort of training. It frustrates me deeply that our hands are tied like this, but if we don’t want a war that can destroy the very land we live in, it is up to you and your peers to fight.” Kordri’s usually indifferent face wrinkled into a grave expression.
After saying our goodbyes, Kordri and his four pupils left first, leaving only Windsom and I inside the unnaturally quiet training cave.
As I sat down on the cold floor of the cave, idly stretching my body while peeking every now and then at Windsom, I couldn’t help but try to guess what the asura was thinking as he regarded me so closely.
Trying to break the palpably thick silence, I asked Windsom something that had been desperately on my mind. “So, have you heard any news of Sylvie? Is she doing okay?”
“Lady Sylvie will be fine. No one would dare mistreat the direct kin of Lord Indrath besides Lord Indrath himself,” he answered casually, despite the fact that the last bit of his statement sent a pang of worry down my stomach.
Choosing not to dwell on this topic any longer, I simply nodded and continued stretching my body. Because I wasn’t physically using my body within the soul realm, it had grown stiff. Muscle ma.s.s hadn’t dwindled due to the mysterious liquid I had been submerged in, but I had noticed that my hair had grown much longer than I was used to.
I still didn’t know the full capabilities of the Aether Orb but the chance to train under these conditions would most likely never come again, so I had to make the most of it.
“Here. I just received this from a messenger of Lord Indrath. It seems like Aldir wrote of the events happening in your continent currently. I thought you might be interested.” Windsom spoke evenly as he handed me a few pieces of parchment filled to the edges with immaculate writing.
It was the first time receiving any sort of information from Dicathen. Four months had pa.s.sed since I started my training, and the more time flew by, the more concerned I became of the well-being of everyone.

Had the war started yet?
What were they doing to prepare themselves for the upcoming battles?
What measures were they taking to protect themselves?
Questions like these and many more filled my head, often distracting me during training until I was smacked back to attention by the four pupils or Kordri himself.
What Kordri said before leaving had sent shivers down my spine in sudden realization. The continent of Alacrya was sure to be more advanced in mana manipulation than Dicathen was. Even with the help of asuras now teaching a handful of capable mages on how to better utilize their mana, it wouldn’t be enough if the enemy’s armies were truly as strong as I was imagining them to be.
In that sense, I often thought of my training with Kordri to be an inefficient use of time. Of course what I had learned would make me a great combatant in any battlefield, but considering my capabilities, I wondered sometimes if it would be better for me to hone my long-range mana utilization. Of course, conjuring wasn’t my specialty, but with my quad-elemental disposition and the amount of raw mana I possessed, compared to other mages, I felt like it would be better for me to learn long range mana arts that were capable of leveling fields instead of learning to destroy enemies around me one at a time. But thinking back to my past as a commanding leader, it wasn’t the number of soldiers that posed the biggest threats. No, the ones that presented the most trouble were either leading them or the few elite fighters capable of penetrating through our forces. I couldn’t worry about every single insignificant fish; I would just have to trust in our army to handle them.
Putting aside my concerns, I eagerly plucked the paper from his hands and inhaled the words written on the wrinkled paper.
“...”
It seemed that it was made known to the higher ups that Goodsky was formerly a spy sent directly by the Vritra Clan on behalf of Alacrya. A large portion of the written report was actually on Goodsky’s intel on the political structure of Alacrya, which surprised me since she was the one who told me of the powerful binding that kept her from even having the intentions of revealing information.
I put aside my suspicions for now and focused back on the report.
Because of the tangible presence of asuras in Alacrya, much of the hierarchy had become centered around the purity in one’s blood. Basically, the closer someone was to that of the asura lineage, the higher status one would hold in that continent. It seemed rather simple and shallow at first, but was Dicathen or any other world different? Of course, the purity in lineage wasn’t as apparent in our continent, but it was rather easy to see the distinction between those of ‘n.o.ble’ blood and ordinary people.
I was willing to bet that the higher the purity of their asura blood, the stronger their ability as a mage would be. As a few generations pa.s.s, it was easy to predict that there would be a clear division in cla.s.s based on this fact alone.
It went on to say that she herself possessed very limited knowledge besides the general hierarchy of the elite figures that Agrona himself took care into raising and a.s.sembling. One part caught my eye. “So the information that Direc... Cynthia Goodsky provided us, these so-called “Four Scythes”, am I to a.s.sume that these will be my targets?” I asked without taking my eye off of the report.
Aldir noted further down that, of the potential obstacles, these so-called Scythes and their respective retainers under their commands were of the highest priority.
“Ultimately, yes. But read on. What the Alacryan spy, Cynthia Goodsky, mentioned next is troubling, to say the least.
I did as I was told, and surely enough, the next the paragraph of the report made me curse underneath my breath.
“...based on the purity in color, density and concentration of lingering mana within the horn fragment retrieved from the site where former Lance, Alea Triscan, was killed, Goodsky has a.s.serted that it belonged to a prime-blood of the retainer level of one of the Four Scythes ,” I read aloud. I a.s.sumed that the prime-blood was someone with mixed asura, more specifically Basilisk, blood.
My mind shifted towards the night I saw the remains of Alea. I still remembered the last words we had exchanged after she gave me the very fragment Goodsky had mentioned. This meant that there was a retainer for each of the Four Scythes. Four retainers that were capable of easily dispatching a Lance and four more who were at a level even above them.
Reading on, there was little else that was of significant importance. There were mentions of armored ships being built from a coalition between the humans and dwarves, as well as towering fortresses being built around harbored cities. Aldir also wrote the recounts he had received of sightings of someone who was perhaps from Alacrya but other than the fact that there was a clear tension throughout the continent, little else had happened.
I could only begin to imagine the scale of this upcoming war. This wasn’t a war between the struggles of two rival countries, this would be two enormous continents sending millions of soldiers to fight for their land.
After letting out a deep breath, I gathered the pieces of parchment and stacked them neatly before handing them back to Windsom.
There was a mixture of emotions brewing inside me. News of Dicathen had definitely put my mind at ease. The newly acquired knowledge pertaining to the power of our enemies, on the other hand, sent a cold chill down my spine. However, despite this, I was excited and determined. I finally had a goal, a solid number of enemies to work with. It would be hard to get all of them, but I wasn’t fighting random drones or ambiguous opponents that I knew nothing about; I now had an objective and I had my targets.
“Windsom, let’s start the next portion of training,” I a.s.serted, standing up and straightening my back.





Chapter 113
Peering down from the edge of the cliff we were currently standing on, I couldn’t help but grow anxious. The forest looked like one giant bush that spilled over the visible horizon, with the cluttered trees blocking any view of what laid below. Large birds and other fearsome winged species hovered over the dense collection of green, diving in and retrieving their meal every so often. What scared me more than them, however, were the occasional roars that echoed in the distance. I could only imagine how large they must be if they were able to shake or even bring down trees that blocked their paths as they traversed through the thick wilderness..
“This is where you will be training,” Windsom announced, his gaze still fixed on the forest.
“Of course it is,” I sighed, making sure that the sack slung over my shoulder was fastened tight.
“Shall we?” After replying with a quick nod, the two of us jumped off the cliff, spreading mana through our body while trying to keep balance against the harsh winds that blew around us.
Right as we were about to plunge into the scores of trees, I willed an updraft beneath my feet to decrease the speed of my fall.
As Windsom and I landed deftly into the massive realm of woodland, the atmosphere changed drastically. The ground beneath my feet was soggy, like walking on foam, and as I placed my weight down, the damp earth relented, hugging my boots and gently releasing them with each step I took.
My nose was bombarded with scents from the abundant foliage, mixed in with the underlying damp smell of moss, dirt and decay from fallen lumber.
“You have given me everything except for the items in your bag, correct?” The asura confirmed, holding his palm out in case I missed something.
“Everything I own is in that dimension ring, which isn’t much. Anything else you wish to take from me? My clothes? A kidney or lung perhaps?” I quipped, looking around at my surroundings.
“Amusing,” the asura replied flatly, taking out a book from his cloak. “Now, since you were so adamant on the fact that you have complete mastery over your internal mana control—”
“I simply said it wasn’t necessary to waste time training that explicitly,” I countered.
“Anyway, I will consider your level sufficient upon retrieving me these three things.” He pointed at the open book.
“Pelt of a raptor squirrel, the beast core of a silver panther, and the claws of a titan bear,” I read the list aloud, absorbing the black and white drawings of each of the mana beasts.
“... and these items will prove, somehow, that I am ready to learn more about the will Sylvia had left me with?” I handed the book back to him.
“In a way. Of course, on the condition that you not use any external mana arts whatsoever. Ah, and you are to wear this at all times,” Windsom added, handing me a bell roughly the size of my fist.
“I really do have to question your idea of training,” I sighed again as I held up the silver bell, triggering a series of vibrant rings way too loud for a single bell to make.
“Let me know when you’ve collected all of the things on the list by breaking the bell.” He turned around, preparing to leave, but stopped. “Oh, and I recommend getting the items in that order.”
Just like that, he was gone, leaving me alone in this forest with nothing but a bell, some blankets, and a leather pouch filled with fresh water.
I had no idea what exactly Windsom was trying to accomplish by having me hunt for these items, but if that was what it took to speed up the training process, then that was reason enough.
“Let’s see. First on the list is the pelt of a raptor squirrel,” I mumbled quietly to myself. It seemed easy enough aside from the fact that I had to capture one in a fairly good condition.
I pondered over the three items that Windsom requested. If this was some form of a test to measure my internal mana manipulation, that meant that these mana beasts possessed skills, which require me to have a certain level of mastery over them. The fact that it was some type of squirrel most likely meant that it was near the bottom of the food chain. If that was the case, then in order to protect itself, it probably had some sort of defense mechanism, like most preys, to avoid getting eaten.

According to the picture, the raptor squirrel looked like any other squirrel, except with more prominent hind limbs, three, thin tails, and beady eyes. Observing my surroundings, I had yet to see any sort of wildlife.
Concentrating mana into my eyes, I enhanced and increased the range of my vision. Nothing.
I was constantly on the lookout for any indication of fauna while making my way towards the other end of the forest. Several hours had passed but still, no signs.
“This damn bell!” I yelled louder than I had meant to. As if constantly mocking me, the bell rang at the slightest movement I made, deterring any creatures from coming near me.
As the sky darkened so did my mood; all that I had to show for the passing of time was my frustration at the lack of progress. Deciding to call it a night, I made camp out of the hollow trunk of a fallen tree.
To my irritation, sounds of small animals, hidden in the veil of darkness, came out around my campsite as soon as I laid down.
As I tried to get back up, the tinkle of the bell reverberated loudly through the otherwise silent night, causing the creatures to scurry away swiftly.
‘I’ll start fresh tomorrow,’ I decided with a sigh, burrowing back inside my blanket as a chill breeze flowed through the log I was nestled in, and through my clothes, shriveling me up.
A ray of light somehow made it past the layer of leaves and branches and onto my face, rousing me from my slumber. I stayed hidden inside the log, though, keeping completely still so as to not agitate the bell. However, after a few hours, it was obvious that the bell wasn’t the only reason the raptor squirrels were keeping clear of me.
The mana beasts that were at the bottom of the food chain had probably developed extremely acute senses that made up for its lack of vision to avoid predators, which was why, even when I was nearly asleep and completely frozen, they still kept their distance.
For now, hiding my presence was my best bet at hopefully luring the raptor squirrels out. How to catch them, I would have to figure that out after.
After a brief search, I found a decently situated shrub close to a clearing that was thick enough to hide inside. Making myself as comfortable as possible within the stiff branches and prickly leaves, I waited.
Rescinding all of the mana I had constantly circulating around my body, I stayed motionless and observed. Because of the assimilation with Sylvia’s will, my body was a lot sturdier than most humans, but I still felt a bit vulnerable leaving my body unprotected in these unfamiliar grounds.
Minutes soon bled into hours as I waited. It wasn’t enough to retract your mana; I realized that it was absolutely necessary to clear your mind and intent when dealing with preys. I could feel my breathing soften, almost disappearing as I exhaled in accordance with the occasional breeze that flowed by.
Finally, the fruits of my labor showed as a tiny snout popped out from one of the other bushes, curiously sniffing around for signs of danger. Soon, a few raptor squirrels scuttled about with their three tails constantly twirling around like antennas, desperately trying to find some food before predators caught wind of their presence.
I knew it was impossible to catch the first item on my list today, so I used this opportunity to test some things out. I started by emitting just a bit of mana; the raptor squirrels responded immediately by raising their hind legs to elevate their tails. They had obviously sensed the minute fluctuation of mana and were a lot more tense, some even scurrying away.
As I kept testing their limits, I learned three things: The first was that leaking even a bit of purified mana didn’t necessarily drive them away, but alarmed them to a degree where it would be impossible to try and catch one. Exerting too much purified mana would undoubtedly lead them to immediately flee. The second interesting thing I learned was that internalizing mana inside my body did not trigger their alarm signal, but too much concentration and focus did cause my intent to bleed out, causing them to scatter. The last thing I learned, and perhaps the most useful, was that external mana flow did not startle or even prompt them to take notice.
I learned this as I sat, hidden, meditating. When I was absorbing the surrounding mana, there were no signs of agitation from the raptor squirrels. It was only when I began actively purifying and condensing the mana that they began to notice something was wrong.
The testing took the whole day since I had to change locations every time I made them flee, but with these three observations, I finally had something to work with.
‘I wonder if Sylvie is doing okay with her training,’ I thought as I wrapped my blanket around me back inside the hollow log I decided to use as a makeshift tent. The same worries that I always carried ran through my mind as soon as I had some time to think. How was my family? How was Tessia? How was Elijah? Was he even alive? If so, would I ever get the chance to save him?
It seemed like I had been lost in my own thoughts through the whole night, but at one point, my eyes snapped open to the soft glow of the morning sun.
After packing my scarce belongings, I filled my pouch with a puddle of morning dew that had formed from nearby leaves and made my way to a clearing.

Today’s goal wouldn’t be observing or even catching a raptor squirrel. I wanted to test a little idea that I had based on the three observations yesterday.
As I stood in the center of a small clearing surrounded by plants, with mushrooms I had picked up along the way that raptor squirrels ate; I put my theory into action.

Because my physiology was that of an augmenter, the mana channels, responsible for effectively spreading purified mana from my core throughout the rest of my body, were much more prominent than my mana veins, which were used to absorb unpurified, atmospheric mana into the body.
However, for this technique, I had to balance the output of purified mana from my mana core through my mana channels and the input of atmospheric mana through my mana veins.
With a perfect balance, I should be able to utilize mana without anyone, or anything, being able to sense that I was. That is in theory, of course.
My mana veins were naturally much more under-developed compared to my mana channels so I started by matching the output of mana to the amount that I was able to input. The feeling was somewhat similar to when I first learned Mana Rotation from Sylvia, but much harder.
The longer I practiced, the more evident it became that it wasn’t as easy as I imagined it to be. A certain finesse was needed to accurately come to a point of equilibrium between the two opposing actions, despite doing it while standing still; attempting this while moving would be a whole other mountain.
My perception of time had gotten lost somewhere in the middle of my practice, but to my surprise, when I opened my eyes for the umpteenth time, there were finally raptor squirrels eating from the pile of food that I had picked up.
However, my delight was brief, because as soon as my concentration slipped, they were immediately aware of the mana fluctuation that I had been trying to camouflage.
“Yes!” I pumped my fist. This was good progress. One of the downsides was that, my mana supply ran out... fast. I would be able to practice this for only a few minutes at a time before I had to stop and resupply my mana core.
Even the fact that I was almost at silver-core stage didn’t help because of the excess mana being thrown away at improper utilization of this impromptu technique.
The next morning, I kept to my routine and practiced in the middle of the same clearing. It wasn’t until the fourth day that I felt like I had enough control to try moving while keeping up this technique.
By the end of the week, I was able to slowly move around but because of the bell tied to my waist, even when they couldn’t sense mana, they fled. But I already thought of this. If all it took was hiding my presence, I wouldn’t have needed to find a way to utilize this technique.
I needed to master this technique in order to use mana in bursts, pouncing on the raptor squirrels before they could react to the sound of my bell.
Drawing a line in the soft dirt and positioning myself in front of a designated tree as my target, I practiced.
I stopped right when my bell rang. My goal was to reach the tree by the time the bell chimed, so for this, I needed to utilize enough mana to instantaneously move at a speed fast enough to not shake the bell, all the while balancing the input and output flow of atmospheric mana and my purified mana in order to camouflage my presence from the raptor squirrel’s tail.
“Again.” I turned and walked back to the starting point after hearing the bell.
“Again,” I repeated to myself.
As I continued, I realized that I was essentially aiming for something similar to the technique Kordri had once used when he was sparring with me. Controlling mana flow and power while manipulating your own presence to either hide or emit it, throwing off your opponent’s senses.
Erasing your presence by using the barely traceable atmospheric mana to mask the output of your own mana, and instantly gaining speed to reach your opponent. Was this the skill that Windsom had been trying to test?
Again, I would try, and again I would fail to reach my goal. But with each attempt, the distance between the tree and I shortened before the bell jingled.

It was just one step, but so much concentration and precision went into getting it even partly right.
However, this single, instantaneous step, coupled with the form of combat that I had been taught by Kordri as well as the sword art that I had developed myself, could undoubtedly become an important trump card.
I remembered how disoriented and helpless I had been when Kordri had used this skill, erasing his presence as he attacked, while the next instant, he would emit his presence only to shift positions and throw me off. Although the asura wasn’t using his mana in the same way as what I’m attempting to do, his innate power could be easily comparable to that of someone in the silver core stage.
“Almost,” I encouraged myself, positioning myself for another attempt.
I wasn’t sure how many hours had passed since the dense cluster of trees covered most of the sky, but I sunk down against the tree.
Days passed by as I continued practicing, until...
“Hehe...”
I laughed meekly in victory as I stared at the depressed, dirt trail that I had made from the days of mastering this skill. While the rest of the ground was littered with leaves and broken twigs, only the thin trail I had been constantly dashing back and forth on was paved clear.
I tried getting up, but my legs trembled in protest, too worn out to carry my weight. Still, I felt good for the first time in a while since coming to this godforsaken forest. “I’ll wipe out those stupid raptor squirrels to extinction,” I declared triumphantly.
WINDSOM’S POV:
‘What is the boy planning?’ I thought to myself, keeping a fair enough distance from him. I had left him unattended for two weeks, thinking it would be plenty of time for him to have caught a raptor squirrel.
From the fact that I wouldn’t have been able to find him in this forest without the help of the bell I had given him, it was obvious that he had mastered erasing his presence. Despite this, Arthur had yet to catch a single squirrel.
The raptor squirrels were swift and highly perceptive. Since their eyes were bad, they relied on their acute nose to sniff for food and their tails to sense any sort of mana fluctuation or even movement in the area. If their tails detected a high concentration of mana or even a minute change in mana levels in the area, it would be difficult for even an asura to catch one.
However, beyond that, the raptor squirrels were rather simple-minded. After erasing his presence, if the boy were to stay absolutely still with some bait in his hands, it would be easy for him to catch one. Yet, the boy had laid out food in front of him, instead.
‘Well, he learned the necessary skill that I wanted him to learn,’ I shrugged, but for some reason, my gaze was still glued to the boy, as if waiting for something astonishing to happen.
The boy stood unmoving as he continued to wait patiently for a raptor squirrel to draw near.
In the blink of an eye, the boy had suddenly disappeared and reappeared in front of the raptor squirrel with his hand stretched out.
“He...” my voice trailed off in awe.
Right when the boy was about to grab ahold of the raptor squirrel, however, the bell I had given him rang and the raptor squirrel darted away just outside of Arthur’s grasp.
“Gah!” The boy yelled, obviously frustrated as he kicked the pile of food he had gathered to lure in the raptor squirrel.
There was no way he could move at that speed without using mana, but...
I couldn’t sense it.
That means, he wasn’t simply just erasing his presence by withdrawing his mana and hiding his intent. He had been effectively using his own mana while covering it with the pure mana surrounding him
Mirage Walk. It was a rather crude shadow of it, but Arthur had definitely just succeeded in the first step of Mirage Walk. It was a movement technique to put it simply, but it was also much more than that. Mirage Walk was the essence of what made the Thyestes Clan reign over all of the other clans within the Pantheon race.
For a mere human boy to be able to grasp the fundamentals for a mana art that even took me years to grasp... and this was with Kordri secretly teaching me despite his Clan’s strict secrecy regarding their mana arts.
For him to be able to get this far just by watching Kordri...





Chapter 114
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
“Finally,” I whispered, too quiet for the silver panther to hear.
There it was, cautiously sniffing around as it approached the raptor squirrels I had killed and placed carefully to lure it out. My ever-so-elusive target.
My eyes locked onto the large, gray cat that I had named Clawed because it had four, long gashes across its back. Clawed and I had gotten close during the time spent trying to hunt for silver panthers. This particular oversized cat was by far the most cunning of the silver panthers that I had come across and the most arrogant; which was why I had decided that Clawed would be my target.
I focused back on the cat just a few meters away from me as Clawed stopped and looked around, ready to escape at a moment’s notice.
I patiently waited for him to draw near, making sure to keep any traces of my presence hidden. Coalescing the raw mana around me with the purified mana inside my body, I prepared my attack. As I gathered mana in my legs and right arm, I lowered myself carefully into an ideal position since he couldn’t see me anyway, making sure I didn’t set off the bell.
The muscles in my calves and thighs twitched in anticipation at the thought of finally being able to catch that elusive cat. Right when Clawed bent down to continue its lunch, I propelled myself forward and struck at a speed that would’ve shocked my old self.
The distance I near-instantly cleared from my initial position to where I now was - in front of Clawed - measured out to be roughly six meters, but somehow Clawed had already disappeared before my attack could connect.
My augmented fist sunk deep into the soft dirt floor, the silver panther nowhere in sight.
“Damn it! Again?” I cursed, impatiently prying my buried hand from underneath the ground.
‘Where did I go wrong? How could it react so fast?’ I thought as I looked back at where I was initially positioned. The location was close enough for me to cover instantaneously. I was well-hidden inside the bushes, and I had even gone through lengths to mask any smell from my body that might set it off. It was all supposed to be perfect. My execution of the technique I had been training in was near perfect.
I kneeled down, inspecting the pawprints of Clawed and my own footprints. I was missing something, but what?
I could see where I landed after using Burst relative to where Clawed had been positioned, but something about the markings on the ground didn’t add up.
Settling down against a nearby tree, I closed my eyes, replaying the scene in my mind to see if I could figure out where I went wrong.

“Windsom wouldn’t have made me acquire a silver panther beast core unless it proved to teach me something different than hunting raptor squirrels,” I said aloud. “In terms of speed, the raptor squirrel was definitely faster than a silver panther. So why couldn’t I kill one?”
Arriving at no satisfying conclusion, I decided to make my way back.
Looking at the remains of the raptor squirrels Clawed had been feasting on, I clicked my tongue in annoyance. Not only was I unable to capture Clawed, but there were also barely any scraps left of the raptor squirrels for me to eat.
After packing what was left of the mangled squirrel, I wiped the dirt and blood off me at a nearby stream. Seeing as I only had one set of clothes, I tried to make sure it stayed clean, but through the weeks of hiking and training in these woods, my wardrobe had become tattered.
“Arthur, you are not easy to look at,” I said derisively to my reflection in the stream. My hair was disheveled and much longer now, my bangs reaching all the way to my chin. The bags underneath my eyes had turned purplish from lack of sleep. All in all, little remained of my former, hygienic self; replacing it was some unintelligent-looking brute.
It was hard for me to believe that more than a month had passed since the last time I had any actual interaction with someone other than the animals I had caught.
Windsom had visited me the night I had finally been able to capture a raptor squirrel. He hadn’t said much with his permanently disinterested expression except that the technique, or rather, the preface of it that I had self-taught, was called Mirage Walk. He had disappeared soon after, leaving me by my lonesome to eat the lean meat of a raptor squirrel’s hind leg.
The next morning, I had set out in search of the next prey on my list, a silver panther. However, it had become fairly obvious during the weeks that I had spent inside the forest, training to catch more raptor squirrels, that there were no signs of larger mana beasts at all.
Thus, leading me to venture out further into the woods despite the dangers that might’ve followed. It wasn’t until about three weeks of trekking deeper into the forest that I had begun seeing different species of mana beasts; larger ones as well.
I would’ve cleared more ground in those three weeks had I not been using the journey itself as a form of training.
Burst or Burst Step.
That was what I had decided to name the first sequence of Mirage Walk. Windsom had only mentioned that what I had done to catch the raptor squirrel was only a mere introductory step of the actual essence of Mirage Walk, but he had refused to divulge any more information than that. However, seeing that the technique I used had certain steps or levels to reach full mastery, I had decided to name this first tier Burst Step.
I had traversed through the forest, using the abundance of trees as a natural obstacle course to practice, hoping to gain some insight to improve the skill.
Going through with this training had made me realize how much concentration, coordination, reflexes, control, and agility one needed to utilize the full potential of Mirage Walk properly. I had succeeded in capturing a raptor squirrel with Burst Step only because I had made the necessary preparations to be able to. It had been a flat clearing with no obstructions to get in my way. The distance was short, and within view, it had no time even to react.
However, trying to travel through the lush greenery, congested with trees and uneven ground, to get a foothold using only Mirage Walk had made me feel as though I was an infant again, except this time with my feet tied together. It was terribly frustrating, tripping over the slightest misstep, even the faintest miscalculation in trajectory resulted in a not-so-elegant tumble and a face full of mud; slowly and painstakingly, I made my way deeper into the woods.
It had been over a week since I first arrived at this particular domain. The mana in this area was much denser than where I had been before, which was probably one of the reasons why it was so appealing to higher level mana beasts.
And here I was, still with nothing to show for besides the number of tears in my shirt and holes in the soles of my boots.

As I finished washing myself, I inspected the leftover meat I had brought back. “This isn’t enough,” I sighed looking up at the sky.
Dusk had spread a thin veil of darkness over the forest, but it was still light enough to hunt. I laid out some mushrooms I had picked along the way and waited, crouching underneath a large root eight meters away. With my level of mastery, I could clear almost ten meters in an instant using Burst Step without triggering the bell.
As I waited, keeping my presence hidden, I observed carefully for any signs of movement. There was faint sound of rustling, but it came from above me, somewhere up in the trees. Glancing up, the last glint of sunlight reflected off the eyes of the predator. It was some sort of large, black bird.

As the forest completely darkened, the bird and I waited, hoping for any signs of our next meal.
Finally, I locked onto the figure of a lone raptor squirrel. Before the squirrel drew close enough to be in range for me to kill, the black bird had already decided to take action.
I barely glimpsed the faint shadow of the bird diving down; no noise made whatsoever. It wasn’t unnaturally fast like the raptor squirrel or silver panther, but at night, it was near impossible to see this predatory bird.
As the black blur drew closer to the unsuspecting prey, something unexpected happened. The bird, nearly invisible to the naked eye, spread its wings and let out a loud crow.
The squirrel immediately jumped, but the crow seemed to have been expecting that because, instead of swooping down where the squirrel had been, it stretched out its talons to where it leaped away.
That whole scene looked as if the squirrel simply leaped into the claws of the bird, wanting to be its next meal.
I had lost my meal to the bird, but I gained something much more valuable instead.
“Hehe.” Hoping to be able to put my plan into action, I waited again. As I predicted, the bird had finished its meal and was waiting patiently in a different tree. The bird’s wingspan alone was about larger than mine so I knew that one squirrel wouldn’t be enough.
About half an hour passed when another raptor squirrel finally emerged. As its three antenna-like tails surveyed for danger, it cautiously approached the small pile of mushrooms.
On cue, I saw the swift blur of black out of the corner of my eyes.
Not yet.
It happened again. Right when the black bird swooped down and stretched out its talons, the raptor squirrel appeared as if it jumped right into the bird’s grasp.
Now!

Using Burst Step, I cleared the eight meters between us, and before the black bird had even the chance to react, I reached for its neck.
The bird let out a surprised crow as it flapped desperately to escape my hand. To my surprise, however, the greedy bird never let go of its meal even as I snapped its neck.
“Yes!” I couldn’t seem to wipe the smile off my face as I made my way back to my camp with my two trophies. I was happy that I would have something tastier to eat than the tough and lean squirrel meat, but I was even more satisfied with the fact that I had figured out how Clawed and the rest of his brethren had been escaping from me every single time.
It didn’t take long for me to get back to my camp, which was just a hollow log I had covered with branches and leaves to protect me from the rain.
Eagerly plucking the feathers off of the bird so that its fat-coated skin would still be intact, I grilled it over the fire I had made alongside with the skinned raptor squirrel. Chewing on the tender meat of the bird’s thigh, I started thinking.
I had uncovered two things as I saw the black bird capturing the raptor squirrel: First, the bird was stealthy and swift, but its speed couldn’t compare to that of a raptor squirrel. It was able to because it knew that when it made itself known, the squirrel would try to flee in a particular direction. The second thing I had deduced was the significance of my involvement in this. As a third party spectator, I was able to see the bird beforehand, and I immediately knew what its motives were even before it had attacked, something the squirrel had no way of knowing.
“But this still doesn’t explain how I can catch Clawed,” I muttered to myself, ripping out another bite of grilled fowl.
Based on all of my failed attempts, I knew by now that Clawed and the rest of his kind had some hyperacute intuition that allowed him to react near instantly at the sight of my movement. I also knew that, unlike the bird and squirrel that I was feasting on, Clawed was smart. There had been several occasions where he would get close enough to me that I knew he was mocking me, but as soon as I got in a stance, he fled even before I could execute Burst Step. He was smart to a level where he knew he could evade me, but not fight me face-to-face.
Finishing the last of my meal, I walked over to the side of my camp where I had cleared some space for me to train.
I stood at the edge of the open space and imagined Clawed to be lurking at the other end. “How am I supposed to catch a cat that reacts as soon as I try to approach it?”
Approach... approach? That was it! It was just like the black bird! The bird had tricked the squirrel by intentionally exposing itself, using it as a feint to get the squirrel into the air where it couldn’t change direction.
Even when Kordri, an asura, had used Burst Step, it was still essentially still a single step. Corresponding muscles were still used to propel himself towards me. Even though the essence of Mirage Walk was to conceal fluctuation of mana to throw off the opponent completely, I still had to move the muscles that were responsible for making that one, incredibly fast, step.
But what if I could get rid of that?
What if I could almost entirely void the motion needed for me to make that step? Appearing as if I had truly teleported from even a standstill position.
If I could do that, I could, in theory, feint Clawed.
But how do I come up with a way to make Burst Step into something that would bypass the need to control the muscles mechanically?
I’d imagine if I were any other mage or mana manipulator in this world, I would’ve thought of it as impossible, but I had one crucial advantage: Knowledge from my past life.
Due to my mediocre ki center, I had studied in-depth about the human body, namely the working mechanics of what went into essentially putting the human body into movement. It was through this knowledge that I had been able to fully utilize the little ki I had inside me to become a king.
Shutting my eyes, I used the entirety of my concentration as I spread mana throughout every crevice, no matter how micro, of the inside of my body.
When I opened my eyes, the sun was already high up in the sky. Sweat and grime covered my body as I slowly stretched my stiff body that had been standing still for hours. But I was happy. Ecstatic.
Not only had I reached a breakthrough to get me at the very peak of the light yellow stage, but I had also figured it out.
“I got it,” I grinned.





Chapter 115
The quadriceps located at the front of the thighs; they were responsible for pushing the thigh and leg forward. The hamstrings were the quadriceps’ opposing muscles, responsible for bending the leg and moving it backward. The glutes were crucial to complete the backward movement of the step. The abdominal muscles would contract during each forward step. The calf muscles, albeit smaller, were actually among the most heavily used muscles that propelled the body forward as the foot pushed off the ground. These were just the primary muscles.
The secondary muscles that also needed to be taken into account were the stabilizing muscles located around the pelvis. These series of muscles formed a crown around the pelvis, which included the internal and external abductors, I think they were called, the lower abdominal muscles and the spinal muscles located in the back. The tibialis... something, the thin strip of muscle that helped you flex the ankle in order to move the foot towards the knee, was also used to make sure the foot wouldn’t flatten, creating a greater chance of scraping against the ground or an object.
The body had an intricate muscular system that worked in pairs, each responsible for half of a complete movement. The biceps flexed when the arm curled towards the shoulder, while the triceps triggered when the arm straightened out. The mechanisms inside the body were even more complex when putting the body into motion, such as walking, running, or jumping.
This knowledge hadn’t been all that useful until now because of my rather exceptional physique in mana. However, in the case where I needed to further evolve the first sequence of Mirage Walk, I would need to utilize all of this knowledge and a step above that, eventually putting it into application.
“Damn!” I lifted my arms to catch myself as I toppled forward onto the pile of leaves I had fashioned into a bed.
Noticing that the sun had already set, I went back to my camp and retrieved a few strips of squirrel meat that I had smoked prior so that I didn’t have to keep hunting.
“I really wish I could use the aether orb for this,” I muttered, looking down at the charred, tasteless meat in my hand.
I had made significant progress since I first put on hiatus my hunt for Clawed and devoted all of my time and energy into training this past week, splitting the days into practicing Burst Step and refining my mana core. The remaining two or three hours were used for sleep.
However, the more I practiced, the more I hungered to master this movement technique. With the tweak I had made using my previous knowledge of human anatomy, Mirage Walk would become even more refined, theoretically. Not only would it be instant and versatile, but it would also be as deadly as it was elegant.
The basics of Burst Step that I had first succeeded in executing looked almost like a wide leap, granted that it was still incredibly fast. This was because, although mana couldn’t be sensed under the effects of Mirage Walk, there was still a stance and a series of motions that needed to be made in order for the human body to be able to take that step.
Kordri, even as an asura, using Burst Step in his human form, also couldn’t ignore the mechanisms of his body despite his superior physique.
What I was working my way towards was consciously and deliberately manipulating mana, channeling it into specific muscles at a certain progression with precise timing to artificially trigger a sequence in my body that mimicked the use of muscles without actually having the need to maneuver.
If I could get the timing and output of mana controlled perfectly, I would be capable of something even Kordri couldn’t do—execute Mirage Walk in, but not limited to, an orthostatic or standing position.
“Gah, even thinking about it was confusing,” I relented. Finishing my dinner, I headed back to the clearing I had crudely optimized in the last week.
Standing about five meters away from the bed of leaves that was made to soften my fall, I concentrated. Willing mana to manipulate my muscles was a lot like using your thoughts to make a dummy move. Most of the movements that people do were automatically done; I didn’t have to think of what muscles I needed to use to breathe. However, since I would be using a mediating factor, mana, in order to generate an action from my body, it was like learning to move all over again.
“Ugh.” I spat out the mouthful of leaves and wiped my tongue with my sleeve. Getting back up, I returned to my initial position and concentrated again, disregarding the increasing aches in my legs.
I had somewhat succeeded in propelling myself using the bare minimum amount of movement, but coming to a proper stop was another, huge obstacle that I was having trouble overcoming.

Just like how a toddler couldn’t control how far or high he jumped, using mana to manipulate the inner workings of my body had made it hopelessly difficult for me to control.
However, at least the initial step and the very foundation of Mirage Walk where I manipulated atmospheric mana to conceal the fluctuations of mana in my body had become much easier for me. I still needed to balance the capacity of my mana veins to my mana channels for me to better control this, but I didn’t have time for that now.
After I had properly hidden my presence, I imagined the muscular system in my body. Recalling all the muscles responsible for using Burst Step, I tried once again.
Interrelated parts of the body required for movement lit up on the imaginary figure of myself in my head to better conceptualize the specific order that I had willed the mana to trigger. I could feel the corresponding muscles pulse as mana coursed through in the sequence I had commanded. With just the slight shift of my left leg and the aid of mana, the landscape around me blurred as I executed Burst Step from a standing upright position.
Despite the mana I had willed to reinforce my legs from the stress, a sharp pain coursed through my lower body.
“Woah!” I yelped as I tumbled forward onto the pile of leaves once again.
I had failed again in coming to a full stop. Even if mana could help me with the initial burst of speed, it was much harder to stop in the exact position and location that I had wanted to.
Letting out a defeated sigh, I continued practicing.
As the sun sank and a crescent moon shifted into view, I laid there in the bed of leaves staring vacantly at the night sky. Raising my hand, I pinched at where the moon appeared to be with my fingers. The moon looked so small from here... how small did I appear to be to the moon?
I focused on the left arm that I had lifted, staring at the feather Sylvia had given me to cover the orb with and the dragon will she had imparted to me.
This, and Sylvie, were all I had left of the asura that had saved me, taken care of me, and protected me as a child. Would training like this really allow me to hear from her again, eventually?
Reminiscing my time with her had made long for everyone else. Despite how poorly we had parted, I missed my family.
“Enough, Arthur.” I slapped my cheeks and sat up from the pile of leaves. There were only so many hours in a day, and I couldn’t afford to waste more out here in this godforsaken forest.
Taking a deep breath, I began cultivating my mana core. It had been a slow process once I got to the light-yellow stage. I was chipping away at a mountain with only a spoon in my hand, but there was definite progress.
I got lost in the ever-cumbersome process of absorbing, purifying, and refining when the familiar chirps of morning birds snapped me out of my meditation.
I was covered in sweat and grime as my body expelled the impurities in my mana core, making me not only filthy but hungry as well.
Looking at the remains of smoked meat I had left, I would have to hunt today. After gnawing through the remainder of my charred squirrel, I packed my water pouch and departed.
Keeping my mind placid and my presence hidden with Mirage Walk, I slowly trekked deeper into the dense forest. It had been harder for me to find wildlife near camp, so every time I hunted, I needed to go a bit deeper.

By the time I noticed, however, I realized that the forest had gotten much quieter. Birds chirped in the nearby distance, but there were no signs of raptor squirrels or other mana beasts in the vicinity
“Hmm,” I muttered, surveying the area. Releasing the use of Mirage Walk, I concentrated mana into my ears. I wasn’t able to hear anything at first, but after a few minutes I caught on to a faint noise. It sounded like a growl. I couldn’t tell how far away it was, but the sound was familiar; there was a silver panther nearby.
I got a little closer, making sure to hide my presence again. I enhanced my hearing once again, but this time, I was able to make out more noise. I could hear the faint gurgling sound of running water, and a bit past that to the northeast. What I also noticed was that it wasn’t just one silver panther. There were two panthers in the same vicinity.

“That’s odd,” I noted. My understanding of the silver panthers, from what I’d seen so far, was that they were territorial amongst each other and hunted by themselves.
Perhaps they were fighting over territory? That would certainly explain the lack of prey in the vicinity...
Implementing Mirage Walk again, I hastily made my way towards the ensuing battle. I couldn’t help but grin at my luck.
My speculation had been correct; as I stealthily approached the sound of the silver panthers, I spotted their distinct silver coat near a small clearing of trees alongside a cliff. It was impossible to tell how deep down the fall was from here, but just from the fact that there was a good two hundred yards from here to the other end of the chasm, and I couldn’t see the ground meant that if those silver panthers fell off, it wouldn’t be easy for me to retrieve their bodies.
Hiding behind a nearby tree, I observed. It was easy to figure out that they were clearly hostile to one another, but what caught me by surprise was that one of the silver panther was Clawed; the distinct scars on his back made him easily distinguishable. His opponent, on the other hand, was unfamiliar to me. He was clearly larger, but by the fresh wounds on its face and side, it seemed like Clawed had the upper hand.
As the two mana beasts slowly circled each other, they let out a low gnarl, baring their sharp teeth.
The opponent was the first to make a move. The larger cat pounced with its claws held high as it let out a fierce snarl.
Clawed reacted instantly, dodging the swipe and countering with his teeth. I became captivated by their fight. Since silver panthers had innately accelerated reflexes and intuition, their exchanges were a relentless flurry of continuous dodging and countering, neither of them incurring any deep wounds. However, for every gash that the larger panther had made, Clawed had given him three in return.
As their battle continued, I didn’t know why, but my heart began pounding restlessly. I was anxious about something, afraid. I had been so caught up in their duel that I didn’t realize how deadly quiet the forest had become, almost mute. There were no sound of birds chirping or mana beasts moving; there wasn’t much as a rustling sound coming from the trees as if even the wind was afraid of something.
Clawed seemed to have noticed as well because he began behaving very cautiously. His fur was standing on end, his tail sticking straight up as he constantly sniffed for something. The larger cat, unaware of the disturbance, took advantage of the opening and pounced at Clawed. Dodging his opponent, Clawed instead turned and started running away.
I didn’t get it. There was something going on, but I couldn’t sense any other presence from here. Why did Clawed run away like that when he was winning?
Putting aside my wariness, I took action against the larger silver panther that remained. He was injured, and his escape routes were limited because of the cliff.
Spotting me, the larger cat began growling, lowering itself into a posture to flee. It knew instinctively that, in its state, it had no chance against me.
The air around us grew heavier as it became harder to breathe, but I maintained my stance.

Now!
The moment I lifted my foot up, the silver panther leaped to the side.
“Got you,” I smirked. Ignoring my protesting legs, I executed Burst Step from my standing position, using the fake step as a feint to get him to move. My surroundings blurred, my eyes focused only on the movement of the wounded mana beast. I had succeeded in cutting him off, but the distance I had cleared was insufficient by just over a meter.
As I lost my balance, I desperately grabbed onto the panther’s neck with my arms and held on tightly.
“Gah!” My body jerked unnaturally from the abrupt change in direction and I left was hanging onto the silver panther with all of my strength.
“You’re mine!” I hissed between my teeth as I used mana to strengthen my hold on him. My only hope was to choke him.
The panther I was riding on let out a vicious snarl as it whipped its head, trying to throw me off but I endured. Its sharp claws tore at my clothes, ripping fresh wounds on my sides and legs before it buckled feebly from lack of air.
Just when I thought the panther was about to relent, it suddenly jerked. As if possessed, it used the last of its strength to throw itself backward. By the time I realized what it had done, the ground underneath us was gone as we plummeted down the steep gorge.
Hurtling down, I was reminded of a very similar scene from when I was just a toddler, thrown off the edge of the mountain in order to save my mother.
A thousand scenarios ran through my head as I struggled to decide on the best option to take. The silver panther that had dragged me down to hell was out cold from my choke and was helplessly falling beneath me.
Uttering a string of curses, I slowly balanced myself on top of the unconscious mana beast and exerted mana into my legs. The scene around me was a constant blur from the speed that we were dropping.
“Windsom would understand!” I convinced myself aloud as I propelled myself off the panther.
With the push, I had slowed down but not nearly enough, and there was no place to grab onto on the edge of the cliff.
Another scene flashed into my head; it was the time when I had fallen down the hole in the dungeon, Widow’s Crypt.
‘Was falling down deep chasms going to be some sort of reoccurring theme in my life?’
A surge of wind gathered into my palms as I stared straight down at the approaching ground, concentrating on coalescing my mana into the spell.
Now!
[Typhon’s Howl]
Releasing the spell gathered my palms, the blast of wind surged toward the ground, a deafening screech echoing throughout the steep ravine.
Gritting through the pain in my arms as they held the brunt of the strain from the recoil, I continued exerting mana into the spell.
I could feel the force of the spell negating my fall as I came to a slow hover. Suspending Typhon’s Howl, I dropped down the remaining few meters onto the ground in the center of the blast radius.
A thick cloud of dust had arisen from where my spell had collided with the dirt floor, impeding my vision. Masking my mouth and nose from the debris in the air, I began making my way out of the dust cloud when an earth-shattering roar resounded.
After the thunderous howl had subsided, the ground shook once again at the sound of heavy footsteps approaching me.
The force of each resonating stomp threw me off balance. Immediately, I dashed toward the edge of the gorge, praying to whatever divine being that ruled this realm that the cause of such devastating sounds were from an earthquake.





Chapter 116
As I made my way toward the edge of the ravine, desperately looking for any place to hide, a deep thud shook the ground. A surge of wind then blew toward me, dispersing the cloud of debris that had been my only source of cover.
It was too late to hide.
Whipping my body to face my new enemy, I waited for the last of the dust to clear. Heavy footsteps approached my direction and the suffocating pressure I felt from the top of the cliff had been magnified tenfold.
Out from the fog of rubble, the shadowed figure stepped out into full view, leaving me all the more confused.
Letting out another devastating roar, it took another step toward me. “For two meals to fall in front of my home just before my deep slumber, how lucky of me.”
I didn’t know what to expect when coming face to face with the titan bear, but I sure as hell didn’t expect it would be half my size and have the ability to talk. Titan bear my ass, there was nothing ‘titan’ about it. Maybe it was just a cub? In which case, this was a good opportunity.
I stood my ground, not knowing how to proceed. I would’ve rather avoided a direct confrontation with this mana beast until I knew more about it. The pressure the beast had emitted was no joke, despite its appearance. If this titan bear was only just a cub, I wouldn’t want to have anything to do with a full grown one. Or maybe it was an adult titan bear, and it had the ability to alter its size like Sylvie?
The titan bear looked down, regarding the dead panther in front of him before turning his gaze back to me. “This meal isn’t going anywhere. I should start with you,” the beast, less than a meter tall, growled, licking its lips.
There was no way for me to get out of this without fighting. Lowering my stance, I prepared to fight. I had expected the titan bear to come charging at me, but it stood in place.
Abruptly, the mana beast thrust its paw in my direction, somehow propelling me backward.
The bell tied to my waist rang mockingly as I tumbled on the hard ground.
“Guh!” I gasped for breath, relieved that it wasn’t blood that I had just choked out.
‘What the hell was that? It felt like I was shot in the stomach by a cannon.’ Getting back on my feet, I concentrated on the titan bear that was about ten meters away.
“Ooh! A tough meal,” the bear snickered. The sight of a bear, no higher than my elbow, standing on two legs and speaking coherently was an odd sight, but I had no room to be amused.
His attack just now was definitely some kind of long range spell, but I couldn’t understand why I had felt no mana.
The bear slowly lifted his paw, as if mocking me. As soon as the titan bear swung down, I activated Mirage Walk and used Burst Step.
My jaw clenched as I gritted through the ache that had intensified throughout the past several days.
A sharp pain suddenly came from my left leg. Looking down, I could see fresh blood flowing from a gash on the back of my calf.

I had expected the attack to be like the last one, but this invisible spell had taken the form of something sharp.
This attack as well; I wasn’t able to sense it.
The smile on the titan bear’s face was gone. It seemed like he wasn’t expecting me to dodge another one of his attacks.
“Stop running!” It growled, swinging his paw once more.
Immediately dropping to the floor, I narrowly avoided the slash attack, the severed tips of my hair sprinkling down on my nose.
It was a risky gamble, but through that last attack, I was able to figure it out. When he slashed with his paw, the attack that was released was also a sharp slash. When he punched with his paw, like he had for the first move, a blunt force was shot out.
The titan punched at me from the distance, sending another invisible cannon my way. Even when I concentrated mana into my eyes, I wasn’t able to see the attack, leaving me no choice but to blindly throw myself out of the way.
The mana beast’s spell hit my side and I felt ribs cracking. Not giving me time to prepare again, the bear swung his other paw, releasing another spell immediately after his first one.
I made too wide of a movement to dodge the previous attack for me to be able to avoid this one as well.
Gritting my teeth, I willed more mana to protect my body, waiting for the brunt of the next attack.
The force of the titan bear’s spell knocked me off the ground. Blood spurted from my chest as four horizontal gashes formed just below my collar bone.
“Damn,” I coughed out, suppressing the searing pain. I wouldn’t be able to handle any more direct hits.
I needed to get close to it, but to do that, I needed to be able to dodge the titan bear’s attacks.
The titan bear, aware of my vulnerable state, began smirking confidently again. I wasn’t sure how the titan bear was able to manifest those nearly imperceivable spells, but there was one way of discerning it.
Standing back up, shakily, I waited. To the titan bear, it must’ve looked like I had given up because its smile got even wider as it began licking its lips again in anticipation.
Just as the titan bear lifted its paw up, I firmly kicked the ground in front of me, creating a cloud of dust, covering me from view.
Four slivers immediately sliced through the dust cloud I had made between the beast and me, allowing me to just barely see how wide the attack was before I immediately used Burst Step to avoid it.
“Damn it,” I spat through gritted teeth from the sharp pangs of protest in my legs.
Rolling on the ground and back onto my feet, I prepared myself again. I knew the hitbox of one of his attacks now, and I could make do with that. However, I still needed to be able to completely dodge the attack in the least amount of movement as possible if I’m going to dodge all of his attacks and clear the distance between us.

Thoughts of Kordri’s training popped into my head, and I couldn’t help but reveal a helpless smile. Either this was some big coincidence, or Windsom was indeed a calculative devil.
I glimpsed the impatient titan bear release another attack, this time with a thrust of his paw. I immediately kicked up another cloud of dust to buy time, but the bell attached to me constantly gave away my position. Reacting immediately as a hole tore through the cloud of dust, I forced another Burst Step.

“The more you run, the more painful it’ll be for you and the less of you there’ll be left for me to eat.” The mana beast let foul chuckle that didn’t match his cute appearance.
“Okay! I won’t run anymore!” I stood still with my hands up.
I could clearly make out the almost human-like expression of a triumphant sneer on the bear’s face as it casually released another slicing attack with the swipe of its paw.
I barely had the time to swallow back a choke as I executed the modified Burst Step I had been working on.
As I willed mana into the proper muscles at the precise timing while strengthening my bones to help withstand the force of this abrupt stimulation, I heard a sharp crack from my legs before I was hit with the all-too-familiar sensation of high-speed motion just as the titan bear’s blunt spell pressed against my chest.
My body shifted less than a meter to the right, and the attack that was supposed cave my chest in just barely grazed my left shoulder.
Even more blood began flowing out from the deep gash on my left leg from the sudden pressure I had exerted to use Burst Step; a small crater had formed beneath my legs from the sheer force of the movement. Despite the success of my new movement skill, the explosion of pain that was growing increasingly unbearable had filled me with doubt.
Through sheer will and my own stubbornness to win this fight against my unruly body, I choked down the pain as I concentrated more mana to my lower body.
The titan bear stared at me, confused at first but it’s gaze soon turned sour as it narrowed its eyes in irritation.
Before it had the chance to release its next attack, I kicked at the ground again, creating a cloud of debris to separate us.
I had less than a second to dodge the bear’s attack once it passed through the dust cloud, and I was willing to bet the next assault wouldn’t be just a single attack.
In the midst of this game of dodging the lethal attacks, I had figured out the basis of successfully implementing my new Burst Step. Just as I had to coordinate the mana in my muscles to propel my body, I had to mirror the progression of mana flow in my body to stop the movement as well.
The ground underneath my feet had sunken, once again, due to the force I had to expel in order to come to a stop, but it had worked again.
The cloud of dust I had created was torn into pieces a flurry of attacks from the titan bear headed straight at me.
Burst.
My vision blurred as I propelled myself to the right. The rigid ground cracked at the force of my landing about two meters away. The first step had me gritting in pain but using Burst Step again had sent an explosion of agony through my lower body as the muscles and bones inside me nearly gave out from the stress.

Just as the bell rang, giving away my position, I locked my mouth into a determined snarl and swallowed back any screams of pain that were building up in my throat, and executed Burst Step once more to reach my opponent. The titan bear’s head spun at the sound of my bell, but by that time, I had already closed the gap.
The bear’s dark eyes widened as its maw opened in surprise. Through the haze of pain, I let out a brash smirk. Mana had already been concentrated into my fist to the degree that it was glowing slightly.
The titan bear flailed back. “Wai—”
My augmented fist buried itself into tiny bear’s stomach, creating a loud thud on impact before the mana beast’s body shot towards the edge of the ravine, crashing into the rocky cliff from where I fell.
My legs, numb from the pain, finally relented and the cold ground was soon pressed up against my cheek. Using the last of my remaining strength, I tore off the bell from my waist and crushed it in my hand before my vision darkened and an alluring call beckoned me to sleep.
WINDSOM’S POV:
Arriving down at the gorge, I inspected the scene. There was a silver panther sprawled out, dead, with the ground dyed in blood beneath it. Nearby boulders had deep gashes while there were craters in the ground and wall surrounding them.
‘What exactly had happened here?’ I spotted the boy on the ground and a crater depressed onto the cliff that surrounded this ravine.
‘The boy came all the way down here?’ Arthur was in a rather pitiful state. Tearing off the last of his tattered clothes, he had at least three broken ribs, and the gashes on his chest had reached too deep to be considered a mere flesh wound. However, the most concerning injuries were surprisingly on his legs, as they had become blotched with a sickly purple and red color from extensive internal bleeding. I couldn’t make out the gravity of his wounds, but it had to be treated soon.
‘Was it wrong of me to have left Arthur alone like this? Lord Indrath had ordered me to give the boy some room to grow on his own, but seeing the state he was in now, he could’ve died.’
After treating the boy, I focused my attention on the creature in the center of the blast radius on the ravine’s rocky wall.
“Hmm?” It looked like the cub of a titan bear, but that didn’t make sense. A cub of this size didn’t even have the strength to defend itself; it shouldn’t have been able to injure the boy like this.
A full grown titan bear would stand at least three meters tall, possessing superior defense with its thick coat, but even a full grown one wouldn’t be able to cause this much devastation...
Unless...
Just as I took a closer look at the titan bear cub, its body started writhing unnaturally. Suddenly, its stomach bulged before a black tentacle erupted from inside the dead mana beast, wriggling frantically before it slumped.
“Of course.” Despite the situation, a content smile formed on my face.
‘That explained everything, but to think that Arthur was able to defeat one,’ I sighed.
Demon leech. It was a truly rare specimen that was as intelligent as it was foul native only to Epheotus. By itself, it was weak, but when it latched onto a mana beast, it was able to possess its body and strengthen its host’s core to ridiculous degrees.
Seeing how large the demon leech had grown inside the cub, it was easy to guess that this monster was definitely levels stronger than a mere titan bear.
The boy was lucky that the cub’s body was still fragile. If the leech had possessed a full grown titan bear...
There was no use postulating alternate possibilities. I’m sure it wasn’t done with intent, but Arthur had done right in aiming for the stomach of the cub since this was where the demon leech resided. If the leech had had the strength to make its way to Arthur’s body while he was unconscious, even Lord Indrath wouldn’t have been able to save the boy without crippling him.
Prying the demon leech from inside the corpse, I crushed the parasite in my hand.
“Here you are.” Left in my hand was a shiny white orb that the demon leech had been refining inside the titan bear.
I picked up the boy, placing the white orb inside his mouth. “Your difficulties have paid off for you tremendously, Arthur.”





Chapter 117
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
Even before I was able to open my eyes, the first thing I became aware of was the soft creaking of footsteps on old wood. Echoes of groaning floorboards resounded in my ears, allowing me to get a vague grasp of the size of the room I was held in.
An array of intoxicating smells—rich with unfamiliar herbs and spices—bombarded my senses, distracting me from anything else. Opening my eyes, the first thing to welcome me was the underside of a cottage roof. Besides the parched coarseness of my tongue from lack of water, my body felt fine; or at least, I thought, until I tried moving.
To my horror, there was no response when I tried to lift my legs; there was no sensation or feedback when I tried moving anything from the waist down. I immediately lifted the blankets covering my lower body, only to see that my legs had been completely bandaged and fashioned tightly to a wooden splint to keep them from moving.
“Your legs are fine, Child. I just had to numb them so that you wouldn’t be up all night from the pain,” a gentle, yet slightly brittle voice stirred my attention.
Turning to the origin of the kind voice, I was met with a tender smile from a woman well past her youth, seasoned with the signs of refined aging. While wrinkles marked her face, they did nothing to hide her dignified and graceful demeanor. Dressed in a simple gray robe to match her hair tied tightly in the back to come down in a braid, my caretaker approached me with sparkling eyes.
Letting out a sigh of relief at her words, I sank back down in the bed. “How do you feel, Child?” she cooed, placing a warm hand on my forehead.
I blinked uncomprehendingly. The last thing I remembered was landing a solid blow on the titan bear before passing out. I turned my head around, scanning my surroundings. I was in a spacious room, well-lit and heated by a fire crackling in a stone fireplace. Beside it was a small kitchen muddled with pots and pans of all sizes either hanging on the wall or stacked high on top of each other. Besides the worn upholstered couches placed around the fireplace and a small dining table in front of the kitchen, there was little else inside this cottage.
“Confused, are you?” the aged woman chuckled.
“Yeah,” I replied hoarsely before breaking down into a fit of coughs. The woman promptly got up from her seat beside me and came back with a mug of lukewarm water. After a few deep gulps of what tasted like liquid heaven, I felt confident enough to form cohesive words.
“Thank you...”

“—Myre. You can simply call me Myre, Child,” the lady finished for me, taking the empty mug from my hands.
As I sat there, a searing pain started creeping up my legs, as if a liquid fire had soaked them.
Mistaking my pained expression for fright, Myre let out a soft chuckle. “Don’t worry, I won’t eat you. Although, I did technically kind of steal you away from Windsom. Lucky I did, though. If I had gotten my hands on you any later, I’m afraid your legs would’ve taken a lot longer to heal.”
“I-It’s not that. My legs...” I managed to voice out through gritted teeth.
“Seems like the medicinal rub has lost its effect already." Placing the mug down on the nightstand beside me, Myre began to lift the only thing keeping me from being completely naked.
My hands immediately reached down to cover myself between my legs, which prompted another soft chuckle from my caretaker. Carefully folding the sheets so that only my legs were exposed, she gently hovered her hand over my bandaged legs.
As Myre began unwrapping the bandages, I was able to finally see the full extent of injuries my legs had incurred. I couldn’t help but grow puzzled by the sight of my bare legs. Scars that I never had were strewn across both legs. My knees and ankles had the most cuts, but what confused me most was that these scars looked as if they’d been on my legs for years.
Cold sweat began forming on my forehead as the pain in my legs got worse. Myre began carefully inspecting every inch of my legs after completely removing all of the bandages.
After a satisfied nod to herself, she brought over a bucket filled with a very pungent herbal liquid. I wordlessly observed my caretaker as she diligently cut and soaked strips of cloth and bandaged my legs with nimble fingers. I couldn’t help but fall into a trance from her rhythmic and dexterous movements.
“Elder Myre—”
“Please, Arthur, I would much prefer if you just called me Myre,” she cut me off, her attention still focused on my legs.
“Er, Myre, how long have I been unconscious for?” I asked, afraid that by my seemingly repaired legs, I’d been out for a long time.
“Just over two nights, My Dear." As she finished replacing the last bandage on my left calf, she turned to me, her misty green eyes studying me. “Now, how does that feel?"
“Much more comfortable. Thank you,” I assured gratefully as the pain began subsiding from the cold gel-like liquid soaked into the new bandages.

Accepting my gratitude with a placid smile, she gathered the used cloth and dumped it in a basin filled with water. After pouring some salt-like powder into it, she lifted her dress and stepped inside, using her feet to launder the used cloth.
“Myre, you must be exhausted. Let me wash that for you,” I hurriedly expressed as I willed mana into my hand, preparing to manipulate the water in the basin.
“No no, it’s fine, My Dear. Doing this gives these old bones a chance to get some exercise." She waved my help away with one hand as her other still held the ends of her dress.

As I continued staring blankly at her stomping on the drenched cloth, I couldn’t help but ask, “Myre, am I—are we—still in Epheotus?"
“Why of course we are, Child. Where else would you have been able to mend the sorry state of your legs?” Myre answered, maintaining her rhythmic stepping in the basin.
“My apologies, it’s just that...” My eyes fell to her feet.
“Oh. Well, I suppose it would be easier to do everything I have been doing with mana arts, but what fun is that? Even as asuras, there are things that magic can’t simulate. For example, the coldness of the water between my toes as the wet cloths wrap around my feet. What fun is waving your finger to move the water to do that for you?” she expressed, giving me a wink.
Her words baffled me, but I couldn’t hope to understand the perspective of an ancient race where magic was ingrained into their very being. “I’m sorry, it’s just that waking up in this state was rather confusing to me. Not to be rude, and I’m very thankful for your meticulous care, but I just thought that maybe healing mana art would have quickened the process of my recovery."
“If a simple healing spell had been cast on you, you’d be barely limping, and your bones would’ve taken on an entirely different shape,” the elder chuckled as she willed a towel into her hands with a snap.
Walking towards me, she curled her lips into a mischievous smile. “Besides, I did use mana art to mend your legs.”
Myre flicked her arm at me and, faster than I was able to react, an icy blast seared through my chest.
I immediately sprawled back on the bed, wide-eyed as I stared at the silvery mist that had engulfed the wound I had gotten from the titan bear. As the fire diminished, the once bleeding gashes across my rib cage began healing rapidly.
A musical laughter snapped me out of my daze, and I glanced down to see Myre failing to hold in her amusement. “Gets them every time!” she sighed, her hands still enveloped in the silvery mist.

“H-How?” I blubbered, my fingers tracing the once open cuts that grew smaller and became completely encrusted in scabs.
“A lady needs to have her secrets, My Dear.” Her voice softened as she coquettishly pressed a finger to her lips. Despite her old age, I couldn’t help but blush diffidently at her playful behavior.
Coughing down my embarrassment, I sat back up, albeit covering a little more of myself with the blanket. “Thank you for treating me, Myre, as well as your hospitality. I know there isn’t much room here."
“Not at all. Besides, this old cottage isn’t where I live. I merely use this place to get some peace and, from time to time, treat a patient,” she smiled, handing me a bowl of warm soup. “I don’t treat just anyone you know, but I wanted to meet the human boy who is supposedly the savior of the world,” she declared grandly before shooting me another wink.
Replying with a weak chuckle, I took a careful sip from the bowl. Immediately, a savory broth laced with refreshing hints of herbs enveloped my tongue, enticing me to greedily take another large gulp before setting it down on the nightstand.
“Don’t even try to get up tonight. The wounds on your legs weren’t as simple as the little gashes on your chest. It took hours for your legs to get back in that state, so just get some rest; that is your biggest priority,” Myre warned. “There is water on the counter within arm’s reach, and if you have to use the bathroom, there is a chamber pot right beside the bed. Good night, My Dear.”
Myre left me to my thoughts with the only source of light, the flames, writhing in the fireplace. It seemed like I had just closed my eyes for a second, thinking back to the silver flame she had conjured, when I was jerked awake from another pang of sharp throbs. The pain wasn’t as intense as it had been when Myre had changed the bandages for me, but it was agitating enough to keep me from falling back asleep. The cottage was almost completely dark aside from the few strands of moonlight that made it through the thatched roof.
The fire had long gone out, with only a faint, smoky aroma left. I wasn’t sure to what degree my wounds had healed, but I grew restless at the thought of idly wasting away time.
Abandoning the idea of going back to sleep, I sat back, upright, and began doing the only productive thing I could do in this state: meditate.
As I concentrated on the mana core swirling deep in my sternum, a blast of unfamiliar energy welcomed me. Suddenly, the mountain that I had been chipping away at to reach the silver core was but a flat plain, rolled out like a map for me to cross.
Absorbing mana from my surroundings, I tentatively began refining when the alien energy began hungrily sucking in the mana I had absorbed and coalesced it with my mana core. The light yellow hue of my core started glowing as mana surged throughout my body, filling my veins, muscles, bones, and skin with a fiery energy.
I could feel myself shivering uncontrollably as my core began glowing brighter until it wasn’t yellow, but instead, a bright silver.
The untamed energy that had been raging inside my body continued to chip away at the layers of my core, making my silver core grow brighter and brighter with each influx of energy that hit. I held my breath, afraid that even the slightest shift would halt the rapid progression of my mana core. Eventually, the mysterious energy source that had refined my mana core to the peak of mid-silver stage subsided.
Just when I thought the transformation had finished, the sharp scream of a metal clang filled my ears. As if an invisible wall that had been restraining my mind was gone, my body forcibly shifted into the second phase of Sylvia’s Dragon Will.
Prying my eyes open, I could see the golden runes emerging from my arms and shoulders. To my surprise, the glowing runes began changing, their design growing more complex as they shaped themselves into some kind of ancient language. My disheveled hair started changing colors from my naturally auburn hair to white, then back to auburn again.
The furniture inside the one-room cottage started trembling as straw and splinters fell from the roof, filling the room with more rays of moonlight. However, despite the pots and pans clanging against one another, the only sound that filled my ears was the high-pitched ring.
While my hair changed back to its original color, the newly-formed runes on my body glowed brighter as the color began to drain from the world. Soon, the only colors I was able to see were in the minuscule particles floating around me. But something had changed. During the times that I had used Dragon’s Awakening, I was only able to see four colors: one for each of the four elements. However, specks of purple were dotted abundantly within the array of blue, yellow, red, and green.
After using this form to kill Lucas, I thought I had gotten better at controlling the harsh compulsions that came with using the second phase of Sylvia’s will. However, the will seemed to reject my body more than ever, until I couldn’t bear the agony of my body ripping itself apart anymore.
I released Dragon’s Awakening, and as if a bucket of water had been thrown to douse a raging fire, all of the energy, power, and pain that had been growing larger and larger inside me abruptly vanished. An eerie silence surrounded me as I was left feeling confused, powerless and frail despite the progress my mana core had made.





Chapter 118
“So it’s true.” I turned my head to see Myre leaning against the entryway. “You truly have inherited Realmheart...” The asura’s voice was both solemn and sentimental as it trailed off.
“Excuse me? Realmheart?” I echoed as she approached me with slow steps.
“The physical manifestations displayed from you tapping into Sylvia’s powers, My Dear— the iris glowing purple and those unmistakable glowing runes imprinted on the body. Even within the clan, it is rare. Realmheart—or The Realmheart Physique—is an ability that only the Indrath Clan bloodline can possess. Tell me, Child, were you able to see them?” the asura pressed as her eyes stayed glued to the faint markings which continued to fade from my arms.
Myre reached out and tenderly ran her fingers along the runes. “I’m sorry, but I don’t understand. See what?” I replied, snapping her out of her daze.
“Were you able to see all five of the colors that make up the physical realm?” The asura had an expression I couldn’t quite make out as she awaited my answer.
I thought back to the array of colors that floated around me while in my second phase. “I think so...”
“The Realmheart Physique was named by the ancestors of the Indrath Clan because, in this form, the user’s attunement with the physical realm is said to be unparalleled. While the ability itself does not hold much strength, the power to activate Realmheart allows the user to gain knowledge and insight that those without could never hope to have,” Myre explained. “Which goes to say that knowledge truly is power.”
I reflected back to when I had first used Realmheart against the elderwood guardian. I had assumed that the form was a just a power boost, allowing me to gain access to more mana, but from what Myre had just explained to me, it seemed like using Realmheart actually just allow me to utilize mana with much more efficiency. “There is one thing I don’t quite understand. When I used the second phase—Realmheart—last time, I was only able to see four colors. Why am I now able to see the purple particles?”
Myre pondered for a moment.
“Are you not allowed to tell me about this as well? It seems like none of the asuras want a lesser being learning their techniques and secrets,” I sighed, disappointed.
“Mmm, we asuras are prideful beings indeed. Even amongst the members of the same race, we asuras stay secretive and greedy, the Indrath Clan particularly so.” Myre chuckled for a bit then gave me an inquisitive look. “I won’t say that I’m different from all of them, but I’ve lived long enough and experienced far too much to care about such frivolousness. If you’ll be content with an old lady like me, I’ll be happy to teach you a thing or two.”
I honestly didn’t expect her to go as far as offering to teach me, but taking no chances, I immediately bobbed my head in consent before she could change her mind.
“Good! Now... practical lessons won’t be possible in your current state, but I think a more theoretical approach might be good either way,” Myre answered, tapping her chin with a finger.
Myre explained to me the fundamentals of mana itself and how it affected the world, or what she referred to as “the physical realm.” Much of what she went over was something I had already known to a certain degree. However, the way she strung her words together and explained everything in such an easily digestible manner, it was obvious that she was much more knowledgeable than any of the professors at Xyrus Academy.

She went on, clarifying how it wasn’t natural for lesser beings or even asuras to manipulate raw mana. Mages with a certain affinity to an element had a much easier time absorbing the atmospheric mana that coincided with their particular element. However, in the end, it still had to be absorbed and refined in order for to be utilized. To someone with the Realmheart physique, a fire-affinity mage will appear to be absorbing only the red mana particles, but after completing the refining process, the mana would appear white when first used. This was why body-strengthening spells could be used regardless of what type of affinity a mage was.
“So if, in the end, mana that is absorbed and refined turns white, how come it’s not possible for them to utilize different elements?” I inquired.
“Good question.” Myre seemed pleased by my interruption, rather than annoyed. “It is impossible to control the specific type of element that a mage absorbs, so it is inevitable that the mage will naturally take in the mana particles that his body is most inclined towards.
“Let’s say that a mage’s affinity is towards water; during the process of refining raw mana, the amount of water element his body absorbs will be disproportionate compared to the other elements. So, even though the end result is a purified white mana, during the stage where that mage refined the water elemental mana his body absorbed, the raw mana altered his body to become more predisposed, and his mind to become more insightful of that particular element.”
It must’ve been obvious that I looked a bit confused, because she explained it in more detail.
“Remember when you conjured your first remote spell, whether that be a stream of fire or a sphere of wind? You had to concentrate much more in order for the spell to manifest in the proper form, right? Even infant asuras are taught to verbally chant spells to help them concentrate and visualize what they want. However, after so much time absorbing and refining a specific element, the need to visualize and chant becomes much easier and comes more naturally.
Going back to the water-affinity mage scenario, that mage—no doubt—would have to concentrate on the shape, proportion, density, and even the speed of launch if he were to execute a fireball. However, that same mage will have no trouble raising a stream of water, separating it into multiple orbs and casting it to barrage down on an enemy with just a flick of his wrist. Why?”
“Because of the influence that absorbing a majority of water element had on the mage during the refining process,” I answered.
“Correct! Being exposed to a particular element for so long, the mage would no doubt gain insight during their meditation.” Myre continued on about this subject, stressing heavily again that asuras and lesser beings alike could not manipulate natural mana. After hours passed unheeded on the subject of mana, Myre finally brought up what I had wanted to know most about: aether.

Rather than start from the beginning, Myre asked, “Can you tell me what you know about aether?”
I proceeded to explain what little I knew about aether and the times I had experienced the phenomena that aether produced: the instances where I was able to freeze time using the first phase of Sylvia’s will and how I had trained using the aether orb.
“Aether is fundamentally different from mana; this much is clear to anyone. While both entities make up the world that we live in, aether works very differently than mana. To what degree, no one has a solid answer. Some have speculated that aether is the building block that the world is made of, while mana is what fills it with life and sustenance. More simply put, aether would be the cup, while mana is the water that fills it.” Myre held up a glass cup, filled halfway, for me to see.
“It is quite easy to manipulate the water inside without mana, but much more difficult to change the shape of the cup without breaking it. Quite a crude analogy, I know,” the asura smiled as she began slowly shaking the cup, stirring the water inside.
Shaking my head, I responded, “No, it helps a lot.”

“Good. Well, despite the many speculations and theories, even the Indrath Clan, hailed for being the most adept in utilizing aether, has no solid theory that can justify what they are able to do. What they did have that no one else did, was the ability to physically detect aether through the use of the Realmheart Physique.” Holding the glass close to her face, Myre dipped a finger in the water. “Those in the physical realm cannot sense aether. Everyone alike knows that there are laws that hold our world together, just like this glass that holds the water. However, it is impossible for them to fathom the boundaries that exist to keep order in the world.”
“Then the purple particles I saw when I used Realmheart...” I said, trailing off at the end.
“Yes, My Dear. That was aether.” Myre smiled. “Through the use of Realmheart, you are able to see the glass cup from within, the boundaries of this world.”
“Now, I can go on to explain the history of how aether came to be slowly studied, but I doubt that will be of any use to you. You just have to know that you possess a skill that even asuras would kill for. However, I suspect that there will be certain limits because your body is not of the dragon race. But the true power of Realmheart lies in the ability to gain insight while in the form.”
“I noticed that while I use Realmheart, I become a lot stronger. At first, I thought it was some sort of power boost that the form gives, but it’s more of a big improvement in control,” I confirmed with Myre, who nodded in reply.
“Yes, especially for you, who has the strange composition of being quadra-elemental,there is a vast difference in mana manipulation using Realmheart. But let’s set aside the aspect of mana for now. Not to sound biased, but control over mana is much more linear than aether. For mana, the greater your core is, the more water you can manipulate,” she continued, still using the glass-of-water analogy. “Your insight and mental aptitude is how many ways you can manipulate the water inside. However, through the manipulation of aether, we can control the cup itself. Do you understand?”
“How would you manipulate the world itself?” I pressed.
“It’s become habit to say ‘manipulate,’ but in actuality, it is more important to think of it as influencing aether. And you’ve already had a taste of this quite a few times, My Dear. Windsom had mentioned you being able to stop time for a brief moment.” Myre set the cup down and distanced herself from where I was.
“Yes! That was actually the first ability I was able to use with Sylvia’s will!” I exclaimed.
“The control over time, aevum; the authority over space, spatium; and the influence over all living components, vivum...” Myre recited. “These are the three components that make up aether.”
This was knowledge that I might perhaps never come across again, so I hungrily absorbed every word the asura was saying.
“No matter how powerful, how insightful, and how lucky a practitioner may be, he will only be able to master one path. Ancestors of the Indrath Clan have lived all their lives trying to gain insight on one of the three paths, only to realize that they don’t have the capability of mastering it. However, over time, we’ve realized a way for some asuras to know where their aptitude lies,” the asura confessed.
“How?” We had reached the climax of the story and I was greedy for more.
“The runes that run down the body from using Realmheart.” Myre closed her eyes and went silent.
A palpable force suddenly pushed down on my shoulders, forcing me to use my arms to keep myself sitting up on the bed. The air turned thick and heavy as I stayed seated on the bed in awe. The pressure that Myre was emitting was neither violent nor ferocious like Kordri’s had been, yet, in terms of level, it was much more overwhelming. I had no confidence that I would be able to muster up the will to fight against her—that much was clear. It was as if I could almost see her transforming into dragon form.
Golden runes began carving down her bare arm but they looked very different from mine. Whereas mine appeared complex and detailed, her runes flowed like branches of an elven tree, or interconnecting streams of water being woven together.
Myre finally opened her eyes and stared at me with an icy gaze of radiant lavender. “These runes are different for each Realmheart user, but the markings, when studied, show that I am of the vivum path. And that is also why I could heal you.”
I found myself unable to muster a response as I stared in awe. Her very presence felt different than mine when I had activated Realmheart; the runes that ran down her arm were much more vivid and bright compared to the dull glow I had when I used this profound power, and her eyes seemed to almost pulse, as if they had a mind of their own.
“Now, My Dear, activate your Realmheart,” the asura gently nudged, despite her intimidating presence.





Chapter 119
An indescribably chilling sensation burst out from within my mana core as I activated Realmheart. Liquid frost coursed through my veins, desperately seeking a way out of my body. I watched the golden runes begin to form on my arms, glowing hotly against my frigid skin as my vision began to achromatize.
“I was only able to catch a glimpse of what your runes looked like earlier, but it truly is fascinating,” Myre mumbled to herself as she studied me.
Remaining seated and motionless as my caretaker continued to inspect the engravings on my body, I couldn’t help but become enthralled at what I was experiencing. This was the first time that I had actually taken a step back to study the changes in my perception while using Realmheart; watching the different particles move as if they each contained intellect and a goal in mind made me realize why magic was more accurately described as “mana manipulation” in this world.
Testing out a hunch I had in mind, I willed a small ember to appear at the tip of my finger. Sure enough, the red particles around me began to react as I conjured the fire. Even though what I had used was the refined mana from my core, there was a definitive response to the particles around my finger. I did this using spells from different elements to see the response in the particles, but no matter what I did, only the purple specks remained unchanged.
“Having fun, are we?” The asura was still in her Realmheart form as well. Her soft purple eyes peered through me as the edges of her lips curled upward in amusement.
“How is it that I’ve never noticed this?” I asked, more to myself than to her.
“It’s understandable that you would assume that this form was some power-up rather than a means to observe and study what cannot normally be perceived.” Letting go of my arm that she had been examining, Myre took a few steps back. “I’m not exactly sure how long you’re able to stay in this form now that you’ve broken through to a stage where you can sense aether, but there are a few things I want you to see before you release Realmheart.”
The asura raised a hand in front of her for me to see, her eyes narrowed in concentration. Suddenly, the purple particles around us that had refused to comply to my will slowly began to drift towards Myre. The movements of each tiny glimmer of purple seemed to differ from one another. Rather than manipulating mana, it appeared more like the asura was herding in a legion of tiny fireflies toward her hand.
“As I mentioned earlier, aether behaves fundamentally different from mana. You will be met with only failure if you try to manipulate aether as you have done with mana. Let me reiterate my point with the cup-of-water analogy since it has worked so well for us until now. You can drink, gargle, and spit out water as long as you know how, but you would be a fool if you tried the same thing with the cup. Aether is present all around us, yet it is the very boundary that confines us to the limits you and I have,” she explained as the particles of aether began drifting around the hand that she held up until it was completely enveloped. “Vivum, the influence over all living components. This is the very power I had used to piece back together your shattered legs.”
The silver mist that Myre had shot out at me in demonstration earlier looked like a purple cloud surrounding her hand while I was in Realmheart. However, when she released her influence over the aether, the tiny particles dispersed back to their original space.

“I saw the aether gathering in your hand, but how does that form into vivum? How did that heal my legs?” A million and more questions were running through my head. On one end, being able to witness and perceive this spectacle was truly a good fortune, but seeing this just filled me with frustration at my lack of comprehension.
“Subsequent to finding out that my affinity lied toward the branch of life, I studied vivum for centuries. However, even then, I am unconfident that I would be able to explain to you what you truly wish to know,” she confessed solemnly. “What I can explain with certainty is limited.”
“I want to learn.” I stared at her, determined to grasp what I could.
While her eyes remained solemn, a slight smile formed. “Very well. First thing you need to know is that, unlike mana, you cannot absorb aether; you are merely changing its presence and influence to reality.”
“Does that mean a core isn’t needed to be able to influence aether?”
“An individual’s core is what connects the body to the physical realm, so while aether isn’t directly manipulated in the way that mana is, the mana core is crucial,” she responded. While Myre’s words were simple enough, they reflected a deep wisdom that couldn’t be compared to mine.
“You will realize your path when the time comes, but since you are still in the beginning stages of your cultivation, it is best not to overwhelm you with knowledge that is unnecessary for now,” she continued, smiling gently at me. “For now, just know that after a certain extent, your cultivation will cease to depend on the rote ability to refine mana, but depend on gaining insight into knowledge that cannot be passed down.”
I pondered over her cryptic words. My brain was itching with questions but I knew now wasn’t the time to be asking them.
She nodded in contentment as I waited for her to continue. “I’m not sure if this is mere coincidence or fate, but there is a reason why you can—as limited as it is—utilize aether. Can you guess what it is?”
“I thought it was because of Sylvia’s will?” I answered.
“It is partly because of Sylvia’s will that you are able to bear the burden of aether, but not the reason you are able to manipulate it.”

There was only one other answer that came to mind. “Is it because I’m able to manipulate all four elements?”
“Precisely!” Myre praised. “It is through the ability to gain insight into all four of the fundamental elements that we were able to take a look beyond the water and realize the glass cup that we are held in.”
“Doesn’t that mean dragons are much stronger than the other races?” I remarked.

Shaking her head, the asura clarified. “We certainly hold a fair advantage over the other race. We dragons have the ability to control aether, but to what extent? Even the most powerful dragons are only able to scratch the boundless surface of what aether can possibly do. However, the other races hold much deeper insight into the element that they are predisposed to compared to dragons.”
I wasn’t sure how long we had been talking but I began to feel my strength leaving me from using Realmheart. Noticing my strained expression, Myre expressed that it was okay for me to withdraw the ability.
Color began permeating back into the world as I released Realmheart, and as always, the runes were the last to disappear. “So, Myre, have you found out what ability of aether is best suited for me?” I asked, letting out a relieved breath.
“Yes, but before you get too excited, allow me to forewarn you that even I cannot predict whether or not you will be able to consciously control aether like we can. Even though you do possess the ability to manipulate all four elements and have gained both a dragon’s will and the Realmheart Physique, you are still a human.” While her message was harsh, her words held no pretension or condescension.
“I see,” I muttered. I would’ve been lying if I said I wasn’t disappointed. In a world of not just humans but other races—more powerful ones—that coexisted, I was beginning to see this invisible ceiling that I had been ignorant of in my past life.
“Like I had mentioned before, you cannot compare aether to mana. Aether can be thought of as an organism, almost sentient, that needs to be coaxed and coerced into action. Because of this, the manipulation of aether places a heavy burden on the caster. You’ve probably felt this every time you used the time manipulation ability.”
“You’re right. And no matter how many times I’ve used it, it doesn’t get any easier,” I confessed, leaning against the wooden headboard of my bed.

“And I doubt it ever will. My dear, although I’m unsure as to why the ability to manipulate time, albeit briefly, showed itself to you, you were never meant to go down the route of aevum.” Taking out a pen and a small parchment from the nightstand drawer, she began drawing some symbols. “Arthur, you were able to tap into aether manipulation only because of Sylvia’s will, but I imagine that you weren’t able to get a grasp of how it works.”
“In terms of theory, I still have no idea as to how it occurs,” I acknowledged reluctantly. Using the first phase of Sylvia’s will allowed me to stop time for a brief moment but whenever I had used that ability, it felt like I was simply looking at a manuscript in a foreign language: I knew what it looked like, but I had no idea how to read it or what it meant.
“This is why.” Myre held up the small paper she had been writing on, revealing an array of familiar symbols. “Just like Sylvia had, you were meant to control the very fabric of the boundaries that keeps the physical realm in place; you are of the spatium genus.”
Despite the revelation, I wasn’t happy. Not at all. “But, as you’ve said, regardless of this knowledge, it’s still fairly possible that I wouldn’t be able to consciously control this ability.”
Myre regarded me with a solemn gaze but didn’t respond.
“From what you’ve told me so far, I was only able to even use the time manipulation ability because it was pre-embedded into the will that Sylvie imparted to me before she was killed.” I was doing my best to contain my frustration, but my voice was growing steadily louder. “Please, Myre. Tell me what I need to do. So far, everything you’ve told me about this grand ability is that I have the qualifications for it, but because of the physical limitations of my species, I wouldn’t be able to handle the burden!”
The asura stayed quiet for long time, doing nothing else but combing softly through my ruffled hair. “I truly pity you, Child. You have such an overwhelming potential for greatness, but your capacity is hindered by something you cannot control. The reason I told you everything that I have is not to mock you for something you will never be able to accomplish, but rather to encourage you to do something beyond the ordinary. Even as you progress into the white stage and beyond, you may be unable to control aether like dragons can, but that does not mean you do not have that ability at your disposal. Knowledge is an immeasurable strength that can overcome the boundaries that even asuras place on themselves.”
“You’re right, I’m sorry for taking my frustrations out on you. I know you only mean to do what is best for me,” I whispered.
“Yes, my child. Only what is best for you,” she echoed. When I looked up at Myre, however, her face was lined deeply with an expression of sorrow.
“What’s wrong?”
“Arthur. I have broken many rules by imparting all this knowledge to you. This knowledge can certainly be used against the dragon race if it fell into the wrong hands, so please believe me when I say that I truly do wish for what is best for you.”
I still couldn’t figure out why Myre had shown so much care for me since the beginning, but if there was one thing I had learned in my previous life, it was being able to read the intentions of those around me. The asura meant well despite the fact that we knew very little of each other.
“Even if Realmheart cannot be utilized to its full extent, it can become an irreplaceable asset in the coming battles through its sensory functions. With Realmheart, your ability to manipulate all four elements, as well as your remarkable combat prowess, you have many tools at your disposal to take advantage of...” Myre’s voice trailed off, filling me with apprehension for her next words.
“But?” I asked.
Letting out a deep breath, she took a moment and stared into my eyes. “But this movement technique that you’ve created, the one that placed you into my home in that horrid state...cannot be one of them.”
As if her words weren’t clear enough already, she clarified for me once more.
“Never use that technique again.”





Chapter 120
Even at Myre’s ominous warning, I had remained silent—numb, almost. I had a hunch that this might’ve been the case after ending up here, but her words made this predicament all too real.
My mind spun, trying to weave together a string of reasons to refute the asura’s verdict. However, none came to mind. Regardless of how much mana I infused to strengthen my body, what I was doing with Burst Step was directly stimulating the muscles to such a degree that, apparently, it would tear them—and my bones—to pieces.”
“I always thought this world held the potential for limitless possibilities, and magic would be at the epicenter of it all. But I see now that no matter where you end up, there is always a ceiling, keeping those who wish to venture into the unknown caged in,” I sighed, looking up at the wooden ceiling above us.
“I know that you spent a lot of time developing this mana art, and it’s rude of me to pry this secret out of you, but how does your movement technique exactly work?” Myre queried, a twinkle of interest apparent in her hazy green eyes.
I first told her how I came across the idea of the skill. Myre already knew the foundations of Mirage Walk, which the Thyestes Clan had engineered, which saved me some time. I then explained the basic mechanics of how I improved Mirage Walk from its initial concept. Mirage Walk was simply a passive skill that was used to hide the user’s mana fluctuation. Recounting the months I had spent trying to get even a consistent handle on Burst Step sent a painful ache down my chest as it finally hit me that all of that was for naught.
It had been the first time I had developed a mana art that went beyond the boundaries of this world, since it was only possible with the knowledge I had from my previous life. But I couldn’t her that. Instead, I told her how I first came across the idea...”
“Fascinating,” said Myre, deep in her own thoughts. “To utilize the intricacies of the body to such a degree... I would’ve never thought of something like that.
“I was shocked to see your body in such a state at first, but after you’ve explained to me how this movement technique worked, it’s a wonder that your legs haven’t been permanently crippled,” she continued, still in awe.
“It doesn’t matter now, does it? I can’t use this skill without shattering my body and tearing up my muscles, so I’ll have to think of some other way to prepare for this upcoming war,” I shrugged, trying to keep my bitterness from showing on my face. “Feel free to use it, Myre. As a thank you for healing my legs.”
“My child, I have to say that I have very little confidence in being able to replicate what you’ve just explained to me. The sheer amount of control and intricate fine-tunings that one would need to properly execute this Burst Step is beyond my grasp,” she confessed with a chuckle. “I’ve grown complacent with old age. I have sought out the hidden mysteries of vivum, abandoning the practical uses of mana long ago. Rest assured, the secrets of this skill will end with me.”
“Thank you.” Her words offered little comfort to my current dilemma. “Myre, I’m feeling a bit drowsy since I haven’t had the chance to sleep...”

“Of course, my dear,” the asura answered immediately. Casting one last sympathetic gaze, she blew out the candles lighting the room, and left.
With the absence of firelight, the hut darkened, and my eyes could only make out the thin pillars of moonlight that made it past the thatched roof. The specks, dust, and ashes from the smoldering remains in the fireplace danced in the streams of soft, white light, filling the small space with an alluring ambience.
Telling Myre that I wanted to sleep was a lie. Sleeping was the last thing I wanted to do; I had already wasted enough time as it was.
I closed my eyes, analyzing my current situation.
My breakthrough into the silver core stage was more than a pleasant surprise since my core was refined to the mid-level stage. The amount of mana I could now utilize through this advancement, along with the help of Mana Rotation, was several times higher than it had previously been since coming to this continent. My hand-to-hand combat abilities had also made quite a leap forward thanks to Kordri, which, coupled with my sword mastery, would place me easily into the AA-class as an adventurer even without the use of elemental magic.
Despite all of this, however, I had little to show in terms of improvement in magic or mana arts. I was hoping to learn a thing or two about how mana was manipulated differently by asuras, but so far, I had learned next to nothing in that area. The asuras had provided me with a great means to train in the best environment possible to make sure I was heading in the right direction, but they seemed less than willing to impart any secrets to their fluency in mana manipulation.
Mirage Walk was the only technique I had managed to piece together, and while it was an important asset, it would have little impact in a large-scale battle.
There was an inevitable connotation of mystery and wonder when it came to mana manipulation; not nearly as much as aether, but still there. While Dicathen was a place of unimaginable sights and possibilities compared to my previous world, it goes to say that, compared to Epheotus or even Alacrya, my home continent was an infant in terms of knowledge and comprehension of mana.
There were actual asuras that resided in Alacrya, and it’s safe to assume that, through the ages, they’ve imparted their knowledge of mana to the inhabitants. Coming from the perspective of a war leader, if Agrona wanted to take over Dicathen, he needed enough forces to not only successfully invade our continent, but also enough to protect his Clan from the asuras of Epheotus who, I can safely assume, were eagerly waiting for the Vritras to show some sign of weakness.
To be able to successfully accomplish his goals, he needed the lesser races of his continent to be stronger than the ones in Dicathen. While the Alacryan forces would be limited to how many they could afford to send on the long expedition across the sea, or through other means, what I wanted to know was how much more powerful they were.
I became curious of the exact intel that Cynthia Goodsky had provided to the asuras and leading figures in Dicathen. I was sure they were making proper defensive measures, but until I was briefed on the available intel, I would be left to blindly wonder about the enemy forces’ abilities.
It was daunting as my thoughts shifted over to the capabilities that the Four Scythes and their retainers held. The report that Windsom had relayed to me said that a retainer was capable of wiping out a team led by a Lance.
Was I able to kill a retainer with my level of power right now? I wasn’t sure. Alea Triscan, the Lance who had been killed, was at the white stage. Although her mana core development was due to the artifacts bestowed onto each of the Lances, it still gave her a considerable amount of raw power to utilize. To be able to so easily kill her, even with the skills that I have harnessed during my training here, I knew better than to underestimate a retainer.

The rest of the night was an indistinguishable mixture of vague lucidness and moments of fitful sleep. Before I knew it, the cottage was filled with a warm light from the morning sun.
Reaching over to the empty pail by the side of my bed, I put it on my lap. Using mana to gather water into my palms, I splashed my face in hopes to stir myself awake.
“I take it that you had a rough night?” Myre’s voice chimed from the edge of the hut.

“Can you tell?” I joked, feeling a bit more refreshed from the crisp water.
“The shadows beneath your eyes have practically reached your chin,” she chuckled, walking over to me.
Removing the sheet covering me, she carefully began unwrapping the bandages on my leg. I noticed that her eyes had turned the same lavender shade as they had when she used Realmheart as she inspected me carefully.
“Good, the bones in your legs have been set in place well enough for me to fully treat them now. I had to work in parts in case the bones and muscles decided to start mending improperly.” With that, Myre’s hands began glowing the same silvery hue from when she demonstrated her use of aether. She ran her hands down my legs, leaving traces of the silvery mist behind. Slowly, the mist began penetrating through my skin and sinking into my legs.
At first, there was only a slight tingle as my once-numbed legs began getting their feeling back. However, it wasn’t long until that mild tingle intensified into an excruciating pain that seemed to sear through every inch of my legs. If I hadn’t known that Myre was actually mending my legs, I would’ve been tempted to cut them off right then and there. The fact that I had been holding in the need to urinate didn’t help the sheer discomfort followed by the waves of escalating pain.
My legs didn’t feel like they were getting healed. Instead, it felt like the asura was growing me a pair of new legs in the most painful way possible.
“Gah!” I let out a choked cry as I clawed at the bed in hopes to distract myself from the pain.
“I should’ve warned you about the pain, but I’m basically forcing your body to heal itself at a hyper-increased rate. With the broken tendons and muscles trying to reattach themselves to the bones, you can guess why you’re feeling the way you do.” The asura held her attention to my legs as beads of sweat began forming above her thin brows.
The pain lasted for approximately ten minutes until it started to slowly subside. By the end of the treatment, I was gingerly flexing my toes. With the consent of Myre, I brought my legs to the edge of the bed, carefully putting on weight one foot at a time before I tried standing up. Immediately, my legs buckled at the unaccustomed weight, as I fell on my side.

“Be careful. Your legs are fully healed, but you’ve lost a lot of muscles in your lower body through this treatment. You might not be used to how weak they are.” Myre spoke evenly.
“There’s no pain or discomfort, at least,” I replied, unable to hide the excitement in my voice. My legs did feel weaker, but that would only be temporary. I had full control.
“This does not change the fact that you cannot use Burst Step anymore. I will not be able to mend you when you are in Dicathen and each time, it’ll be harder for me to heal them.”
“I understand.” I tried my hands again at the simple task of standing up; this time I was able to keep myself upright, although my legs did start trembling. After an hour or so of steadily hobbling around inside the cottage, leaning against the nearby furnitures and walls for support, I knew what I had to do.I immediately went outside to the back of the cottage to relieve myself, spending a few minutes outside to stretch, taking in the crisp morning air that smelled of dew.
“I thought about what you said yesterday, my dear,” Myre spoke out from the porch. “Concerning your inability to act on the information I disclosed to you.”
Shaking my head, I replied, “I’m sorry about that, Myre; I said that out of frustration. What you told me was something that I would never be able to learn elsewhere. To the point where I realized how far behind Dicathen is in terms of knowledge of mana.”
“Compared to how short it has been since the inhabitants of Dicathen began experimenting with mana through the artifacts we gave them, they’ve come a long way.” Walking out of the hut, she waved for me to follow, making her way towards a perfectly tended and trimmed lawn of grass.
“Even I am limited in what I am allowed to disclose, but since this is something you already have, nudging you in the right direction is all I’ll be doing,” she said, standing a few meters away from me.
“I’m not following,” I replied, studying our surroundings. There was nothing around except dense clusters of trees towering over us, making the cottage and trimmed front lawn look very out of place.
“Don’t worry. I’ve already told Windsom that I’ll be borrowing you for a bit longer.” The air changed around us, and near instantly, Myre activated her Realmheart. The light-gold runes glowed softly beneath her sleeves as her misty green eyes shifted into a radiant lavender. “Now, my boy, using whichever combination of every magical spell you have under your belt, hit me with all you have.”
Looking at the frail and thin Myre standing in the field of grass, I hesitated at her command. However, a dreadful pressure erupted from the same frail-looking asura that wiped out any concerns I had of injuring her. It felt more like I’d be the one in danger if I didn’t comply with her instructions.
“Okay.” I gathered mana into my hands, but before they could even form the spell I had intended to conjure, Myre’s voice rang from a distance.
“In your right palm, you’re preparing a compressed water sphere while your left hand will shoot a small gust of wind. Child, I asked that you hit me with all you have.”
She had been spot on.
Ignoring her taunts, I fired my two spells and immediately concentrated on the area beneath her feet.
“You are planning on rupturing the ground under me, which is a clever idea, but I would appreciate it if you didn’t ruin the grass,” she interjected after casually avoiding my two spells. Myre stomped the ground softly and before my spell could even take effect, she had already cancelled it.
My mouth gaped just a bit before I regained my composure. My mind shifted back yesterday when she explained how Realmheart could be utilized to heighten perception, but I had never expected it to be to this degree.
“Like I said. This is an ability that you already have,” she chuckled, tapping her temple. “I’m simply going to be nudging you in the right direction.”





Chapter 121
“You didn’t look out for the spell behind you, my dear,” Myre reprimanded. “Proper interpretation of mana fluctuation starts with sensing the spells right when they affect the physical realm. Then you utilize Realmheart to accurately determine what form it will take. Even if your opponent chooses to vocalize their spell, what they are imagining is actually what will affect the size, shape, and duration of their spell. Even then, some mages might use a vocal projection as a feint to trick their opponent.”
I was able to make sense of her advice, but it was becoming harder to stay conscious as I lost more blood from the gaping wound that went through my clavicle. The asura continued debriefing the mistake I had made that led me to have this wound, all the while healing me by using aether. This wasn’t the first time something like this had happened—or even the seventh time for that matter—since starting my training. Through the numerous times I had failed in properly analyzing the flow of mana before it had materialized into a spell, I noticed that her healing through the use of aether was fundamentally different than that of my mother’s healing spells.
The limits my mother—along with any other healing mage—had were nonexistent to Myre. She was able to rid ailments, close gaping holes, even grow missing limbs, which had begged the question: why didn’t Myre simply cut off my legs and grow me a new one?
From what Myre had explained to me, it seemed like using aether past a certain threshold came with costs. It didn’t happen for all of the spells she did, or even most for that matter. However, the use of aether to grow a whole new limb meant that she had to extract the aether that was sustaining the life of something, or someone, else.
“I know what you’re thinking when you’re faced with the spells, child.” The asura’s voice startled me into focus. “Don’t get ahead of yourself and try to counter the spell before it manifests. It took me decades to get it right, and that was considered fast amongst us dragons. Now, shall we call it a night?”
Looking up at the sky, a thin layer of orange in the horizon was all that was left of the sun as night continued to take over.
“Sounds good,” I smiled, trailing behind into her small cottage.
It was surprising how the weeks had gone by unheeded thanks to the endless training and company from the elderly asura.
There was one thing that had become glaringly apparent over these past few weeks training with Myre, however: the docile and mild temperament that the asura had apparently feigned while she was nursing me back to health was all a lie. She made for pleasant company during any other occasion, but on the training grounds, her true personality became exposed, revealing a demonic entity that made even Kordri’s training seem like a puppy-petting session.
Worst of all, because of her expertise in healing through aether, there was little holding her back. She had a saying that she had repeated on numerous occasions that still haunted me in my dreams: “The best medicine for an injury is preventing one from happening in the first place. So if you don’t want me to injure you, prevent it.”
She would say that with the same sly smirk before hitting me with a colorful array of spells that I was forced to read and dodge using Realmheart.

It wasn’t only practical training, though. She had taught me what to look out for when a spell was about to manifest. Depending on the type of spell that would form, the mana particles would start fluctuating differently, so it was crucial to know what exactly you were looking at in the brief window. Needless to say, it was a lot like learning a new language—except your life depended on it.
It was frustrating at first, to the point where I even asked if it was possible for Windsom to let me use the aether orb to conserve time, but she spoke against it; something to do with the aether orb not allowing me to get an accurate grasp of how mana worked in the physical realm.
However, to Myre’s surprise, I was able to make leaps and bounds in regards to what I dubbed as mana interpretation. According to Myre, what took her half a year had taken me a bit shy of a month. I was nowhere near ready to use it in a real battle, but the fundamentals were there. Just like reading a book, I had the words down, but being able to speed-read would take months, maybe years.
These past six weeks, every morning would start off with mana analyzation as Myre shot out different spells of varying elements up in the air, and sometimes, directly at me. Continuous use of Realmheart while training in this fashion had allowed me to somewhat increase the duration of this ability, but not by much.
In the afternoon, I would debrief on the mistakes that I had made and the nuances that I should watch out for to get a better prediction of what the spell might form into. Myre was meticulous in her explanations about why mana behaved the way it did, which helped the progress of my training.
After that, I would train by myself, going through the different forms that Kordri had instilled in me as I shadow-sparred. At night, before I went to sleep, I would always make sure to train my mana core, but after that last huge breakthrough I had made, there had been no drastic change in my core.
Just as the two of us had finished eating a simple stewed beef for dinner, a clear knock rang from the wooden door.
“Come in,” Myre called out as she took a careful sip from her mug.
“Excuse my intrusion,” the familiar voice responded as he opened the door.
It was Windsom.
I couldn’t say I was happy to see him despite the fact that I hadn’t had contact with the asura for months. The ever-so-poise asura with his platinum-blond hair cropped short and trim unexpectedly lowered himself to a knee, genuflecting with obvious respect towards Myre.
I had figured Myre had a certain level of influence within the Indrath Clan based on her powers and the fact that she was even able to keep me here despite the training I was supposed to be undergoing with Windsom. However, for him to be showing that much respect to the elderly asura sent some questions through my mind.

“I apologize for coming without notice, but Lord Indrath has already arranged for Arthur’s next instructor, and he is waiting rather impatiently for his student.” Windsom’s gaze lowered as he spoke.
“Very well, I do wish to keep tabs on the child, so there would be no problems if I popped in every now and then, right?” Myre’s question came off as more of an irrefutable declaration by her tone.

“Of course not. Now, we must get going”—Windsom’s gaze turned to me, indicating for me to get ready—“So if you’ll excuse us.”
“You should go, Arthur. Remember to continue your training with Realmheart.” Myre ran her fingers through my hair that had grown long enough to be considered a mane.
“Of course. I’ll have it mastered by the next time we see each other,” I teased, exposing a childish grin.
Following Windsom out of the cottage, we made our way through a dense cluster of trees that surrounded Myre’s little hut.
While walking, I couldn’t help but notice Windsom’s gaze as he regarded me curiously.
“Is something wrong?” I asked, stepping over an exposed root.
“For Lady Myre to take the time to not only heal you but to train you as well...” His voice trailed off as he shook his head. “Your luck continues to amaze me.”
I ducked under a particularly low branch. “Who exactly is Myre, anyway?”
“Lady Myre,” Windsom stressed. “And I’m not in the position to tell you if she hasn’t told you herself.”

“You know, when I first met you, I figured you were pretty up there. Now, not so much,” I chuckled as we continued deeper into the forest.
“Watch your tongue, human. Even if I was the lowest of asura rank, I’d still be stronger than any of you lesser races in Dicathen,” Windsom retorted.
“My bad. I guess I struck a nerve?” I held my arm up in concession.
Exasperated, Windsom merely shook his head in silence. We soon reached the teleportation gate that Windsom had set up, glowing in radiating light as it reflected the destination it was set to.
“Remind me again why you set the gate so far from the cottage?” I asked, approaching the gate.
“Lady Myre’s protection field ends here,” he said simply as he dipped his right foot in through the glowing circle. “Now come. Your instructor isn’t one for waiting.”
As Windsom’s body disappeared through the gate, I followed immediately after. Over the years, I had gotten used to the dizzying sensation of traveling through this method.
As I stepped out of the teleportation circle onto the sand-strewn ground, I couldn’t help but gaze in awe at the vastly different landscape we had traveled to. We were at the bottom of what appeared to be an enormous crater with imposing walls, carved by nature, towering over us on all sides. It looked like water once filled this giant hole at one point in time, but the only traces left now were the silver, ribbon-like fissures that lined the walls at varying heights. Plant life—life in general—seemed nonexistent as the harsh, arid air cut into my face. The uneven floor that spread across acres on end appeared to be constantly moving as the wind blew and spun debris in no particular rhythm or pattern.
“So my next training session is going to be here?” I confirmed, my voice quivering at the thought of spending weeks, or even months here. Because of the constant teleporting between my different training grounds, I couldn’t get a clear grasp of the continent of Epheotus; if I had come here under better circumstances, I would’ve wanted to explore the land of asuras.
“You’ve spent this past half-year training mostly in augmented melee combat. To put it simply, you’ve honed different skills in key aspects necessary to fight in a war. Now, you’ll start fitting everything together into a cohesive style that utilizes your elemental magic and your melee combat skills.” As the asura explained, he seemed to be searching for something as his eyes scanned over the distance.
“And this instructor will help me do this?” I surveyed around us as well.
“Ah, he’s here,” Windsom announced, ignoring my question.
“So this is him? He’s the pup that’s supposed to be the hero, leading Dicathen to victory against the Vritra-raised armies and their disgusting little Lessurans?” A deep, bass voice reverberated clearly from the top of the gorge.
The insect-sized figure standing on top of the crater’s edge, shadowed from the sun shining at his back, leaped up, growing larger as he descended like a meteor toward us.
Upon landing, an explosion of sand and debris made both Windsom and I shield ourselves. As we waited for the dust cloud to clear, a large hand shot out from inside the cloud and lifted me off the ground. Even as I struggled using mana, the giant hand’s grip around my waist refused to relent.
As I was pulled into the cloud of debris, a firm, deep voice resonated, shaking me to my very core. “Hello, Pup.”
As the cloud dissipated, I was able to make out the source of the voice and the one I’d been trying to hopelessly free myself from.





Chapter 122
In either of my lives, I’d never seen a beast like this before. The beast that had grabbed me seemed to be made entirely out of polished stone. Instead of eyes, two hollowed-out cavities radiating a pale glow that studied me with intelligence. With protruding mandibles that reminded me of an ape’s, the beast let out a deep rumble, trembling the very organs inside my body.
By how far my feet were dangling off the ground, it was easily over five meters tall. However, despite the situation I was in, under this terrifying presence emitted by my captor, I couldn’t help but stare in awe at what I beheld.
There was no flaw in the beast’s stone hide. It was as if the very earth had painstakingly polished this monster for millions of years, etching away any of the flaws it once could’ve had. The glossy stone that made up the gigantic ape’s body and face glittered like the ocean against the afternoon sun, enveloping it in an almost holy aura despite its grotesque form.
Suddenly, cracks began surfacing on the beast’s body, splintering off into endless branches as the same pale light of its eyes surfaced from the thin fissures.
The giant hand that wrapped around me loosened before crumbling into fine sand, just like the rest of the beast’s body. I fell to my feet as I watched the mound of sand, formerly the stone beast, slowly begin spreading onto the ground.
From the remains of the articulately conjured golem stood a thin, frail-looking man dressed in a shabby white coat. “From your expression, I’m guessing that didn’t scare you—only surprised you at best,” he muttered, clicking his tongue in annoyance.
“Arthur, I’d like you to meet Wren. He’s going to be your instructor for quite a while, so get acquainted.” Windsom had an amused sparkle in his eyes as he said this.
Out of all the asuras I had crossed paths with, Wren was by far the most unremarkable. With the body frame of a malnourished shut-in underneath his oversized coat, he stared at me intently, heavily hunched. The deep bags drooping beneath his half-closed, tired eyes were almost as dark as the greasy black hair that fell over his face like wet seaweed, obviously left unwashed for days. That, coupled with the uneven stubble that spread across his chin and cheeks made for a man who would be looked down on by even the dirtiest of vagrants.
Still, I knew better than to judge a man, much less an asura, by his outward appearance. Hell, without a decent shower or haircut in months, I had no right to say anything.
Dipping my head, I formally introduced myself to my new instructor. “Nice to meet you, my name is Arthur Leywin. I’ll be in your care.”
“Windsom,” the asura shifted his gaze, ignoring me. “What are the ramifications that the human society places on one who is tardy?”
“Excuse me? Ramifications?” I asked.
“A severed finger or toe, perhaps? No, that seems a bit severe. Imprisonment or social isolation seems more appropriate,” the hunched asura muttered to himself as he rubbed his stubbled chin.
“What are you talking about? There aren’t any ramifications or consequences for being a bit late!” I sputtered incredulously.
“What?” The asura looked genuinely surprised. “None at all? No punitive actions are taken whatsoever for such behavior?”
“It is looked down upon, but no, there are no formal charges one faces for being late,” Windsom intervened.
"How odd. For races that have such a minuscule lifespan, I would’ve imagined you guys placed more importance on time more than anything else. Such a backward race, you humans," he murmured.
Despite his rude words, there was a truth to them. I couldn’t help but stifle a laugh at the apparent irony of us "lesser races."
As the thin, shabby-looking asura continued to take mental notes, I couldn’t help but shoot a questioning glance at Windsom.
“Regardless of my ignorance on the social intricacies of human conduct, we should move on to why you’re here. As well as why I’ve come to this god-forsaken crater at the tip of a mountain.” Waving his hand as if to discard his needless thoughts, the asura approached me.

“Arthur, was it?” my new instructor asked.
“Mhmm.”
“I want you to strip.” The asura’s gaze was unrelenting as he tapped his foot with impatience.
“Of course you do,” I muttered quietly under my breath.
“What was that?” He snapped.
“Not a single thing.” Letting out a sigh, I stripped down to my underwear. “Is this good enough, or would you like to study my family jewels as well?”
“The supposed savior of the lesser beings has quite the mouth,” Wren replied sardonically. He began circling me, poking me with his finger now and then. When the asura saw the white feather that Sylvia had left me wrapped around my arm, he removed it.
“Hey!” I exclaimed.
“Dragon’s feather. Truly a crafting material too rare to be wasting as an arm warmer, don’t you think?” the frail asura marveled.
“Crafting material?” I echoed, curious.
“The feathers on our wings are a particular type of scale that have many unique properties. From the day we are born, we never shed the feathers that make up our wings, so for a dragon to deliberately give someone his or her feathers signifies trust and affection,” Windsom answered.
Wren handed the long feather back to me. “I never knew,” I replied, looking at the long, white feather that felt silky between my fingers.
“How come Myre didn’t tell me about this?” I turned to Windsom.
“She must’ve had her reasons,” the asura answered in a dismissive tone.
Wren resumed his inspection, occasionally placing a finger or two over the major arteries and counting to himself.
“Spread your arms out,” Wren suddenly ordered. I did as told, hoping that abiding his commands would hasten the process.
I entertained myself with the amusing and slightly embarrassing fact that I was in the middle of a barren crater with two asuras watching me, almost completely naked.
The hunched asura continued to study me, muttering random numbers to himself. The afternoon sun cooked my skin as I continued to be examined like some laboratory mouse until Wren finally spoke again.
“We’ll start by firing a basic spell from all of the elements you can conjure. Use only your right hand to release the spell.” The asura placed his palm on my solar plexus and grabbed my right wrist. “Begin!”
I fired off a series of simple spells in no particular order: fire, water, ice, lightning, wind, then earth.
After I had finished, Wren began muttering to himself once again.

We continued testing with increasingly complex spells. Wren instructed the very form he wanted me to conjure the spell into, down to the very diameter of the stone pillar I was to erect from the ground.
Windsom quietly watched throughout the whole process, never uttering a single word unless asked. Whatever uncomfortableness or embarrassment I had during the beginning of this in-depth analysis was gone by the time the sun fell.

“Basic measurements and calculations are accounted for,” Wren announced, letting out a groan as he stretched his back and neck. “Moving on to effective use of mana arts in battle.”
Suddenly, he whipped around and pointed a long, pale finger at me. “Boy! Fire a spell over there. Quick!” The asura’s crackled voice rang as his finger shifted, pointing to a small, earthen golem that he had just conjured up.
On instinct, I turned to face the golem on command and gathered mana into my palm, manifesting it into a bolt of electricity that I fired at the target. The dummy golem shattered upon impact, crumbling into a small pile of rocks just about twenty meters away from where we were.
Without a change in expression, the pale-faced asura whipped his body in a different direction and pointed about thirty meters away, erecting another golem. “Again!”
I conjured another spell in my palm, but as I prepared to fire it, a heavy blow struck the back of my left leg, jerking me to my knee. The spell I had manifested in my palm shot out into the sky, missing the golem by a long shot.
Behind me was another golem that Wren had erected, standing with its arms crossed. Annoyingly enough, the golem had an arrogant grin etched into its faceless head.
Meanwhile, my instructor was staring at the bolt of fire that sailed across the sky, waving it goodbye.
“You missed!” he gasped in feigned surprise, his eyes remaining half-closed.
“So you’re one of those guys,” I cursed under my breath. I placed my palm on the golem, and with a few thoughts, it glowed bright red before crumbling into ashen remains. “Again,” I echoed through gritted teeth, standing back up on my feet.
“A tough one,” he whistled, taking out a small notebook and pen from his coat and scribbling something down.
From the very beginning, Wren had come off as an eccentric—reminding me a lot of Gideon—except I now knew that he was on a different level of weird than the old scientist back in Dicathen.
“Look, you’ve been making me do menial tasks all day. I’m fine with that, but I’d be more patient and willing if I actually knew what you were trying to figure out with your measurements and notes,” I pointed out.
“I doubt you’d be able to comprehend what I tell you.” Wren shook his head, waving dismissively at me.
“Try me,” I challenged, still virtually naked.
He explained that he’d been making calculations and speculations based on the milliseconds it took for mana to move accordingly within my body before it manifested. Besides the condescending tone he had used throughout his explanation, his insights were brilliant.
“There’s still a lot to account for that you didn’t measure, though,” I interjected. “We still need to account for the environment that we’re in right now. I find myself most comfortable using fire and water elemental spells, but water-affinity mana is lacking in this area.”
“Of course I put all of that into account. How long do you think I’ve been doing this for?” Wren’s condescending gaze shifted, however, as he stared at me curiously. “How old did you say you were?”
“Nearly fifteen now,” I answered, calculating in my head how long it had been since I came here.

“Huh. Not entirely brainless, I guess,” Wren shrugged.
I’d known the asura for less than a day, and I already knew that this was as much of a compliment that I would ever get from him. “So what’s next?”
“More tests. We’ll continue with a long range mana manipulation analysis,” Wren answered, looking around. The crater had turned dim, with only the moonlight shining above our heads.
Suddenly, the ground trembled underneath us. Out on the edge of the crater to our right were more golems. Even from here, I could make out hundreds of the human-sized stone golems approaching us.
The golems, much like the giant one that had first appeared, glittered in the dim moonlight as they marched in our direction.
I couldn’t help but ask in awe, “How many golems can you conjure at a time?”
“Depends on the complexity of the golem but those guys, a few thousand or so. Now, go all out.” Wren pointed his fingers at the golems, indicating for me to blow them up.
As the army of golems continued to draw closer, I activated Realmheart. I could feel my lips curl into a smile as the almost addictive feeling of my senses integrating with the world’s mana filled my body.
I unleashed everything I had in my arsenal, raining down an array of spells as Wren observed me scrutinizingly.
These golems were much sturdier than an average golem, but I managed to destroy the few hundred that Wren had conjured in less than an hour. I controlled my breathing as my chest continued to heave. I was tired, but destroying a few hundred golems did just the trick to relieve some of the stress I had.
“It’s as you said, Windsom. What a peculiar child he is. To have Realmheart, as well as a decent control over the elements at his age...He makes an excellent test subject.” For the first time, Wren’s face contorted into something akin to a smile.
“What’s next?” I asked, letting out a deep, content breath.
“Having fun, are we? It’ll start being less fun once they start hitting back,” Wren snickered. “Anyway, I still have to take into account the physical capabilities you possess. Windsom told me you’re quite adept with a sword and you’ve recently learned combat under Kordri’s instructions. So I’ll be taking those facts into account as we begin our next phase.”
“I understand, but for how long am I going to be naked?” I asked, looking at the pile of clothes that was now partially buried in debris.
“I’m analyzing every movement you make so it’d be better if you stay unclothed,” he answered. “Don’t worry. I’m not exactly filled with pleasure looking at your bare skin, either.”
Letting out a faint smile, I responded, “Very comforting.”
“Anyway. Let me take a look at the primary weapon you would use in a battle.”
Windsom had passed on the dimension ring I always kept my sword in to Myre when she was taking care of me; she had given it back to me after I was healed. Taking out Dawn’s Ballad from my ring—still inside its scabbard—I handed it to Wren.
I wasn’t sure what I was expecting from the thin asura when handing the blade to him. But I wasn’t expecting him to burst out laughing upon seeing my weapon.
The mysterious blade that I had stumbled upon looked like an ordinary black stick when it was still inside its sheath. Because of this, Wren might’ve mistaken it for a toy. “Here, let me show—”
“I know what it is, boy! Windsom, did you know of this when you asked me to train him?” Wren turned to the white-haired asura behind me.
“I had an inkling,” he confessed.
Wren gripped Dawn’s Ballad in both hands and began to tug on it.
“It’s not going to unsheathe. Only I’m able to...” my voice trailed off as I watched, wide-eyed, at the sword being drawn effortlessly by the thin asura.
The sword that I had paired with was only supposed to open at my command. However, even I was only able to unsheathe it in the first place because of Sylvia’s Dragon Will. “H-How?” I stuttered before coming to a realization. “Is it because you’re an asura that you can draw the sword I’ve bonded with?”
“No,” the asura answered, holding my sword up as he inspected its translucent teal blade. “It’s because I made this sword.”





Chapter 123
Chapter 123: Battles In Various Scenarios
“Wait, you made this sword?” I echoed with obvious skepticism. Since coming across such a mysterious sword, I had often wondered who this W.K IV was. More than once had I scoured through the library of Xyrus Academy in hopes to find the smith with those initials, only to be met with disappointment and a dizzying amount of royal names.
“Was I speaking a different language?” Wren replied curtly, his eyes still inspecting Dawn’s Ballad.
Ignoring his quip, I changed my approach. “Okay, so assuming that you did forge this sword, what was it doing in Dicathen?”
Until now, I had assumed that my sword was of dwarven origin because of their specialty in this craft. A dark, bulky, bear of a man with a thick beard and bulging arms covered with hair and hands hardened with callouses had always come to mind when imagining the maker of Dawn’s Ballad; the typical stereotype associated with smiths and other metalworkers. Instead, this bony man that looked like he’d get tired holding a pen for too long stated that he had forged this sword.
“Dawn’s Ballad was one of my experimental weapons—more or less a failure. I tossed it away in the Beast Glades of your continent on one of my visits to gather minerals, assuming that no one would be able to even tell it was anything other than a black stick, much less open it. To think that it had somehow ended up in your possession...What are the odds?” The asura actually began to calculate the probability of this before I interrupted him.
“A failure? I’ve never seen a sword of better quality and make in my life. What makes it a failure?” I pressed.
“As much as a compliment your words may be, comparing my weapons—no matter how poor in quality—to the primitive tools used by you lesser races only insults me.” He clicked his tongue. “I had forged this sword as more of a one-size-fits-all weapon. I must’ve been drunk when I thought that was a good idea. This sword just came out to be a sharp tool, nothing more, nothing less.” Wren finally pried his eyes off of the sword and exchanged glances at Windsom. “But this makes things interesting.”
Looking over my shoulder, I could see Windsom’s stoic face break into a smile as he replied, “I thought it might. So what do you think after meeting him? Will you do it?”
“What is going on?” I interrupted, lost. I began to grow afraid that the asura might claim back his weapon or even dispose of it completely for the sake of his pride. There was no doubt that I would never find a sword of this quality despite it being a “failure.”
“Arthur, I brought you here to Wren to accomplish two things. The first one, I had mentioned earlier. While his methods are unconventional, Wren has an usually keen eye in the practical theory of combat. The second reason was in hopes that Wren would produce a sword that is a better fit for your own unique form of combat.”
“Is that true?” I turned to Wren. “You’ll really forge a sword for me?”

“I don’t forge swords, brat. I create them. And I only came to train you because I owed a favor to Lord Indrath. His favor didn’t extend to wasting my time, making a sword for a lesser being.” Wren slid Dawn’s Ballad into its scabbard. “Anyways, I’m going to hold onto this sword for now.”
“For now? So you’ll give it back to me?” I confirmed, still apprehensive.
“Boy, Dawn’s Ballad might be just a sharp tool, but it still chose you. I’m not proud of this particular piece, but I’m not going to take it away from you,” he replied. The asura then stretched his arm in front of him and a sword suddenly emerged from the ground below. Grabbing the sword by its hilt, he tossed it to me. “For now, use this while training. I created it to measure the movements the user produces and the force of the impact it receives.”
“And you can just summon it from the ground at any time?” I asked, holding the seemingly normal shortsword in my hands.
“Out of everything I’ve done so far, you’re surprised by this?” Wren shook his head, motioning his hand at me. “Let me also hold onto the dragon feather.”
“What? Why this too?” I retreated, clasping my hand over my arm to cover the white feather.
“Do you find an innate urge to question everything I do?” the hunched asura snapped.
I reluctantly handed over the white feather over to Wren, scratching the scar I received after being bonded to Sylvie. Without the feather to cover it up, I felt bare, as if my skin had been removed.
Wren tucked the feather into his coat. “Now, I’m aware that you lesser beings need much more sleep than we do, so get some rest.”
“Wait, so we’re spending the night out here in the center of this barren crater?” I asked, looking around.
“Who said anything about we? Windsom and I have matters to attend to. And besides, there’s not always going to be a fluffy bed waiting for you during war, so I’m doing this for you.” The asura had a wicked smirk on his face as Windsom conjured a teleportation gate.
“Try to get some rest, Arthur,” Windsom advised just before stepping into the gate.
As the glowing runes making the teleportation circle faded, it grew eerily quiet. The occasional whistles of wind were the only sounds to be heard as I let out a sigh. Slipping my dusty clothes back on, I conjured up two slabs of earth to form a makeshift tent.

I must’ve knocked out as soon as laid my head against the pile of rocks I had gathered because a violent tremble caused me to smack my head against my stone pillow, jolting me awake in pain. I lowered the stone tent that I had created to be startled by the sight of countless golems encircled around my camp. Each of them wielded a different weapon but they all raised their weapons above their stone heads and swung down in unison.
My body acted on autopilot as I instinctively raised a dome of earth to protect me. With an explosive thud, the dome had crumbled and the debris fell on top of me. I was still dazed by the situation when Wren’s amplified voice resounded from above.
“You will never truly be at rest while you’re in the middle of a war, kid. You need to get used to fighting effectively in a suboptimal state. Now, strip your clothes and resume battle.”

“That damned lunatic,” I cursed. I could still hear the movements of the golems around me, waiting for me to come back up.
Gathering mana around me, I waited for them to draw in as close as possible. Once their footsteps were in range, I released my spell.
[Gale Force]
Instead of aiming it at them, I released the spell on the ground below me, creating a large cloud of sand and debris to cover me. Some of the closer golems were shoved back by force, giving me enough space to maneuver around as the sand covered their vision of me.
I lunged myself at the nearest golem, raising my testing sword in one fluid swipe. I knew that Wren wanted to mimic the environment of war, so I acted as if the golems were actual humans. I slashed at the golem’s jugular, and as expected, the golem fell on the floor, spewing a red liquid from its wound.
Another golem—this one wielding a large halberd—charged at me from behind. As it lowered its stance to thrust its weapon at me, I pivoted with my sword in position to parry the head of the halberd. However, even with a body strengthened with Sylvia’s will on top of mana, I was thrown off balance at the force of the stab. I spun to alleviate some of the momentum caused by the blow, but I had no time to breath as another golem shoved me with his iron shield.
Annoyed, I lashed out with a punch, my fist clad in lightning. The metal shield crumbled and the golem was shocked to the ground. Just then, the golem wielding the halberd swung his weapon at my head.
However, another golem, one of a different color, blocked my attacker with his shield.
“You’ll have allies in battle, Arthur. As one of the main players in the battle, it’ll be up to you whether you choose to be on the offensive—plowing through the lines of enemies—or staying near your team, keeping them alive.” I saw Wren overhead, floating in the sky as he sat on an earthen throne along with Windsom.

The battle resumed as the pile of golem corpses stacked on top of one another on the battlefield. I imagined the anthropomorphic summons made of stone as humans instead. The scene back in the dungeon, Widow’s Crypt, flashed to mind, leaving me a little nauseous.
As the hours drove on, the mock war that Wren had me endure began taking its toll. I understood more and more why gaining this experience was so crucial.
I had experienced wars only from the backline, strategizing for different scenarios on a macro level. Now, being in the middle of the battlefield, there were so many factors that differed from the usual duels that I had grown accustomed to since my previous life: the corpses and severed limbs that one could trip over, the blood that accumulated on the ground to form puddles that one could slip on. Even with the bright colors indicating the different sides the golems were on, it was easy to accidentally swing at an ally in the heat of a battle, creating a mental toll on reckless attacks that could potentially put allies in harm’s way.
As much as I hated giving credit to the eccentric asura, Wren did well creating an optimal learning environment. I wasn’t sure what sort of magic he had used, but the red liquid that the golems bled were very similar to that of blood. Soon, as the corpses of both enemy golems and ally golems increased and the blood-like liquid dyed the ground, a foul smell exuded the battlefield.
I realized how precious my mana reserves were as the hours of continuous battle dragged on. Even with my mana core at the mid-silver stage and my use of Mana Rotation, I had to know how to conserve my usage of magic. Flashy, long-range spells were better left to the conjurers in the back line as I spent my mana protecting myself and only in cases of emergency.
Throughout the battle, Wren shouted out pointers, advising me to avoid being herded into a corner as I continued to mow down enemy golems. Every now and then, golems that were stronger than usual would pop up, throwing me off guard as they massacred the golems on my side. I didn’t want to admit it, but I was positive that Wren could easily conjure a golem capable of killing me if he wanted to.
The day ended when I was able to take down all of the major golems that Wren had been so kind to distinguish with golden crowns on top of their heads.
“That was brutal,” I sighed, laying flat on the ground. I was in an almost constant state of battle from the moment I was rudely awakened, with no chance to eat, drink, or even pee.
Dinner was spent around a fire after Wren casually removed the golems and fake blood with a swipe of his hand. We began by debriefing the battle; Windsom had yet to return from wherever he and Wren went last night, so it was only Wren that was present to point out the mistakes I had made, from the minor ones to the potentially fatal ones.
“The total number of casualties on your side was 271 golems, while the other side had 512. Not an impressive victory considering the level I had made the golems on the enemy side,” Wren read off from his notes.
“Maybe it’s because they look like stone gorillas that I feel no empathy for them, regardless of whether they’re on my team or not,” I countered, biting into a tofu-like substance that Wren had given me to eat.
“I’ll keep that in mind. Go to sleep now. Tomorrow isn’t going to get any easier,” Wren replied as he jotted down some notes.
I had grown used to Wren’s sharp way of talking, as if even his words were a scarce commodity. Turning away from them, I conjured a makeshift bed of soft sand and hoped that the next time I was awakened wouldn’t be by an army of golems.
My thoughts ran amok during this period of rest. I thought about my role in the previous world. While there were a lot of flaws in the way the world was governed in my past life, I had to admit, things were simpler for me. When the outcome of nearly all problems rested on just one battle, it was black or white. Wars almost never happened unless it was a multi-country dispute. Even then, mass-scaled battles happened in controlled environments to minimize the death counts. This upcoming war wouldn’t have that. There were too many shades of grays to be accounted for.
I speculated on the different scenarios that could potentially happen because of this war. What would the casualties be? And to what extent should the end outweigh these casualties? I pondered. I had no one I cared for back on Earth. However, was I willing to sacrifice my loved ones for the “greater good?” Undoubtedly not.
I didn’t remember falling asleep, but I hardly did these days. To my surprise, I was able to get a good night’s rest. While my arms and legs ached from overuse, there were no golems on sight, leaving me more suspicious than relieved.
Suddenly, a bloodcurdling scream from behind made me whip around. What I saw bewildered me just as much as it filled me with horror.
With two, black horns gleaming menacingly against the morning sun, an asura of the Vritra Clan stood over me. Covered from the neck down in completely black-plated armor, the basilisk in human form opened his lips into a triumphant grin to reveal a row of jagged teeth, and in his grasp was someone I thought I would never see here.
I was barely able to form a word as another gut-wrenching scream was ripped out from the Vritra’s hostage. “T-Tess?”





Chapter 124
Chapter 124: Preparations
“Arthur! Please, help!” Tess choked out a desperate scream as I stood there, petrified at the turn of events. It really was Tessia Eralith. From her long, gunmetal-grey hair, to her turquoise eyes filled with tears, my childhood friend had somehow been dragged here from Dicathen.
Tess sputtered into a series of pained coughs as the basilisk tightened its grip around her waist.
Wasting no time, I charged at the black-horned asura with the practice sword Wren had left me. The repercussions of such a reckless course of action passed unheeded as I drew in, sword ablaze.
[Realmheart]
The familiar burning sensation spread through my body as I activated the rare blood-trait skill of the dragons. My sight altered into an enhanced, mana-focusing vision and golden-white runes glowed brightly beneath my clothes.
I drew forth the rampant energy from within Sylvia’s dragon will.
[Static Void]
This was the first time I had used the skill I had unlocked with the first phase of Sylvia’s will. I could see the purple specks of aether suddenly trembling around us as they buzzed into formation. Suddenly, the world stopped around me. The Vritra’s face was stuck in a menacing smirk while Tess was paused with her hair flailed about, mid-scream.
I could feel the seconds draining away my energy as I dashed towards the Vritra. Arriving right in front of my enemy, I released Static Void as soon as I was in position to strike at the hand grasping Tess.
The horned asura had no time to react at my attack as the blade of my sword sliced right through its forearm.
The horned asura let out an infuriated roar as he clutched his wound. I pried open the fingers that were still gripped around Tess’s waist and gently set her down on the ground. She was unconscious and ghastly pale, but still alive and breathing.
The basilisk’s severed hand was still spilling blood profusely, but when I turned to face my foe, he had already replaced his severed appendage with a metallic claw.
I kept close to Tess with my right hand gripping my sword and my left hand preparing a spell. I could see the yellow, earthen particles gathering at the tip of the basilisk’s false hand. I used the full extent of the limited knowledge I had gained from reading mana movement from Myre as I readied my counterattack as well.
As expected, the tips of the basilisk’s clawed fingers exploded toward me. Just as the five earthen spears accelerated, I raised my hand and fired a condensed burst of electricity. Three of the five earthen finger spears shattered upon impact as I parried another spear with the flat of my blade. I began gathering mana into my legs to charge at the basilisk by impulse, but an unsettling sensation crept up; the last spear was way too off course to have been aimed at me.
I whipped my head back to see the dark, earthen spear about to impale the unconscious Tess when I activated Static Void once more.
It felt like someone was stabbing needles into my heart as I raced toward my childhood friend. My mind whirled in fear and near-panic as I laid out my options. I could step in the path of the spear and use my body to shield Tess, but the injury I would sustain from the blow would leave me unable to protect her from the basilisk immediately after. I could also extend Static Void to encompass Tess and push her out of the spear’s path, but spreading the effects of Static Void to include another person would take a massive toll on my body.

I chose to go with the third option. Dropping my sword, I grabbed the spear that was paused mid-flight at Tess with both hands and braced myself.
Releasing Static Void, my body lurched forward as I tried to stop the earthen spike the size of Tessia herself with my bare hands. With a desperate spurt of strength, I managed to hold onto the speeding spike, my hands barely large enough to get a firm grip, long enough to drive it off-course.
The earthen spear that the basilisk fired buried itself from the ground just inches away from where Tess lay, creating a web of cracks from the sheer force of the impact. My hands were bloody and raw from gripping onto the speeding projectile, and my breath was pained and unsteady. Myre had been right. No matter how much I practiced Static Void, because my body wasn’t compatible with using aether to effect time, it would always put an enormous amount of strain on my body.
However, with the level that I was at currently, I needed to use all of the tools I had in order to have a fighting chance with a basilisk. The thought of both Tess and I in the cruel state that a basilisk had left Alea, the former lance, down in the dungeon, filled me with dread.
Each breath felt like there was a fire in my lungs as I positioned myself between the approaching two-horned basilisk and the unconscious Tess. I picked up my sword with a grimace at the pain and poured mana into it. Despite the strain my body had incurred from activating Realmheart and using Static Void twice, my mana reserves were still abundant thanks to the constant use of Mana Rotation.
I could maybe last long enough for either Wren or Windsom to arrive, but the problem was that for whatever reason, this basilisk was focused on harming Tess. I was contemplating my next course of action when it all clicked.
“Wren, enough of this!” I roared, stabbing my sword into the ground.
Nothing happened at first and, for a split second, I was afraid I had been wrong, but the towering basilisk stopped abruptly in his tracks before crumbling into fine dust.
Behind me was another mound of fine sand where the golem in the shape of Tess had been.
“You caught on rather quick. I was hoping to see how you played out the situation a bit more.” Wren emerged from the rocky ground, dusting off his shabby white coat.
“It’s hard not to catch on with such an absurd scenario, Wren. I hope you don’t get a kick out of doing things like this,” I retorted, disgruntled.
“How does one receive a kick from training? Improper teaching methods, perhaps? Is it a disciplinary action you lesser beings do to one another?”
“No, it’s an idiom—nevermind,” I sighed, shaking my head at the confused asura.
“Regardless of your illogical expression, what I did was for your benefit. Look at the state you’re in now; you’ve expended most of your energy on recklessly attempting to save that elf,” Wren grunted.
“Look. I know it wasn’t the best course of action, and I hate to say it, but there are people that I consider more important than anyone else, including myself.” I held my gaze firmly as Wren continued to study me.
“Hmm. Well, familial bonds and mates are important, even for asu—”
“Wait, what? Mate? Tess isn’t a mate.”
“Oh? From what Windsom told me and by your reaction, I was sure that her importance went above that of just infatuation. You two haven’t yet engaged in carnal intimacy?”

“No! I haven’t engaged in... carnal intimacy yet! Look, this is beside the point, Wren.” I could feel my face beginning to burn as the asura pondered his miscalculation.
“Huh. My apologies then.” Wren shrugged, his expression as apathetic as before. “Well, my point is that, in war, there will come a time when your enemies will try and exploit whatever weaknesses you hold. Considering that you will be one of the main powers on Dicathen’s side, all the more so.”
“Trust me; I know that.” Flashes of my previous life came to mind at this subject. I knew that there would be a point in time when the values of this life, the ones that went against my principles as King Grey, would come to hinder me.

“Then I suppose it’d be pointless for me to go on. Expect more training and tribulations like these, boy. Part of why I was tasked to nurture you out of your diapers is because I can single-handedly create all sorts of scenarios,” the hunched asura explained as he idly fiddled with his unruly hair.
Having lived two different lives, I wanted to refute his statement about me being in diapers, but I remembered that even with the combined span of time I’d been alive for—in both worlds—I’d still be much younger than any of the asuras I had met so far.
Taking a deep breath, I sat down on the ground. “So you can just create a dummy of anything using the earth?”
“Not anything. I wouldn’t be able to mimic the properties of water using earth, but mostly, yes,” the asura answered, sitting down on an extravagantly golden throne he conjured without even a snap of a finger.
I thought back to when I had faced the fake basilisk. Every detail of both the black-horned asura and Tess had been spot on. However, there were two things that gave it away. One was that the golem of the basilisk couldn’t emit the amount of pressure and killing intent it normally would. However, that wasn’t what threw me off. Besides the probability of a basilisk holding Tess all the way here in Epheotus being almost nonexistent, under the influence of Realmheart, I was able to see the mana fluctuation of yellow earthen particles all over the basilisk and Tess. I couldn’t figure it out at first because I failed to stay levelheaded, but as I realized what was happening, I was about ninety-percent sure.
“Is it impossible for lesser beings to reach such a level of insight to perform the level of mana arts asuras are capable of?” I wondered aloud.
“It goes against my nature to rule anything as impossible, so I’m just going to say that it is highly improbable. You of all people shouldn’t be so worried about probabilities though.”
“Why is that?” I asked.
“Well, the fact that you’re a walking testament to how skewed probabilities can be. With your innate ability to comprehend the workings of the four main elements as well as some of their deviating elemental forms coinciding so neatly with the fact that comprehension of all four elements is necessary to unlock the mysteries of aether that you’ve been so kindly bestowed by the very princess of dragons, every bit about you is an outlier, boy,” Wren explained. “Even asuras don’t have that much innate talent and luck.”
“If that’s your way of cheering me up, thank you,” I chuckled, getting back up to my feet. “Now, what’s next on our to-do list?”
“Before that, boy, give me your dominant hand.” Wren got up from his makeshift throne and walked towards me.
Spreading my right hand with my palm facing up, I stared at the asura curiously. I could never read his face since he always had the same tired expression, like he’d drop to the floor snoring at any moment.
Taking out a small, black case the size of a fist from his coat pocket, he opened it and held out a small, pyramid-shaped, opaque gem. “This is a mineral called an acclorite. Now, by itself, it’s a rather rare but useless piece of rock. However, with the right refining and synthesizing process that I will keep to my grave, it is capable of doing something remarkable.”
“As in, speeding up the training process of the user?” I guessed.

“Remember when I said I don’t forge swords, but create them?” the hunched asura asked, still holding out the tiny gem in front of me.
I nodded in reply.
“Well, with the use of this small little gem and the right tools, I can essentially grow a weapon.”
“Grow? As in, grow like a tree?” I reiterated, sure that I had heard wrong.
“Yes,” the asura sighed, scratching his head. “I swear, you get surprised by the most odd things. You hardly bat an eye at the fact that I can conjure a near perfect replica of your mate—”
“Not my mate,” I cut off.
Rolling his eyes, he continued, “Yes, your elf lover that you have yet to copulate with, but you get shocked by the fact that I can grow a weapon?”
Letting out a defeated breath, I motion for him to continue.
“Normally, I would use the feedback from years, decades even, worth of constant observation of how you fight, in order to get the proper information to create a weapon that perfectly suits you, but because of the circumstances surrounding you, I’m going for a bit of a gamble by doing this,” Wren clarified.
“What do you me—” A sudden, sharp pain cut me off as the asura suddenly stabbed the gem into the center of my palm.
“Gah! What are you doing?” I winced as Wren continued burying the opaque gem deeper into my flesh until it was completely submerged under my skin.
“Oh I’m sorry, I forgot to count to three,” he jibed, rubbing my blood that’d gotten on his finger on my shirt. “I synthesized the acclorite with a portion of Lady Sylvia’s feather as well as a scale from Lady Sylvie. These are both indispensable parts of what make you who you are. By doing this, I’m going to hope that some of the unpredictabilities will be accounted for.”
“What would be so unpredictable?” I asked as I studied the small hole in my palm where the gem was buried.
“Every movement, action, thought, and change in your body will all factor into how your weapon will manifest. Even I have no idea how your weapon will turn out,” the asura confessed. “If it even comes out as a weapon.”
“I’m sorry, but I’m not quite following along, Wren. Why do it this way if the outcome is uncertain? And besides, I thought you weren’t going to make me a weapon?”
“Well, you’re going to need more than just a sharp stick to get by in the future if you’re going to be facing those ingenious basilisks from the Vritra Clan and whatever spawn they conjure up,” he grumbled.
The asura’s face turned solemn before continuing. “And it’s because we don’t have that much time.”
“Wait, I thought that I would have about two years left before the war starts?” I stared at Wren as an uneasy feeling crept up from the pit of my stomach.
There was a hesitant pause from Wren as he deliberated on what to say next.
“Kid, Windsom just received word from Aldir about the most recent news of Dicathen.”
“And?”
“Before I say anything else, Know that I’m telling you this against Windsom and Lord Indrath’s wishes. I want you to make the logical decision. With the help of the aether orb in some portions of the training, it’ll still take about a year before the acclorite manifests itself into a weapon. You’ll also need that much time to strengthen yourself for the war.” Wren’s face creased with something akin to worry as he explained.
“Just tell me,” I pressed.
“Arthur, although the full army has yet to arrive...the war has already started.”





Chapter 125
Chapter 125: The Calm of War
TESSIA ERALITH’S POV:
“I can fight, Grandpa!” I yelled, slamming my palms on the table.
“And I’m telling you that you can’t,” he snapped back as his eyes stayed glued to the document he was reading, refusing to meet my gaze.
“Enough, Tessia. Your grandfather is right. The risk of putting you out on the field is much too high and unnecessary right now,” Master Aldir’s commanding voice cut in.
“But, Master! Even you said yourself that I’m much stronger than I was before!” I argued, ignoring my grandfather.
“And that is still not enough.” The one-eyed asura’s tone was matter-of-fact.
I could feel my face burning hot as I did all I could from keeping my tears at bay. Refusing to let them see me cry, I stormed out of the study as Grandpa called out for me.
I marched down the long, narrow hallway lit by widely-spaced torches that flickered brightly against the cobblestone wall. I banked a left near the end of the hallway, reaching two, solid-iron doors guarded on either side by an armored augmenter and a well-dressed conjurer.
“Princess? What brings you here?” the conjurer called out, her voice laced with concern.
“Please open the doors,” I ordered, my eyes focused on the center of the entrance. Despite my sour mood, I couldn’t help but stare in awe at the unique doors that guarded this castle. I remembered that when it was first completed by Professor Gideon, even Master Aldir had been pleased by the craftsmanship.
“I-I’m sorry, we haven’t received any notice from Commander Virion or Lord Aldir that anyone would be leaving,” the armored augmenter muttered as he traded uncertain glances with his companion.

“Open the doors, she’s supposed to run an errand with me,” a familiar voice echoed from behind.
“General Varay!” Both guards saluted in unison before lowering themselves into a respectful bow.
Turning around, I let out a relieved smile at the lance, who had become more like an older sister to me these past two years.
The elegant, yet intimidating lance approached me with a steady and purposeful gait, her tight-fitting navy coat trailing gracefully behind her. Varay’s left hand rested on the pommel of the thin sword strapped to her waist as she nodded at me with her usual aloof expression.
The two guards immediately went to work opening the double doors. The conjurer mumbled a long incantation as the augmenter went to work pulling the various knobs and levers all over the intricate doors.
“Thank you, Varay.” I hugged her arm as we headed inside the room.
Once inside, the iron double doors closed behind us with a loud thud. While the room was heavily secured with a unique mechanism on the door that required a complex pattern of spells and precise movement of locks to open, the area it was guarding wasn’t nearly as noteworthy. The small, rather musty cylinder room was all but empty except for a single teleportation gate and a gateman in charge of controlling the gate’s destination.
The elderly gateman stood up straight at our sight, dropping the book he had been reading to pass the time. “General Varay, Princess Tessia, what can I do for you?”
Varay looked over her shoulder, waiting for me to speak.
“Etistin City, please,” I responded.
“Certainly!” The gateman went to work, mumbling over the ancient runes that allowed such complex magic.
The gate, a stone platform with a complicated sigil that marked the center of it, began glowing different colors before it focused on its directed location.
“All ready. Please take this emblem for identification when you use the gate at Etistin. This will be the only way the gateman over there will let you return to the castle,” the elderly gateman said as he handed the two of us a small metal locket with the three-race insignia on it.
“Surely they’d know who we are, right?” I asked as I tucked the locket in the inner pocket of my fitted robe.
The gateman shook his head. “Security has tightened throughout the continent because outside attacks have become more frequent. Even though Etistin is still quite a distance away from the Beast Glades, Commander Virion has employed stricter measures just in case.”

“I see.” I let out a sigh as I stepped up to the platform where the teleportation gate stood. “Are you sure you want to come with me to babysit me, Varay?”
“I just finished my lessons with Princess Kathlyn so a little break for me is fine,” she answered back curtly, stepping up behind me.
Our surroundings distorted as soon as we stepped into the gate, my vision being filled with a blurry montage of luminescent colors.
We arrived in seconds to the city that was once the humans’ capital in the country of Sapin. I remembered from school that the city was built on the western coast of the continent back then to be out of reach from the dwarven and elven countries as well as to keep as far away from the Beast Glades as possible.

However, almost years ago, after the war was announced, King Glayder basically tore down the city, as well as all the neighboring ones, and had it built back up as armored forts; this was in anticipation of the army of Alacrya most likely coming toward this side.
“Princess Tessia and General Varay!” the two gatemen exclaimed in surprise as they both gave a deep bow.
“We’re not here on official business. Please, relax,” I coaxed, smiling at the guards who all had concerned expressions. We left the secured room where the the gate was placed, stepping out into the busy streets. The both of us hid our faces underneath our woolen hoods to keep from attracting needless attention.
Outside, the streets were filled with a panorama of bustle and noise. Merchants wheeled their carts through the wide street as the vendors and entertainers that had set up small tents and canopies on either side of the large, main road were haggling with the housewives. Ever since Etistin was demolished and rebuilt as a military city, the economy relied on the soldiers and their families that were stationed here. Smiths and other craftsmen travelled here knowing that their work would be in high demand. Merchants soon went out of their way to set up shops here because of the ever-growing population that derived from how many soldiers were stationed.
Just walking down the street, you could see the soldiers, whether they were burly augmenters or lean conjurers, marching with weapons in hand. They all wore the same moss-green and silver uniform with the Triunion emblem that had become the official symbol of Dicathen.
“Was there anything specific you wanted to do?” Varay asked as she slowed her pace to match mine.
“Not particularly.” I shook my head. “I just wanted some fresh air and to be away from everyone in the castle.”
“Keep your sword out and ready at all times, Tessia,” Varay said, pointing to my empty waist.
Letting out a sigh, I replied, “I’m here with you, right? And besides, this city is like the farthest point from all of the fighting.”
Etistin was rebuilt to be the very last line of defense against the Alacryan army seeing as its location was farthest away from the battle and in an ideal location with most of its sides facing the ocean.

Our main forces had actually been sent out into the Beast Glades to explore dungeons because that was where the Alacryan forces had been popping out from. From what Grandpa Virion had deduced from their investigations, the unnatural occurrences that had happened over the past ten years, including the death of one of our lances, Alea, were for the purpose of setting up hidden teleportation gates in the depths of the dungeons. It would be hard for them to instantly teleport an army, but with enough time and enough individual teleportation gates, the Alacryan forces could muster up enough soldiers and mages to do considerable damage if they didn’t prepare beforehand.
After this news came to light, Master Aldir and my grandfather had to strategize on the defenses around the Beast Glades.
“In times of war, it’s necessary to always be ready for the worst case,” Varay replied.
I didn’t want to argue any further so I took out my sword from my dimension ring and strapped it to my waist underneath my wool cloak. “Happy?”
She nodded. “Satisfied.”
“So how is Kathlyn and Curtis doing with their training?” I asked quietly, stopping by a stall that had a particularly beautiful set of handcrafted jewelries.
“Bairon tells me Curtis is determined and hardworking, but that their progress is slow. He has definitely made progress but even as a beast tamer, his comprehension of mana is only average at best. Princess Kathlyn, on the other hand, is moving along well in her training. I was told she was always a bit more gifted than everyone else, and from these two years, I understand why,” Varay answered, looking apathetically at the jewels she had no fondness for.
“Well not more than everyone else,” I corrected when a dull ache gripped at my heart.
“You’re right. I forget at times that the boy is your guys’ age. Arthur is an anomaly of a whole different level, no doubt.” Varay nodded at herself. “I can only imagine what level he will be at when he comes back after training with the asuras.”
Even through her expressionless face, it was easy to tell that Varay was a bit envious of Arthur. After all, training with the asuras on a higher level than even Master Aldir was something that someone could only wish for in their dreams.
However, I knew firsthand how harsh the asuras were just from the dozen or so lessons I had received from Aldir over these past two years. Imagining myself under constant supervision by Master Aldir sent shivers down my spine.
As we continued walking down the main road, I admired the imposing outer walls that surrounded the whole city. I could barely see the small figures of guards patrolling on top of the wall from where I was standing. The city had been rebuilt so that the buildings build on the center of the city were the highest. The buildings and homes surrounding it all lowered the farther out someone went so that conjurers and long range augmenters could easily go on top of any of the buildings and have a clear shot at their enemies without fear of obstruction. Of course, this was only if the enemies were able to break in through the thick, mana-enforced walls that surrounded Etistin.
“Do you think the Alacryan army will be able to make it all the way here?” I asked, still staring at the outer walls. “I heard from Grandpa that Director Cynthia said Alacrya is to the west of Dicathen. Doesn’t that mean this place is closest to our enemy?”
“Yes, but she also said that they had no effective way of transporting significant amounts of soldiers across the ocean, which is why they’re going for a more discreet method of coming through teleportation gates that they had set up all over the Beast Glades,” she answered as she veered off to look at some of the weapons on display at a nearby forge.
“I see,” I mumbled. I felt bad for Director Cynthia, who had been confined for these two years. While Master Aldir was able to break enough of the curse that had bound her from releasing any information about her homeland so that she could divulge some intelligence, Director Cynthia still ended up in a comatose state. At the expense of her consciousness, the woman who was once in charge of Xyrus Academy was able to tell us some critical information regarding her homeland. Now, she was simply lying, barely alive, in a room constantly taken care of by a nurse.
Much of the business regarding the war had caused a strain in my relationship with my grandfather. While he had always looked scary, Grandpa had always been the nice, embarrassing man who just wanted what was best for me. After he had taken on the role of commanding the militant forces with Master Aldir, who operated only in the shadows, his personality became darker and more strict.
I hated that it had to happen, but I didn’t blame Grandpa; at least I was able to see him more often than my mom and dad. My parents and Kathlyn’s parents were working the social front, doing everything they could to further strengthen and implement action from the cities. With the King and Queen Greysunders both killed, the dwarves were in rebellion, so our parents were working to, once again, gain their allegiance.
“Watch out!” someone suddenly yelled as he ran headfirst into me.
With my thoughts totally occupied elsewhere, my body ran on instinct as I grabbed his wrist while I pivoted my body. Placing my foot in front of his, the person tripped and I had him pinned down with my sword half-unsheathed, pressed against his throat, when I saw the person’s face.
“Emily?” I sputtered, alarmed.





Chapter 126
Chapter 126: Calm of War II</h3> <hr />
“P-Princess?” she exclaimed, even more surprised than I was.
I quickly sheathed my sword and released my friend. Emily Watsken had been the only girl my age besides Kathlyn that I had spent any considerable amount of time with. Her master, Gideon, came in and out of the castle when he wasn’t engrossed in new gadgets and inventions that he believed could help out in the war.
“I’m so sorry, Emily. You just came kind of out of nowhere and my body reacted on its own,” I apologized, helping her gather the tools and books she had been carrying before I flipped her so gracefully on the ground.
“No, I should be more careful, haha! I was carrying way too many things and my glasses slipped so I couldn’t really make out where I was going. Besides, that was kinda fun. You know, in an abrupt and slightly brain-rattling sort of way,” Emily assured, her voice a bit shaky. Noticing the dark-haired lance next to me, she stiffened before bowing. “Hello, General Varay.”
“Greetings, Miss Watsken,” Varay nodded as she remained upright with no intention to help.
Emily tied back her thick, curly hair that had exploded out of its ponytail state because of me. As I stacked the items on Emily’s arms, I couldn’t help but notice the worn out pieces of paper filled with scribbles that had fallen out of her tattered notebook.
“What are you and Professor Gideon working on nowadays, anyway? I haven’t seen you at the castle in a while,” I took on some of Emily’s load once the stack of books had started reaching her face.
“Ugh, don’t call him Professor. My nutjob of a master can hardly be considered sane, let alone an educator of the future generations,” Emily huffed, letting out a tired sigh.
“Well, he was still a professor at Xyrus for a point in time before all of this happened,” I pointed out as I walked alongside her.
“Yeah, so you know as well as I do how many students were taken to the infirmary because of all the explosions and fires he’s caused in that limited ‘point in time,’” Emily muttered as she used the stack of books she was holding to push her glasses back up.
“You’ve had it rough, haven’t you?” I chuckled, bumping her gently with my shoulder.
“I swear, I think I’ve lost count of how many times I’ve had to dig up my master from a pile of debris and useless junk after an explosion he’d caused. Anyways, I was getting these observation notes that a team of adventurers had written back to Master Gideon. Do you want to come along?”
“Can I?” I asked, turning my head to Varay for consent. Giving me a curt nod in response, I agreed to follow along.
“How have you been these days anyway, Princess?” Emily asked as we weaved our way through the main road.
“Drop it with the ‘Princess,’ Emily; you know I hate that,” I scolded. “And I’ve been terrible. You have no idea how suffocating it is inside the castle.”
“Oh sure. The halls are pretty narrow and the ceilings are much too low for a castle,” she agreed, clumsily sidestepping a passerby.
“Ha, ha. You think you’re so clever.” I rolled my eyes.
“Hey, I’m a delight!” she puffed proudly. “Besides, try being stuck with someone like Master for hours a day and see what that does to your sense of humor.”

“Oh, woe is you! You’re a real damsel in need of a better social outlet.” I stuck my tongue out at her. Emily did the same as we eventually broke out into a fit of giggles.
“I’m serious, though. You have no idea what it’s like being stuck in a castle with an asura and an overbearing grandfather that can make taking a breath of air seem like a dangerous activity.”
“Ew, sounds suffocating.” Emily’s face cringed.
“Tell me about it,” I sighed.
“But don’t be so rough with your grandfath—I mean, Commander Virion,” she amended, casting a quick glance back at Varay. “After how you were kidnapped and almost killed, I can only imagine how he and your parents must’ve felt...”
“I know. I try not to be, but when he has me caged up like a bird, I can’t help it. Training has been the only way for me to let out my stress, but with more and more sightings and attacks from the Alacryan forces coming out of the Beast Glades, no one has the time to train with me.”
Emily puffed out her cheeks, trying to think of a response. We eventually took a turn into a less crowded street, Varay sticking close behind us like a shadow in case anything were to happen.
“Oh yeah, any news about Arthur?” Emily asked.
“You mean besides the same old news that Master Aldir repeats like a neurotic mimic bird?” I shook my head.
“He is training. That is all you need to know,” Emily recited in a deep voice exactly the same way she had when I told her the last time.
“Yup!” I giggled.
There was another gap of silence in our conversation when Emily asked in a hushed whisper. “What about Elijah?”
A sharp pang ran through my chest at the mention of that name, not because I was sad, but because I could imagine how guilty Arthur must be feeling.
“No news. Honestly, I have no idea why Elijah was taken to Alacrya alive,” I confessed, clutching tightly onto the books.
It was my fault in a way that this happened to Elijah. I barely knew the guy aside from the fact that he was Arthur’s closest friend. From what others that witnessed the scene had described, it seemed like he’d tried to save me before he was taken.
It was obvious that Elijah had tried to save me for his best friend; for all we knew, he could’ve been tortured for information or taken hostage to lure Arthur or maybe just even killed. I knew some of these possibilities were a bit of a stretch, but it scared me to think that this happened to him because of me.
What’s worse was that, more than feeling sorry for Elijah, I felt like I was more scared that Arthur would hate me because of this—because of what happened to his best friend. I thought I was strong; ever since I had received the elderwood guardian will from Arthur, I felt invincible—even when I couldn’t fully control it. How foolishly naive I was. I should’ve listened to Arthur when he told me he’d come with me to school. I should’ve been more ready.
These were the thoughts that made my nights often sleepless, but they were also the thoughts that drove me to train harder. Train so I would be strong... train so that I wouldn’t be a liability to anyone.
“—ssia? Tessia?” Varay’s voice jolted me out of my thoughts.
“Yeah?” I looked up to be suddenly face-to-face with the lance.

“You okay?” Emily asked from my side, her voice laced with concern.
“Huh? Oh, yeah, of course I am. Why do you ask?” I muttered as Varay wordlessly placed a hand on my forehead.
“Not sick,” she said simply before giving me some space.

“You kind of seemed dazed,” she said as we approached a large, square building. “Anyways, we’re here.”
As we approached Professor Gideon’s and Emily’s workplace, I couldn’t help but marvel at the structure. It wasn’t impressive in the traditional sort of way but it really was a sight to see. The square structure was only one story high, but in order to go through the front entrance, you needed to go down a flight of stairs, indicating that there was at least one level underground.
With thick and imposing walls, it seemed more like a shelter civilians would go to in case of a disaster than a research facility.
“Come on. These books are getting heavier by the minute,” Emily called out from ahead.
The three of us went down the stairs and through a metal door similar to the one that guarded the teleportation gate inside the flying castle.
Emily set her things on the ground and placed both palms at different locations on the door. I couldn’t hear what she was mumbling, but soon, streams of light glowed brightly from where her hands had been placed and the single door unhinged with a loud click.
Going inside, my senses were overwhelmed. There was a frenzy of movement from workers and artificers as sounds of metals clanging against one another echoed along the building. The large building was one gigantic space, separated only by moveable partitions dividing different projects that were simultaneously going on. Throughout all of this, I couldn’t help but keep my nose pinched at the indescribably pungent smell.
“What is this stench?” I asked, my voice coming out nasally.
“What isn’t this stench!” Emily shook her head. “So many different minerals and materials are being either melted or refined that it’s hard to discern the smells apart.”
Even Varay cringed as we went further down the stairs.
“Damn it, Amil! How many times do I have to drill into that thick skull of yours that you can’t keep those two minerals in the same container! They’ll draw each other’s properties out, and I’ll be left with two useless hunks of rock!” a voice exploded all the way from the back corner of the building.
“Ah, there’s my lovely master’s voice,” Emily sighed as she motioned for us to follow.
As we made our way to the source of the harsh voice, we bumped into the man who I could only assume was Amil by his shaken expression and the fact that he was holding a box full of rocks.
“E-Excuse me,” he croaked, his voice cracking. “Oh, h-hello Emily. Tread carefully around Master Gideon; he’s a bit on edge today.”
The poor man gave us all a quick bow, barely even looking at us as he hurriedly ran off to fix his mistake.
Continuing our little tour of Emily’s workplace, an elderly gentleman that had been talking with a group of several men in the traditional brown robes that most artificers wore turned around as he heard us approaching. His eyes lit up as he made his way toward us after dismissing the group of men.

Judging by his wardrobe, I would’ve normally assumed he was just a butler, but something about the way he carried himself and the respect the men back there showed him told me it wasn’t that simple.
“Good afternoon, Princess, General, and Miss Emily. I’m glad you came back so quickly, Master Gideon is waiting for you.” The gentleman dipped his head in a little bow and led the way after taking the items that Emily and I had been carrying.
“Thanks, Himes. Is Master in one of his moods again?” Emily asked, following closely behind the butler.
“I’m afraid so, Miss Emily. I’m sure he’s only agitated waiting for these,” he answered, holding up the pile of leather-bound notebooks.
We made our way through the maze of partitions until we arrived at a particularly closed off space enclosed in the corner by rather high partitions. As soon as we entered through the tiny opening between the dividers, we were met by Professor Gideon, who practically pounced at the notebooks Himes was carrying. The genius artificer and inventor looked the same as he always had, with the same, lightning-struck hair, beady eyes, and brows that seemed permanently furrowed together. The wrinkles on his forehead did seem to be even deeper than before, just like how his dark circles somehow continued to grow darker.
“It’s nice to see you too, Master,” Emily mumbled. She turned to me and Varay, giving us a shrug.
At first, I wanted to explore the facility, but as Professor Gideon progressed through the stack of notebooks with breakneck speed—practically tearing apart the pages as he flipped through them—my curiosity drove me to stay and wait. It seemed like Emily and Varay both had the same thoughts I did, because they were both staring intently at Professor Gideon as well.
Suddenly, after going through about six notebooks, he stopped on a particular page.
“Shit!” Professor Gideon slammed his hands on his desk before scratching furiously at his unruly hair.
We stayed silent, not knowing how to respond. Even Emily stared wordlessly, waiting for her master to say something.
“General, can you make a trip with me?” Professor Gideon’s eyes stayed glued to the notebook as he asked this.
“I’m currently with the Princess,” she answered simply.
“Bring her along too. Emily, you come as well,” Gideon responded as he gathered the pile of notebooks and scattered pieces of paper on his desk.
“Wait, Master. Where are we going?”
“The eastern coast, on the northern border of the Beast Glades,” the inventor answered curtly.
“Commander Virion has prohibited Princess Tessia from venturing out. Having her come—”
“Then leave her here. I just need you or another general to come with me in case anything happens, which will be unlikely,” he cut her off as he continued gathering his things. “We just need to leave as soon as possible. Emily, bring me my usual inspection kit.”
Emily scurried out of her master’s makeshift office. Varay took out a communication artifact from her dimension ring when I quickly grasped her hand.
“Varay, I want to go,” I said, squeezing the lance’s hand.
Varay shook her head. “No, your grandfather would never allow it. It’s too dangerous.”
“But Aya is out on a mission, and Bairon is still busy training Curtis. Please—you heard Professor Gideon, he said nothing’s going to happen,” I insisted. “Besides, Professor Gideon seems to be in a hurry!”
“Damn right I am, now let’s go. There’s just something I need to confirm with my own eyes. We’ll be back before the day is over,” Professor Gideon reassured as he put on a coat.
I could see the lance hesitating so I drove in one last nail. “Varay, you’ve seen me train for the last two years. You know how strong I’ve become,” I said, my gaze relentless.
After a moment of deliberation, Varay let out a sigh. “Then you must obey my every command while we are on this trip. You fail to do that and this will be the last time I help you get out of the castle.”
I nodded furiously, eager to explore a part of the continent I had never gone to before, regardless of how short the trip would be. As soon as Emily arrived with a large black bag in tow, we set out.





Chapter 127
Chapter 127: Washed Up Omen</h3> <hr />
The only stop we made was at the stable to pick out a few horses for our trip after going through the teleportation gate. We needed to go a bit out of the way to find horses accustomed to going through teleportation gates, which caused Professor Gideon to fidget with impatience.
The man was a nervous wreck throughout the trip. He said very little after going through the teleportation gate, only snapping at the reigns of his black steed to go faster. Soon, we arrived at a rather thin trail with the Forest of Elshire to our left. I could see the thin fog spilling over onto our trail, making the road look kind of creepy. To our right, there was a thin stream that acted as a fence, marking the border of the Elshire Forest and the edge of the Beast Glades.
Emily sat behind Himes on a white stallion as I rode with Varay on a particularly gentle brown horse, leaving us with little else to do but talk. However, we rode in silence most of the trip; it was hard to talk over the sound of our horses’ hoofbeats clicking on the ground.
Eventually, the familiar, briny smell of the ocean filled the air. I could almost taste the salt on my tongue from the growing breezes that whipped against my face. While the weather was cool, it was obvious that it was growing much more humid, fast. My shirt began sticking to my skin, leaving me uncomfortable and grimy.
“We’re almost here!” Professor Gideon yelled over the howl of the wind. Soon, the trees that made up the dense, magical forest began spreading apart, and eventually clearing up to a wide plain of wild grass and shrubs.
The ocean came into view, quickly widening from the horizon as we drew closer to the edge of the shore. The strength and speed of the winds grew stronger the closer we got to our destination, soon drowning out the sound of our horses’ gallop. Large rocks began popping up more and more on the field of grass that sandwiched us on both sides until we had stopped our horses on the edge of a rocky ledge that overlooked the shore.
I had to shield my face with the hood of my cloak against the sharp, sand-filled winds that cut against my body. I was about to ask if we had arrived when I spotted something unnatural on the coast.
It was a humongous boat, or rather, what was left of it. As the waves lapped against its metal exterior, I couldn’t help but feel like I had seen it before, when it suddenly popped into my mind.
“Wait, isn’t that the Dicatheous?” I gasped, peeking out from underneath my cloak as I turned to Professor Gideon.
“No,” he said, his voice barely audible against the wind. “It’s worse.”
“Wait, it’s not the Dicatheous?” I asked, taking another glance at the familiar ship to make sure.
While I wasn’t able to see the departure of the monumental ship because it overlapped with the start of my second year at Xyrus Academy, I had seen it when it was still being constructed. I could still remember quite clearly the first time I had laid eyes on the mysterious craft that spewed black smoke like some sort of metallic dragon. To be able to carry hundreds of people and still traverse the unknown dangers of the ocean, it was hard to believe it at that time.

“What do you mean worse?” Varay cut in as she surveyed our surroundings, her hand resting firmly on the pommel of the thin sword strapped to her waist.
“Leave the horses here. We’ll need to go on foot if we want to get to that wreckage site.” Ignoring us both, Professor Gideon swung his leg over his horse, dismounting rather clumsily. “Emily, Himes! Grab the bag!”
I opened my mouth to ask again, exasperated by how constantly the professor kept doing things at his own pace, disregarding everyone else. However, with a consoling squeeze on the shoulder from Emily, I just let out a sigh and we followed Professor Gideon. The old inventor was already making his way down the rocky slope to the shore rather nimbly despite how wet the rocks were. Varay and Himes trailed closely behind, both of them with their necks stretched, looking for any signs of danger as they easily hopped from one stone to another.
“I’m going to need the ship completely out of the water. Can either one of you ladies do the honors?” Professor Gideon turned his head, switching glances between Varay and me.
My hand shot up in the air.
“Let me tr—” I volunteered excitedly before remembering what Master Aldir had constantly warned me about. “I mean, Varay should do it.”
The lance gave me a sympathetic look before getting to work. The task wasn’t hard for her; with a simple wave of her hand, she swept the tides back enough to reveal the whole ship, then she took a moment to conjure a wall of ice around the remains of the wreckage to keep the water from spilling back in.
Varay made an opening in the ice fortress for us to enter through and almost immediately after crossing, I stopped to gaze in awe.
Perhaps it was because I had only seen the Dicatheous during its construction, but many of the features I remembered about the ship, from its large metal frame and multiple cylindrical pipes, undoubtedly resembled this large contraption. Regardless, neither of these two metallic monstrosities looked nothing like the wooden sailboats that I was accustomed to.
Further inspection of the large craft led me to notice the reason why it had been stranded here, partly sunken, in the first place. Apart from the more obvious dents that had deformed the base of the ship, there were rows of puncture marks as well.
“Don’t those kind of look like...bite marks?” I marveled, walking toward the side of the ship.
“Dang, imagine how big the monster was to have a mouth that could take a chomp at this,” Emily sighed.
I couldn’t help but grow more and more curious the longer I studied the giant boat. If it truly was not Dicatheous, then what was it? Who had built it? For what purpose did it come to this continent?
Another observation I drew was that, while the thick metal frame had incurred fairly substantial damages, it didn’t seem... old. There weren’t any signs of rust that I knew happened to most metals left in places like this for too long.

“Well then, on we go,” Professor Gideon grunted, stepping into one of the larger holes that had punctured through the bottom of the ship.
“Wait.” Varay held up her arm to halt the professor. Before he could respond, the lance sent a large pulse of mana through the abandoned ship.
“No signs of life,” she confirmed.

“An unnecessary precaution, but thanks,” Professor Gideon grumbled, climbing into the hole at the base of the ship.
“Don’t go too far ahead, Master!” Emily ran in after him, her eyes practically twinkling in excitement.
Looking at Varay, I couldn’t help but notice the faint traces of concern on her normally expressionless face. Even after checking for any potential dangers, there was still something worrying the lance.
Upon stepping inside the ship after Himes, my nose caught on to the acrid smell of wood rotting. The air was heavy and warm, and bitter to the tongue, forcing me to breathe through my nose despite the less-than-pleasant aroma of molding lumber.
The lower levels were spacious, with not much inside except for the columns of iron—some broken, others bent—that had once supported the ceiling. Shattered remains of wooden crates littered the floor but whatever was inside most likely had either perished or been washed away by the ocean water.
I could see the old inventor studying the remains of whatever he could find before he and Himes climbed up the metal stairs leading to the next floor up. This left me, Emily, and Varay to explore the abandoned vessel on our own accord; only, we had no idea what it was we were searching for, and why we were here in the first place.
After finding little else of interest, we weaved through the mounds of seaweed and sand that had infiltrated the ship and followed after Professor Gideon and his butler to the floor above.
It was easy to figure out that the bottommost levels of this abandoned ship had been used as mostly storage, but the strange thing was that everything was destroyed. Varay had been the one to point it out, but even if she hadn’t revealed that fact, I would’ve still put together the traces. On the metal floors—where shattered remnants of items lay scattered—were blackened marks of what looked like soot; someone or some people had deliberately wiped all traces of what could’ve been used as valuable pieces of information.
“Looks like whoever was on this ship didn’t want anyone knowing who they were,” I said, kicking some debris in hopes of finding anything of value.
Varay looked around, but stayed close to Emily and I, in case something were to pop up.

“What’s weird is that even the upper floors here are damp for some reason. How did the water come all the way up here when the ship was only half-sunken?” Emily pointed out, running her hand along the wooden floor, only to come up wet.
“That’s because, until a few weeks ago, this ship was fully submerged in the ocean.” We all looked over our shoulders to see Professor Gideon and Himes walking down the stairs from the floor above us.
“Which is why no one had seen this ship, despite its size, until recently,” Varay concluded.
The inventor simply nodded as he and Himes made their way to us. “The journal I was reading earlier was written by a group of adventurers who were coming back from a scouting mission. They had taken the same route to reach their destination, but it was only on the way back that the tides had receded enough to reveal this.
“I see. Master, then what do you think happened to all the crewmembers that were on this ship?” Emily asked. “Do you think they all drowned?”
“No.” Professor Gideon shook his head. “There would be at least some remains of human bodies left on this ship.”
Emily and I exchanged glances, not quite catching on to what the old inventor was getting at.
Letting out a sigh, Professor Gideon squatted in front of the blackened mark on the floor and scratched at it with his finger. “It means you’re right, Princess. The people on here definitely did not want them seeing this ship, let alone whatever and whoever they had inside.”
“That means that—”
“Yes. Either they all escaped and are out there somewhere...or perhaps, their captain oh-so-kindly nudged them off the ship.”
“I had a hunch when I first saw the ship but does that mean...” Varay’s voice trailed off as she stared intently at Professor Gideon.
“After reading the report, I wished dearly to whatever divine being was watching over us that my guess would be wrong, but I don’t think it is,” he sighed.
“What—what is it? What is going on?” I butted in, their solemn tones filling me with unease.
“I had assumed that the crew of the Dicatheous went through some troubles when we lost contact with them a few years back, so when I read the the report, I thought maybe—just maybe, the crew had somehow repaired the ship and almost made it back. But the materials used to build this, down to the very frame of this ship, differ ever-so-slightly in design.
“After coming here, I’m positive that this ship isn’t, and never was, the Dicatheous. It’s still a little rough around the edges, but the technology put into this ship was top secret, known only to me and few of the key designers,” Professor Gideon explained.
Emily drew in a sharp breath, her eyes wide with fear as the horrifying reality began to dawn on everyone here. “Master, you can’t mean to say—”
“It’s exactly what I mean to say,” Professor Gideon interrupted. “Think about it— the fact that there are no corpses, no personal belongings left behind. There are almost no discernable traces that anyone has ever been here. Why? Because the leader of this ship didn’t want their enemy to know that they are capable of making this. And with good reason; the very fact that this exists changes the very dynamics of this war.”
“And by war, you mean...” my voice trailed off into silence. I locked eyes with Varay and she nodded, her eyes stern and grave. My hands trembled as I brought them up to my mouth.
Professor Gideon sprung up from the ground, handing his bag to Himes. “Yes, Princess. It means that Alacrya has, in their arsenal, the ability to build ships capable of carrying whole battalions across the ocean to Dicathen.”





Chapter 128
Chapter 128: Necessary Resolve</h3> <hr />
VIRION ERALITH’S POV:
“Damn it!” Glayder cursed, slamming his fists down on the long rectangular table we were currently gathered around. “And you’re absolutely sure about this, Gideon?”
“Like I said, Your Majesty, the part about the ship belonging to the Alacryan Army is merely a speculation on my part. However, I am absolutely sure that the ship we have just come from is not the Dicatheous,” the old inventor answered.
It hadn’t even been an hour since Gideon, Varay and my granddaughter had arrived to the castle. After Varay told us about the information they had found, everyone, including King and Queen Glayder, were summoned. With the arrival of the asura, Lord Aldir, and my son and his wife, who had been in negotiations with the dwarves, the meeting was hastily put into motion..
“What makes you so certain?” Glayder pestered on.
Gideon let out a harsh sigh before continuing. “Because, during the construction of the Dicatheous, I had placed markers throughout the base of the ship—kind of like a signature, if you will.”
“A signature?” my son, Alduin, echoed.
“Well, the Dicatheous was an invention that I took most pride in. I wanted future generations to know of my work,” he confessed, scratching his nose in embarrassment. “At any rate, out of all the exposed frames that I scoured in this ship, none of them had the marking. In fact, entirely different substances were used to construct the frame.”
“Damn it all!” Blaine Glayder swore once more, getting up from his seat.
“Calm yourself, Blaine,” I quipped.
“Calm myself? Did you not just hear Gideon’s words? I’m sorry but I can’t just keep calm after finding out that our enemy is capable of sending tens—no, hundreds of thousands of soldiers and mages across the ocean. It’s bad enough that we’ve been having trouble sniffing out those bastards from inside the dungeons of the Beast Glades, but—”
“Enough,” Lord Aldir asserted, silencing the human king at once. “Varay, what are your thoughts on the matter?”
“While I have no extensive knowledge on the construction of the Dicatheous, I agree with what the artificer thinks. The lack of evidence on the ship alone tells us that whoever was on the ship didn’t want anyone finding out who they were,” the lance affirmed, standing against the wall behind Priscilla Glayder.
“What do you suppose the probability is that this was a trap, or rather, a strategy on their part to get us to think that they have the technology to send ships filled with soldiers to Dicathen?” I voiced aloud to no one in particular.

“Hmm, it’s possible that might be the case.” Gideon was the one to answer as he mulled over the hypothetical scenario.
“That’s right!” Blaine came back to the table, delighted at the fact that the worst-case-scenario might not be the only future of this war. “It makes sense! If the Alacryans made us think that they had the ability to make these ships, then it would force us to split our troops!”
“That might be so, but the location where the ship had washed up makes me uncertain. If the Alacryan’s goal was really to divide our forces, it would make more sense for them to leave it somewhere along the western coast—where they would want us to think they will attack. Also, that cove, where the ship was found, is much too inconspicuous of a place to have them hope that we’ll somehow come across it. With the tide levels changing so frequently and the bedrocks constantly corroding, it’s a miracle that we were able to find the ship in the first place,” my son rebutted.
The meeting hall was quiet for a moment until Lord Aldir spoke up. “Whatever the probability might be, the question is, is it worth the risk? The Alacryan, Cynthia, was under the impression that her people were trying to amass an army over time within the depths of the Beast Glades, but it would be foolish to blindly believe that that was the only move the Vritras had planned. I have known a few from the Vritra Clan; they are intelligent and cunning adversaries. It’s unlike them to act so linear in their strategy.”
“Whatever the case, we have no choice but to prepare ourselves for a two-pronged attack,” I concluded, rubbing my temples. “Alduin, Merial, how are the discussions with the dwarves faring?”
“They’re still skeptical toward the notion of fully cooperating, but they’ve agreed to send some of their shapers to help in the fortification of the walls along the Grand Mountains,” Merial answered as she handed over a pile of papers to me.
“Good,” I nodded. “It’s a start. We’ll need as much help from their mages to reinforce the gaps that the Grand Mountains don’t cover between Sapin and the Beast Glades.
“Merial, allow me and my wife to join you in your next visit to the Kingdom of Darv. With this news, we’ll need help from the dwarves if we’re going to fortify the cities along the western coast in time. Besides, we were closer to the Greysunders than you two. Perhaps the dwarves will be more inclined to cooperate with us there.” Both Blaine and Priscilla looked uneasy as their glances flickered between my son and his wife, and at Lord Aldir, the one who had actually killed the traitorous Dwarven King and Queen.
“That sounds like a good idea. We’ll need the dwarves’ help if we’re going to win this war. I think they’ll be more apt to help us after they find out our enemies have the capability of sending thousands of soldiers across the ocean,” I voiced. “Now, if everyone will excuse me, I’m going to get some rest for the first time in a few days.”
I dipped my head at Lord Aldir and dismissed everyone else with a wave. Walking out of the meeting hall, I let out a deep breath. Despite the two years that Lord Aldir had been here, it was still stifling being near the asura.
He had done much to prepare us for the war, and had been tactical in his approach. He barely showed himself at meetings, often teaching me one-on-one so that I could be the one to head the war. With his insight on both large-scale and small-scale battle tactics, we’ve been doing a good job keeping the fights away from the general public. However, if Gideon’s speculations are true, then it won’t be long until everyone, soldier or not, would be involved one way or another.
“Commander Virion,” a soft voice came from behind.
I turned around to see Varay walking toward me, her expression full of concern.
“Commander, allow me to apologize for allowing Princess Tessia to come along. I know that your exact orders were for me to keep her away from danger but—”
“Varay, it’s fine.” I held up my hand to stop her. “I know how she can be, and to tell you the truth, I’ve been expecting something like this to happen from her. Now, off you go; Little Princess Glayder must be waiting for you.”
The lance’s face still showed traces of concern and guilt, but with another wave, she lowered her head in a bow and went off in the direction of the training grounds.
Taking a left down the long corridor, I stopped in front of a particular oakwood door. Taking another breath, I held my hand up in a fist and knocked thrice.
“Who is it?” the muffled voice of my granddaughter called out from inside.

I cleared my throat. “It’s your grandfather.”
“I want to be alone,” she replied instantly.
“Come now,” I sighed. “Don’t say that.”

There was only silence at first, but after a few seconds, I heard the faint sounds of approaching footsteps. The reinforced wooden door opened just a crack as my granddaughter’s eyes peeked through from the other side.
“Are you going to scold me for going to the ship with Varay?” she asked, her mouth hidden behind the door.
“No, I’m not.”
The child regarded me silently, her brow raised in suspicion. “Because I was the one that forced her to take me.”
I nodded. “Yes, I figured as much.”
“And I’m not going to apologize for that,” my granddaughter pressed on as she tried to hold her stern gaze.
“I’m sure you won’t.”
“W-Well good.” Her expression faltered as she looked confused.
I took a step back from the door. “Now, will you take a walk with your grandfather?”
I waited for my granddaughter as she closed the door and timidly trailed behind me like a shadow.
“This way.” I gestured with my head. “There’s something I want to show you.”
We walked down the corridor in silence as I hummed a small tune.
“Hey, that’s the lullaby that Father used to sing to me,” my granddaughter exclaimed.

“Well who do you think taught it to him?” I chuckled. “My mother, your great grandmother, used to sing it to me when I couldn’t sleep at night. I sang it to your father whenever he was too scared to go to sleep. But don’t tell him I told you this.”
The child giggled as she nodded. “Where are we going anyways, Grandpa?”
“You’ll see soon enough, Child.” We took another turn and descended a flight of spiral stairs, stopping in front of a set of doors large enough to easily admit giants.
Placing a palm in the center of the door, I released a wave of mana. The locks and mechanisms that kept the room secure clicked in rapid succession as scores of intricate patterns unravelled themselves into place. As the sounds receded, the door slid open to reveal a large earthen field surrounded by mana-enhanced metal. Off to the side was another door that was the same material as the wall around it.
“We’re almost here,” I said, pointing to the door.
“I’ve never been inside here before. What’s this room for?” my granddaughter asked as she looked around.
“This is the place where the lances, guild leaders, and I get trained by Lord Aldir. The asura set it up himself so that it could withstand even the attacks of white-core mages; of course, that is only Lord Aldir is here with us to activate it. But before you go on exploring, there is something you need to see.” I pushed open the door to the room inside the isolated training arena.
The inside of the room had nothing but a few chairs, a drawing board, and an empty screen with a visual recording artifact in front of it.
“Take a seat, Ch—” I stopped myself as I stood next to the artifact. “Take a seat, Tessia.”
My granddaughter planted herself in the chair in front of me, facing the white screen. She looked at me with uncertain eyes and for a second, I just wanted take her back to her room where she’d be safe.
Letting out a deep breath, I turned on the visual recording artifact. A bright light shot out from the front and onto the screen, projecting a moving picture recorded from the battlefield.
“This, Tessia, is what the war is like.” I moved out of the way and let her watch.
It was a particularly brutal battle in the depths of a dungeon where the Alacryan soldiers had been setting camp. There had been hundreds of mages and warriors that had been waiting for further orders. Our men had little idea of what they would be walking into while the Alacryan side had already received warning from their scouts that enemies would soon arrive.
I could see the horror in my granddaughter’s eyes, watching with jaw slack as the massacre went on. Our side had lost over fifty in the first few seconds but even after we had recuperated, the battle was bloody and intense. Fresh corpses lay sprawled all over the ground as mages and warriors alike continued to shoot and at each other. Even without the sound, I could clearly imagine the screams from the injured and dying.
The video ended abruptly as the mage holding the artifact had been killed in that moment. There was a moment of silence as both my granddaughter and I mulled over the images on the screen.
“This was a real life recording from a battle just five days ago. We lost two hundred men and twenty mages in that battle alone out of the four hundred we sent down into that dungeon. I was the one who had given them the order to go down, and it’s on my shoulders that they’re all dead.” I locked eyes with my granddaughter, my gaze cold and unyielding.
“The war has only just begun, but I have already done things—made choices—that I will never forgive myself for. As your grandfather, this is what I want to keep you away from,” I said, pointing to the screen. “It is my selfishness as your grandfather that I want to keep you safe and away from harm, regardless of how much of an asset you may be in battle.”
Tess lowered her gaze. “Grandpa...”
“Tessia. You are, no doubt, a tremendously talented mage and, with the training that you’ve undergone these past two years, would be a force to be reckoned with in the war. But no matter how powerful you are in a war, you are only one person. All it takes is one mistake, one small blunder. That is why I’ve forbidden you to take part in any of the battles... until now.”
“Until now?” My granddaughter looked up. I couldn’t help but just stare at her tiny face. It felt like just a week ago that she was still sitting on my lap, chirping “grandpa” with her hands held high.
“Tessia. Even after seeing just a glimpse of what you will have to endure, do you still want to be a part of the battle?” I asked, walking over to the back of the room.
My granddaughter’s expression hardened as she stood up. “Yes.”
Picking up two dulled training swords from the rack, I tossed one to her. “Then prove your resolve.”





Chapter 129
Chapter 129: Concealed Burdens</h3> <hr />
“So you understand the rules of this battle?” I confirmed, gripping the edgeless sword in my right hand.
“Grandpa...” My granddaughter’s eyes softened as she hesitated. However, from my unrelenting expression, she hardened herself, raising her sword. “I understand.”
I nodded approvingly. “Integrate.”
My body burned with untamed excitement as I released the second form of my beast’s will. As my skin and even my clothes darkened, wrapped in a veil of shadow, I took a step toward Tessia.
With my heightened senses, I could hear the quickening pace of my granddaughter’s heartbeat as she waited for me to make a move.
As far as I was concerned, the battle had already begun.
Closing the gap between us, I thrust the pommel of my sword into Tessia’s stomach. Lurching forward in response, I could tell from the force of impact that she had taken a step back in time to decrease the strength of the blow.
Putting distance between us, any trace of uncertainty had been wiped clean off the child’s face as her eyes now regarded me as an opponent.
“Good,” I let out a growl as I slowly circled around her. Tessia’s heartbeat steadied as she prepared herself.
“Acquire,” she muttered as a thin layer of emerald green enveloped her like a second skin. The aura around her then exploded out from under her feet, spreading through the grass.
I jumped back in time to avoid a root as thick a tree that erupted from the ground beneath me. The entire ground affected by the aura soon became a web of dense vines that spread around the child like snakes protecting their master.
Tessia was already advancing towards me, dashing atop a trail of vines that led toward me, her sword shining a brilliant green.
I couldn’t help but reveal a smile at the outright pressure her domain contained from the perspective of an opponent.

I held my sword up as I easily sidestepped another thick tendril. Using the thick roots as stepping stones, I augmented my sword in time to meet Tessia’s blade.
Our weapons clashed, producing a shriek as sparks were sent scattering into the air. Using her forward momentum, I fell back, grabbing onto her sword hand as I stamped her leading foot to stop her from regaining balance.
As she fell forward, I prepared to twist her into a throw when a thin vine wrapped itself around the child’s waist, preventing her fall.
Using the vine to keep herself afloat, Tessia lashed out with both her feet to send me flying back.
Blocking her kick with the flat of my blade, I was unable to contain my excitement, exclaiming, “Haha! Your control over your beast will has gotten much better!” If it was anyone else, I’d be impressed if they had managed to defend against her unorthodox counter.
Releasing more mana out into my limbs, I flashed toward Tessia, avoiding the barrage of tendrils meant to protect their master.
We exchanged blows on top of the ever-changing terrain of roots that wriggled and convulsed at my granddaughter’s beckoning. Tessia moved gracefully atop the vines, easily using them as platforms to maneuver in all directions. Her movement and swordplay utilizing both her beast will and wind attribute spells resembled an elegant dance in the air, as if every step, swing, and lunge she executed had been choreographed. I couldn’t be more proud of my granddaughter, who had matured so much as a mage—she had come far, that much was certain However, letting her win too easily would only make her complacent.
Her domain transformed the surrounding area to her advantage. However, if her opponent was as quick and agile enough as I was, he’d be able to take advantage of the vines as well, and use them as a route to get to Tessia. My fighting style especially, which consisted of erratic movement to utilize the full potential of the shadow panther’s innate stealth, excelled in this environment.
Soon, both the tendrils and Tessia were having a hard time keeping up with my movements as I constantly flitted atop the wave of vines that my granddaughter had conjured.
The child was nearly in range of my sword and she had lost track of me, but just as I stretched my arm out to swing, she sunk into the depths of the vines below us. As Tessia disappeared inside, the countless tendrils beneath me began congregating to one spot.
I quickly hopped away as the green tendrils gathered to form a protective sphere around what I assumed was Tessia.
For a second, I was afraid that she had lost control again like last time. But as the shell of vines burst apart, I could whistle in admiration at the sight of my granddaughter.
“You did it!” I exclaimed, my voice coming out much huskier than normal because of the integration.
“Hehe!” My granddaughter pointed her sword at me with a wide grin on her face. “Be careful, Grandpa!”
Her body, now covered in a thick, emerald aura, coiled around her. Tessia’s fair skin had lightened to a pale, ivory tone while her hair and even eyebrows had changed to a forest green shade. The child’s turquoise eyes shined brighter, with intricate markings spreading around her eyes making her seem...otherworldly—celestial, almost.
As she launched herself toward me, the translucent aura surrounding her already began lashing out attacks. While Tessia’s pressure didn’t contain the same bloodlust Arthur or other experienced mages and warriors had, it was still a shocking improvement to her previous, lackluster aura.

I had already known that Tessia’s beast will was much more powerful than mine and that, in direct combat, my beast’s will had the disadvantage. However, I couldn’t resist the urge to go head to head with my granddaughter at her strongest—she, who had been training so relentlessly these past two years to not become a burden to anyone close to her.
Tessia had no use for the training sword as the translucent green aura surrounding her molded itself into two emerald blades in her hands. As she spun into a flurry of slashes with her dual mana swords, I couldn’t help but become overwhelmed by the never-ending whirlwind of attacks. She hacked and twirled relentlessly, sometimes looking for openings, other times making them. Tessia wasn’t a master in the art of dual-wielding, but the openings she had, her aura would defend. It wasn’t just the two blades in her hands that were her weapons—she was able to mold her aura into almost whatever shape she saw fit.
Just when I thought I had found an opening, the aura enveloping her would mold into another weapon to block my attack as Tessia continued her bombardment.

Fresh nicks and cuts emerged from my body, splashing drops of blood on the grass around me as I avoided with all my wit, wondering why I had been stupid enough to think that taking her head on would be a good idea. What put me at unease was that it seemed like the child was incurring damage as well; blotches of red had spread from underneath the tight-fitting blouse she wore for fighting.
However, I soon noticed that the emerald aura covering her had become thinner and more transparent. The glowing runes embellishing the child’s face receded as her face crumpled in a painful cringe.
As her movements dulled and her attacks slowed, I grabbed her by the arm and buckled her legs from behind her knee, gently bringing her to the ground as the rest of her beast will aura dissipated.
“I-I...lost. I couldn’t do it, Grandpa. I couldn’t even land a clean hit after all of that,” she panted, gasping for breath. As my granddaughter lay sprawled out on the field of grass covered in cuts and bruises acquired, not from me, but from the intensity of her beast’s will, I couldn’t help but imagine her out in the battlefield; the state she would be reduced to in battle where her opponent had no intention of looking out for her well-being.
Getting rid of such poisonous thoughts, I sat down beside her.
I studied the child’s face silently for a moment, but with a resignated sigh, I shook my head. “Out on the battlefield, you are to address me as Commander, not Grandpa.”
Tessia’s eyes lit up brighter than when she had released her integration phase. “Does that mean...? Th-Thank—”
“But!” I interrupted. “I have a few conditions.”
“Okay,” she replied, her gaze firm.
“You must still get both your mother and father’s consent. You must also keep in mind the gravity of who you are. Whoever is leading your team or battalion will definitely mention it, but it is up to you to not become a liability. If your teammates are under the impression that you cannot take care of yourself, I will have you rescinded from the fight immediately because the ones around you will be too concerned for your safety to act effectively in battle. Is that clear?”
“Yes!” Tessia nodded feverishly.

“Oh, and also. Try not to be caught in a situation where you need to use your second phase. I’m not sure if it’s because you haven’t fully learned to control it, but that form makes you too reckless,” I added, thinking to when she had attacked me madly, relying solely on her beast will to defend her.
“Master Indrath told me that too. He said that the beast will that I had assimilated with is different, although he couldn’t really put a finger on why,” the child admitted.
As we both got up and headed back out of the training room, I stopped her to say one last thing. “Child. From here on out, I can no longer be your grandfather. The actions I had taken and the decisions I had made concerning you have always been for your safety and happiness. However, now that you are a soldier, I must treat you like one. Whether it is me directly giving you an order, or another person in charge of the team you are in, you must keep in mind that the orders given will not place your safety above all of Dicathen. This is my final warning to you.”
My granddaughter looked at me, studying the pained expression I had on my face, then buried her face into my chest into an embrace. “It’s okay Grand—I mean, Commander. Dicathen is my home and I will do whatever it takes to protect it and the people I love.”
“Yes, I know,” I mumbled. “That is what I am afraid of.”
After shooing her away, I remained in the training grounds for a bit longer before heading to a different room on a lower floor.
Approaching the isolated room down on the lower level beneath the basement of the castle, the sharp smell of various medicinal herbs filled my nose.
I opened the door at the very end of the narrow corridor.
“C-Commander Virion! My apologies, I was not expecting anyone to visit,” the middle-aged nurse said as she frantically scrambled out of her chair.
“No need to apologize, Anna; I came here on a whim. How is she?” I asked, lowering my gaze to the woman lying unconscious in bed.
“I just finished administering the necessary supplements to keep her body healthy. Physically speaking, she is in great shape, but no matter what we try, we can’t get her to wake up,” Anna sighed, placing a hand gently on Cynthia’s arm.
“So same as always?” I let out a faint smile. “Anna, do you mind giving me some time alone with her?”
“Of course! I mean—not at all! I’ll get out of your hair. Take your time!” she answered, hurriedly heading towards the door as she picked up some trash on the way out.
Slumping down on the wooden chair beside the bed, I closed my eyes. This wasn’t the first or second time I had come here. It seemed like, these days, I came to this room whenever I wanted some time alone or wanted to get away from the suffocating pressure the war continued to afflict on me.
“My old friend. How goes your slumber? I’m not sure you knew this but I think the Alacryan Army is capable of building steamships and is most likely using them to transport tens of thousands of soldiers. I’m sure you didn’t know. After all, you were already here when the Dicatheous began construction,” I sighed, staring blankly at Cynthia’s peaceful face.
“You know, I just gave permission to Tessia to start fighting in real battles. Can you believe it?” I laughed aloud. “I’m sure you’d be pretty surprised by that choice if you were awake right now. But... I was afraid. I knew how much she wanted to make a difference and be a part of the fight, and I know how stubborn she is. I was afraid that she’d run away and go off to fight, even without my consent. I just thought that if she was going to actually take part in this war, it should at least be under supervision.”
I leaned forward, resting my elbows on my knees. “That’s probably a lie. I think, more than that, I just didn’t want her to keep hating me. Pft! And I just told her that I’m going to treat her as a soldier, not my granddaughter. What a load of bullcrap, right?” I scoffed, shaking my head.
“But still, It’s hard, Cynthia—doing all of this, I mean. I stepped down as king because I wanted to avoid doing what I’m doing right now. And what I’m doing right now is on a much bigger scale. I have an asura making sure I am fit emotionally, mentally, and physically to lead this war while all of the lances and guild leaders answer to my beck and call. Is it pathetic of me to want nothing more than to sit in my garden, watching my granddaughter grow up peacefully? What sort of cruel joke is it to send my own granddaughter to battle?
“Alduin and his wife, Blaine and Priscilla...they’re all doing what they can to help, but in the end, they turn to me for orders now that Lord Aldir has condemned me as the only fit leader.” I let out another deep, trembling breath as I ran my hands down the length of my face. “Cynthia, I’ve already lived a few dozen years longer than my wife. I don’t want to live longer than my child and grandchild. I don’t think I can take it.”
I reached my hand out toward Cynthia, afraid that she might crumble at my touch. Finally, I gathered the courage to finally place my hand on top of hers. “I never apologized to you. Even after Lord Aldir removed the curse on you, I had the feeling that something was wrong. You knew, didn’t you? You knew that it wasn’t fully removed and that you might die if you revealed information about Alacrya, about the Vritra, right? I think I sensed that fact as well, back then. But I didn’t stop you. For a chance to gain the higher ground in this war, I allowed you to succumb to this state...” I stopped talking, trying to keep my voice steady. “And I’m sorry for that. I shouldn’t have let you do that to yourself. There might be people that shun you for being a spy, but I would never. You chose to go stand up to your own people to help ours. Making that choice makes you stronger than anyone else here.”
I rose from the chair, quickly rubbing my eyes with the ends of my sleeves before heading out. Turning back, I took one last glance at my old friend. “The true war is going to start soon. I won’t be able to come back down here for a while, my friend, but I promise you that after this war is over, I will do whatever it takes to wake you back up.”





Chapter 130
Chapter 130: From Princess to Soldier</h3> <hr />
TESSIA ERALITH’S POV:
“Darvus, switch positions with Stannard!” I swung my blade, creating an arc of wind that knocked away the armored gnoll—a nasty mana beast that was more like a bipedal, rabid dog—that had tried to catch me off guard.
“Careful, Leader! If you die on us, your grandfather will murder us all!” Darvus warned, a wide grin visible underneath his dented helmet.
“Bite me!” I snorted, parrying the downswing of another assault mage’s axe with my sword. “Do you want me to count all of the times I saved your ass?”
“Don’t start a battle you can’t win, Darvus!” Caria mocked as she nimbly dodged a spiked club, following up with an uppercut at a fanged orc’s jaw.
“Stannard, have you found the pack leader yet? These gnolls just keep coming out of nowhere.” Darvus twirled two hatchets before launching them at a nearby gnoll.
“Not yet,” our blonde-haired mage called out from behind.
“Hey, Leader. I’m thinking we should fall back. The numbers are too much for just our team to handle without overexerting ourselves.” Darvus unclipped his two large battle axes from his back and decapitated a large orc.
“I think you’re right. We should at least fall back into the range of our conjurers.” I thrust my thin blade underneath the seam of the armored gnoll’s breastplate. Its rabid, dog-like face contorted in pain as it crumpled to the floor.
“Those lucky wand-wavers, sitting behind the lines and firing off spells while they gossip with each other,” Darvus grumbled as he caved a sword-wielding gnoll’s chest with the blunt end of his axe.
“Hey!” Stannard exclaimed. “That’s degrading!”
Ignoring my team members’ complaints, I hopped back next to Stannard. “Stannard, I’m going to hold them down. Go all out, okay?”
“Understood,” he acknowledged. “Darvus, Caria, better get out of the way!”
Sheathing my sword, I released the first phase of my beast will to strengthen my spell. Placing my palms on the ground, I concentrated.
[Ivy Prison]
A wave of vines shot up from the ground, entangling both the large orcs and the gnolls that were coming through an opening on the far side of the cavern.
Stannard, the frail-looking mage beside me, aimed a device that looked like a narrow crossbow at the horde of mana beasts now rooted to the ground. As he inserted a small orb into the tip of his arrow-less crossbow, his pale blue eyes narrowed in concentration.
The embedded gem glowed bright red as he waited for the right timing. As soon as both Darvus and Caria had cleared out of the way, Stannard unleashed his attack.

[Propulsion Blast]
Like a cannon gone mad, a fiery blast exploded from the tip of Stannard’s device, nearly blowing the small-framed mage off his feet.
We all stared blankly at the scene in front of us; orcs and gnolls burned as the wave behind them were trapped in the wall of fire ignited by their own comrades’ bodies.
“Another new spell you mixed up?” Darvus queried, his eyes still looking at the fiery blaze just a dozen meters away.
“Yup!” Stannard replied, strapping his device across his shoulder. “The rebound is a bit painful though.”
“That’s why I’m telling you that you should train your body more with me,” Caria wagged her gloved finger at him.
“And I’m telling you that there’s no way in hell that I’d train with you, you compact package of savagery!” Stannard retorted. “I still have nightmares about that day!”
“Guys, let’s save the banter for when we’re back with the rest of the other teams. That fire won’t hold them back for long,” I cut in. With that, we headed back through the narrow corridor we had come from, making sure there weren’t any mana beasts following us.
After making our way back through the long cavern, I saw the flickering purple light that indicated the main base—the place that I’d called home for the past few months.
“I wonder what food they’ll have ready?” Darvus mused, licking his lips.
“Probably the same old mush they call ‘food.’ I swear, the cooks purposely make it as unappetizing as possible so no one will want seconds,” Stannard sighed as we drew closer to the purple light.
“Any chance that our leader, that we love and appreciate so much and also happens to be a princess, can hook her precious teammates with some real food?” Darvus asked with a twinkling look in his eyes.
“Gross!” Caria cringed beside me. “If you want to beg for favors, you’re better off covering your face while you do so.”
“Don’t hate me because I’m beautiful, shorty!” Darvus stuck his chin out so we could truly behold his rugged but sharp face. The human would be considered objectively handsome despite his unkempt appearance and self-inflating attitude.
“I’m petite! And I’m cute too! Right, Tessia?” she snapped back at him before turning to me and grabbing my arm.
“Oh please. Stannard here is what you call petite. He can pass off as a ten-year-old, after all. You, on the other hand, are just short and barbaric.” Darvus stuck out his tongue.
“Is there really a need for you to include me in your squabble!” Stannard exclaimed, offended. He was always sensitive whenever someone called him short or small.
“Guys! Who cares if we’re pretty, cute or handsome? We’re in a dungeon, covered in blood, sweat and grime. Is there really a need to look attractive down here?” I sighed as we reached the iron wall protecting the camp.
“Tch. As expected of someone who’s been blessed with true beauty. Our leader would never understand the hardships that normal girls have to go through to find a man,” Caria pouted.
“Stop it. What true beauty?” I scoffed, shaking my head.
“It’s true,” Darius agreed. “If it weren’t for the fact that you’re Commander Virion’s precious granddaughter, and the fact that you could easily beat me up, I’d have already made a move on you.”

“I can only beat you with my beast will activated,” I retorted.
“Alas, our love is still not meant to be. I prefer my women flaunty and easy,” Darvus sighed with longing.
“Gross,” Caria and I said in unison.

After knocking on the mana-enhanced iron wall, a slit opened in the middle and a pair of sharp eyes regarded us for a moment.
As the eyes landed on me, they widened. “Princess Tessia!”
“Yes, now please open the door,” I replied, looking up at the flickering purple light inside the lantern bolted to the ceiling.
The metal slit closed and the purple light changed to red, indicating to clear the way.
Just then, the dark wall split apart at the seam in the middle. The harsh grinding of metal on stone echoed off the walls of the narrow cavern until the doors opened enough to admit us one at a time.
As we stepped through the doorway, the warmth of several burning fires in earthen pits and the smell of indiscernible herbs and meat greeted us. The narrow hallway we had just come from opened up to a massive cavern with a naturally formed vaulted ceiling high above us. High up near the ceiling, large holes were dug into the walls where archers and conjurers lay inside, ready to fire at any intruders.
Artificial light from orbs lined the walls far below them to brighten the immense cavern that over a hundred soldiers and mages had set camp in. An underground stream gurgled near the side of the cavern, providing fresh water for all of the soldiers stationed here.
“Welcome back, Princess.” The sentry guarding the door bowed. I waved him off with a quick nod as my teammates followed close behind me.
After arriving at the small space where my team and I had set up camp, I went directly inside the tent Caria and I shared and gathered a new set of clothes and a towel.
Opening the flap of the tent, I could see Darvus trying to light a fire while Caria watched Stannard disassemble and clean his crossbow-like weapon. I couldn’t help but smile at how far the four of us had come in these past three months.
I still distinctly remembered when I had first been introduced to this group after gaining my grandfather’s approval to go out to battle. Darvus, fourth son of the Clarell House, was a lazy, spoiled, arrogant ass. But he was also an exceptionally talented prodigy in mana control and had the reflexes to match.
The Clarell Family had been a distinguished family for centuries, known for their unique and secretive style of augmented axemanship. Despite a history of fooling around and skipping out on training, from what Caria had told me, the wild-haired Darvus was still a far better axeman and fighter than any of his older brothers. His father, tired of his son’s lackadaisical attitude toward everything, had sent him to battle after Darvus had reached the solid-yellow core stage.
It was a nightmare in the beginning; Darvus looked down on me and considered me a liability after taking one look. Even after I had beat him down, having to resort to using my beast will, he still saw me unfit as a leader and did as he wanted. He only really cared about two things, and that was flirting with sleezy women and watching out for his childhood friend, Caria.
“Tessia? You know, you look pretty silly with just your head sticking out of the tent,” Caria said with her head tilted.
“Ah, no, I was about to get out. I’m going to take a shower,” I replied, somewhat flustered.
“Don’t be too long, Princess. The longer you wash, the more tempted I get to peek,” Darvus called out lazily, lying on his side by the fire.
“Then I’ll make sure to have you locked up every night with those old, pot-bellied men you love so much,” I threatened, carrying my clothes and towel over my shoulder.

“Can you stop with those indecent taunts?” Caria snapped as she kicked the arm that Darvus had been leaning his head on, causing the axe wielder to smash his head on the hard stone ground.
“Gah! Oww! Can we not always resort to violence, you vicious little mouse?” Darvus cried, rubbing the side of his head.
“You were asking for it,” Stannard chuckled from his seat, putting down his weapon. “Darvus, where did you put the beast cores we collected?”
“They’re over there,” he grumbled, pointing to the bag by their separate tent.
As I made my way toward the stream, I glanced over my shoulder to see Caria rubbing her childhood friend’s head, making sure he was okay. I wonder when she is going to gather the courage to confess to Darvus.
Caria Rede was just as headstrong as Darvus, if not more, but also bright and optimistic despite the harsh environment she was raised in. The Rede Family served the Clarell Family for many generations, but when Caria’s mother had failed to produce any males, Caria, the oldest of the daughters, was raised as if she was a male, trained to protect a member of the Clarell Family: Darvus.
This girl, who had the appearance of a thirteen-year-old and was actually only a few years older than me, had been the glue that held the team together. Caria was bright, cheery and sensitive of her surroundings, which served as great traits to keep Darvus and I from cutting each other’s throats. It was only after about a month or so that she confided in me that she had been helplessly in love with her perverted and lazy childhood friend. Needless to say, I was shocked at first, but I couldn’t help but empathize with her as a girl who had feelings for a boy that only saw her as a little girl that needed protecting.
Apart from her role as the mediator in our group, she truly shined in the battlefield. Even after fighting in battles for over three months, I’d yet to see anyone as agile, nimble and flexible as Caria. Her weapon was an artifact that took the appearance of a pair of gloves. However, when activated, they transformed into gauntlets reaching all the way up to her shoulders.
Going inside an open stall that had been conjured at the edge of the stream, I stripped my filthy clothes, careful not to irritate the scratches and bruises I’d gotten from this last battle. Dipping my body into the cold, flowing stream at the far end of the enclosed room, I hurriedly wiped myself with the cleansing herb I had brought. I had to constantly be moving to fight the brisk water. After washing myself and the clothes that I had fought in, I dried myself and changed into a fresh attire, keeping the towel wrapped around my head.
Arriving back to my camp, I huddled closely beside the fire, gingerly defrosting myself from the torturous shower. Darvus was nowhere to be found, most likely flirting with some of the female conjurers stationed to guard the main base. I could see Caria’s butt sticking out from our tent as she rummaged through her belongings, leaving only Stannard and myself by the fire.
“You should wash up as well. You don’t want your wounds to get infected,” I advised, facing my back toward the fire so my body could be evenly roasted.
“Ugh, I swear, fighting mana beasts is less painful than taking a bath in that near-frozen stream,” Stannard grimaced. “I guess I should, though. Let me finish up with this beast core first.”
I nodded in reply. I watched the blonde-haired boy, concentrating as he chanted a spell while clutching firmly at a beast core we had extracted from one of the gnolls.
Stannard Berwick, the last member of our team, had left a very distinct impression after his assessment. Professor Gideon was actually the one that had introduced him to my grandfather. When the dainty-looking boy that appeared no older than Caria stepped down at the training field, all three of us had our concerns. He was a dark-yellow stage conjurer at the time, and had a dual affinity for fire and wind. This was good and all, but Stannard also had a deficiency in his mana core that prevented him from storing the usual amount of mana a yellow stage mage normally would’ve been able to.
At first, I thought that having Stannard in the backlines like the other “wand wavers,” as Darvus called them, would’ve been better because his condition. However, Gideon guaranteed that the boy would be useful to have as a teammate on the frontline. As it turned out, Stannard was a very peculiar type of deviant. His unique ability allowed him to somehow store actual spells into beast cores. However, he was the only one who could activate this prepared spell, otherwise, we’d all be carrying bags of loaded beast cores.
Seeing Darvus approaching our camp, I called out to him. “The ever-so-sexy-and-suave Darvus from the Clarell Family couldn’t get a date tonight?”
“Haha, the sheltered elf princess is getting better at sarcasm,” he snorted. “And it’s not that I couldn’t but because there were no girls worthy of myself.”
“You know, you’re only hurting her by doing this,” I sighed, pointing to Caria, who was still inside the tent.
“Why would she care what I do with women?” Darvus asked, his brow raised in confusion.
I shook my head. “Never mind, you dolt.”
Caria came out of the tent at that moment with dried fruit and meat in her arms. “I finally found where I hid these!”
Darvus let out an eager gasp as he eyed the food. “Why would you hide these?”
“So that our ever-so-sexy-and-suave teammate doesn’t inhale it all at once,” Stannard chimed, putting down the beast core he had just finished.
“Not you too,” Darvus groaned.
As we all laughed, a familiar voice called out to me from behind. “Princess!”
Turning around I couldn’t help but smile at the unexpected surprise. “Helen?”





Chapter 131
Chapter 131: Reunion</h3> <hr />
Seeing the familiar face of Helen Shard, leader of the Twin Horns that Art’s father had once led, I excitedly waved at her and the rest of the Twin Horns behind her. “Hi Guys!”
I gave the leader of the Twin Horns a large hug before greeting the rest of her party.
“Guys, I’d like you to meet Helen Shard, Durden Walker, Jasmine Flamesworth, Adam Krensh and Angela Rose of the Twin Horns. I’ve told you about them before, right?” I pointed at my teammates, introducing them as well. “This here is Caria Rede, Darvus Clarell, and Stannard Berwick.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Madam.” Darvus rushed over to shake hands with Angela, the Twin Horn’s conjurer. “Darvus Clarell, fourth son of Darius Clarell, and I must say that you are a sight for these sore eyes of mine.”
“Ugh, typical,” Caria whispered. He goes straight to the one with the large...” She didn’t finish her sentence as she merely cupped the space in front of her chest exaggeratingly.
I looked down at my own breasts. I had never really cared about my figure, but looking at the two boys practically drooling over Angela’s womanly figure, I couldn’t help but wonder if even Art preferred...
“How long have you been here, Princess?” Helen’s voice snapped me back to reality.
“Huh? Oh, we’ve been here for about three months now, I think,” I replied. “And please, just call me Tessia.
“Sorry. We’ve only met a few times and they were all brief so I thought it’d be rude,” she chuckled.
“Did you just get here?” I asked, my eyes shifting toward the sight of both Stannard and Darvus trying to flirt with Angela.
“This afternoon. We were at The Wall for about four months before our party was sent here to help out with the scouting,” she explained as I motioned for her to have a seat beside me around our crackling fire.
The Wall was what everyone called the stretch of forts built along the the Grand Mountains to make sure the battle didn’t reach the other side. While I knew that the Alacryan forces might be invading from the western coast, Grandpa told everyone, including myself, to explicitly keep it a secret until proper preparations had been made.
Fortunately, communications with the dwarves had been going well over these past few months and they’ve agreed to let the humans and elves take shelter in their underground kingdom if needed.
No one was hoping it would get to that stage, especially the elves, because the distance between the Kingdom of Darv and Kingdom of Elenoir made it so only teleportations could be used. For now, many of the tribes along the southern half of Elenoir had migrated across the Elshire Forest and Grand Mountains near the central cities of Sapin. For now, Grampa’s, as well as the rest of the Council’s, plan was to get as many civilians as possible out of the western coast and away from the Beast Glades.
“What is it like fighting along the Wall, Helen?” I asked, curious about where a lot of the main fighting occurred. “Have you actually fought against Alacryan mages?”
“Yes,” she answered grimly. “The Alacryan forces are strong. Out at the Wall, it’s not just the Alacryan soldiers that we have to fight against but the mana beasts that they somehow put under their control as well.”
“I see.” I looked at my sword, dissatisfied that the only fighting I’ve done ever since I had joined the war was against the mana beasts under the control of the Alacryan forces.

Noticing the look on my face, Helen added, “But the battles going on here are just as important, maybe even more—trust me. The more mana beasts we kill here, the less there are up at the surface. And if we find and kill a mutant, the Alacryan forces lose hundreds of puppets fighting for them.”
I nodded silently in reply. I knew that winning the fights down here were crucial to this war. The main task of the soldiers gathered here were to find the mutant in the depths of the dungeon. Mutants were mana beasts, mostly leaders of their own dungeon, that were controlled by the Alacryans. They used the mutant to control the hundreds of mana beasts that served it. As long as these mutants existed, mana beasts of their species followed them, fighting alongside the Alacryan soldiers.
There were dozens of squads out there, deep inside various dungeons, trying to find and kill the mutants before they gathered enough mana beasts and advanced toward the Wall.
Usually, there wouldn’t be this many soldiers inside one dungeon, but one of our scouts had found signs that a S class mana beast had been turned into a mutant.
“Anyway. Because the mutant hiding inside here is supposedly a S class mana beast, your grandfather had sent more mages here, which is why we’re here,” the large man named Durden chimed in, overhearing our conversation.
“Thank the heavens for that. And for dear grandfather for bringing such a fair angel into my arms,” Darvus added, inching an arm across Angela’s back.
Angela just giggled, regarding Darvus as a cute puppy, as Caria smacked Darvus upside the head and dragged him away where he could keep his hands to himself.
Stannard, who had been ridiculed by Angela when she cooed and pet his head like some pet, moved next to Durden, fiddling with his crossbow-like weapon with a scowl on his face.
“Tell me more about the fights happening in front of the Wall, Helen.” I turned back to the leader of the Twin Horns.
“Look, Princess,” Adam Krensh spat. “Fights that happen at the Wall aren’t bedtime stories that your nanny reads to you inside your fancy canopy bed. It’s war! People die—on both sides.”
The spear wielder with a head of red hair that looked like the burning fire we were huddled around glared at me as if he was scolding a child. I was about to say something when Durden got in between us. “You can’t take Adam’s words to heart or we’d have all killed him more than once in his sleep.”
Unknowingly, I was already standing up as Durden intervened. His words quelled my anger enough for me to sit back down, but I was still glaring at the lanky emberhead. Arthur had mentioned how Adam could be when he described the Twin Horns, but I didn’t realize how much of an understatement his words were.
“Adam, go set up our tents around one of the empty fire pits,” Helen ordered with a surprising amount of authority in her voice that wasn’t there when she was talking to me. “Angela, can you go help him out?”
With a cheery salute, she herded the grumbling Adam away from our camp, leaving only Helen, Durden and Jasmine—who had been silent since they had first arrived.
“Adam, despite how his words came out from that defective muscle he calls a tongue, only said that because he didn’t want you to know,” Helen sighed. “You think you’re over here fighting beasts, but in actuality, the Alacryan soldiers are much more monstrous than any mana beasts here. At least the creatures you battle here fight for survival and instinct. They fight to kill, and to some extent, that’s mercy.”
“What do you mean by that?” Stannard asked, his face pryed away from the weapon he had been cleaning once again.
There was hesitation on Helen’s face as she tried her best to sugarcoat whatever she was about to say until Jasmine had stepped up and explained for her.
“Information is the most important in a war,” she said evenly. “Both sides, they’re trying to get information out of each other. That means kidnapping... torturing.”
We were all silent for a moment as even Darvus’ usually aloof expression had hardened.
“Battles here are black and white—beasts are bad, you are good. When you’re fighting other humans, elves and dwarves that can all talk, scream in pain and beg for mercy... things become more gray and it becomes hard to distinguish what is right and wrong,” Jasmine continued, her face a stone mask despite the horrors she was describing.

The once lively atmosphere of a reunion had turned tense as I exchanged glances with my teammates.
Suddenly, a series of loud smashes made us all turn our heads toward one of the gated entrances that led deeper into the dungeon.
“Please, hurry let me in!” A muffled voice yelled from behind one of the doors. The sentry in charge of that entrance quickly verified the man’s identity before unbolting the door and hauling it open.

The entire cavern was deathly quiet as everyone stationed inside or resting after an excursion was standing up, their hands gripping their weapons and their gazes focused on the entrance.
As the two heavy doors slid apart, the man that had shouted from the other side fell through, laying unconcious.
“Does this happen often?” Helen asked, her bow ready in hand as her other hand was already at her quiver.
“No, it doesn’t,” I answered, my hand leaning on the pommel of my sword.
The sentry immediately pulled the scout inside before closing the doors.
“Get me a medic!” the sentry roared, hoisting the bloody scout on his shoulders. There weren’t any emitters stationed here since most were at the Wall, healing the wounded there. However, there were always a few people well-adept at medical treatment.
“Do you want to see what that’s all about?” Stannard glanced up at me.
“Do we have the clearance to go inside?” Helen asked, her neck stretched out to see.
“Being a princess is a kind of clearance, right?” Darvus shrugged, eager to know what had happened.
Letting out a sigh, I motioned them to follow. “Not everyone, though.”
Eventually, Helen and Stannard volunteered themselves to come with me. Arriving at the white canopy tent at the opposite wall of the entrances and closest to the exit back to the surface, two guards stopped us from going inside before recognizing who I was.
“P-Princess. What brings you here? Are you injured?” The slightly larger of the two armored guards asked, dipping his head to get a better look at me.
“No. I know the scout that just arrived and I’m worried about him. Do you mind letting us through?” I lied, giving him a solemn smile.
The two guards exchanged hesitant glances, but eventually they opened the removable tarp that served as the entrance.
I’d expected a lot more noise to be going on inside, especially from the shocking entrance of the scout, but the tent was empty except for the medic inside, her assistant, the leader of our expedition and the scout—who was still unconscious in bed.

At our arrival inside, the assistant and the leader of the expedition, a rather barrel-chested augmenter named Drogo Lambert, stood up from their seats.
“Princess? What happened? Are you injured?” Drogo asked, worry, etched on his face. His face turned to Stannard, then Helen before his face lit up. “Helen Shard?”
“Nice seeing you, Drogo, or I guess I should call you leader, right?” Helen stepped up and shook hands with the bulking man, whose armor seemed to contain his muscles rather than protect them.
“Haha, please, you’re more than fit to take my place and more,” his smile faded as he regarded us in wonder. “So what brings you two here? Is everything okay?”
“Don’t worry, Leader, everything’s fine.” I nodded.
“The princess here is probably curious about what news our little slumbering prince brought to us, right?” the medic, an elderly woman with a hunch and a naturally scowling face to match, confirmed.
“Haha, I can’t hide anything from you, Elder Albreda.” I scratched my head.
“Bah! Does this poor excuse of a treatment center look like a gossip wing to you?” she grumbled as she organized a shelf full of herbs and plants.
“Of course not,” Helen chimed in. “But I was brought here with my team to help out in finding the S class beast that was turned to a mutant and send updates to my superiors back at the Wall periodically. I thought I’d find out fastest what was going on by talking to this guy.” Helen pointed to the unconscious man lying in bed with her eyes.
“Right. You’d be right in thinking that, but unfortunately he hasn’t woken up yet,” Drogo sighed, looking over his shoulder to the scout sleeping peacefully.
Stannard carefully approached the man. “What happened to him?”
“Dehydration and massive fatigue. The lad isn’t injured but it seemed like he hasn’t had anything to eat or drink for a few days and by the state of his feet, I’d say he’s been running nonstop for who knows how long.” Elder Albreda lifted the sheets to reveal the scout’s bandaged feet, splotches of red already seeping through the gauze.
“I see,” Helen responded. “Drogo, can you let us know as soon as he gets up?”
“Sure.” The leader of this dungeon expedition nodded.
As we were about to leave the tent, however, a sharp gasp made us turn back around. The scout had gotten up with a series of dry coughs.
“H-How long have I been out?” the scout sputtered in between fits.
“Calm down, soldier. One of the sentries recognized you; your name is Sayer, right?” Drogo had his arm behind Sayer’s back, supporting the scout.
“Yes, Sir,” he answered before greedily gulping down the cup of water the assistant had just handed him.
“Well, Sayer, it’s been only about ten minutes or so since you’d come back. What happened? Where is the rest of your team?” our expedition leader questioned.
“Dead, Sir. I had stayed behind...” the scout named Sayer hesitated. “I had a disagreement with my teammates so I had stayed behind.”
“Disagreement?” Drogo repeated.
“I felt terrible for letting my teammates go deeper by themselves so I trailed behind them almost immediately after they had left!” Sayer added, guilt practically etched on his forehead. “But they’d unknowingly walked into an ambush of gnolls far deadlier than the ones up here, Sir.”
Everyone in the tent was silent as we processed Sayer’s words.
“There must’ve been hundreds of them, Sir. A-And there was this large door behind them. As though they were protecting whatever was on the other side!” the scout stammered, taking another large gulp of water before continuing.
“I think we found it, Sir. I think we found the mutant’s den!”





Chapter 132
Chapter 132: Drawing Closer


STANNARD BERWICK’S POV:
My stomach lurched at the scout’s foreboding words.
This is it, I thought. This was what we were down here for. After this was over, I would be able to go back home for a bit and sleep in a real bed, eat a seasoned meal cooked for taste, not for sustenance. Yet why was I so afraid?
“Leader, I was able to do it.” The scout let out another pained breath. “I managed to set up the mass-teleportation gate near the entrance.”
“You did good, Sayer.” The leader, Dresh, squeezed the scout’s arm before heading out of the tent.
“Come on, we should prepare as well,” the woman named Helen Shard advised, following behind.
Tessia nodded firmly in response, motioning for me to follow. But I couldn’t.
My legs felt like they were anchored to the ground, as if my very body protested against the fact that following them might just lead to my death.
“Stannard? You okay?” Our team’s leader tilted her head, locking eyes with me as she lifted the tent flap.
“Yeah, I-I’m fine.” I said this more to convince myself than anything else.
We arrived back at our team’s campsite where Tessia relayed the scout’s news.
“Finally!” Darvus groaned in relief. “I can take a hot bath after all of this is over.”
“Can you at least try to say things a spoiled child wouldn’t?” Caria shook her head as she headed over to her tent.
“What? Everyone’s thinking it anyway, right?” Darvus turned to me. “Tell her, Stannard. You’re just itching for a hot bath after this, right?”

“Uh, yeah. Sure,” I replied blankly as I sat down with my mana launcher in my hands.
“Something wrong, Stan?” Darvus asked, raising a brow.
Letting out an annoyed sigh, I replied, “No, I’m fine. I just want this to be over.”
It was pointless to say anything. Darvus, Caria and Tessia all were genius mages and combatants. They didn’t need to feel fear in situations like these. They wouldn’t understand.
“All right. Well, we’ll head to our camp and prepare as well. Samantha and Adam have no clue of what’s going, on after all,” the short-haired leader of the Twin Horns announced as the rest of team trailed behind.
A few minutes after the Twin Horns had left, Dresh’s voice echoed through the large cavern, alerting everyone of the scout’s message. Soon, the entire place was filled with a frenzy of movement as over a hundred soldiers scurried around to prepare themselves for the impending battle.
Beside me, Caria had already equipped her battle gear, which consisted of a light leather armor covering her vitals without hindering her mobility. She lay sprawled out beside me, stretching her limber body in ways that I would’ve normally deemed impossible if I hadn’t seen it for myself.
Darvus, sitting across from me by the fire, was juggling the smaller axes he used for throwing. The normally lax expression on the spoiled fourth son of the Clarell Family was gone, replaced by the calm and focused mask he normally had during a serious battle.
I turned to our leader, Tessia, who was actually the youngest on our team—losing to me in age by just a year—but was actually the most composed. She had already equipped herself for battle, adorning her toned and slim body in a light armor. Our leader wore a tight-fitting black leather wrap underneath a chainmail plate protecting her chest. An elegantly curved, metallic cover decorated with intricate designs of flowing branches rested on top of the shoulder of her dominant arm. Her wrist guards were of the same design as the single shoulder plate armor and the faults that protected her hips and thighs.
As Tessia tied her hair back, revealing the nape of her cream-colored neck, I couldn’t help but avert my gaze. I could feel my face growing hot as the image of Tessia’s elegant figure burned itself into my skull.
Get yourself together, Stannard. She’s out of your league! Besides, she’s in love with that Arthur guy. I shook my head as I tried to concentrate on counting the ammunition I had. We wouldn’t leave for a few more hours, which gave me some time to load more beast cores with spells.
I had about twenty-five low-damage rounds, and about eight high-damage cores. After roughly calculating, I had come to the conclusion that about five more low-damage and two more high-damage rounds should suffice.
Looking up, I observed as the mages began preparing the connection between the teleportation gates so that we would be able to arrive right where the scout had placed the artifact. As the shimmering portal enlarged, I couldn’t help but feel the weight of my body growing heavier by the second.
I had done well the past three months we’d been here. However, this was the real thing. I had fought mana beasts before all of this, but it would be the first time fighting against a mutant.
“Come on, Stannard. You should stretch too. It’ll be bad if your body suddenly cramps up while we’re in battle.”
Caria’s voice shook me out of my daze, her bright eyes looking down at me from beside the fire as she held out her hand.
A smile managed to escape my lips as I accepted her hand. “Go easy on me.”
After about two hours, the gate was ready and teams were already heading toward the gate, eager to be the first ones to go through. I gripped tightly at the handle of my mana launcher to keep my hands from trembling.
“Let’s go,” Tessia finally announced. A newfound fire burned in her eyes, determination practically leaking out of her pores.
“Aye, captain,” Darvus responded, a snarky grin on his face.

We approached the mass in front of the teleportation gate capable of transporting a few dozen at once.
“Are you guys ready?” a familiar voice chimed in from the left.
“As ready as we’ll ever be,” Tessia responded, a confident smile on her face as she locked eyes with Helen and the rest of the Twin Horns.
“Vanguard teams, brace yourselves upon arrival. We’re not certain how many mana beasts will be there on the other side,” Dresh yelled beside the portal. The teams he had specifically chosen beforehand would be the ones to lead the charge, as teams like ours would be more towards the rear, fighting any stragglers until the main battle came.

“Charge!” Dresh roared, unsheathing this longsword and taking the lead. The mass that gathered in front of the teleportation gate began dwindling as teams charged in with weapons at the ready.
Tessia, who was in front of our team, looked back at us over her shoulder. “We’ll all get out of this alive and eat a nice, delicious meal. Agreed?”
“Agreed!” we all shouted in unison as we stepped through the glowing gate.
I let out a crazed yell as I stepped through the gate in time to see an augmenter from one of the teams ahead of us get hacked down by a pair of hyena-faced gnolls.
“Grannith!” a woman beside him desperately cried out before the same pair of gnolls jumped on her.
As I quickly loaded my weapon with a low-damage core, Darvus had already sprung into action. With a powerful leap, he had cleared the distance and arrived above the gnolls that assaulted the female conjurer that had cried out for her dead comrade.
Unclipping his two short axes from his back, he brandished his weapons in the air. The air around him swirled, coalescing into his two axes as he let out a fierce battle cry.
Instantly, the two gnolls’ heads were severed clean. Blood had only splurted from the base of their necks a second after as he checked on the state of the conjurer.
“Damn it!” he swore, sending one of the decapitated bodies tumbling off with a firm kick. “She’s already dead.”
“Come on, don’t stay in one place too long. Stick together, but we need to move around,” Tessia ordered as she looked around us.
It seemed like a fair-sized group of gnolls and orcs had been waiting for us, because the few teams that preceded us were all locked in battle with mana beasts.
We were in a cavern about half the size of the main encampment. For a second, I thought we had arrived in front of the towering doors that the scout had speculated was the place where the mutant was, but peering ahead, there was only a narrow entrance to a hallway darkened by shadows.
“Stannard, to your left!” Caria’s voice called from behind.
Immediately, I whirled around, taking a step back just in time to dodge a crude head of a halberd. Raising my mana launcher in line with the orc’s chest, I fired off a low-damage beast core, burning a hole into the center of the beast’s heart.

The monster crumbled to the floor, dropping its weapon with a heavy thud. I had no time to rest as another gnoll hastily approached.
“Got it,” Caria called out mid-dash. She bolted close to the ground like a speeding cannon as both her fists were tucked closely to her chest, ready to fire.
“Hahp!” Caria exploded up at breakneck speed with the help of a small earthen platform she had raised to accelerate herself. She brought her arms over her head, as if she wanted to dive straight into the approaching gnoll—her fingers pointed like the tip of a spear.
With a resounding thud, Caria’s gauntlet pierced through the stomach of the gnoll that had been about twice her size. As the giant dog-faced monster faltered, its grotesque face crinkled in shock, I delivered the final blow with another low-damage core.
Landing deftly on her feet, Caria regained her balance, shaking the blood off of her metal gauntlets before bolting off into another direction.
An agonizing growl behind me caught my attention. Turning around, I got a glimpse of Tessia taking down a pair of orcs and a large gnoll. She was a flurry of blades as she zipped from beast to beast. Each step, each swing, had a purpose as she slashed and lunged at gnolls as if in a choreographed dance.
Every time I saw her fight, I couldn’t help but grow amazed. I had always been jealous of Darvus and Caria for their innate talents in mana manipulation and fighting prowess, but Tessia’s skill and grace was at a level where one could only revere.
“It’s about time you made yourself useful, right Stannard?” Darvus called out as he pried out a hatchet from the skull of a dead orc.
“Shut it!” I retorted with a smile. “How about we start mobbing them up?”
I took out a large beast core that radiated an orange-red glow.
“Conjurer cross-fire!” Darvus yelled out in warning to the other soldiers that would be in range as he began herding a group of orcs.
The rest of the soldiers knew what to do as some began backing out of the way while others veered their opponents toward my line of fire.
A rather large conjurer approached me and gave a meaningful nod as he raised his staff in preparation as well. Soon, a few more conjurers joined while we all readied our attacks as more and more orcs and gnolls got herded toward the center of the dim cavern.
The few strays that had managed to break away from the group were quickly hacked down by the augmenters protecting us.
Taking a deep breath, I loaded the glowing beast core into my mana launcher. Steadying the tip of my weapon at the center of the mass of gnolls and orcs guarding their cavern, I waited for the signal.
A deep, baritone voice called out from the edge of the group as a soldier hacked and pushed a stray gnoll into the cluster of beasts that had been herded. “All clear!”
The conjurers positioned around me all fired off their most powerful spells at the mass as I waited calmly for the right timing. Just as the last spell shot out at the monsters, I launched my spell.
[Hell’s Prison]
The recoil from firing the sphere of fire three times my size sent me tumbling back into the cavern wall. The burning orb of fire grew in size as it advanced towards the group of orcs trying to escape, but they couldn’t make it in time as the blaze encompassed them and the spells that the conjurers had cast.
The flaming sphere diminished to reveal the charred remains of the few dozen mana beasts that had been trapped within, sending out a wave of cheers from the rest of the soldiers. The few scattered mana beasts were easily dealt with by the augmenters, giving me a few minutes to breathe.
“Good job, you peculiar little mage.” Darvus winked at me as he helped me back on my feet. There had been around twice as many mana beasts as there were soldiers, but by the end of the battle, we had incurred less than ten deaths.
“This was an overwhelming triumph, despite the surprise attack that the army of mana beasts laid down on us,” Dresh’s firm and commanding voice echoed throughout the cavern. “Let’s not let our comrades’ deaths be in vain and continue forth!”
A fervent cheer resounded from the soldiers, including Darvus and Caria. Tess merely cleaned her blade and sheathed it back with a solemn face. Her hollow turquoise eyes followed an elf being carried back through the portal we had come through, staring intently at the jagged spear protruding out of the lifeless elf’s back.
I didn’t know whether Tessia had known that elf, but I couldn’t help but empathize with her.
Was this truly a victory if, to some people, the weight of those ten deaths mean so much more than a simple number count?





Chapter 133
Chapter 133: Beyond The Door</h3> <hr/>
From the tense and gloomy air within the cavern, it was obvious that this battle had caught all of us by surprise. We were usually all capable in battle, but these past few months of repetitive excursions—hoping to find any signs that a mutant might be close—had left us dull and sloppy.
A few teams had already regrouped and were taking a rest while the injured and deceased were sent back to be properly cared for. Some of the more restless augmenters were sharpening their blades while conjurers sat still in meditation to be in top shape for whatever lay ahead of us.
As our young leader continued surveying the battlegrounds like a zombie, I finally called out for her to join us.
“What’s wrong?” I questioned. “Are you okay, Tessia?”
Her face turned to us as she revealed a faint, and obviously forced, smile. “It’s nothing. It’s good that we won... but we still ended up letting almost ten soldiers die.”
“Our ever-so-compassionate princess exuding kindness and grace to us peasants!” Darvus cried out. “We are not worthy!”
“Zip it,” Tessia quipped, her voice coming out a lot softer than usual.
“We did our best,” Caria consoled, gently patting her back.
“She’s right, Tessia. It’s impossible to save them all,” I added. However, rather than comforting her, it seemed to have the opposite effect, as her expression dropped.
“I guess you’re right. I can’t save them all,” she repeated glumly.
“Nice going,” Darvus whispered beside me.
“Hey! It was better than your sarcastic remark,” I retorted in a hushed voice.
“At this rate, I’ll only bring him down,” Tessia continued, almost too quiet for us to hear.
“By him, do you mean that guy you’re always talking about? Arthur, was it?” Caria chimed, leaning in, eager to hear about the boy Tessia depicted as some fantastical hero out of a children’s book.
“Ugh, not him again,” Darvus groaned. “Princess, when are you going to snap out of that delusion of yours?”

Tessia calmly shook her head. “It’s not like that.”
“What do you mean?” Darvus continued. “You describe him as if he’s some all-powerful, charismatic hotshot without a single humanly flaw.”
“Oh please. You’re just jealous because Arthur is everything you wish you could be, plus better-looking,” Caria accused. She then turned back to Tessia, eyes twinkling. “Is he really that handsome and charming?”
“I guess,” Tessia giggled. “He was pretty popular in school, although I doubted he knew that.”
“I’m hating the guy more and more,” Darvus grumbled.
Tessia shook her head. “He isn’t without flaws, though. Honestly, Arthur was kind of scary when I first met him.”
“You said he saved you from the slave traders after you ran away from home, right?” Caria confirmed.
“Y-Yeah.” Tessia’s face reddened at the embarrassing memory. “He did save me, though I felt like it wasn’t really out of the goodness of his heart, but some logical scheme. Of course, I was only a child back then so I could be wrong, but Arthur had always had this scary side of him where he seemed cold—heartless, even.”
“Ooh, a bad boy,” Caria cooed.
“I’m going to barf,” Darvus gagged. “If you ask me, he doesn’t seem like that great of a guy. I mean, he left you alone in danger a few times, right? And he went off on his own after you got kidnapped by that Alacryan mage that invaded Xyrus Academy! He didn’t even make sure you were okay and went off to who knows where.”
“He checked in with Grandpa to make sure I was okay, but he was in a hurry,” Tessia reasoned, her head lowering.
“Oh right, to go ‘train’ somewhere in secret.” Darvus rolled his eyes. “If you ask me, he just ran away from the war because he was afraid he would die.”
I took a peek at Tessia’s expression, afraid that she would be mad, but our leader was calm. “You’re wrong, Darvus. Arthur may be a bit clueless when it comes to expressing or even handling emotions, and a bit naive in some other aspects”—Tessia’s cheeks blushed ever-so-slightly—“but he’s not one to run away in fear; his desire to protect his loved ones is too strong for that.”
“Yes, yes. Arthur will be the hero that saves us from the wrath of the Alacryans,” Darvus sighed, conceding from Tessia’s determined gaze.
“He can’t be that strong though, right?” I asked. I had grown more and more curious about the boy Tessia cherished to such a degree.
Our leader’s lips curled into a smirk as she gazed afar. “He’s strong.”
“Well, I can’t wait to meet him!” Caria added. “You will introduce us to him, right?”

“Yeah.” Tessia’s smile dimmed. “Hopefully that time comes soon.”
Darvus shook his head, hugging himself. “Blech. You can count me out! I feel like I already know the guy way too much. Besides, after fighting alongside me for so long, I bet the guy will only look like some second-rate mage.”
“Is there a limit to how pretentious you can be?” Caria shook her head, eliciting a chuckle from me.

We got up after noticing that the rest of the teams had gotten reorganized. After Drogo finished counting the heads of the team leaders, we departed through the dark corridor on the far end of the cavern.
As the teams began marching into the narrow hallway, they were swallowed up by the shadows. Our team went in next, and it was shocking how the atmosphere changed so drastically once we stepped foot. The air was dry, still, and somewhat sour as the only sound that echoed along these walls was the sound of footsteps.
I was barely able to discern the figures of the soldiers ahead of us, the tiny light from someone in the front bobbing in the distance. I looked back in confusion; the light from the cavern we had just come from seemed to retract from the hallway.
“This is some spooky crap,” Darvus’s hushed voice echoed from behind.
“Tell me about it,” I said. Some of the other conjurers ahead of us tried to illuminate the hallway with a spell, but whatever orb of light they conjured were soon eaten away by the darkness.
“It looks like only the illuminating artifact up in the front works in this place,” Caria said from my side.
Tessia, who was ahead of us by a few steps continued walking, unaffected by the unnatural absence of light.
As we continued walking, the light from the cavern we had come from dwindled into a speck. Everyone walked in silence or hushed whispers, paying attention to our footing and the bobbing orb of light guiding our way.
It felt like we had marched for hours when another speck of light came to view. The orange light from the illuminating artifact stopped as Drogo spoke once more.
Our expedition leader spoke in a low voice, afraid that the mana beast would pick up on our conversation despite how far away we were. “We’ll soon arrive where Sayer, our scout, and his team had arrived before his team was ambushed by mana beasts. From what he had witnessed, we are to expect at least a few hundred gnolls and orcs, some larger than the ones we had faced up until now. Prepare your bodies and hearts, and may the ones watching over us be with you.”
We broke into a steady jog, the white light growing larger as we advanced through the dark corridor. Luckily, the ground was pretty even; if anyone ahead of us tripped, it would undoubtedly create a domino reaction.
The speed of the bobbing orange light ahead of us grew faster as we began picking up the pace until, finally, the illuminating light was almost upon us.
After being in almost total darkness, my eyes had to adjust as I stepped out of the corridor. I brandished my mana launcher, ready to blow apart anything that came my way.

However, my anticipation for a battle had gone to waste as all that lay before us were bodies sprawled on the ground and an eerie stillness.
Hundreds of orc and gnoll bodies lay scattered, massacred by the hundreds. I had to look at my feet to keep myself from accidentally stepping on a severed limb or body of a dead beast as I tried to deduce what had happened here.
I looked around, somewhat comforted by the fact that everyone else was just as confused as I was.
“What in the world?” Drogo’s head wouldn’t stop turning as he scoured the cavern, his hands gripping his longsword.
“I’m not sure whether to be relieved or scared at this,” Darvus said, his brow furrowed in suspicion.
“To the door!” Drogo commanded, snapping out of his daze.
All heads turned to face the towering doors at the other end of the circular cavern. The only impressive thing about the double doors were their towering size. The metal that covered them was thick and covered with dents and scratches, making it seem ancient and threatening.
As we all headed towards what we presumed was the den of the mutant, the tension began to rise. No one spoke as we all stood around the large doors that each spanned over five meters in width. The hundred or so that were left of us took position in a semicircle around the doors, all braced to attack or defend, as ten augmenters positioned themselves to haul the entrance open.
“The door,” one of the men voiced. “It’s not fully closed.”
Everyone looked at one another, perplexed by the strange chain of events, but Drogo snapped everyone to attention with a firm stomp.
“Open it!” he ordered, lowering his stance to combat whatever lied in store on the other side.
The harsh screech of the metal doors against the stone ground echoed until they had been completely pried apart.
For a brief moment, not a single word was spoken as the entirety of the soldiers ready to fight for their lives stood frozen, jaws slack.
Atop a hill of corpses that loomed high above us sat a lone man. His arms rested on the hilt of a thin, teal sword that shined dimly beneath a layer of blood that had come from the body of the orc it had been embedded in. Scattered beneath this mountain of carcasses were more bodies of orcs and gnoll, some frozen, some burned, others simply bisected.
At first glance, the pile of corpses that the man was resting over seemed to blend together into indiscernible remains of mana beasts, but looking closer, there was a figure near the top that stood out amongst the others. With the head of a giant lion and the body of a scaled monster, it lay sprawled in a bloodied mess. Its gray body was lifeless as the unnaturally black horns that sprouted out of its head had been shattered.
There was no doubt about it. That was the S class mutant we had ventured all this way for, that we had laid down our lives for—except it was already dead.
I focused my gaze back at the man, sitting tiredly atop a throne of corpses, when he finally lifted his head.
The man wasn’t even staring directly at me, yet I could feel his domineering pressure weigh down on my very soul. Every fiber in my body screamed at me to run away as far as possible from this man. My sense of fear became magnified as the man’s azure eyes gleamed balefully from above.
This wasn’t anything like the diminutive fear I had felt back at the tent; no, this was true dread.
I knew—and most likely everyone in here knew as well—that advantage in numbers didn’t apply to someone like him.
From my side, I spotted a figure stepping forward. I almost lashed out in fear for the person’s life when I realized it was Tessia. Suddenly, the dread that had overcome me grew stronger as I hopelessly stood, frozen from the unbreakable shackles of terror, as Tessia took another step forward.
Time itself seemed to slow as our leader dropped the thin blade in her hand. A single tear rolled down Tessia’s cheek as her face contorted into a mix of different emotions.
She uttered a single word that left me more overwhelmed than the man sitting on top of the mountain of corpses. “Art?”





Chapter 134
Chapter 134: His Return</h3> <hr/>
Tessia took another step forward, less hesitant this time. “A-Arthur? Is that you?” she muttered once more, her voice getting caught in her throat.
Every one of the soldiers, augmenters and conjurers alike, had their heads turned to face our leader as she approached the man sitting atop the hill of corpses, as if in a trance.
Suddenly, the silence that had filled the cavern was broken by a bright chirp. Seeming to come out of nowhere, a streak of white shot out towards Tessia and landed in her arms.
It looked like some sort of miniature white fox.
“Sylvie!” Tessia, exclaimed, embracing the creature before looking back up.
“Y-You! State your name!” Dresh was the one to speak, his usually confident voice wavering at the sight before him.
The blue-eyed man regarded him in silence for a moment, making Dresh instinctively take a step back, before he answered. “Arthur Leywin.”
Prying his bloodied sword out of the corpse it was embedded into, he deftly leaped down the large mound of bodies, landing in front of the large doorway.
As he stepped out of the shadows, I could finally make out his full appearance that had been shrouded in darkness.
He appeared pretty young despite the aura that emanated from him. Tousled, shoulder-length auburn hair contrasted his bright eyes that seemed composed—casual, almost—even in this situation. The splatters of blood and grime that darkened his face and clothes did nothing to diminish his looks.
This man wasn’t glamorous. Nothing like the noblemen I’d seen, who carried themselves with chests puffed out and nose pointed so high up that they might as well have been looking at the sky. No, behind his nonchalant gaze and slightly curled lips was an air of sovereignty that transcended any of those peacock nobles fluttering their power like colorful plumage.”
Sheathing his teal sword into an unadorned black scabbard, he took a step toward us with his hands held up. “I’m on your side,” he said wearily.
The soldiers present all exchanged uncertain glances at one another as Tessia took another step forward.
“Arthur?” several members of the Twin Horns exclaimed as they all ran up to them.
However, Tessia remained where she was. I saw them lock eyes for a brief moment and I thought I even saw a faint smile from Arthur, but neither of them approached each other.
Tessia’s actions caught me off guard, but the way the Twin Horns acted with the guy named Arthur seemed to dissipate the tension and suspicion that had filled the cavern. However, this only brought on more questions in my head.
Assuming that really was the Arthur Leywin our leader had told us so much about, what was he doing here? How did he get here? Did he kill the S class mutant by himself?

I turned my head to Darvus and, by his furrowed brows and perplexed gaze, it seemed like he was also curious about the same things. Caria, on the other hand, had a goofy smile plastered on her face as she ogled the man surrounded by the Twin Horns—ignoring the fact that there was a giant pile of bloody and stinking corpses just behind them.
“While I hate to interrupt your reunion, there are more pressing matters at hand,” Dresh spoke aloud. “What exactly happened here? I had not been informed that anyone by the name of ‘Arthur’ would join us down here in this dungeon.”
“I’m sure no one had been informed since I arrived less than an hour ago,” Arthur replied, stepping out from the crowd of his friends that had surrounded him. “Even I was surprised to be greeted by so many mana beasts.”
“A-Are you saying that you, single-handedly, killed all of those mana beasts—including the S class mutant—behind you?” a soldier stammered.
“Do you see anyone else in there alive besides me?” Arthur tilted his head.
“That’s impossible!” another soldier yelled out. “How can a mere boy do what a whole battalion of mages had set out to do by himself?”
Arthur simply raised a brow, unaffected by the remark. “It really doesn’t matter whether you believe me or not. The fact is, the mutant that you guys were ordered to kill is now dead.”
More and more soldiers began asking questions and spouting accusations, but all were ignored by the mysterious man. He simply walked over to Dresh and extended a hand. “You seem like the leader of this expedition. Do you mind letting me stay at your camp tonight? I’m rather spent and would like a decent night’s rest before heading out.”
Dumbfounded, Dresh accepted his handshake and nodded wordlessly.
“What about all the beast cores?” a bearded conjurer blurted out, pointing at the mountain of mana beasts.
Everyone, once again, exchanged glances with one another in hopes that they would somehow find answers within someone’s eyes. Usually, the beast cores that were collected after a battle were split amongst the soldiers. Looking at the sheer number of corpses that had been stacked atop one another in that large hill of bodies, even the most humble man would drool at the potential to be gained.
“They’re all gone,” Arthur answered quietly. “Sorry, but my bond has quite a large appetite for beast cores,” he continued, pointing to the furry white fox still cleaning itself.
“Are you saying that that little thing just devoured hundreds of beast cores?” a burly augmenter retorted in disbelief as his hand gripped tightly at the handle of his sword.
“Yes,” he responded matter-of-factly.
“What about the S class mutant’s beast core? What happened to that?” Dresh asked, regaining his composure.
“I have it.” Arthur let out a sigh. “Any more questions? I’ll be happy to debrief later, but standing around answering everyone’s questions isn’t exactly the best use of our times.”
“We’ll escort him back to base, Leader,” Tessia spoke up as the members of the Twin Horns all nodded in agreement.
“Very well. For now, I want a few teams to stay behind to look for any stragglers and collect anything worth selling. The rest, we’ll go back to camp and wait for further instructions,” Dresh ordered, placating the dissatisfied soldiers.
The trip back to the main camp was almost as tense and stifling as it had been when we had first opened the dungeon doors. Caria, Darvus and I all kept silent as the sour mood of almost every soldier present weighed down on our shoulders. Even Tessia and the Twin Horns kept their conversations with Arthur down to hushed, indiscernible whispers.

Behind me, I could hear the conversations of soldiers, some glad that there was no battle, others disappointed at the fact that they would leave with no beast cores or other bounties. and some downright angry for not being able to battle a strong mana beast. However, despite the mixed feelings everyone had of the guy’s appearance, we all shared one emotion: fear.
Upon arriving back to the main camp, the guy named Arthur headed straight for the bathing stalls by the stream while Tessia and the Twin Horns followed Dresh into his personal tent.
“Well that was anticlimactic,” Darvus sighed, slumping down next to the smoldering remains of our campfire.

“I’d say that it was pretty eventful,” Caria countered. “Did you see that pile of mana beasts? And that giant mutant? I doubt that even with all of us combined, we’d come out from a fight like that unscathed.”
“Exactly!” Darvus exclaimed. “That guy, Arthur...How the hell was he able to kill them all—if he really did kill them in the first place?”
I shook my head. “What, you think the guy was sitting there, posing, waiting for us to show up to take the credit?”
“W-Well, I’m not sure about that, but I mean...it’s not natural. Tessia said he was around her age, which means he’s a bit younger than us. What kind of fiery pit did he have to grow up in to become a monster like that?” Darvus let out a sigh, looking down at the two axes he had been fumbling with in his hands. “If he really was able to singlehandedly kill all mana beasts along with that S class mutant, what are guys like us needed for?”
“Do I smell a hint of jealousy?” Caria smirked, lightly prodding Darvus with her elbow.
“You meant to say envy, Caria,” I corrected on impulse.
She turned to me. “What’s the difference?”
“Jealousy is what you feel when you worry someone will take something you possess. Envy is longing after something someone else has.” I shook my head. “You know what? Never mind; it’s not important.”
Caria just shrugged and placed a hand on her childhood friend’s shoulder. “Anyways, he’s just one person, Darvus. No matter how strong he is, it’s not like he can win the war by himself. You saw the state he was in. He wasn’t really hurt but he seemed pretty worn out!”
Darvus rolled his eyes. “Thanks. At least he was tired after wiping out an army of mana beasts and an S class mutant by himself.”
“No need to get snarky with me, Darvus. I’m just trying to help,” Caria clipped, her cheeks turning red.
“Well, don’t! I don’t need your pity. Besides, that guy isn’t natural. No point in comparing myself to a freak of nature like him.”
“I don’t know, he seems pretty normal to me,” I chimed in. “Putting his strength aside, he seemed like a decent person while he was talking to the Twin Horns.”
“Yeah, I even spotted a smile from him when he saw Tessia!” Caria added, her lips curling up as well at the thought. “Although I was expecting something more, like a passionate hug or something.”
“Please, you saw the way he talked to everyone. He was a snobby jerk,” Darvus continued, shaking his head.

“Well everyone was kind of a jerk to him,” I countered. I didn’t know why I was defending the guy, but it was times like these that Darvus really rubbed me the wrong way. Whenever a situation didn’t go his way, he always pointed fingers and made assumptions to feel better about himself.
Darvus’s eyes narrowed. “Why are you taking his side?”
“I’m not strictly taking his side”—I shook my head—“I just think it’s naive to base our impressions on the guy without even holding a conversation with him. You’ve heard how Tessia always talked about Arthur. Don’t you think we should give him the benefit of the doubt?”
“Tessia’s mind is probably clouded by her past memories of the guy,” Darvus scoffed. “You saw the tension between the two. Hey, maybe you finally have a shot with her.”
I couldn’t take it anymore. “Are you that petty? You sound like a child, bringing me into this. You’re drawing conclusions on this guy based on what, exactly?”
“G-Guys, let’s not fight,” Caria voiced, her eyes shifting from me to Darvus.
“I’m basing it off my instinct, twerp!” Darvus hissed, standing up. “Maybe that’s something you can’t do because of your deformed mana core.”
I could feel blood rushing to my head at that insult.
“Well, at least I don’t need to convince myself and everyone else that someone better than me can only be a monster just to keep his worthless pride intact!” I spat out.
Darvus’ face burned red as well as he shook in rage. Throwing the hatchet he had been white-knuckling down at the ground in front of him, whipped around and stomped to our tent and slipped inside.
“Stannard...” Caria came over to me after watching her best friend go. “Y-You know he didn’t mean that, right? Come on, you know how he gets when he’s all riled up.”
Letting out a sigh, I mustered up a faint smile toward the girl who was just a bit taller than me. “I’m fine. It’s not like it’s the first time we’ve had one of these fights. I don’t butt heads as often as Tessia does with him but that’s mainly because I just hold it in. It’s when I can’t endure it that I explode and something like this happens.”
“You’re right, though,” Caria replied after a moment of silence. “Darvus is much better than he was back then, but being the prodigious son of noble blood, he was handed everything: wealth, resources, attention, and even talent.”
“A whole lot of good that does him if he’s still an ass.” I rolled my eyes. “Look, Caria, I’m not mad at you, and I’m not even mad at what Darvus said to me. I’m just tired of his narcissistic ego that pops up no matter how much you try to shove it down.”
Caria let out a small giggle. “Tell me about it. I’ve known him more than twelve years and I bet rabid mana beasts could mature much faster than Darvus. But ever since he’s met Tessia and you, he’s gotten a lot better. That’s a fact.”
“Yeah, I know.” I nodded, already looking for a way to break the ice with my egocentric teammate.
Caria and I talked for a while longer as we sat around the fire we lit up once more. As two shadowed figures approached, we stood up.
“Hey guys,” Tessia’s voice rang. As the two got closer, I could make out our leader and the guy next to her.
“I’d like you to meet my childhood friend, Arthur,” she said, putting a hand on the man next to her. When I stood up and approached them, I couldn’t help but notice that our leader’s eyes were a bit red.
His hair still damp from his bath, Arthur dipped his head. “Stannard Berwick and Caria Rede, right? Nice to meet you guys, and thank you for taking care of my friend. I know she can be quite a handful.”
This got out a giggle from Caria as Tessia jabbed an elbow to his ribs. Seeing the two like this made me doubt the feeling I had when I first saw the guy. Without the blood covering most of his face, it was safe to say Arthur was indeed the enemy of all single males. His features were sharp, but not overly so, with a subtle charm that went beyond just the textbook standard of handsome. His reddish-brown hair was a tad long, as if he hadn’t gotten a proper trim in years, but it only served to hide his looks—not dampen them.
He was a head taller than Tessia, which made him quite tall for his age since our leader was just a few centimeters shorter than Darvus. Even underneath the loose-fitting robe he wore, I could tell his physique was that of a fighter. The way Arthur carried himself, the way he walked over here, and the way his eyes seemed to gaze over everything around him indeed confirmed that the aura he exuded wasn’t just my imagination.
As Tessia and Arthur were about to take a seat around our fire, Darvus stormed out of his tent. When he passed by me, he shot me the look of embarrassment he always had when he was about to apologize, but I stopped him with a hand. Revealing a snide smirk, I mouthed, “It’s fine, twerp.”
Darvus scratched his head as he flashed a wry smile. However, his gaze turned rigid as he faced Arthur. Tessia, Caria and I all looked at him, worried at what he might say when Darvus lifted a finger and said loudly. “Arthur Leywin. I, Darvus Clarell, fourth son of the Clarell House, formally challenge you to a duel!”





Chapter 135
Chapter 135: A Warrior’s Maiden Heart


TESSIA ERALITH’S POV:
The image of Arthur on top of that mountain of corpses, drenched in blood, looking down at us with a cold glare, had been burned into my head for hours now. I recognized him almost immediately, but my voice got caught in my throat. I couldn’t call out to him; I was scared to.
Even after gathering the courage to finally say his name, he stayed silent. The fear that something had changed in him during his training immediately came to mind as he faced us. When Sylvie popped out, I was happy, but even when Arthur finally spoke, I couldn’t get rid of the unease in my chest.
The sight of him stepping into the light made my heart feel like it had twisted into a knot. He was filthy and his eyes practically screamed exhaustion, but it really was Arthur. I wanted to embrace him right there, just as the Twin Horns were doing, but something in me kept me from doing so. Looking at my childhood friend, I sensed a clear distance that went beyond the few meters that separated us. And so I stood still, anchored, as I gave him a hesitant smile that didn’t even reach my eyes.
He smiled back, but it was only for a moment as the soldiers immediately began questioning him.
Throughout the trip back to the main camp, Arthur stayed relatively silent despite the chatter of the Twin Horns around us. They were all excited to have him back, despite the obvious discontent among the soldiers. Arthur smiled when spoken to, and he responded with minimal words, but that was it. Immediately after arrival, he spotted the stream and went to wash up with Sylvie. I went straight to the main tent with Dresh and the Twin Horns to try and help appease the tension our leader, along with the rest of the soldiers, felt towards my childhood friend.
Arthur came to the main tent after he had washed up, but even without the blood and filth covering him, he was just as unapproachable. He debriefed what was necessary, otherwise stating that the information was to be told directly to my grandfather. I stayed silent throughout the short meeting as Dresh and the Twin Horns bombarded him with questions.
Dresh left first to inform the rest of the soldiers of their next course of action. The Twin Horns reluctantly agreed to let Arthur rest only after being promised of a more detailed account later.
With only Arthur and me left in the tent, I remained tense, staring at my feet as I could feel Arthur’s gaze boring into me. I didn’t know what to say, how to act, or even how to feel. With Arthur suddenly appearing in front of me after more than two years, and him acting so... distant, I was at a loss. Whatever confidence I had left to approach my childhood friend went out the window as I looked at my pitiful state. Here I was, dressed like a man, layered from head to toe with grime and soot. Worst of all, my hair was a bird’s nest and I smelled like week-old garbage.
I could see him walking up to me, each of his footfalls making my heart beat just a little bit faster. However, I refused to look up. As he came closer, I could smell the faint aroma of herbs coming from him. Don’t come closer, I prayed, scared that he’d be repulsed by my stench.
His feet stopped just in front of mine but my eyes stayed glued to my feet as I squirmed awkwardly. For a moment, we were both silent. The only sound I could hear was the beating of my uncooperative heart.
“It’s been a while, Tess,” Arthur finally said. “I missed you.”

At those few words, the ice that had stiffened my body melted. My vision became blurry as I refused to stare anywhere else but at my feet.
I clenched my fists to keep myself from shaking. My eyes betrayed me as I could see the drops of tears darkening the leather of my boots.
Art’s warm hand gently touched my arm and I couldn’t help but notice how large it was. I had known him since he was shorter than me, but now, the simple touch of his palm filled me with a sense of protection. I tried my utmost to stay firm, but I found myself sniffling uncontrollably as my body began quivering.
I didn’t exactly know what came over me to reduce me to such a state. Maybe it was finally seeing my childhood friend again. Maybe it was because his words just now confirmed that it was still truly him, not the cold killer that I thought he had turned into when I first saw him. It might possibly not have had anything to do with that at all; I couldn’t exactly explain the reason why every barrier I had unconsciously raised to endure these last two years had just come crumbling down. All I felt was this wave of relief that everything was okay now, that I didn’t have to worry anymore. All of a sudden, it felt like everything Grandpa, Master Aldir and everyone else had been worrying about would turn out okay now that Art was here.
It was funny how a person could do that—how one person could make you feel truly... safe.
“Art... you... idiot!” I hiccuped in between sniffles. I raised my fists to hit him, but by the time they reached his chest, there was no strength behind them.
I must’ve shouted every profanity I knew at him, blaming him for just about everything: his cold attitude, his tastelessly long hair that made him look scary, his lack of contact until now—down to how it was his fault I was in my current state. Art just stood there, silently taking it all as his large hand continued to warm my arm.
I was angry, I was frustrated, I was embarrassed, but I was relieved. That whole mix of emotions turned me into a lump of tears as I continued assaulting Art—mostly because I hated myself for how I was acting right now.
After crying out all that I could, I rested my head against his chest, staring down at his feet that had also been spotted with my tears, letting out hiccups and sniffles.
It was quiet for a minute and I finally worked up the courage to look at his face, only to see him staring right back at me.
I was about to whip my head away when his smile stopped me. It wasn’t like the smile he had when we saw each other at the entrance of the mutant’s lair. His eyes crinkled into two crescent moons as a warming sincerity tugged at the corners of his lips to create a gleaming smile.
“You’re still a crybaby, aren’t you?” he joked, removing the hand he had on my arm to wipe a stray tear that refused to drop to the ground.
“Shuddup,” I replied, my voice coming out nasally.
Letting out a soft chuckle, he motioned with his head to follow him. “Come on. Your friends must be waiting.”
I gave him a nod, picking up Sylvie, who had been asleep on the ground. As we walked, my gaze constantly shifted between the sleeping Sylvie to Art.
“You got taller,” I remarked, my eyes now focused on Sylvie.
“Sorry I can’t say the same for you,” Art teased, weariness evident in his eyes as he let out a faint smile.

“I’m tall enough.” I stuck out my tongue.
Spotting Caria and Stannard talking around our fire, we picked up our pace as I tried my best to hide all signs that I had been crying.
After introducing Art to the both of them, we situated ourselves around the fire when Darvus suddenly came stomping out with a determined expression.
“Arthur Leywin. I, Darvus Clarell, fourth son of the Clarell House, formally challenge you to a duel!” he announced without any particular anger or spite; instead, he looked resolute.
“What?” the rest of us, aside from Art, exclaimed in unison.

My gaze immediately landed on Art to see how he would react. With him being physically and mentally drained from these past few hours, I didn’t know how he would take such a confrontation. However, to my relief, I spotted an amused expression on my childhood friend.
“Nice to meet you, Darvus Clarell, fourth son of the Clarell House. May I ask for the reason of this duel?” Art replied without getting up.
Caria immediately got up and held back Darvus. “D-Don’t mind him, Mr. Leywin—”
“Please, just call me Arthur.”
“—Arthur,” she amended. “He’s just being foolish.”
“I’m fine, Caria. I’m not mad or anything.” Darvus shook his childhood friend away before facing Art again. It was a weird sight seeing Darvus speak to Art in such a formal and respectful manner since Darvus was a few years older than Art.
“As for my reason,”—Darvus paused—“with all excuses aside—a man’s pride.”
I was utterly baffled by his response, and looking at the stunned expressions on Caria’s and Stannard’s faces, so were the two of them.
However, Art stifled back a laugh as he covered his mouth. His shoulders shook as he tried to hold it in before breaking down into a hearty laugh.
The four of us looked at each other with expressions of even greater confusement as even Darvus looked bewildered. Soldiers, drawn in by the uncontained laughter of Art, gathered around our camp, trying to figure out what was going on.
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to offend,” Art finally spoke, stifling in his laughter. “After spending what felt like a lifetime with those old coots, I just thought that what you said was quite refreshing.”

“Thank you?” Darvus replied, still trying to figure out whether to be offended or pleased with Art’s remark.
“Sure, as long as lives aren’t at stake, I’m fine with a duel,” Art said with a content smile, getting up from the stump he was sitting on.
As the two guys began making their way toward the southern wall of the cavern, the group of curious soldiers eagerly followed behind them.
“Do you know what this is about?” I asked Caria as the three of us trailed behind the group.
My petite teammate merely let out a sigh as she shook her head. “Something about him feeling insecure because Arthur is younger and supposedly stronger than he is.”
“Not to mention he’s pretty bitter that Arthur is better-looking than him too,” Stannard added, letting out a deep breath as well.
“What? So that’s what he meant by a ‘man’s pride’?” I blurted, dumbstruck.
“Yeah, I know. He’s hit a new low.” Caria nodded, looking at my expression. “I wonder if all men are like that?”
We both turned to Stannard who looked back at us with an unamused raised brow. “On behalf of all men, allow me to say that we aren’t all like that.”
“Maybe not all, but it has to be a majority, right?” Caria asked, making me giggle.
Letting out a defeated sigh, Stannard nodded. “Probably.”
We got to the makeshift dueling grounds just in time to see them about to begin. It seemed like the entire camp had stopped what they were doing to watch the two go at it. I could understand the soldiers being curious about Art’s strength since we had only seen the aftermath of his fight, but I didn’t expect to see Dresh at the front, eagerly waiting in anticipation next to the Twin Horns. The usually impartial Helen, leader of the Twin Horns, was enthusiastically rooting for Art as the rest of her party cheered him on. Soldiers from this expedition who had all seen Darvus in action and knew of his prowess cheered for him with whistles and hoots.
Beside me, Caria let out a groan. “Who am I supposed to root for?”
“Shouldn’t it obviously be to your childhood friend?” I teased, snickering at the sight of Darvus pompously receiving the cheers with his chest puffed out. Sylvie, who was still in my arms, shifted in her sleep from the noisy crowd, taking a quick peek before deciding that her sleep was more important.
“Hey! We don’t always have to choose our childhood friends,” Caria replied, shaking her head at Darvus’s unseemly attitude.
“You kind of do, Caria,” Stannard snorted, turning his gaze toward my arms. “Anyway, I didn’t ask before but it’s been on my mind; what sort of mana beast is Arthur’s bond anyway?”
“You wouldn’t believe me even if I told you,” I smirked, focusing on the mock duel ahead.
Art was leisurely standing with his left hand leaning on the pommel of his sword as Darvus began juggling his axes to put on a show for the crowd to see.
“Just before you came, Tess, he was in such a sour mood. Now look at him; God, I swear, he has the emotional stability of a four-year-old,” Caria grumbled.
“Probably even younger,” I chuckled, remembering how mature Art was when he was four years old.
One of the soldiers, a seasoned augmenter, volunteered himself to be the referee and stood between Darvus and Art with his hand held up.
“I’m sure the general consensus is that we’d like to keep this cavern in one piece, so I want you both to keep mana usage strictly to body augmentations. Is that clear?” the soldier asked, taking a glance at Dresh for confirmation.
Getting the approval from the leader of this expedition as well as two consenting nods from Darvus and Art, the soldier swung down his hand. “First to yield or otherwise be incapacitated loses. Begin!”





Chapter 136
Chapter 136: As Quickly As He Had Appeared


STANNARD BERWICK’S POV:
At the referee’s signal, the match began.
All traces of pompousness from Darvus disappeared as he carefully circled around Arthur. As our leader’s childhood friend remained standing in the same position, Darvus continued to side-step around him, warily looking for an opening.
Darvus had in his hand two identical axes that differed only in color. These two weapons were precious family heirlooms that had been passed down generation to generation to the strongest practitioner of their Clarell style of axe-wielding. The two axes looked more like misshapen swords with blades melded right above the handle, not near the top. The flat of the blades had strange markings etched into both of them that didn’t match the simple, unadorned handles of the weapons. I knew that Darvus was serious just from the fact that he took these weapons out. I’d only seen this pair of axes once, and that was only because Caria begged him to show us.
Darvus continued to slowly circle Arthur, always keeping a steady position, never crossing over his legs in between steps. Arthur, for some reason, stayed completely still even as Darvus inched behind him.
Sweat beaded down the sides of Darvus’s face as he stopped right behind his opponent’s open back. The only sound inside the cavern was the faint rushing of water from the stream as the crowd’s cheering subsided. Everyone stared anxiously at the two contestants, not doubting the reason for Darvus’s hesitation despite his advantageous position.
After another slow sidestep, Darvus lowered his position and launched himself at Art’s back. I couldn’t help but become involuntarily drawn into the battle as Darvus closed the five-meter gap in just two quick steps.
Darvus had both his axes loaded to his right in preparation for what looked like an upward swipe, but as soon as he was about to get in distance, Darvus abruptly veered course. Steering clear of the seemingly still Arthur, Darvus went back to his original distance, his forehead drenched in sweat as his chest heaved in and out for air.
“What was that, Darvus?” a soldier cried out.
“Stop being a wimp!” another voice shouted.
Tessia, Caria and I exchanged glances, unsure of what was going on with Darvus. It hadn’t even passed the two-minute mark since this duel had started, yet he looked to be in worse shape than that one time our team had been locked in a battle for several hours.
It was impossible for Darvus to be this tired after just a few minutes, but it wasn’t the only thing that confused me.
I’d been with Darvus as he mercilessly hacked away at A class mana beasts with cruel efficiency, and beat down adventurers twice his size and in the same class with a content smile on his face, so I couldn’t believe what I was seeing. Even from here, I could make out the distinct features of an emotion that I had thought the battle-hungry Darvus lacked: fear.
At the discontent hollers of a few more soldiers, Darvus clicked his tongue before snapping out at the crowd to shut up.
Taking a deep breath, Darvus lowered his center of gravity with renewed fervor in his eyes as he stared attentively at Arthur—who may as well have been a statue at this point.

The edges of my teammate’s two axes glowed amber as he lowered them so that the tips were touching the ground. Darvus stomped his right foot as if he was about to leap toward his opponent, but instead, he stayed rooted as he swiped both of his axes upward in a cross.
Darvus’s spell caused a trail of fine grain to follow his two blades before shooting out in a cross-shaped attack
As the crescent of pebbles shot out towards Arthur, I couldn’t help but admire the effectiveness of the spell. While normal grains of sand didn’t strike fear into my heart, at break-neck speeds, they could put dozens of small holes in unsuspecting opponents.
The fine, earthen barrage reached its target almost instantly, but rather than poke holes or even break skin, the pebbles bounced off Tessia’s childhood friend harmlessly, as if a toddler had thrown the sand at him.
At first, I thought Darvus had failed to properly cast the spell, but the remaining spray of grain that hadn’t landed harmlessly on Arthur, dug into the cavern wall behind him with an explosion of consecutive crashes. Luckily, the spray hadn’t hit any of the spectators near it, because the area where Darvus’s spell had hit crumbled a layer of the cavern wall.
Everyone’s gaze shifted back and forth in shock between Arthur, who had received the brunt of the attack with no harm, and the wall where a small cloud of dust had formed from the sheer force of the small cluster of rocks. Everyone in the entire cavern was in a silent display of surprise and awe—everyone except for Darvus. My spoiled friend had a discontent grimace on his face as if he knew that something like that would happen.
Arthur, on the other hand, finally turned around to face his opponent as he casually dusted off his sleeve where Darvus’s spell had bounced off of him—not even his clothes damaged.
With another annoyed click of his tongue, Darvus leaped back as he dug his axes into the ground once more at another attempt to stone his opponent with sand. However, as Darvus swung his priceless weapons, Arthur raised a hand.
Suddenly, the trail of grains that were trailing behind my teammate’s blades all dropped before fully manifesting into a spell. Darvus’s eyes widened and I knew that somehow, his monster of an opponent had cancelled or stopped his spell from forming.
Darvus’s frustration was evident on his face as he bit down hard on his lower lip, his eyebrows furrowed into a scowl. However, as Darvus continued to try and conjure his spells, from here, it simply looked like he was flailing his axes at a ghost in front of him.
“Damn it!” Darvus finally howled, locking gazes with Arthur, whose lips curled up just a tad at the edges. My wild-haired friend finally stopped attempting to attack from afar and moved in. He closed the gap and swiped savagely at the bare-handed Arthur. As his glowing axes created streaks of mana behind them, his opponent easily parried them with the back of his hand.
Darvus struck again—simultaneously this time—hoping to catch his opponent off guard, but Arthur merely dipped the right axe that was aimed at his head, and pivoted and parried the left axe that was aimed at his torso.
My teammate, however, kept his composure as he mixed it up, feinting to his left before veering, his other axe rising to quick-strike to the right. Arthur dodged the attack beautifully, maintaining a steady balance as his body dipped and weaved into a rhythmic trance.
Darvus’s flurry of attacks, mixed with off-timed kicks and elbows, was relentless as the crowd—myself included—silently gawked at the spectacle of one attacked with monstrous speed and control while the other dodged or parried everything perfectly without damage even coming to his loose clothing.
My attention had been solely focused on the two of them for the entirety of the duel, so when Darvus suddenly dropped his axes and fell to his knee, I couldn’t make sense of it.
From here, it looked like my stubborn and prideful friend had simply given up, but by the wide-eyed, stupefied gaze he had toward his opponent, I knew it wasn’t that simple.
On his knees, Darvus raised his left shoulder—as if to swing his arm. However, his arm remained limp, dangling at his side. He then tried to get up. With his legs merely trembling, they gave out, causing Darvus to fall to his back.
The crowd murmured to one another as they exchanged raised brows and similar looks of confusement.
“W-What’s going on? Why can’t I m-move?” Darvus stammered as he remained sprawled on his back.
“You’ll be fine, boy,” a husky voice called out reassuringly. “Right, Arthur?”
The familiar tone that came from behind was filled with power, immediately causing Darvus to fall silent. The rest of us all whipped around at the source of the voice.

I let out a frightened gasp before immediately dropping to my knee.
Dresh’s voice, laced with surprise and apprehension, rang from within the crowd. “We salute you, Commander Virion.”
As he said this, my gaze remained planted to the ground, not daring to look up until otherwise stated.
That was just the kind of figure he was to all of us.

I had read about Virion Eralith in textbooks and documentaries from during the time of the old war between humans and elves. He was king at the time, and from what I had read, an exceptional one. It was ultimately through his leadership and cunning that the human army, despite having an advantage in numbers, was forced to retreat in the end. It was no wonder why the Council, which comprised of the current kings and queens of their respective nations, turned to Commander Virion for guidance in this war.
I had the honor of meeting him once when I was first chosen to be placed in the same team as his granddaughter. At that time, I could only imagine her to be a spoiled, ill-mannered girl that wanted to chase after some lunatic fairytale. But I was wrong. She was stronger, more mature, and more dedicated to the war than I would ever be. If this was the girl that was raised by her grandfather, I could only imagine what kind of beast Commander Virion would be.
As we all remained genuflecting, I kept my ears open as two pairs of footsteps approached.
“He’s right,” Arthur’s voice rang from behind. “You’ll be back to normal soon.”
From the brief moment I had, I couldn’t recognize the peculiar-looking man beside Commander Virion. Most of his face was covered underneath a woolen hood, but his clean-shaven face and was sharp, a pair of thin, pursed lips hiding any signs of emotions.
“Arthur! Tessia,” Commander Virion’s rough voice called out once more. “With me.”
Footfalls, from what I assumed to be Arthur, approached me from behind as even Tessia made her way towards her grandfather as well.
After a few moments, our expedition leader told us to rise, the Commander, his companion, Tessia and Arthur all gone.
“What was all that about?” I asked in a hushed voice to Caria.
My friend shook her head. “I have no idea. I’ve never seen Commander Virion out on the field, and even then, coming all this way just for one person?”
“Seriously,” I agreed. “Even the high-ranking leaders back at the Wall rarely get to communicate with Commander Virion directly.”
“Well, it makes sense since his granddaughter was here, right?” Caria inquired.
“I’m not so sure about that,” I murmured before remembering my injured friend. “Caria! Darvus!”
The two of us hurriedly made our way over to our teammate that was still lying on his back. Kneeling beside him, Caria lifted her childhood friend’s head and placed it in her lap. “Darvus, are you okay?”
“Y-Yeah,” he huffed. “I can move my fingers and toes now, at least. What happened? I thought I heard a familiar voice? Who was it?”

“It was Commander Virion!” I answered, rolling up Darvus’s sleeves to take a better look at his condition.
“What?!” he cried, attempting to get up before falling back into Caria’s lap with a groan.
“Stay still, idiot. You’re hurt!” Caria chided. “Anyway, you heard Commander Virion. He said you’ll be okay, and I don’t think Arthur hit you with the intent to cripple you.”
“Thanks.” Darvus rolled his eyes. “Because the one thing a guy wants to hear after getting his ass handed to him is that his opponent wasn’t even trying.”
I turned my attention back to his arm and noticed a strange welt near his wrist and the inside of his elbow. What was weirder was that I felt a trace of mana coming from the red bruises.
Without a word, I ripped open Darvus’s shirt, eliciting a shout of protest from my friend and a squeal from Caria. Just as I had expected, more red welts littered his body.
“Darvus, did you not feel that you were getting hit while you were attacking?” I asked.
“Must’ve been the blood rushing to my head. I didn’t feel a thing,” he answered. “Why? Is it that bad?”
“It’s not that.” I shook my head. “But the locations of all of these welts that you have are in very important places.”
“What do you mean?” Caria chimed in, taking a peek underneath her childhood friend’s shirt with flushed cheeks.
“I’ve read a few books on mana flow anatomy—you know, the theory behind the movement of mana inside a mage’s body—and one of them mentioned that there are known to be areas where clusters of mana channels coalesce. Naturally, these areas are naturally more protected when an augmenter strengthens his body, but if properly struck, it can inhibit the flow of mana to that particular region.”
“Oh! I studied that too! My trainer taught me about . But it couldn’t be that he was able to hit those, right? My trainer said it was impractical—almost impossible—to target them in battle because of how small and protected these points are,” Caria exclaimed.
“True,” I acknowledged, “and I read that these coalition points differ in each person. But, I can’t help but think these marks are related to that.”
“Well, it would explain the marks, but it doesn’t explain why Darvus suddenly fell down like a broken doll—”
“Hey!” Darvus glared from the ground.
“Excessive Mana Discharge,” I stated, my eyes glued to Darvus’s fading wounds.
“You mean backlash? Isn’t that when a mage uses too much of his mana?” Caria inquired. “I’ve seen Darvus use much more mana-heavy spells for longer periods than this.”
“Well, if Tessia’s childhood friend was able to hit all these coalition points, the mana leakage from these areas could potentially cause backlash. Of course this is only assuming that he was somehow able to locate these miniscule coalition points,” I clarified, wondering how in the hell Arthur had even managed to hit him without anyone—not even Darvus himself—realizing.
“How about we stop admiring the man who left me in this state and help me up?! I think I can walk with some help now,” Darvus interrupted, gingerly wiggling his legs.
As Caria and I helped our friend to his feet, we slowly made our way toward the tent that Commander Virion was in, along with Arthur and Tessia, hoping to be the first to hear any new updates.
However, as we neared the large white tent, Tessia stormed out with a discontent scowl etched onto her creamy face.
“Tessia! Over here!” Caria called out, but the princess ignored her. Moments later, Commander Virion and Arthur, along with the mysterious companion that the Commander arrived here with, came out of the tent.
The hooded man lifted an arm and a teleportation gate conjured out in the space in front of him. The soldiers that were lingering nearby, evidently bored with nothing to do, all jumped at the sudden manifestation of the gate.
“Are they leaving?” Darvus asked, his arms wrapped around our necks.
My eyes were fixated on the three figures as they approached the gate. Commander Virion was the first to go and behind him was the hooded figure. Before Arthur stepped in through the gate with his bond, he looked at us with a regretful—almost apologetic—expression. I couldn’t hear his voice from the distance, and I wasn’t even sure he had actually spoken aloud, but I clearly understood the words formed from his lips—‘take care of her until I return.’
He disappeared into the light as the teleportation gate closed behind him.





Chapter 137
Chapter 137: Arrival


ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
As I stepped into the large white tent, I was immediately pulled into a bearhug by Grampa Virion.
“Damn you, boy! Why didn’t you tell me you came back?” He loosened his grip on me, grasping me at arm’s length to get a better look.
“Nice to see you again, Gramps.” I turned to acknowledge the hooded asura. “Aldir.”
“Arthur. Lady Sylvie,” he greeted back. “Much has changed in both of you.”
“I certainly hope so,” I chuckled, Sylvie nodding slightly in response. “How did you know I had arrived here so quickly?” I turned back to Virion.
“Lord Aldir received a message from Lord Windsom,” Virion answered. “He said you were sent down here somewhere so I came right away.”
“To think you were sent where Tessia was stationed. Tell me, was this Wren’s doing?” Aldir chimed in, an amused tone in his voice.
I nodded, turning my gaze to my silent childhood friend. “Has his sense of humor always been so... droll?”
“Wren has always seen himself as whimsical despite his often indifferent attitude,” the asura acknowledged.
“I was so surprised to see him when we were expecting to battle a mutant,” Tessia voiced, shaking her head.
“Yeah. As soon as I had arrived, a horde of mana beasts attacked me and Sylv. We didn’t even have time to catch our breaths until after we had killed all of them,” I sighed, petting my bond.
“But what about the door? When we arrived at the scene, the mana beasts outside the room you were in had all died,” Tessia pressed. I knew she had been curious about a thousand things since my arrival, but I could tell by Aldir and Virion’s arrival that we were short on time.
“Not now, chil—Tessia,” Virion amended, placing a hand on his granddaughter’s shoulder. “There are things I must discuss with Arthur, and this isn’t the right place to do so.”
“We’re leaving?” Tessia responded, shifting glances between her grandfather and Aldir.
The asura shook his head. “Not you, Tessia. You are to stay here.”
“What? Arthur got here a few hours ago and you’re already taking him away?” Tessia replied, fear evident in her eyes.
“Tess,” I cut in. “Don’t worry. I’ll be right back after debriefing.”
“Besides, you have your team to look after. With this dungeon cleared, I’m sure everyone will soon depart from here. You have your own battles you are responsible for, right?” Virion added. “That is what we agreed upon when I allowed you to take part in this war.”
“Yes. ‘Work your way up from battles using your own strength,’,” Tessia quoted, letting out a defeated sigh.
I could practically see my childhood friend’s nonexistent tail droop in sorrow at this news, but I knew whatever Virion had to tell me was important.
“Then let’s head out immediately. Tessia, you’ve gotten stronger these past few months. The battles you’ve been through are certainly molding you well enough,” Aldir noted, giving her an approving nod.
“Thank you, Master.” Tessia dipped her head, but her bitter expression didn’t change.

I was taken by surprise at the relationship between the two. I never expected the one-eyed asura to take Tessia under his wing, but I kept those thoughts to myself.
Tessia gave a quick bow to her grandfather and her master before heading out of the tent. As she lifted the tarp flap, she looked back at me with a gaze that held a myriad of emotions.
“I’ll see you soon,” I smiled as she left.
“Shall we depart?” Aldir confirmed.
With a nod from the two of us, we headed out of the tent as well.
Outside, before stepping into the teleportation gate that Aldir had conjured, I locked eyes with Tessia’s teammate, Stannard, and muttered for him to take care of Tessia for me.
I hadn’t meant for him to hear it, but Stannard seemed to understand as he nodded meaningfully.
It took us a few minutes after stepping through the gate to arrive at the floating castle that the Council had made their base, the reason being that the flying fortress constantly moved miles above the ground without a set pattern or destination.
After our distorted surroundings focused, I noticed we had arrived inside a small, cylindrical room with no windows and only one set of double iron doors.
‘How come you didn’t talk to Tess back there?’ I asked my bond as she scampered along next to me.
‘A lady needs to have a secret or two,’ Sylvie voiced coyly.
‘Oh, you’re a lady now?’ I shook my head. Somewhere along the last two years, my bond had gained the ability to talk freely, but for some reason, she chose not to speak unless it was with me.
‘I’ll surprise Tessia with it next time,’ she replied, giggling to herself.
Virion and Aldir both looked back, obviously curious as to what my bond and I were discussing mentally.
Talking wasn’t the only ability that Sylvie had gained throughout her training, but because of her young age, most of the time was spent fortifying her body so that her mana and aether abilities wouldn’t run amok.
Lord Indrath had personally taught her how to strengthen her body, which was unique to the dragon race of asuras. Apparently, almost all young asuras faced the danger of their body being unable to withstand their innate abilities.
“Well, since we’re all here, let’s go out,” Virion announced with a smile.
At the signal from the gateman, the large iron doors clicked and squealed with the lock mechanism going off. The groan of metal on gravel filled my ears as the thick metal exit opened from the center.
I had expected a guard or two to be on the other side of the doors, but instead, a rather large dark bear towered over me. It gazed down viciously, the two white markings above its eyes shaping its expression into something of a scowl. It stood about three meters high, its hind legs rooted to the ground and its chest exposed to reveal a tuft of white fur just below its neck. Despite its angry-looking eyes, its exposed teeth gave the impression of a smile, two rows of white daggers protruding jaggedly out of its mouth.
“Brother!” a melodious voice chirped.
For a split second, I thought it was the bear that had spoken, but Ellie, my little sister, appeared from behind the beast with goofy grin on her immature face.
While subtle, my sister had definitely changed over these past few years. Her ash-brown hair ran freely down her shoulders instead of in pigtails which she had sported when she was younger. While her dark round eyes still shined with innocence, her thoughtful gaze toward me contained a profound maturity.
“Ellie!” I picked my sister up into a hug as she wrapped her arms around my neck and swung around me.
“Arthur!” another pair of voices called out. It was my parents.
After putting her down, I turned to my parents. I stood still, tense. Feelings of doubt and remorse kept me from giving my parents a hug. I didn’t know how to greet them after how we last separated.
“Come here, Son!” My father ran up and encircled me, wrapping me tightly in his arms.
“I-I don’t understand,” I stammered, taken aback by their actions. “I thought—”
“Thought what?” my father interrupted. “That just because you have memories of whatever previous existence you had, you could stop being my son?”

I chuckled as my father let me go. My mother, who had remained a few feet away, anxiously approached. My mind flashed back to how she had so desperately tried to deny everything, and I lost what little confidence I had to greet my mother.
Each slow step she took toward me made the lump in my throat grow larger. I looked down as her foot was just inches away from mine. I couldn’t look her in the eye.
Suddenly, my mother clasped my hands tightly, bringing them close to her.
“Give me some time,” she whispered as drops of tears landed on our hands. “I’m trying. I really am. Just give me some time.”
As though a stone encasing shattered around my body, a wave of happiness and relief washed over me as I accepted her sincerity.

“Of course,” I nodded, unable to look at my mother for fear that I’d cry as well.
“Brother! Brother!” my sister chirped as she held Sylvie in her arms. “Say hi to my Boo!”
As my mother released me from her grasp, I cleared my throat and took another hard stare at the giant mana beast.
“Your B-Boo?” I repeated incredulously, looking at my sister and back at Virion and Aldir. I knew that the mana beast wasn’t an enemy, but I hadn’t realized he belonged to my family.
“Yup!” she nodded. “Boo, say hi to Brother!”
Boo and I locked gazes for a second until the mana beast smirked at me. Raising a giant paw, Boo swung down at me.
Raising an arm, I immediately willed mana into my body. At the force of Boo’s attack, the ground below my feet cracked.
I stared at my sister in shock with the bear’s paw still weighing down on my arm.
“I see that Boo has quite the temper.” I grabbed the beast’s wrist and pulled down, bringing him down to my eye level.
“Boo just wanted to see if you were as strong as I told him you were. He’s a bit competitive like that,” she shrugged as her bond struggled to free himself from my grasp. “Bad Boo!”
“Wait. Ellie, you can talk to this beast? Are you bonded to it?” I sputtered. The strength of this mana beast had surprised me, but the fact that it was able to converse mentally with my sister meant that Boo was quite a high-level beast.
“Lord Windsom didn’t mention this?” Virion asked from behind. “He gave this mana beast to your family as a gift before you guys departed to Epheotus.”
“No, he did not mention anything of the sort,” I shook my head, still in a daze at the turn of events. “So Windsom just handed this giant stuffed animal to my sister so what, she can ride it out to battle?”
Boo let out a disgruntled sniff at my words.
“Yes, I called you a teddy bear,” I retorted, still holding onto his paw.
“No, he was just a baby when Windsom gave him to us,” my mother smiled. “Though I have to say, Boo grew quite fast over these past two years.”
“I’ll say,” my father agreed, chuckling to himself.
“Well, I’m sure you would like to catch up with your family, Arthur, but let’s make it after our discussion,” Aldir voiced in a serious tone. “Your family is living here for the time being, as I thought it would be in your best interest.”
“Right. Thank you,” I nodded, turning back to my family. “I’ll talk to you guys soon, okay?”
I gave everyone, except for Boo, a hug, and followed Virion and Aldir down the narrow corridor to the meeting room.
Sylvie trotted close behind, taking another look back at Boo. ‘Do you want me to beat him up for you?’
‘I can take care of him myself,’ I smirked, reaching down to pet my bond.

As we arrived inside the guarded room, we sat around a large circular table. It was only the three of us inside the rather blandly decorated meeting area so there were quite a bit of empty chairs spaced throughout.
“Just us?” I looked around. “What about the kings and queens, and the lances? I thought I’d at least be seeing Directory Goodsky here.”
The asura, Aldir, pulled back the hood that had covered most of his face to reveal his purple eye that glowed in the center of his forehead. He first looked to Virion and nodded at him.
As Tess’s grandfather turned to me, I noticed just how tired and burdened he looked compared to how he was before the war. “Cynthia is currently in a state of self-induced slumber to cope with the effects of the curse she had activated by disclosing intel on the Alacryans.”
“It’s that bad?” I exclaimed. The report that Windsom had shown me did mention of the director’s condition, but never to the point of her being in a comatose state.
“Mhmm,” the elderly elf nodded solemnly. “I’ll show you where she’s resting later, but I’m sure there are quite a few other things you’re curious about.”
I nodded in reply as I went through all of the questions I had on my mind. For each question I bombarded the two leaders of this war with, they patiently answered back. I learned that, while my family was being held here for protection, the Helstea family had gone elsewhere. Vincent was using his resources in trade to assist the war efforts. It was a bit worrisome to think that they might become exposed to danger, but it seemed that the Helsteas mostly stayed in the background—never getting involved anywhere close to where the real battles were.
As for the former king and queen of Sapin, the two reported back to the castle every now and then, but they’d actually been spending most of their efforts in the Kingdom of Darv, hoping to gain the allegiance of the dwarves for this war, while Curtis and Kathlyn Glayder did what Tess had done—joined or made a team to get some experience in real battle for the actual war.
“Has my father or mother ever thought about fighting in the war as well?” I quizzed.
“Your father has,” Virion answered. “But, I told him to restrain himself until either you returned or until Eleanor is a bit older. He was insistent on helping out, but I made a strong case.”
“Thank you. I can’t imagine if my father had died in the war while I wasn’t even here,” I sighed.
As Virion continued explaining the status of the war and much about the strategies implemented to keep the citizens safe, I silently listened, staring idly at my bond who was listening to him as well.
“Is something the matter, my boy?” Virion queried. “You’ve been awfully quiet.”
“It’s nothing,” I smiled. “Although, I am a bit anxious to hear what you guys actually brought me all the way here for, seeing as you wanted to keep your own granddaughter in the dark about everything. And I know you didn’t just bring me here so that I could meet my family.”
“Yes. Well, Tessia is ambitious and has trained diligently in order to make a contribution in this war...” Virion’s voice trailed off.
“But, you still worry for her safety more than anything else,” I finished for him. “So that whole speech you apparently gave her on working her way up to the main battle was just a way to stall for time?”
Letting out a sigh, Virion nodded. “Can you blame me?”
I shook my head. “I would’ve done the same thing.” “How bad is this ‘main battle’ anyway?” I asked, shifting my gaze between the two figureheads of this war.
“As of now, the main fight is at the Wall, where a fortress had been built that spans across the Grand Mountains. Not a single mutant or Alacryan soldier has been able to leave the Beast Glades so far thanks to this defense line.” Despite the good news, Virion let out a deep breath.
“I’d like you to weigh in here just based on what we told you so far,” Aldir voiced in a tone that suggested he was testing me.
I thought for a moment. “Let me see if I have this right. From what you guys have dealt with so far, it seems like the Alacryan Army’s plan is to somehow infect certain mana beast leaders so that they can control the beasts to lead their own hordes to fight for them. That, along with the Alacryan mages that have been using hidden teleportation gates set up by spies to bolster the size of their soldiers here on Dicathen adds up to be a pretty dangerous fighting force.”
“Agreed,” Aldir acknowledged.
“But it’s suspicious.” I studied Aldir and Virion’s faces. “I mean, I understand that the Beast Glades is the perfect territory for them to establish, especially if they have a few S class or SS class mana beasts under their control, but it seems too straightforward. If none of them were able to get through this defense, it either means that our side is that much stronger, or that they’re stalling for time. And by the look on your face, Virion, I’d say it’s the latter.”
“Evidence that has come to light not too long ago has confirmed our suspicions,” Virion agreed, a sympathetic tone in his voice. “Now, Arthur. I can’t have you blaming yourself for what I’m about to tell you.”
“What is it?” I raised my brow.
Aldir pulled out something from underneath the table and slid it over to me.
They were pictures of an abandoned ship. By the structure and frame of it, I was certain I had seen something like this before.
“It’s not the Dicatheous, if that’s what you’re wondering,” Aldir explained. “After seeing this, the artificer, Gideon, finally admitted where he got the ingenious idea of the so-called ‘steam engine’ he was so proud of.”
I looked over the pictures one more time, trying to convince myself from accepting what my brain had already figured out.
“That was a ship built by the Alacryans using your designs,” Virion revealed, his voice grim.
Before I had the chance to respond, the dark wooden door to the meeting room suddenly flew open as an armored soldier desperately stumbled into the room.
“Commander, Lord,” the soldier greeted hurriedly, still trying to catch his breath.
“What is it?” Virion asked impatiently.
“Th-They’ve been sighted, Commander. Approaching the western coast.” The soldier’s voice quivered in restrained fear. “The sh-ships.”





Chapter 138
Chapter 138: To Right My Wrong</h3> <hr/>I bolted up from my seat at the soldier’s news. “Where exactly did you see them?”
“J-Just a few miles south of Etistin... Sir,” he replied, hesitant on what to call me because of my age.
I rushed past the guard and headed out the door. “Come on, Sylv.”
“Wait! Arthur, what are you thinking?” Virion called from behind, his voice laced with concern.
“I want to see exactly what sort of mess I made,” I responded without turning back.
Sylvie and I sped toward the teleportation gate room, dodging past several surprised workers and guards.
Upon reaching the familiar double iron doors we had come through, we saw two guards that weren’t there before guarding either side of the doors.
“Please open the doors,” I requested, impatience evident in my voice.
The male guard, clad in heavy armor with a longsword strapped to his back and two smaller blades bound to both sides of his waist stepped forward with a stern expression. “All entries and exits are to be approved of by either Commander Virion or Lord Aldir. We haven’t heard of your departure from either of them so no can do, kid.”
“Look, I just came back to this castle with Virion and Aldir. They know I’m heading out, so I insist that you let me through,” I argued.
“Commander Virion and Lord Aldir,” the guard reiterated. “No matter how lofty you think you royal kids are, learn some respect for your elders.”
The female conjurer that looked to be middle-aged, dressed in a lavish robe and a hood that covered her hair, quickly intervened, hoping to quell the situation. She spoke in a gentle voice as if she was talking to a child. “It’s dangerous for you to go out alone in these times. Maybe if you have a guardian you—”
She stopped in her tracks as she choked on her last words. Both the guards crumbled to their knees as they clawed at their throats desperately. They gasped for air like fish out of water as I took another step forward, looking down at them with an innocent smile. “It’d be wise of you not to patronize me.”
I withdrew the pressure I had released to make my point and helped them to their feet. “Let’s try this again.”
The two of them scrambled toward the door and released the lock. The heavy doors groaned against the gravel floor as I rushed through and made my way toward the center of the room.
“Sir. Set the gate to Etistin, please,” I requested, letting out a sigh. I felt a bit guilty for being so harsh toward people just doing their jobs, but my mood wasn’t exactly stellar either.
The elderly gateman exchanged hesitant glances with the disheveled guards but otherwise relented. As the glowing portal buzzed and hissed, the view of Etistin came into focus.
Without a word, Sylvie and I stepped through the gate once more, my heart thumping heavily the closer I got to my destination.
Arriving at an unfamiliar room filled with guards on the other side, I stepped down from the elevated stage that held the gate, Sylvie just a few steps behind.
“Who let a child through the secured gates?” the barrel-chested leader barked at the hunched gateman.
“He’s from the Castle, Sir,” he responded meekly, staring at me curiously.
It was troublesome that everyone thought of me as just a child even though I was well into my teens. I was taller than many of the guards present, but my unruly long hair and adolescent appearance seemed to keep any of the soldiers from taking me seriously.
Without the patience to explain my situation, I made my way toward the exit, walking past the large leader.
“Kid! What’s your business here? Don’t you know the state this city is in?” The armor-clad soldier that stood at least a head above me gripped my arm tightly, jerking me back.
“Commander Virion sends me here. Now, please open the doors before I make my own,” I warned.
The leader scoffed, rolling his eyes. “Yeah, sure. Commander Virion sent the likes of some thin pretty-boy here. I bet you’re just a runaway noble brat that had a tantrum. Lest, Scraum, take the boy back through the gates! I don’t need more civilians to be taken care of here!”
Letting out a sigh, I willed mana, allowing it to surge out of my body as I had done back at the castle.
Many of the soldiers present were augmenters, so they knew exactly what was happening as everyone helplessly fell to the ground. The very air in the room froze as the soldiers stared wide-eyed in shock at one another. The gateman, being an ordinary civilian, couldn’t handle the pressure and had been knocked unconscious.
“Sylv. Let’s get out of here.”
‘But the door—’

I glanced around the room to see some of the more capable mages already calling for backup.
“I’ll make one,” I replied curtly, not wanting to create an even bigger scene.
‘Sounds good.’
The white fox-like body of my bond began glowing until she was fully enveloped in a shroud of golden light. With a thunderous burst of mana radiating out of her body, Sylvie’s form changed into that of a pitch-black dragon. Over the past few years, her form had become much more distinguished and mature. Small details like the shape of her horns and her scales, which now looked like thousands of small polished gemstones, all made Sylvie appear fearsome yet ethereal.
The soldiers that were still conscious let out stifled cries at the turn of events, but I didn’t waste any time enjoying their distress.
Lifting my hand, I coalesced the rampant mana gathered at my palm.
[Lightning Surge]
A barrage of blue lightning bombarded the ceiling above us, shaking the entire room. I jumped on top of Sylvie as she beat her wings to lift us up.
As we shot through the hole I had created, the gasps and screams from the civilians and soldiers below us soon softened the higher we reached into the sky.
The crisp winter air whisked past my cheeks as we ascended above the clouds until we could see the setting sun turn orange against the horizon. The beauty of Dicathen was in full view, laid out like a canvas below. I took a brief moment to relish the peaceful sight, from the snowcapped mountains and grassy plains to the sparkling ocean and lush forest, before directing Sylvie toward the south.
‘Let’s make it there before nightfall,’ I advised, leaning forward on Sylvie’s large back.
‘Roger,’ she chimed back, her voice still chirpy despite her intimidating appearance.
The land sped past us in a colorful blur as if the very background was being pulled out from underneath. I thickened the layer of mana around me to protect my clothes against the sharp winds.
As we headed south, the sight of cities soon became visible the closer we headed toward the coastline.
‘Let’s get lower, Sylv,’ I transmitted, hunching my shoulders.
My bond tucked in her massive wings as she fell into a steep dive toward the cliffs just above Trelmore City. We barreled through the clouds that obscured our vision, shooting down like a black meteor. As we descended, the glittering sea soon came into view, and along with it, the direct effect of my thoughtless blunder.
I cursed aloud at the nightmarish sight ahead, my words getting lost in the wind. As we landed on a vast, snow-covered precipice at the edge of the forest overlooking Trelmore City and the ocean, I jumped off my bond, cursing once more, this time, my voice echoing around us as if mocking me.
I could only stare in silence at scene.
Hundreds of ships approaching from the glowing horizon, not more than a few dozen miles away from shore, making their forces stationed in the Beast Glades seem like nothing more than a speck.
Virion’s last piece of advice popped into my head at that moment. He told me not to blame myself, but it was all that I could do at this moment.
This being my second life, I had insight and knowledge that people of this world didn’t have. Despite this knowledge and my wisdom, I didn’t think about the consequences that would arise from a seemingly harmless act that would benefit those around me.
Memories of the day I had given Gideon the blueprints for the steam engine became all too clear and agonizing. Because of my advice, a ship that could be built to traverse the ocean had ended up in the wrong hands. I couldn’t help but ask myself if the Vritra Clan getting their hands on this technology was what expedited the war that they had been evidently preparing.
“This doesn’t look too good,” Sylvie muttered as she gazed at the ominous view ahead.
“No, it doesn’t. And it’s my fault,” I sighed, a mix of dread and guilt churning inside the pit of my stomach.
I stared ahead, lost in a daze as millions of thoughts ran through my head. I had shed tears, sweat, and blood these past two years so that I could protect this land and the people in it and to stop the Vritra from taking over this entire world. But it wasn’t that simple anymore.
Hopping back onto my bond, I gently patted her neck.
“Let’s go back, Sylv. We’ve got a war to win,” I said through clenched teeth.
I wasn’t some righteous hero out to save the world. Hell, I couldn’t even call myself a good samaritan hoping to do his best to fight for his people.
No. It was my fault that this war had progressed to this state. It was my fault that this fleet of ships was almost upon us, and it would be my fault when those ships arrive and cause havoc on this land.
If I had a reason to fight, it would not be just to protect the few I held dear.
It would be to right my wrong.

CYNTHIA GOODSKY’S POV:
I was in a room or area—some space covered in complete darkness with only a single beam of light shining down at me.
“It is imperative that you give us as much information as possible,” a deep voice spoke from the shadows.

I felt my lips moving and my tongue forming words, but my voice would not come out. Instead, a sharp ring pierced into my brain.
“Your knowledge can win us this war, Director,” another voice, this one thin and hoarse, muttered from out of view. “Think of the millions of lives you can help save by cooperating.”
I agreed. I wanted to speak, but no audible sound could be produced. I fell to my knees as the ringing soon became unbearable, but the voices hidden in the shadows continued to pester me.
They wanted answers regardless of cost. They were desperate, but so was I.
“It’s okay for you to die from the after-effects of the curse. As long as we get the answers we need, your job is done,” a particularly melodic voice cooed.
‘I thought that the curse had been lifted by Lord Aldir,’ I wanted to protest, even though I knew that, deep down, my life had always been in danger. However, my voice betrayed me, and the torturous sound overtook my senses. My vision turned white as the pain began lessening.
I thought to myself that if this was what death felt like, I would welcome it wholeheartedly. I closed my eyes, yet my vision was still completely covered in a slate of white.
I began to wonder what would happen next when a darkened figure soon approached me. Even as the figure got closer and closer, its features could not be distinguished. My only comfort lied in the fact that its outline seemed human.
As the featureless figure arrived in front of me, it bent down and extended a hand to help me up.
Truthfully, I was reluctant—even in whatever stage of death I was currently in.
However, curiosity bested my mistrust as I held out my hand, waiting for him to take it.
As our hands touched, the veil of shadow that had shrouded my mysterious helper disappeared.
I squeezed harder, realizing that the one I had locked hands with was Virion.
His hand was so warm. I wanted to reach out and embrace him, but my body wouldn’t listen. Instead, I remained on the ground with his hand on top of mine. He held my hand so gently, like a newborn chick, as if my fingers would crumble at the slightest pressure.
I wanted to grab ahold of him with my other hand, but again, I could not move.
“I never apologized to you...” he began, muttering softly about how he hadn’t stopped me, even when he realized what could happen to me. Virion’s voice, normally so bright and confident, cracked and wavered as he spoke.
I pried my gaze off of Virion’s hand and looked up at my old friend. His face was blurry, and I couldn’t make out where his eyes were focusing on, but for some reason, I could see the tears in his eyes so clearly.
Suddenly, Virion released his grip, and he was again shrouded in darkness. As he walked away, I shouted at him to come back, but my voice didn’t come out.
The featureless shadow that Virion had reverted into stopped momentarily and spoke again. It was hard to hear, and I couldn’t make out some of the words, but I was comforted by them nonetheless. I no longer tried to shout at him to come back and accepted his departure.
As his figure disappeared into the white abyss, the scene shifted to a memory that I had always taken comfort in came to life.
It was just after the end of the war between humans and elves. Both sides had tremendous losses and had agreed upon a treaty.
Virion, much younger at the time, was walking alongside me. The scene was exactly how I had remembered it, down to the field of wilted tulips that spread to our left.
As we walked down the paved path, my body moved on its own, but I didn’t mind.
“What do you plan on doing now that the war is over?” Virion asked, his gaze fixated ahead.
After the war was over, I had planned on quietly observing the state of the continent—that had been my duty after all. But since I couldn’t exactly tell the king of the elves that, I just shrugged mysteriously and hoped my charms would change the subject.
“I’ve known you for a few years now. Some of those years, we were enemies and some we weren’t, but out of these years, I kept thinking to myself one thing.” He held out a finger to emphasize his point.
“Oh?” My voice came out on its own. “And what was that? Your undying love for me?”

“Sorry, but no,” he chuckled. “Did you forget I’m married?”
“That hasn’t stopped any of the human nobles yet,” my shoulders shrugged to feign innocence.
“We elves are loyal,” he replied, shaking his head. “But I digress. What I thought was that you’d make a great mentor and inspiration. Hell, I could see you as some head of a prestigious academy, leading the upcoming youth to a greater future.”
“Well that came out of nowhere,” I responded, genuinely surprised. “What made you come to that conclusion?”
“A lot of things,” he winked. “But seriously, you should think about starting off as a teacher. I know you’ll grow to love it.”
“Maybe I’ll just open up an academy of my own.” My lips curled upward into a smirk. “I’ve taken a liking to Xyrus City.”
“An academy for mages atop a floating city,” he pondered. “I like it!”
My body stopped and I watched Virion as he continued walking. “Then what say we open the school together?”
Looking back over his shoulder, he stifled a laugh. “Yeah, and we can call it the Goodsky and Eralith School of Mages.”
I could feel my face flush from embarrassment.
“No, but maybe I’ll send my kids or perhaps my grandkids when they turn of age. That is, if your school is good enough for them,” he winked before turning back.
“I’m really going to make one, you know,” I huffed. “Just wait and see. Xyrus Academy will become the greatest institution for mages.”
“Xyrus Academy? In Xyrus City?” Virion tilted his head. “Not very original...”
“Well I can’t call it the Goodsky and Eralith School of Mages, now can I?” I retorted, puffing out my cheeks. “And you’ll be darn lucky if I let any of your descendants attend.”
“Ouch,” he chuckled. “Well, here’s hoping for the success of Xyrus Academy.” Virion raised an imaginary glass in his hand to a toast.
Seeing his joking expression, I kicked him in the shin, making him laugh aloud even more.
I remembered clearly wishing right then and there that this moment would never end. I also remembered the clear feelings of regret that I had not met this man sooner. Maybe if we had met earlier, my loyalty to my continent and to the Vritra could’ve wavered.
No. By this time, my heart had already wavered.
“I’m the one with the injured leg here,” Virion called out from ahead. “Hurry up.”
I stepped forward, hoping to catch up when a piercing pain bore a hole in my chest. The flower-filled scenery turned a shade of red. I looked down, finally having control over my body, only to see a black spike sticking out of me with my heart at the tip.
“Hurry up,” Virion called out again, this time from afar.
I reached out to him and called for him but I remained anchored by the pitch black spear jutting out of my chest.
As if the spear was reeling me back, the once pleasant scene I was reliving got sucked away from me. As my world faded into darkness, the sight of Virion walking away was the last thing I saw before a bone-chilling grip enveloped me. As I sunk deeper into the depths of the abyss pulling me in, I could’ve sworn I heard a childish voice apologize to me.
VIRION ERALITH’S POV:
A bloodcurdling scream jolted me awake. I didn’t know when I had fallen asleep, but my body immediately got up from my desk chair. Heading out of my study, I narrowly avoided a guard rushing in the direction of the shriek.
“C-Commander Virion,” he saluted, skidding to a stop.
“What is going on?” I looked around, watching the other guards all heading in one direction.
“I’m not sure, Commander. The scream seemed to have come from just a floor beneath.”
“There shouldn’t be anyone—Anna!” I gasped. The only occupied room just immediately below this level was Cynthia’s room, with Anna taking care of her.
The guard’s eyes widened as he turned and headed down. Immediately following behind, I pushed aside the horde of armored guards. Arthur’s family was just outside the door, but they were all staring inside. Everyone was staring inside.
Lifting my gaze, my eyes stopped at the scene just a few feet ahead.
“N-No,” I let out as I hobbled closer, unable to believe my eyes.
“H-How? Who?” I stammered, but Anna was just as shocked as she shook her head.
My head spun as the clutter of noise and murmurs around me became muffled. I took another step but my legs gave out underneath me and I stumbled against the bed
Cynthia Goodsky lay peacefully in bed, her arms by her side and a thin white sheet over her body. And out of her chest was a pitch-black spike jutting out, covered in blood. Covered in her blood.
An indiscernible howl ripped out of my throat as I sunk to my knees, clutching tightly at my old friend’s cold, lifeless hand.





Chapter 139
Chapter 139: Warring Premonitions</h3> <hr/>
“You’re clear, Nico. Hurry!” I whispered, looking over my shoulder in case someone passed by, since seeing two adolescent boys huddled up in front of a house door only spelled trouble.
“Just stay on guard, Grey. I think I’m close to unlocking it,” my dark-haired companion hissed back as he worked on the doorknob.
I watched in doubt as Nico fumbled with the hairpins he had stolen from one of the older girls into the keyhole. “Are you sure you can open it?”
“This is,” he said impatiently through gritted teeth, “a lot harder than that guy at the alleyway made it seem.”
Suddenly, the doorknob clicked and both our eyes brightened. “You did it!” I exclaimed in a loud whisper.
“Bow down to my powers!” Nico proclaimed, holding up the colorful hairpin he had used to pick the lock high in the hair.
I smacked him on the shoulder and pressed my finger to my lips. Nico shoved the hairpin back in his zippered pocket and nodded at me before we tiptoed in through the wooden door.
“And you made sure that the owners are out today?” I verified, scanning the meticulously furnished house.
“I scanned this house last week. Both the husband and wife go out at this time and don’t come back for another hour or so. We have plenty of time to grab a few things and go,” Nico answered, his eyes scanning for anything of value that we can stuff into a bag.
Letting out a deep breath, I reasoned to myself that it was necessary. Stealing from someone—however rich they were—didn’t sit right with me, but I had overheard the conversation between the orphanage headmaster and those government people. I was only able to hear a few comments but it seemed like our orphanage was in danger because we didn’t have enough money.
“This should be enough,” Nico nodded as we both looked inside the backpack we had brought.
“Now how are we going to get money for this?” I questioned. “We can’t exactly give Headmaster Wilbeck all of this jewelry.”
“Way ahead of you,” he smirked. “I found a guy willing to pay cash for anything he finds interesting.”
“And this ‘guy’ is okay buying off two twelve-year-olds?”
“He doesn’t ask questions, I don’t ask questions. Simple as that,” Nico shrugged as we headed out the door.
Taking the back route toward the back end of the city, we blended in with the crowd of people walking along the cracked sidewalk. Keeping our heads low and paces brisk, we veered left into an alleyway. Weaving through the piles of trash and stacked boxes of who knows what, we stopped in front of faded red door protected behind another gated metal door.
“We’re here,” Nico spoke as he motioned for the bag. Slipping it off my shoulders and handing it to him, my friend knocked the door four times in an unfamiliar rhythm.
Slicking his black hair and puffing his chest out, he let out a couple coughs and narrowed his eyes to appear more intimidating—as intimidating as any scrawny ten-year-old can be, anyway.
After a few seconds, a rangy old man in a worn-out suit came out from the other side of the red door. He stared down at us from behind the metal gate with a scrutinizing eye.
“Ah, the rather persistent child. I see you brought a friend,” he said, unwilling to open the gate.
Nico let out another cough to clear his voice. “I’ve brought some items you might have interest in.”
My friend spoke in a deeper tone than normal, but surprisingly, it didn’t sound fake. He opened the drawstring bag in his hands to show the lanky, narrow-eyed man a peek at some of the jewelry we had just stolen.
Raising a brow, the man unhinged the lock on the gate, opening it slightly with a shrill creak. As he scanned the area around us, he bent down to examine the bag. “Not a bad collection. Did you steal this from your mother, perhaps?”
“No questions, remember?” Nico reminded, tightening the string to close the bag. “Now can we come in and discuss prices?”
The thin man looked around once more with suspicion in his eyes but eventually let us in. “Close the door behind you.”
As we arrived inside the dainty shop, a thick layer of smoke greeted us. From the other side of the room, two men were puffing out clouds of smoke, each with a cigarette between their fingers. While the dense cloud of grey covered much of their facial features, I could at least distinguish their general shapes. One of the men was burly—muscles clearly displayed underneath his tank top. The other man was much more round, but with thick, firm limbs that showed he wasn’t any weaker than the other man.

“Come, children. Let’s get this over with,” the thin man said as he scratched his unshaven cheeks.
Nico and I exchanged glances but only he went up to the counter as I looked around the shelves displaying various books and gadgets.
After a few minutes, my gaze fell on a thin, tattered book. From the few words I could make out from the spine of the book, it seemed to be a rather old instruction manual on ki. Gingerly removing it from the shelf, the first thing that struck me was that half of the front cover had been ripped off.
My first instinct was to put it back; after all, the orphanage had books in much better condition on core developing for ki use. However, my fingers seemed to move on their own as they flipped through the pages. Inside it were pictures and diagrams of a person in different poses with arrows and other lines around the figure. I wanted to take it with me and was half tempted to ask for the price, but I held myself back. This book was a luxury when we needed the money to save our home.
As I continued my attempt at discerning the vague instructions, I lost interest, and my eyes kept falling back on the two men playing cards on the foldable table. The two had been taking glances at Nico as he and the shop owner did business. I buried my face in the old book, taking a peek from behind the pages. I wasn’t sure what they were up to, but I didn’t want to stay long enough to find out.
Fortunately, Nico had just finished his transaction and approached me, flashing a quick smirk before putting his stoic face back on.
“Did you find something interesting?” he asked, eyeing the book in my hand.
“It’s nothing,” I said, quickly putting the thin, coverless book back on the shelf.
“You can take it if you want,” the rangy store owner said from behind as he leaned his elbow on the front counter. “No one knows how to read it and it’s just been collecting dust here.”
“Really?” I asked, suspicion surfacing on my face.
He revealed his abnormally white teeth in something akin to a smile as he nodded.
Without another word, I quickly tucked the book in the bag and murmured a thanks to him. As Nico and I left the store through the back door we had entered from, my friend unzipped his jacket and showed me the wad of crinkled cash.
“See, I told you it’d all work out,” he beamed.
“I guess so,” I replied, still skeptical about this whole endeavor. I felt bad for the couple who lived there but I comforted myself in the fact that we didn’t take much of their jewelry. Nico explained that only taking a few items might make them suspicious, but they’d be hesitant in calling authorities for potential theft.
Also, since the married couple that lived there were well past their retirement age, the cops would most likely assume that they had just forgotten or misplaced the items. I let out a relieved sigh as we made our way back to the orphanage. The further we were away from the scene of the crime, the better I felt.
“What did I even come here for, Nico?” I asked, dodging people as we walked down the street. “Feels like you did this all on your own.”
“Hey, you got a free book out of this, right?” Nico patted my shoulder. “Besides, it’s more fun—”
“We’re being followed,” I cut in, whispering as I continued looking ahead. I had felt two pairs of eyes practically boring a hole in my back almost as soon as we had left the shop, but since we were going straight, I didn’t want to assume. However, I had been able to catch glimpse of one of the guys, and I instantly recognized him as one of the smokers from the shop.
“This way,” Nico ordered in a hushed tone.
As we reached the outskirts of the city, we took a right into an alleyway, hopping on top of a trashcan to reach the other side of the locked fence.
I landed nimbly on my feet as Nico clawed out at the fence to keep from losing balance as he fell to his feet. Quickly, we ran down the old alley that smelled like a mixture of rat turd and rotten eggs. Hiding behind a particularly large pile of trash, we waited.
Soon, two pairs of footsteps could be heard, growing louder as they approached.
“Little rats made it easy for us,” a hoarse voice snickered.
“A fitting grave for them,” a gravelly voice replied.
“It’s the two men from the shop!” Nico cursed as he quickly hid behind the trash again after taking a peek.
“I knew it,” I clicked my tongue as my eyes began scanning for anything I could use as a weapon.
“They’re probably here to either get the shop owner’s money back for him, or to steal it for themselves,” Nico deduced, clutching the money in his jacket tightly.
Suddenly, a darkened figure leaped out from the other side of the pile of trash we were hiding behind, casting a giant shadow over us.

“Surprise!” the barrel-chested thug exclaimed with a sinister grin.
“Run!” I screamed at Nico, pushing my friend forward.
He had no time to retort as he briskly made his way down the narrow alleyway darkened by the tall buildings around us.

As the muscular man swung his beefy hand, I back-stepped out of reach. The sharp air from the force of his strike tickled my nose as I immediately reached down and swung a broken plank I had spotted on the floor just below his ribs.
The burly man buckled, more from surprise than pain. I used that chance to bolt toward Nico, who was getting chased by the burly thug’s round companion. But before I could get there, the man smacked Nico to the ground, knocking the wind out of my friend.
As Nico gasped for breath, the pumpkin-bodied goon lifted his right leg over my friend’s body.
“Over here, pig!” I roared, hoping the provocation would make him turn.
“Whaddya say?” the thug snarled, turning around to face me.
I didn’t stop running as the brawny thug approached from behind. My mind whirled, thinking of possible ways to get out of this situation despite how hopeless it seemed.
My eyes darted around until they fell onto the sight of a loose nail stuck inside a brick of a building’s wall nearby, about almost three meters off the ground.
Cursing once more under my breath, I feigned to my right just before the musclehead behind me could make a grab. Sidestepping without even glancing back, I leaped up, hoping to reach the nail.
As my body shot up, for some reason, everything around me turned silent. The world around me slowed as I could hear my heart thumping erratically, as if every other noise had been tuned out.
I realized mid-jump that I wouldn’t be able to reach the nail, but I was surprisingly calm. My peripheral view all came into focus as if I was looking at everything around me all at once. Utilizing a deep crack in one of the lower bricks, I sprung myself off to reach the rusted nail.
As I pried out the nail, I pushed off the wall with my feet to accelerate towards the hefty thug. I could slowly see the man’s expression change from surprise to grim concentration. I could clearly see his right arm about to intercept my attack somehow, just from seeing the twitch in his right shoulder.
I used my free hand to vault off of his right arm as it formed an arc toward me. In that same instant, I jabbed the nail in my hand directly into his eye—even feeling the sensation of the tip burying itself inside.
At the shrill howl of the chunky goon, the world came back to normal. I tumbled gracelessly into a pile of old boxes as my opponent frantically clawed at his face, too afraid to go near the nail in his left eye.
“Come on,” I urged, pulling the wide-eyed Nico back up to his feet. I looked back once more to spot the muscular thug trying to tend to his friend’s injury to no avail.
Out of breath and sweating out of every pore in my body, we collapsed behind a local convenience store just outside the city.
As we leaned against the wall, too tired to care about how many drunks and homeless people vomited and peed here, Nico ripped off his jacket and lifted up his shirt to cool himself off.
“That is what you came here for,” he panted, smacking my thigh. “Oh man, if only you could’ve seen yourself, Grey! Your body flew around like those kings fighting in duels!”
I shook my head, still trying to catch my breath. “I don’t know what I did. Everything just started moving really slow.”
“I knew you had it in you!” my friend breathed. “Remember that time Pavia dropped all those dishes next to you?”
“Yeah. I caught them, why?”
“You caught three dishes and two bowls, Grey!” Nico exclaimed. “And you weren’t even paying attention when she had dropped them.”
“I mean, catching something is one thing, but that has nothing to do with fighting,” I argued, sagging further down against the wall.
“You’ll realize soon,” he replied, too tired to keep disputing. “Now let’s go, I don’t want to be doing extra chores for being out past sundown!”
“Let’s go,” I agreed, jogging alongside him.

We arrived at the old, two-story house that served as the orphanage just a bit before dinner—plenty of time to wash up and be on-time without looking suspicious. Nico slowly opened the back door, wincing as the old hinge began creaking. Keeping the lights off, we tiptoed down the unlit hallway, and just as we were about to reach our rooms, the orphanage’s headmaster’s clear voice called out from the living room.
“Grey, Nico. Can you come here for a moment?” she said in a quiet yet frighteningly stern voice.
Nico and I traded glances, fear evident in both of our eyes. Nico quickly threw his jacket and drawstring bag into the room and closed back the door.
“Do you think she already found out?” I whispered.
“I’d normally say it’d be impossible, but it’s headmaster we’re talking about,” Nico replied, his normally confident demeanor shadowed by dread.
We arrived in the brightly lit living room, our clothes dirty and our hair and face unruly.
Sitting in perfect posture on the couch was our headmaster, an elderly woman all the kids called the Sorceress. Just next to her was a girl about our age with dusty brown hair that fell over her shoulders and a creamy complexion. She wore a luxurious red dress that not even the money we had just acquired could purchase.
The headmaster regarded us with a raised brow but didn’t question our disheveled state. Gently grabbing ahold of the unfamiliar girl’s tiny hand, the two of them walked toward us.
As the two approached, I couldn’t help but shiver at the cold, emotionless eyes of the girl as she lifted her gaze to match mine.
“Grey. Nico.” The headmaster nudged the brown-haired girl softly. “I’d like you two to meet Cecilia. You three are the same age, so I hope you can show her around and become friends.”
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
My eyes opened as if I had just blinked, yet it felt like I had been sleeping for days. I sat up in my bed, a mixture of feelings weighing down my shoulders.
‘Why was this memory coming to me again after so long?’ I thought. My insides twisted in guilt at the thought of Nico and Cecilia.
“Is everything all right?” Sylvie asked, curled up in her miniature form at the foot of my bed.
“Yeah, I’m fine,” I lied, running my fingers through my long, messy hair that now passed my chin.
The dream had been so clear and accurate that it had felt like I was back on Earth in my previous life.
I remained dazed, unable to get out of bed, when someone knocked at the door of my room.
“Come in,” I answered, thinking it was either my parents or my sister. However, a man that appeared to be in his late twenties, dressed in black clothes underneath a thin leather armor used by scouts, came in. He dipped his head in a respectful bow before relaying a message.
“General Leywin, the meeting place of the Alacryan messenger has been decided. Commander Virion has asked me to inform you to get ready to meet with the messenger along with him and Lord Aldir.”
“Got it. I’ll be out in ten minutes,” I replied, getting out of bed.
“Shall I send over a maid to help you get ready?” he asked.
I shook my head. “No need.”
“Very well.” The man left after another bow, closing the door behind him.
After quickly washing up, I tied back my hair at the crown of my head, leaving my bangs to fall just past my forehead. With my hair tied neatly and my body clothed in a fine white tunic trimmed with gold to compliment the dark mantle I wore over it, I looked like a very dashing noble. I was still unused to the tightness of the pants in this world but I had to admit that it offered great mobility and freedom when fighting.
“A rather dapper appearance for one about to fight in a war,” Virion remarked as I approached him and Aldir with Sylvie right beside me. While Aldir’s wardrobe practically lit up from the amount of gold and gems it contained, Virion wore a simple black robe as he was still in mourning over Director Cynthia’s murder.
“Thanks,” I winked, smoothing my sleeve.
Only a few days had passed since that day, but Virion appeared to have aged a century during that time.
By the signature black metal spike jutting out of Cynthia’s chest, it was obvious that the assassination was done by one that possessed the powers of the Vritra Clan. It was unlikely that an actual clan member had performed the attack since that would jeopardize the no-asura agreement in the war, but that didn’t mean one of their descendants couldn’t have done it.
The only question that ate at my—and Virion’s—mind was how they had done it. According to the guards and the nurse in her care, nobody had seen anyone leave or enter the floor and the door that had been closed and locked hadn’t been tampered with either. Everything but one fact remained a mystery; that somehow, the Vritra was involved.
“The ships are about a day away from reaching our shore, Arthur. Are you ready to meet this messenger?” Virion asked.
“Are you ready?” I asked back, genuinely concerned. “You’re not going to kill the messenger, right?”
Revealing a faint smile, Tessia’s grandfather shook his head.
Aldir stepped forward in front of the glowing teleportation gate. “Good, then let us depart.”





Chapter 140
Chapter 140: Ultimatum</h3> <hr/>
Scenes of the memories I thought I had forgotten flashed in my head at every blink, haunting me in broad daylight as we prepared to make our way to the designated location where we would meet with the messenger.
‘Are you okay, Arthur?’ Sylvie’s concern touched my mind.
‘I’m fine, Sylv. Other than the fact that you call me by my name now,’ I replied, scratching her small ears.
‘Grandfather said that it’s important that I uphold the dignity of the dragons.’ My bond held her tiny snout up high, she sauntering beside me as we came out of the teleportation gate that Aldir had conjured.
We just had arrived near a small fishing town called Slore more than a dozen miles south of Etistin.
‘Well, I can’t say you weren’t cuter before when you used to call me “Papa,”’ I smirked.
‘Don’t worry. I still see you as my papa!’ she comforted, rubbing her side against my leg as we walked.
“I still don’t feel right about doing this meeting without any backup,” Virion said warily.
We were in a small clearing on a rise just above the town of Slore. The occasional moist breeze carried with it a strong smell of the sea, making me sticky despite the frigid air.
“If this messenger has the audacity to act against us, I will have every right to intervene,” Aldir assured, a slight smirk appearing from his lax expression as his single opened eye stared straight ahead.
“With the way the Vritra’s side has been planning everything—breeding asura half-bloods, creating mutants with our continent’s mana beasts, and now the ships—I can’t imagine how long Agrona has been planning this. And I can’t shake the feeling that this war is more of a game to him than some passionate endeavor.”
“If Agrona was so easy to predict, he never would’ve gotten this far,” Aldir acknowledged reluctantly. “Since he, like all the other asuras residing in this world, is prohibited to participate in this war directly, he’s been coming up with ways to go around that by being the almighty hand that moves his chess pieces—at least for his side.”
“And who is the almighty hand that moves the pieces for our side?” Virion asked with a raised brow.
“You are the one leading this war, are you not?” Aldir reminded.
Virion shrugged skeptically. “That’s what I tell myself at night.”
“All right,” I intervened. “Is this the meeting place?”
“Of course not,” Virion let out a sigh, tying back his long white hair.

“This is the farthest I can take us before we traverse to our real destination,” Aldir clarified. “Our destination is in the middle of the ocean.”
“Lead the way,” I gestured.
Aldir’s feet slowly rose from the ground as a milky aura covered both him and Virion. Soon, the aura lifted Virion into the air as well. Virion’s lips shut tight as every muscle in his body tensed like a cat picked up by its scruff.
As the two of them shot up above the clouds, Sylvie suddenly scampered towards the edge of the cliff.
‘Jump!’ Sylvie chirped as she suddenly leaped off the edge.
Without a second thought, I followed my bond. As I propelled myself up off the steep edge, I took the time to admire the hawkeye view of the bustling town directly below me.
Just as my body began to descend, Sylvie’s massive figure appeared below, scooping me up from the air with a snap of her powerful wings. I patted the base of her long, black neck as we sped through the clouds.
‘Sylvie, did you gain weight?’ I joked, spotting the two tiny figures of Aldir and Virion ahead of us.
‘That joke is getting old, you know,’ Sylvie grumbled.
‘Not to me.’ I let out a refreshing whoop at the top of my lungs that was blown away by the harsh wind slicing against us as we sped faster.
Sylvie stayed a few dozen meters behind Aldir as we surfed the top of the clouds. This far up in the sky, the only sound that could be heard was the sharp whistle of air around us, making the journey peaceful despite the purpose of our trip.
As I stared in a daze at the blue and white scene around us, my mind wandered back to Epheotus after I had just finished my training. The brusque king of asuras had wanted to see me before I headed back to Dicathen. That was the second encounter I had had with Lord Indrath, and also the moment I realized who Myre was.
The elderly asura that had healed me and taught me how to read spells using Realmheart had been seated right next to the stone-faced Lord Indrath with an amused grin on her now-youthful face.
As I stood speechlessly with my mouth ajar, Lord Indrath beckoned me with a simple, “I’m sure you remember my wife, Myre.”
Needless to say, the meeting hadn’t gone as I had thought it would. For one, Lord Indrath had been much less critical this time compared to the first time we had met; he’d even—barely—acknowledged my improvement, although he had added that if I hadn’t learned with Myre’s help, then I would’ve been a lost cause.
Before leaving, Lord Indrath had left me with one piece of advice. What was odd was that he had activated his aether ability, freezing time for everyone present—even his wife—except for the two of us. As I stared blankly at the king of the asuras as Myre, Sylvie, and the guards remained static, he had left me with a cryptic message:
‘It’s wisest to close your heart to the elf princess’
That was all he had said before withdrawing his powers and having the guards escort Sylvie and me back to Windsom and Wren who were waiting for us outside.
‘We’re almost here,’ Sylvie announced, snapping me back to the present.
Aldir and Virion had stopped above the clouds, waiting for us to catch up.

“I’m sure I don’t need to say this to you but I will anyway. No one knows how much the Vritra actually know so it’d be wise to keep your true strength hidden during this meeting.” Aldir’s voice rang uncomfortably in my ear as if he was whispering right next to me.
“What about Sylvie?” I shouted, unsure if Aldir would even hear me.
“Lady Sylvie will have to transform back into her miniature from,” Aldir answered. “I will carry you down, Arthur.”

‘I’ll lay low for now, but I’m not going to stay hidden during the war. If I want to protect you, it’ll be so with you on my back,’ Sylvie declared as she turned into her white fox form.
Not long after I began free-falling, Aldir dipped underneath Sylvie and me, wrapping us in the same aura that was covering Virion.
As we fell beneath the layer of clouds below us, plummeting through the blanket of white, the moisture in the air dampened our clothes, until we spotted the shimmering ocean gently rippling in all directions.
Despite the phenomenal view of the never-ending stretch of water, my gaze instantly focused on the dark specks littered across the ocean to my right. About a few dozen miles north, I could see the fleet of Alacryan ships heading toward the shore near Etistin City, the capital of Sapin.
‘Look below,’ Sylvie pointed out. Floating on top on of the ocean was a pitch-black platform about the size of a small house.
As we descended just a few dozen meters above Virion and Aldir, I could make out two small figures that had blended in with the platform they had been standing on from afar.
Suddenly, a shiver ran down my spine. Every hair on my body stood on end, and I could feel my heart beating faster the closer we arrived toward the platform.
“They’re there,” I said aloud to no one in particular. “But I don’t think they’re ordinary messengers.”
Arriving atop the platform with a soft landing, the three of us with Sylvie behind me walked toward the center, my jaws clenching at the sight of the two supposed messengers.
By the familiar pale grey skin tone and striking red eyes, I knew they had to be part of the Vritra Clan.
“Welcome to our humble abode,” the taller of the two sneered, his lanky arms spread wide open.
Virion narrowed his eyes. “We assumed that we’d be meeting with a messenger. That position seems to be beneath both of you.”
“I’m flattered, but at this moment we are mere messengers!” he replied with an exaggerated smile while his companion remained silent.
Examining the two Vritras separately, despite their ancestry and blood, the two couldn’t be more different. The one on my left stood just a bit taller than me with a ramrod straight posture. The Vritra had deep-set eyes underneath heavy lids, giving a mysteriously charming quality to his stern face. With his neatly-cropped head of ash black hair and his tight-fitting black armor underneath a lavish purple cape, the Vritra looked like someone out of every female’s dreams if it weren’t for the pair of horns jutting out just above his ears.
The other Vritra—the one that had been talking—stood well over two meters, towering over everyone here despite his hunched posture. His long, thin arms dangled by his sides as though his arms had popped out of their sockets. This Virtra didn’t wear armor; instead, his body was wrapped completely in thick dark bandages underneath a shabby black mantle that perched on his shoulders. Messy bangs peeked out from underneath his tattered hood, accentuating his peculiar appearance.

This was my first time face to face with a Vritra, so I was surprised to see how much smaller the horns of the Vritra wearing the purple cape was compared to the Vritra that had attacked Sylvia in the cave during my childhood. However, the fact that I couldn’t sense the level that these two messengers were meant they were either purposely hiding their auras or were just that much stronger than I was.
“I am Cylrit and this is Uto. It is an honor to meet you, Aldir. We retainers have heard much about the famous asuras in Epheotus.” As if Virion and I didn’t exist, Cylrit’s gaze locked onto Aldir’s, but even that wasn’t out of respect. “I trust that you will uphold the pact and remain a noncombatant?”
I couldn’t help but be surprised at how casually he had mentioned that he was a retainer. That meant that he was one of the leading figures in this war that were actually allowed to fight—just beneath the Four Scythes.
“Assuming that your side will do the same? Then yes,” Aldir answered, his stare just as piercing as Cylrit’s.
“It’s a shame. I wanted to try fighting an asura, but I guess I’ll have to settle for slaughtering a few thousand of you lessers,” the Vritra named Uto spat, locking his eyes on me.
The lanky Vritra took a step toward me, craning his neck down with a sneer. “I get why Mr. One-Eye and Grampa Elf are here but I didn’t expect to see the boy wonder, Arthur Leywin, gracing us with his presence.”
I wasn’t sure how the Vritras had heard of me, but I maintained my cool facade. “I could say the same for you. To what pleasure do we owe the retainers for showing their faces here?”
“Like Cylrit said, we just didn’t want to send an innocent messenger to get captured and tortured for information. Because that’s what I’d do.” Uto’s slanted red eyes peered into me, searching for signs of fear or anger.
Instead, I returned his provocation with a smirk. “I can’t wait to find you on the battlefield.”
He replied with a murderous gaze, his lips spreading into a wicked grin. “Why wait? I love slicing through children’s flesh the most.”
“Uto! Enough,” Cylrit reprimanded.
“What?” Uto shrugged innocently. “Mr. One-Eye here can’t touch us anyway.”
“Neither would I want to touch any filthy lessurans,” Aldir answered apathetically as he peered into the lanky Vritra’s eyes. “Now. Since we didn’t come here to exchange frivolities, get on with your message and disappear from my sight.”
By the slight twitch in Uto’s brows, I could tell his attempt at provoking Aldir had backfired. However, before the lanky Vritra had the chance to respond, Cylrit stretched an arm in front of Uto to stop him.
“The message that His Majesty has tasked me to deliver to the leaders of Dicathen is simply this: Surrender the ruling family and mercy will be given to those who deserve it. Continue resistance and our army will eradicate everyone on this without discretion,” Cylrit recited, his gaze still only on Aldir.
“You call those terms?” Virion burst out. “That’s a one-sided ultimatum!”
Uto revealed a cocky sneer as he dipped his head lower to be eye-level with Virion. “Be thankful you even have the choice. Don’t worry. If you decide on the first option, I promise to be extra gentle when slicing off your head.”
Cylrit stared daggers at his companion. “We weren’t sent here to incite a fight, Uto.”
“That was never my intention, just a friendly warning of the upcoming battle,” the lanky Vritra replied but then turned to Virion with a perverse grin.“I hope to meet you and your granddaughter, Elf King. I’ll make sure to enjoy myself thoroughly as you helplessly watch.”
Disregarding Aldir’s warning, I stepped forward, ready to draw the sword in my dimension ring, but in that instant, Virion moved first.
In a flash, his fist made contact with Uto’s jaw. Tessia’s grandfather had already activated his second phase, a shroud of black covering his entire body and head, but I could still make out the rage in his eyes.
Uto’s head immediately snapped back at the blow, lifting him off the ground and blowing off the hood that had been covering his head.
“That kinda tickled,” the lanky Vritra growled, cracking his neck. Uto’s nose jutted out at a weird angle, but my eyes were glued to his horns.
It wasn’t the shape or the size of his horns that had stunned me.
No, it was the familiar chip on his left horn. The chip that the Lance, Alea, had made with her dying breath.





Chapter 141
Chapter 141: What War Means For Everyone</h3> <hr/>
The haunting images of Alea’s bloody corpse, limbs brutally severed and core destroyed, flooded my mind as I stared at the chip in Uto’s left horn.
Any form of inhibition that had kept me from killing the Vritra had disappeared as I advanced towards Uto.
“Was it you?” I asked, my voice dripping with malice as I approached Uto.
Sylvie’s concern seeped into my head from behind, but it was no use.
Each step forward I took, the self-control that had kept me from remaining neutral during this meeting faded. Mana surged out of my body like a storm, shocking the Vritras and snapping Virion from his outrage.
“Were you the one that killed Alea?” I went on, taking another step.
“What was that, pup?” Uto snapped, his eyes furrowed in impatience.
“The lance in the dungeon that had all of her limbs cut off before dying,” I clarified, my voice icy. “Was it you?”
“Ahh,” the Vritra voiced, his lips curling upward.
Just by the tone of his voice, I already knew the answer. Taunting Virion and using his granddaughter as fuel was one thing but the fact that he was the one responsible for Alea’s horrible torture and death now gave gravity to his threats.
He had to die.
“That pretty little elf? What if it was me, brat?” Uto smirked.
I opened my mouth to respond, but Aldir gave me no chance to act on my impulses, appearing in front of me with a stern gaze. “This is what he wants you to do. Don’t let him provoke you.”
I let out a deep breath. Of course I knew Uto was provoking us on purpose—anyone with half a brain could see that. As for whether it was with forethought or because he was just that impulsive, I had a feeling it was both.

Swallowing the bitter taste in my mouth, I ignored Uto. Facing Cylrit, I asked, “Was there anything else that needed to be discussed? Or was that predictable threat all that you came here to say?”
“You will be given two days to decide,” Cylrit answered callously. “If the three royal families of Dicathen have not been offered by then, we will take that as your answer.”
I looked back at Virion who had finally gathered himself.
“We’ll show ourselves out,” Virion shot with a glare as he casually smoothed over the creases on his robe.
As I turned around to leave with Virion and Aldir, Uto’s voice rang from behind.
“You should’ve heard her scream,” he laughed chillingly. “Almost made me want to not kill her; keep her alive so I could continue making her scream, you know?”
I could feel my blood flowing faster as I stepped toward the edge of the platform, head pounding.
Aldir caught my gaze as he prepared to lift me up with his aura but I stopped him. Imbuing both ice, lightning, and wind attribute mana into my palm, I raised my arm and whipped around to face Uto.
The thin translucent beam of fused elements pierced through the narrow gap between the two Vritras, creating a crackling gale in its path. As the ray shot past them and into the water, the ocean split from the force of my spell. The waves instantly froze over before a current of electricity shattered the ice into shards of sparkling glass.
I could see Uto’s expression slowly crumple into that of doubt and shock while even Cylrit’s cold face showed surprise as the shower of ice shards rained down on us.
“Whether or not we decide to go forth with the war, I really hope to meet you again, Uto.” I turned back around as the shadowy platform we had been standing on convulsed.
As Aldir lifted Virion, Sylvie and me into the air, I held back the urge to turn back around. Staring at Virion’s face, lined with worry and frustration, I could tell he was thinking about the Vritra’s words.
“You’re not really considering their offer, right?” I asked as we ascended above the clouds.
“No, but if they were to keep true to their word, imagine how many innocent lives will be saved,” Virion said, the creases between his brows thickening.
I couldn’t help but scoff. “That’s a big if to be sacrificing you and your family’s lives for.”
“Arthur’s right,” Aldir chimed in. “You know what becomes of the world under the Vritra’s rule. Even Epheotus won’t be safe from harm if Agrona is able to populate two continents with races mixed with his blood. It’ll be a matter of a few generations before they strike against the rest of the asuras as well.”

“I know,” Virion sighed. “I’m not looking forward to the protests that’ll undoubtedly form from my choice, though.”
“You’re going to tell everyone?” I asked, surprised.
Tess’s grandfather nodded solemnly. “Trust is a fickle serpent; laboriously gained yet so easily lost. It’s necessary for the leader to be trusted by his people but how much do you think they’ll trust me after realizing that I’m basically using their lives as a gambling token?”

“Not much,” I admitted, still reluctant toward the idea. I wouldn’t question Virion’s decisions, though. As far as leading went, he had much more experience than I had, even with both lives under my belt.
I could offer a different perspective, but ultimately, I trusted his choices, as did Aldir. When the asura had first come to Dicathen, killing off the Greysunders’ in one sweep as soon as he had arrived, I figured he would try and control Virion like some sort of puppeteer in the background. However, Aldir simply protected and advised Virion, never forcing him to take action. This said a lot about the respect the asura had for him.
As we flew back to the western shore, Virion coordinated plans with a mental transmission artifact for the public speaking that would supposedly take place tomorrow.
Just from the bits and pieces of the conversation I managed to pick up from Virion murmuring into the artifact, it seemed like all the major figures in the war would be present at the speech. The lances, the royal members of the three races, and other influential noble families were to be gathered and stand beside Virion as he made his speech as a sign of respect.
We arrived back at the circular room in the castle through the teleportation gate in just a couple hours. Before exiting the bland brick chamber, Virion patted my back.
“Get some rest, Arthur. Lord Aldir and I will handle the rest from here,” the white-haired elf said with a tired smile.
“I can help,” I protested. “There’s a lot you guys need to plan if the announcement is to be made tomorrow, right?”
“Let me worry about that,” he rejected. “Your family is here, right now, waiting for you. I’m afraid that after the true war begins, the amount of time you will be able to spend with your loved ones will be limited.”
“Listen to Virion,” Aldir agreed. “Judging by your little parting gift to those lessurans earlier, you’ve prepared your body. Now, use this time to prepare your mind and heart.”
Tired and dirty from the journey, I didn’t protest any further, and we went our separate ways. The living quarters in the castle were on the upper floors, where I was headed now. No matter how many times I came to this castle, it was impossible for me to imagine how large this floating structure must be to accommodate almost a hundred people while still having space for luxurious amenities.
Walking up the flights of stairs with Sylvie silently scampering behind me, I thought about how everyone’s life would change during this war. Until now, the battles have been isolated past the Grand Mountains, never reaching civilization. There hadn’t been any civilian casualties, only military ones. But once the ships landed on the western border, that would all change, and for the ignorant civilians, it would come as a surprise to them.
I feared how the normal inhabitants—the non-nobles—would take Virion’s announcement. At best, they would reluctantly accept, but at worst, protests would arise, and the citizens that the soldiers of Dicathen were trying to protect would betray us for the blind hope that the Alacryan forces would let them live if they cooperated.

I exited the stairway on the fourth flight and made my way down the wide corridor lit warmly by orbs mounted on both walls. The corridor branched off into narrower hallways with doors every few feet or so.
“How do you suppose we find our parents, Sylv?” I asked, veering right into a random hallway in hopes of running into someone that would know.
“Searching for mana signatures seems over the top here and would probably alarm some of the mages,” Sylvie chimed. “How about knocking on every door until we find someone that can tell us?”
I took another right at a path and ventured further down until a familiar sight caught my eye. A wide archway led to a patio garden outside of the castle. I never thought I’d see such an open deck on a flying castle but the vast orange sky of a beautiful sunset, dimmed by the transparent barrier surrounding it, illuminated the area. Playing on the neatly-kept grass lawn were groups of children, some sparring with friends, others simply chasing each other.
What made me stop was the sight of the towering dark-brown bear playing amidst the scampering children. I spotted an uncomfortable Ellie just beside her bond, talking to some blond-haired boy her age.
Puffed out chest, chin held high, a fake smile that didn’t reach his eyes... If I didn’t know any better, I’d say he was trying to flirt with my precious sister.
“Stick him, Sylv. Make him scream like a castrato,” I grinned evilly.
My vicious bond scampered to my sister, asking me in my head what a castrato was, when Ellie’s mana beast picked up the blond boy by the back of his collar and flung him away.
The bear—I think Boo was his name—and I locked eyes for a brief second. I gave him a stern, approving nod as I raised my right thumb.
Boo responded with a furry thumb’s up as well, still seated next to my sister, and it was at that moment that I felt that Boo wouldn’t be such a bad companion for my sister after all.
“Sylvie?” Ellie exclaimed when she noticed the little white fox scampering towards her. Looking up, her face lit up when she saw me. “Brother?”
The children—all nobles that had come here for safety—whipped their heads, dropping whatever they had been doing. Some of the parents nearby, seated on the patio chairs talking to one another, turned around to look at me.
As I walked toward my sister, I could feel everyone’s eyes following me. Ellie scooped up Sylvie and embraced her tightly before looking back up at me. “Brother, you’re back already?”
“Yup,” I smiled, glancing around at the onlookers. Dipping my head, I whispered into my sister’s ear. “Why are they all staring at me?”
“There’s not a noble in Dicathen that doesn’t know who Arthur Leywin is,” she giggled. “You should see how those nobles treat me.”
“So that’s what it was. I thought I had done something wrong to your friends here.” I let out a relieved chuckle. Turning to Boo, who remained seated on his hind legs, I raised my hand. “Good to see you, Boo!”
The giant mana beast responded with a low grunt and received my hand with a large paw.
“When did you two get so close?” Ellie marveled.
“Men with common objectives tend to bond fast,” I answered, the two of us nodding at each other once more.
“What? No—never mind—that’s not important. It’s good that you’re here right now. You’ve got to stop them,” Ellie amended, shaking her head.
“What? Stop who from what?” I could hear the worry in her voice. Ellie pulled me back out of the patio, away from the other children and parents as her eyes nervously darted left and right.
“It’s Mom and Dad,” she said solemnly. “They’ve decided to join the war.”





Chapter 142
Chapter 142: Unexpectedly</h3> <hr/>
Leaving Sylvie with my sister, I made my way to my parents’ room. I strode down the corridor, my gait growing faster with each step as I arrived in front of the door labeled “Leywin Family.”
I took a deep breath to steady my nerves. The thought of what Ellie said, that my parents really planned to take part in the war, filled me with unease. A dull thud resounded as I knocked on the wooden door.
“It’s open,” the warm voice of my mother chimed from the other side.
The hinges creaked as I turned the knob and slid the door open. Bags lay open on the floor with clothes folded neatly beside them. I stepped inside and looked around to find my father polishing his gauntlets, a set of chainmail armor spread out beside him. My mother, who had been walking toward the door to greet their visitor, stopped when she saw me. She masked her surprise with a sullen smile while my father dropped his gaze as soon as he saw my expression.
“So it’s true,” I muttered, picking up a polished shin brace beside my father.
“Son.” My father put down the gauntlet and rag but remained seated.
“We weren’t expecting you back so soon,” my mother added, taking another step toward me.
“Were you planning on leaving without saying anything to me?” I asked, my gaze still focused on the shin brace in my hand.
“Of course not. But we wanted to finish preparing before you got back.” My mother lifted her hand, hesitating just a bit before she placed it on my shoulder.
A mixture of feelings welled up in me as I squeezed tightly at the metal armor—confusion as to why they had suddenly decided to fight, irritation that they hadn’t even bothered to discuss this decision with me, and anger that they’d be willing to risk their lives when Ellie was barely twelve.
I finally pried my gaze off of my hands and looked at my father. “I thought you guys were going to wait until after Ellie got older before joining the war.”
“Commander Virion advised us to stay until Ellie was older or until you came,” my father said, his gaze firm.
“I don’t believe that you guys suddenly decided to fight in the war just because I came back,” I replied doubtfully.
“We didn’t,” my mother answered, her hand squeezing my shoulder more tightly.
“I just got a transmission from Helen.” My father stood up, his gaze unusually vicious as he tested out his gauntlets. “They were attacked in a dungeon as everyone was getting ready to leave. They stayed back to buy some time for the younger soldiers to escape, but...”
“But?” I echoed. My father, Reynolds Leywin, the man who had always endured any hardships with an optimistic smile, looked up with an icy venom in his eyes. “Adam didn’t make it.”
“No,” I shook my head. “That’s impossible. I was there just yesterday. I was the one that cleared the dungeon and killed the mutant holed up inside.”
My father nodded solemnly. “Apparently after you left, as everyone prepared to depart, another horde of mana beasts led by a mutant attacked them. Helen thinks that the bottom floor of the first dungeon was connected to another dungeon.”
“The fight was a mess because no one had been expecting a battle. The Twin Horns and some other veteran soldiers stayed and bought some time for everyone else,” my mother continued. “Luckily, the mutant was only B class, but because its army was larger and caught them off guard, there were more deaths than necessary... including Adam’s.”
A barren silence lingered in the room after my mother finished speaking. I couldn’t believe that someone I had just seen yesterday was dead. Suddenly, a sinking realization made me bolt upright; Tess had been in that dungeon!
“Who else died?” I asked. Despite my concern, I didn’t want to seem insensitive of Adam’s death by asking if Tess was okay.
“That was all I was able to hear from Helen. It was an emergency transmission so the message was rather short, but seeing as she didn’t include anyone else, I figured the others that died were soldiers we didn’t know,” my father added with a sigh. “Although Commander Virion probably knows more now since some time has passed.”
Helen would’ve surely mentioned if something had happened to Tess, but it still made me uneasy, to say the least.

“I’m sorry about what happened to Adam,” I consoled my father. Adam wasn’t my favorite of the Twin Horns as I had found his quick temper and cynical sarcasm to be distasteful, but he had been loyal. Underneath his impatient and cranky exterior had been a trustworthy comrade that stood by my parents’ sides while they were in the Twin Horns.
I could now see why the atmosphere surrounding my father was so heavy.
“Don’t misunderstand, Arthur. We’re not doing this out of guilt—a soldier’s life is always in danger,” my father said.
“Even still,” I said, shaking my head.
I knew I was being unreasonable. My father had every right to fight the battles he chose. But it was my own selfishness of wanting to keep the ones I loved safe that made me want to try.
It didn’t matter what level your core was or how knowledgeable you were about mana manipulation. No matter how much you strengthened your body or heavily you equipped yourself, death could come at any moment in a battle; no matter how strong I became, I firmly believed that. Yet, my father was willing to risk his and my mother’s lives when it wasn’t only unnecessary, but reckless.
“Arthur, it’s not his fault,” my mother consoled. “I’m the one that wants to go back to the Twin Horns and help out in the war.”
“What?” I blurted, completely taken by surprise. “You want to go to war?”
She nodded. “Yes.”
“B-But you can’t,” I turned to my father, bewilderment practically written on my face. “I mean, Dad said you avoid using magic because something happened in the past. Why now...?”
My mother cast a glance at my father, who dipped his head in a solemn nod. “Arthur, sit down.”
I obeyed, taking a seat at the foot of the bed as my mother gathered her thoughts.
“What else did my hus—your father tell you?” She eyed me guiltily as she amended her words but I didn’t take it to heart. She had told me to give her time to accept who I was and I could tell that with her being overly mindful, she was trying.
“That’s about all he told me,” I said. “He said the rest was to be told by you when you were ready.”
“What we never told you, Arthur, about the Twin Horns, was that there was actually one more member.”
My brows furrowed as I glanced over to my father, who remained silent.
“Her name was Lensa, a talented and young augmenter at the time,” my mother continued.
She went on telling me a story of a very bright and hopeful mage that had joined the Twin Horns shortly after my father had brought in a young Alice from Valden City. My mother’s eyes glazed over as she described how she and Lensa had hit it off immediately, Lensa’s brash and straightforwardness meshing well with my mother’s timidity. Lensa had done well for herself as an adventurer even without the help of a party, to the point where she was already fairly well-known. So when she had asked the Twin Horns if she could join their party, it came as a surprise to everyone.
My mother closed her eyes and paused for a breath. “It had only been about two years since she joined when the accident occurred.”
My brows furrowed in apprehension as I imagined what sort of accident had transpired, when my mother faintly smiled. “It isn’t some dramatic calamity that befell us; not everyone’s life is as exciting as yours is.”
Embarrassed, I let out an uncomfortable laugh as I scratched my cheek.
“We had gotten careless and ran into an ambush by a pack of stingers. None of us had sustained any major injuries and I thought very little of it as I healed everyone’s surface wounds.” My mother pursed her lips to keep from crying. “The thing about being an emitter is that everyone expects you to know how to heal every injury—that your magic is a one-spell-cures-all when that really isn’t the case.”
My father placed a consoling hand on my mother’s back as her body shuddered.
“I didn’t know at that time either since it hadn’t been that long since I had awakened and I never fully trained in the different aspects of healing; I didn’t think I needed to.” Wiping away her tears, she looked up at me with red eyes. “I closed everyone’s wounds, except the venom from the stingers’ tails had infected the flesh below. Your father and everyone else was able to get treated in time before it could do any harm, but for Lensa, the wound was close to her mana core, and after I had closed her wounds, the venom spread.”
I drew in a breath sharply. “Then...”
“Yeah. Her mana core had gotten infected to the point where she could no longer practice mana manipulation. I had robbed my friend and teammate of the one true joy in her life.”

“At least she’s still alive,” I said, trying to comfort her until she shook her head.
“She went off by herself into a dungeon and never came back out,” my mother said. “She had always said that she wanted to die gloriously in battle, but she went into a high-risk dungeon without being able to use magic to get herself killed. And you know what the funny part is?”
My mother looked up, trying to keep any more tears from falling as she scoffed. “If I hadn’t closed the wound, the doctor would’ve been able to easily extract the poison. She probably would’ve been fine if I hadn’t healed her.”

I opened my mouth, hoping words would form, but none did. My father remained silent as well, his hand still gently stroking my mother’s back.
After a few minutes, my mother composed herself. “I’ve been scared to properly use magic for anything more than minor injuries since then. Back when we were first on our way to Xyrus and we had gotten attacked, I was barely able to bring myself to heal your dying father. But after you told us about your...secret, and went off to train, Elder Rinia helped me as well while we were holed up in that cave. I doubt Adam’s death was a sign, but after everything the Twin Horns has done for your father and I, I think it’s time for us to be there for them.”
The resolution in my mother’s eyes made it clear that she didn’t say all this hoping to gain my approval.
“That’s not the only reason though,” my father said in a hushed tone. “Now that you’re back, it’s been killing me thinking about you, fighting out in the war while we’re here, safely twiddling our thumbs and waiting for good news.”
“But what if something happens to either of you? What will happen to Ellie then?” I argued, still uneasy about letting them out to battle.
“The same goes for you, Arthur. No matter how strong you are, death rarely comes from just weakness; it sneaks up when your guard is down. I’ll protect your mother and you can bet that our goal in this war will be to make it out in one piece and come back to you and your sister, but you have to do the same.” My father paused for a second as his gaze hardened. “We may not have raised you as we thought we had with your past life’s memories and all, but you can be damn sure that Ellie sees you as her loving brother, so don’t be so eager to sacrifice yourself for some vague ‘greater good,’ and come out of this war safely. Even if we lose this war, there will always be a chance to fight back. The only situation where you truly lose is when you die, because there are no second chances after that.”
I couldn’t help but let out a soft chuckle. “Well...”
“You know what I mean!” my father snapped, eliciting a faint smile from my mother.
Suddenly, a hurried knock drew our attention to the door. After trading glances with my parents, I said, “It’s open.”
The wooden door swung open to reveal Virion in the same black robe he had worn earlier today in our meeting with the Vritra. “Boy, have you heard?”
“Commander Virion!” My parents bolted up from their seats.
“Please. Just Virion is fine for Arthur’s parents,” he replied with a quick wave of his hand.
“Is it the attack?” I guessed, judging by his perturbed expression.
“Good, you have then,” Virion nodded. “And have you told your parents?”
“My parents were the one that told me.”
Virion’s brows raised in mild surprise but he merely let out a sigh as he regarded my parents. “Then you must’ve heard what happened to your ex-party member.”
My father responded with a solemn nod.
“You have my deepest condolences,” Tess’s grandfather lamented. “Some of the soldiers that were there arrived at the castle just now. I came to get Arthur, but I’m positive that at least the leader of the Twin Horns is here. Would you like to come with us?”
After sending a quick transmission to Sylvie—that we were going to be on the lower floor and to stay with Ellie—the four of us hurried to the teleportation room.
The towering iron doors that protected the teleportation room had been left open as soldiers, still worn from battle, stumbled out of the glowing gate in the center of the room, some still with their weapons drawn and bloody.
Guards lined the walls in case anyone other than Dicathen soldiers made their way through the portal as handmaids and nurses waited with fresh gauze and vials of antiseptics and ointment to provide treatment to the badly injured soldiers.
Spotting Helen first, I nudged my parents’ attention to her direction.

Needless to say, she was in a miserable state. Her metal chest guard was cracked with only a fragment of her shoulder brace still attached to her. The leather armor that protected the rest of Helen’s body had gashes in it, lined with dried blood, but her expression wasn’t that of weariness or pain. There was a raging tempest in her eyes as she walked down the platform with her broken bow still in hand.
“Helen!” my father called out. My parents immediately rushed toward Helen. The leader of the Twin Horns’ expression softened at the sight of my parents as she received their hug.
Leaving Virion, who was still anxiously waiting for Tess to walk through the portal, I made my way toward Helen.
“I’m glad you’re safe,” I said, giving her a gentle hug. “I’m sorry for what happened to Adam... If only I had stayed down there with you guys—”
“Don’t,” Helen stopped me. “No good ever comes out of thinking like that. What happened, happened. The best thing to do is focus on how we’ll make those damn Alacryans and their mutant pets pay.”
“What you have to focus on now is resting,” my mother said. “Come, we’ll have a nurse look at you.”
My mother guided Helen, who had insisted that she was okay, with my father trailing closely behind them. I figured they’d tell Helen about their plans on re-joining the Twin Horns, but I remained in the room to wait for Tess to come back.
The soldiers that escaped had managed to reach one of the hidden teleportation gates within the Beast Glades, but without the time for a headcount and the fact that the horde of mana beasts might still ambush them outside of the dungeon made me worry the longer Tess didn’t show up.
Not more than a few minutes could’ve passed but it felt like an eternity as unfamiliar faces staggered out of the teleportation gate. Finally, a familiar face popped out of the portal; it was the boy named Stannard.
He had a few scuffs on his tunic and pants and his face was smudged with dirt but I took the fact that there was no blood on him as a positive sign.
I didn’t hesitate to dash to him, pulling him aside almost instantly as he stepped out of the gate.
“Woah! What giv—”
“Where’s Tessia? Was she with you?” I bombarded, gripping his arm tightly.
“Arthur Leywin?” His face twinged. “Ouch. Your grip is a bit tight.”
I immediately let go, my gaze still shifting between Stannard and the teleportation gate just in case Tess came out.
“Sorry, Stannard. I heard about the ambush in the dungeon. Where’s the rest of your team?” I asked impatiently. The noise level in the room had grown as more soldiers filled the area. Some were groaning in pain while others were talking to guards and filling them in on what had happened.
“Th-They should’ve been behind me,” he replied, looking back. “It was too crazy. We had to keep running just in case they chased after us.”
Stannard was shivering as his knees buckled. I put his arms over my shoulders and helped him to the side where he could sit and lean against the wall.
Looking at everyone’s state, Helen had clearly understated the severity of the ambush to my parents. As I veered over the crowd of soldiers, I spotted the rest of Tess’s teammates.
The girl named Caria was carrying the boy I had dueled against—Darvus, I think—on her back, his feet dragging on the ground because of their difference in height.
The short augmenter was easily carrying her teammate despite the multiple wounds on her body. Her curly brown hair was amok, caked with blood at the ends, and her leather armor was tattered beyond repair.
Rushing to them, I lifted the unconscious Darvus and began carrying him, surprising Caria.
“Thank you,” she replied meekly as I guided her to Stannard.
As I put Darvus down, the wild-haired augmenter stirred awake. Letting out a pained groan, his glazed eyes focused on me. As soon as he realized who he was staring at, his eyes narrowed. “You... because of that bloody technique of yours, I couldn’t muster up any mana to fight!”
Despite his anger, his voice came out hoarse and weak.
“I’m sorry. I really am.”
Darvus sunk back against the wall before falling back into unconsciousness, joining the sleeping Stannard.
I snagged a pitcher of water from a handmaid passing by and gave it to Caria. She immediately buried her head inside the glass pitcher, gulping down the water before passing it back to me, completely empty.
“Caria.” I gently shook her shoulder to keep her from falling asleep. “I need to know what happened to Tessia.”
Caria’s eyes were half-closed as she opened her mouth to explain. She was about to speak when, instead, her lips curled into a grin. She pointed behind me, wordlessly.
Confused, I looked over my shoulder. Hobbling out of the portal, dirty, with clothes tattered, hair amok, armor dented and cracked, but alive and in one piece, was Tessia.





Chapter 143
Chapter 143: Numbers Behind Age


TESSIA ERALITH’S POV:
I stepped out of the teleportation gate and onto a platform, feeling weary and frustrated. I could’ve helped back there, but they wouldn’t let me. The soldiers that stayed behind to fight all echoed the same words—that I needed to go and my safety was priority.
What the hell was the point of training so damn hard if everyone treated me like some glass sculpture?
I let out a deep breath, hoping to expel the frustration out of my system, but all it did was remind my body how thirsty I was. Looking around at the crowd of soldiers, guards and nurses, I sought out looking for anyone holding a glass of water to quench my parched throat. Then I caught the sight of my teammates.
Stannard and Darvus were asleep against the wall while Caria was sitting up, speaking to someone, when she pointed at me.
The man she had been talking to maintained his crouching position as he turned his head.
My chest tightened as he stood up. His furrowed brows and sharp gaze that regarded his surroundings instantly relaxed as he locked eyes with me.
It was Art.
I couldn’t help but mindlessly stare as he walked towards me. The first time I had seen him in two years, he was covered in blood and grime, looking somewhat like a monster himself. However, the Art that was approaching me now was completely different. Dressed in a sharp white tunic lined luxuriously with gold and a long black mantle that seemed to shroud him in mystery, he exuded a sort of grand aura that belittled every royal family in Dicathen. His long hair was bound up, accentuating the sharp lines of his jaw while locks of auburn bangs fell messily over his forehead and past his azure eyes that crinkled from his breathtaking smile.
He was almost upon me when I snapped out of my daze. There were soldiers and guards nearby that I had to keep my composure around. It had barely been a day since the last time I’d seen Art and judging by his demeanor from the last time we had met in public, I’m sure he disliked emotional reunions.
Letting out a hoarse cough, I tried to stand taller, puffing myself up to muster as much poise and dignity that I could despite my unkempt appearance.
I stuck out my hand for him to shake, keeping my expression stoic. “Good to see you so soon, Arth—”
My gesture was ignored as a powerful hand wove underneath my arm, landing firmly on my back as he pulled me toward him. I stumbled forward by the sudden force and my face pressed against the thin tunic, bathing me in his warmth.
I’d been approached, pursued, and courted by almost every man brave enough to look past my lineage but the only thing I felt for them was either pity or annoyance. However, at this moment, my body felt as if it had been both frozen and melted at the same time as I remained motionless in his embrace.
Whether the entire room had fallen silent or my sense of hearing had just disappeared, I couldn’t tell, but my other senses had become overwhelmed. From inside the safe haven of his sturdy arms, a faint hint of oak and a crisp ocean breeze filled my nose as I felt the side of his face bury into my neck.

My limbs remained frozen but my empty stomach continued to flutter uncontrollably while Art’s arm squeezed just a fraction tighter.
“I’m glad you’re okay,” Art finally spoke. His warm breath blew against my neck, sending shivers down my spine.
My arms twitched, instinctively wanting to hug him back, but the piercing stares of everyone around us made me stop.
“O-Of course I’m okay,” I said, barely mustering up the strength to push him away despite how every fiber in my body wanted me to pull him closer. I could feel blood rushing up my neck to the very top of my head as I stared at Art, his face just inches away from my own.
I could see his eyes moving, tracing every feature of my face as he studied me. He let out deep breath, as if a large weight had been lifted, and looked at me with a gentle smile. “Come on. I’ll take you to your grandfather.”
It felt as though I was swimming in some sort of thick, viscous liquid in my head. The world blurred by with muffled conversations and shadows of people I couldn’t quite make out. My body seemed to move on its own, acting and responding on instinct as my mind kept recalling my arrival back inside the castle. Now that I was just remembering it, my mind started analyzing every action and inaction of the scene, trying to put meaning into every thing Art did at that moment—the firmness yet tenderness of his hug, the desperation and relief that poured out of him when his eyes locked onto me.
I replayed the scene over and over again in my head, nitpicking every little detail. However, the conclusion that I had reached every time was the same. I hated how composed he was every time we met. And, after all of this time, I hated how I still felt weak and helpless in front of him.
I wasn’t able to see much of Art after our initial meeting at the castle. I was swept away by a team of nurses as soon as my grandfather had released me from his embrace, and escorted to my room. After checking to make sure my teammates had been tended to, I plopped gingerly into my bed, finding comfort in the fact that my simply furnished room was exactly as I had left it.
As the nurses removed my armor and wiped me down with scented towels, I felt my body sinking deeper and deeper into the sheets until the world faded to darkness.
“—should tell her, Virion.” Art’s familiar voice pulled me out of my slumber. Rubbing my eyes, I squinted at the morning sun just barely peeking above the layer of clouds below us.
It took my brain a second to assess the situation before a frightening thought struck me. I immediately peeked underneath my covers, letting out a sigh of relief to find myself clothed.
“She’s going to find out eventually. You can’t hide something like this from her; it’s impossible.” Art’s muffled voice came from the other side of the door. He talked in a hushed tone but his words rang clearly in my ears.
“It’s fine if she finds out later, but she’s not ready for this. Now shush! What if she hears?” my grandfather whispered back.
“She’ll listen to you if you respect her enough to tell her. If she finds out from anyone else, what do you think she’s going to do?” Art argued back, his voice growing sharper.
“Damn you, boy. What if she decides to go? Then what?”
“We’ll figure it out after hearing her response. Virion, you and I both know what your granddaughter is capable of once she puts her mind to something.”
“I know,” my grandfather snapped back. “I just can’t... with Cynthia dying by the hands of those Vritra bastards right here in this castle. What if...”
I couldn’t hear the rest of their conversation as my heart began beating louder and louder. Master Cynthia is dead? That’s impossible, right?
Master Cynthia had always been leagues above anyone I knew in terms of magical abilities. Her expertise in mana manipulation was on par with—maybe even above—Grandpa’s. She had taught me everything from basic control to advanced execution of spells while sword fighting.
There is no way she would be killed so easily. I tried convincing myself, but my hands trembled as I held on tightly to my blanket.

I sat up on my bed, wiping away a stray tear that had managed to escape from my eye, and waited for the two of them to come in.
“Come in,” I answered immediately after they knocked on the door.
Art, dressed simply in a grey tunic and black pants with his hair tied up into a knot, came in first, followed by my grandfather who was wearing the same black robe he had been wearing yesterday.
Art took one glance at me and let out a sigh as he closed his eyes. “How much did you hear?”
“Everything,” I answered matter-of-factly.

My grandfather took a step forward, his face furrowed in concern. “Child—”
“Take me to her, please,” I cut him off, stepping out of bed to find something to wear over my nightdress.
I stayed silent as we descended down the flights of stone stairs, the only sound coming from our echoing footsteps as my grandfather led the way and Art trailed closely behind me.
My grandfather kept taking glances back, but didn’t say anything until we reached the bottommost floor where the dungeons and cells were.
“Why is Master Cynthia holed up in such a filthy and degrading place reserved for murderers and traitors?” I demanded.
“We don’t have a burial ground in this castle, Tessia. We’re keeping her here until circumstances permit us to safely give her a burial,” my grandfather answered patiently. “And the dungeon has been empty since the start of this war after we moved all of the prisoners to more remote dungeons on the ground.”
The dungeon floor differed vastly from the rest of the castle. Fungus grew between the stone blocks and mold lined the wooden hinges that the illuminating artifact rested on. The foul, musty smell blended with the near-toxic odor of decay and waste. The area seemed as if it was purposely designed to repulse the prisoners held here. What my grandfather said was true—only a hollow silence lingered rather than the screams and moans of prisoners.
At the farthest end of the floor, there was a single metal door with a soldier standing guard.
“Open the door,” my grandfather ordered.
The armored guard nodded, his expression hidden underneath his helmet, as he stepped to the side and turned the rusted handle without turning around. As the metal door screeched against the uneven ground, a flawless stone casket lay in the center of the empty cell with a small pile of flowers resting on top.
“Only a few people know of her death,” my grandfather explained, walking up and gently laying a hand on the top of the stone coffin.
“She deserves a public ceremony. All of her past students, the professors who taught at Xyrus... she doesn’t deserve to be here,” I muttered.
My grandfather nodded. “I know—”
“Then why?” I said harshly. “Why is my master rotting away in a corner of this foul dungeon? For everything she had done for this continent, she deserves a diamond coffin and a countrywide funeral! Sh-She deserves anything but... this.”

“Tessia...” Grandpa rested his hand gently on my back, hoping to quell my anger.
“How could you keep this from me, Grandpa? If I hadn’t heard you through the door, when would I have found out? After the war?” I scoffed, shrugging his hand away while my vision blurred from my tears. “Is there anything else you’re hiding from me? Despite everything I did to try and show you that I was mature, you still treat me like a child—”
“That’s because you are a child,” Art snapped.
“What?” I blurted, my face getting red from anger rather than embarrassment. “How can you—you should know better than anyone else how I’m feeling, but you call me a child? You of all people?”
My childhood friend wore a calloused expression as I huffed in frustration, regarding me with a stern eye that made me doubt yesterday’s memory of him affectionately hugging me.
“Maybe it’s because I know both you and Grandpa Virion so well that I’m saying this, Tess. What you’re doing right now—needlessly putting yourself in harm’s way just to prove a point—is no better than a child throwing a tantrum,” Art continued.
“Arthur,” my grandfather cut in. “Enough.”
“H-How dare you!” I seethed, tears rolling down my cheeks.
“If you took a minute to think this whole situation through, you’d realize why your grandfather had to keep this all a secret. What do you think would happen if he were to announce that someone was killed by our enemy in the supposed safest location in the continent?” Art said, his gaze unrelenting.
“Well I’m sorry that not everyone is as smart as you!” I retorted.
Art’s gaze softened. “You’re only seventeen, Tess—”
“And you’re only sixteen. Yet Grandpa, Master Aldir, and even Master Cynthia never looked at you as a kid even though you’re younger than me,” I argued.
“If they see me as an adult, that’s something they’ve come to realize on their own, not by me deliberately trying to prove it,” he answered.
“How is that even fair?” I choked back a sob. “You get to do what you want because you’re good enough but no matter how hard I try and what I do, I’ll always be some damsel in need of protection!”
“That’s not it, Tessia. Your grandfather and I—”
“What? You guys want me cooped up and isolated from anything potentially dangerous or potentially distressing so badly that you can’t even tell me that my own master was killed?” I cut in, my face numb with anger. “Or is it because—”
“Because if we told you, the first thing you’d have in mind is facing the Vritra that killed Cynthia, trying to get revenge, and getting yourself killed!” Arthur exploded.
This was the first time I had heard him raise his voice to this extent, stunning not just me and Grandpa, but the guard standing outside.
“You... you don’t know that,” I denied.
“Don’t I?” Arthur pressed. “Because I think I know for a fact that you acting this way isn’t because Virion didn’t tell you about Director Goodsky dying. You’re not mad at him, you’re mad at yourself for leaving your master to go prove to everyone how strong and helpful you’d be to the war.”
“Th-This isn’t about...” I couldn’t finish my sentence as I broke down, sobbing uncontrollably on my knees.
“Arthur! I think you’ve said enough,” my grandpa growled. “Guard. Escort him out.”
I didn’t look up to see Art leave. I didn’t know what kind of expression he had on his face, or if he was sorry. It was too much.
“Tessia. let’s take some time together to pay our respects to Cynthia. I’m sure that, more than having millions of people at a ceremony, she’d rather have the few she truly cherished mourning for her.” Grandpa kneeled beside me, gently stroking my trembling back. “After this, I’ll tell you everything.”
Mustering up a shaky nod, I let out a hoarse whisper. “Thank you.”
The both of us turned to face the smooth stone casket that my master resided in, waves of emotions continuing to toss and turn inside me.





Chapter 144
Chapter 144: Invaluable Allies
“I understand your problem, Grey, but I’m not sure if I’m the best person to help you with this,” the headmaster said with a sigh. “No matter how lacking your ki pool may be compared to most kids your age, you’re still a child with plenty of time for that to change. However, and I say this as a general life lesson, if you find yourself lacking in resources, use what you have when you need it the most.”
I pondered over her cryptic solution to my ki problem.
“Thank you, Headmaster Wilbeck,” I grinned before heading out the door.
“Oh, and Grey?” the headmaster called from behind her desk.
I halted, peeking my head out of the doorway. “Yes?”
“How is Cecilia getting along with you and Nico?”
“Well,” I paused. “Besides her little accidents, I’d say we’re slowly getting through to her!”
“She hasn’t said a word to you two, has she?” Headmaster Wilbeck sighed.
“Nope!” I affirmed confidently. “Not a single one.”
“Very well. I really do hope the two of you keep trying to break her out of her shell though. If anyone can do it, it’s you two.”
I came back into her office. “Headmaster?”
“Hmm?”
“Why are you pushing so hard for us to be friends with Cecilia?” I asked.
The headmaster’s lips curled into a gentle smile as she stood up from her chair. “That, my child, is a story that I’m hoping she’ll tell you herself.”
“Well, I mean, she looks normal enough but everyone’s scared of her because of those accidents that happen every once in awhile.” I scratched my head. “I mean, Nico and I aren’t scared or anything but there are a few kids that have been sent to the infirmary because of her, so I just thought it’d be better to know more to help her.”
Walking around her table, Headmaster Wilbeck tousled my hair. “Your job isn’t to help her; it’s to be her friend. Let me take care of helping her.”
“Yes, Mother,” I saluted.
The headmaster’s gentle downturned eyes widened in surprise at my words.
“It’s Headmaster Olivia or Headmaster Wilbeck to you, Grey.” Her voice was firm but her eyes betrayed her words.
I didn’t want to leave. I wanted to stay in her office and help her with the pile of papers that never seemed to diminish, but I knew she would never let me help; like a broken record, she always said that it was her job, not mine.
Dragging my feet out of the small office, I trudged down the hall toward my room.
I often imagined my life as Headmaster Wilbeck’s son. Her stern, yet loving voice scolding me every time I got into trouble. I’d do what I could to help her around the house: do the dishes, take out the trash and mow the lawn. And when she came home, I’d massage her shoulders that she always seemed to be rubbing painfully from stress.
Nico said it was weird for me to do so much for my mother, saying that it was usually a daughter’s job to spoil the mother, but I didn’t agree. If I had someone like Headmaster Wilbeck as a mother, I’d make sure to pamper her. I’d help dye the white streaks of her brown hair and once I was old enough, I’d make a lot of money and buy fancy clothes and even a car and house for her.
Maybe that was the difference between someone that had known their parents like Nico and someone like me, who didn’t have a single memory of what his parents looked like. Nico hated his parents and any mention of his last name, Sever, would set him off like a fuse.
As for someone like me, who didn’t have a surname, there was an odd comfort imagining being Grey Wilbeck, son of Olivia Wilbeck.
The sharp creak of the floorboard underneath my feet snapped me out of my fantasy, and I sighed a breath of defeat.
I kneeled down above the old misaligned floorboard and snapped it back in its place. Testing the floor with my feet, I let out a satisfied nod at the plank’s silence.
Looking up, a group of kids were running through the hall, chasing one another.

“Grey! I’m going to tag you!” a little girl named Theda giggled as she skirted toward me with her arms stretched out.
“Oh yeah?” I stuck out my tongue. “I bet you’re not!”
Theda accepted the challenge as she picked up her pace. As soon as she was within range, she swiped at my waist, hoping to grab my shirt, but I easily twirled out of reach.
I let out a victorious laugh. “You’re going to have to try harder than—”
I swayed to my right, just in time to avoid Odo’s hand.
The rest of the kids that Theda had been playing with joined in, deciding that they were all “it” in this impromptu game of tag.
As the boys and girls flocked me with arms stretched wide to cover more ground, I easily dipped and weaved around them. They flailed their appendages desperately as they tried to utilize every part of their bodies in hopes to tag me but it was useless.
Theda and her friends got smart and circled around me, slowly closing in on me as they giggled excitedly.
Once they got close enough, the kids got impatient and all sprung at me.
Just as their hands were about to touch me, I jumped up and grabbed onto the broken chain that used to support an old chandelier before it had to be sold. Using the momentum of my leap, I swung from the chain, gripping tightly so I wouldn’t slip.
Theda, Odo, and their friends bumbled amongst themselves from missing their target.
Swinging from the old chain, I landed a few feet away and planted my hands on my hips, laughing victoriously. “You guys are five years too young to best the mighty Grey!”
“Not fair!” Odo groaned, rubbing his head.
“Yeah! You’re too fast!” Theda agreed, prying herself out of the tangle of kids.
“Shush! Only weaklings complain when facing defeat!” I said, deepening my voice. “Now off I go! My heroic powers are needed elsewhere!”
I dashed away as the kids laughed amongst themselves.
“The mighty Grey has arrived!” I announced, opening the door to my room.
“Yeah, yeah. Close the door on your way in,” Nico replied, not even turning to look at me as he fumbled with something on his cluttered bed.
“The kids are more fun than you,” I clicked my tongue. “What are you doing anyway?”
Nico held up his right hand, covered in a fuzzy black glove, with a proud grin on his face.
“You’re into knitting now?” I asked with a smirk, reaching for the glove.
Nico stretched out his gloved hand, gripping my forearm.
All of a sudden, a wave of pain radiated like an intense muscle cramp from Nico’s grasp.
My friend and roommate immediately let go with a smug look pasted on his face. “Never underestimate the power of knitting.”
“What the hell?” My gaze switched back between his glove and my sore arm.
“Pretty neat, right?” Nico stared contently at his gloved hand. “After the whole run-in with those thugs, I was researching a way to defend myself in case something like that ever happened again. And after compiling my notes, off a rather interesting book I found on ki conducting material I was able to design this glove!”
“How does it work? Why did my arm suddenly cramp up when you grabbed me?” I asked, my fingers itching to grab ahold of Nico’s newest creation.
“It’s pretty cool, actually,” Nico said, slapping my hand away. “There are these microfibers on the palm of the gloves that can conduct ki to a certain degree. The microfibers elongate in reaction to my ki and reach into the muscles when I grab someone. There’s a small conducting stone on the inside of the glove that harnesses the ki that I emit and it shoots out through the microfibers and into my enemy’s muscle which, in this case, was your arm.”
“That’s pretty neat, but why don’t you just learn how to fight like me?”
“First of all, you never learned to fight. And I need to have toys like these because unlike someone”—his eyes darted to me—“I don’t have the reflexes of some primitive carnivore. If I had to say, my reflexes range somewhere between a sloth and a turtle.”

I couldn’t help but chortle at the comparison. “Well, the glove looks useful and all, but it seems like it’d only buy you some time,” I pointed out, flexing my cramped hand.
“Yup. And another downside is that the microfibers, which I had to buy with part of the money we got from pawning off the jewelry, don’t last very long,” Nico sighed as he took off the fuzzy black glove.
I looked at the stacks of books piled all over his side of the room. “I’m sure you’ll think of something around it. By the way, how did you give the money we got to the headmaster?”

“Ah! I gave it to a guy I know. He gave it to Headmaster Wilbeck as a generous donation in return for a percentage as a cut.”
I groaned. “How much of the money actually ended up in the orphanage anyway? With you buying your books and material and giving a cut to a guy you barely know, I doubt even half the amount made it to the headmaster.”
“I didn’t have any other choice. No way in hell would Olivia take money from us. She’d just start bombarding us with questions.”
“It’s Headmaster Wilbeck,” I corrected, thumping my friend’s head.
“Besides, I got a few books that you could use too! Check it out!” Nico exclaimed, pointing to a small pile of books behind him with his thumb.”
“Oh!” I could feel my eyes light up as I reached for the books. “Very well. This magnimous gentlemen will forgive you.”
“It’s magnanimous,” Nico chortled, shaking his head.
Unable to think of a witty comeback, I decided to let it go when the room began shaking.
I groaned. “Don’t tell me—”
“Yup, it’s Cecilia again. She’s having another accident,” Nico said.
As the rhythmless waves of shaking continued, we remained in our beds. “It’s longer than usual this time,” I pointed out.
Nico got up and put on his glove. “Let’s go check it out.”
“It’s dangerous! Remember what happened to one of the volunteers that tried to hold her down?”
“Yup! That bear of a man couldn’t even make it near her.” Nico shook his head from the painful memory. “I just can’t stand having to wait like this until Cecilia passes out. I can’t imagine how much it’s hurting her.”
I let out a sigh and got up as well when a thought struck me. My lips curved up into a smirk. “You like her, don’t you?”
“No way! I don’t even know the girl!”
I didn’t respond as my smile widened.
Nico’s brows twitched. “All right! I just think she’s a little pretty. That’s all!”
“Mhmm,” I shrugged, dodging a slap from my friend.
Pieces of broken plaster from the ceiling rained throughout the hallway as the entire orphanage shook.
I spotted Theda and Odo hiding underneath the dining table along with some of the other younger children on our way to Cecilia’s room.
Veering left at the end of the hallway, Nico and I stopped in front of an iron door that stood isolated, away from all of the other rooms in the giant house. Headmaster Wilbeck was already there with a few of the adult volunteers that helped clean and maintain the orphanage.
The shaking had intensified, and one the volunteers named Randall, a kind and burly man in his prime that helped out with the garden, prepared to go inside as another worker was about to open the door.
There was no way that Randall would be able to make it to Cecilia with the intensity of this outbreak. Snatching the glove off of Nico’s hand, I bolted for the door.
“Wha—Grey!” Nico called out.
Before anyone had a chance to react, I zipped past Randall and into the room as soon as the door opened. Once inside, my body sidestepped on instinct, barely dodging a force that sent Randall crashing against the corridor wall. I had heard about Cecelia’s peculiarity but going against it head on made the stories sound like a bedtime story.

Bracing myself, I ran toward the center of the large room where Cecilia laid, convulsing while a look of panic struck her face as she spotted me. This mysterious girl that Headmaster Wilbeck had brought was an irregularity amongst ki users. While even the most capable practitioner would, at best, be able to produce a small gust of energy with his ki, Cecilia was able to send torrents of ki around her—that’s how vast her ki pool was.
However, she wasn’t able to control it, and from what the headmaster told me, the outbursts of ki happened at the slightest provocation of her emotions.
While many ki users would see this power as a gift, for a teenage girl like her, I could only see it as a curse.
Going solely on instinct, I was able to clumsily dodge the blasts of ki that shot at me. One hit and I would be unconscious at the very least.
Cold sweat rolled down my face as I played tag with a near-invisible force that had the power to break my bones like a twig.
I felt a slight breeze, making me instantly roll to my left. A loud thud resounded on the wall behind me as I narrowly dodged another burst of ki.
I stretched out my gloved hand, hoping I would be able to reach her, when my instincts kicked in once more and I jumped clumsily to the right.
Another thud echoed behind me as Cecilia’s stray surge of ki hit the wall.
“Y-You can’t!” Cecilia said through gritted teeth. “You’ll get h-hurt.”
Her bed, which she was laying on, had been demolished, as pillow stuffing and mattress foam lay scattered around the floor. I began crawling toward her, immediately rolling when I felt another burst of ki coming.
This time, though, the edge of the blast managed to skim my right arm.
I let out a restrained yell as I forced myself to crawl faster, ignoring my throbbing arm. Desperately reaching out with my left hand, I willed what little ki I could muster into the glove that Nico had made and prayed that my idea would work.
I was able to place my palm just above Cecilia’s stomach, where her ki center was. Exerting all of my ki, I felt Nico’s glove throb.
Cecilia let out a pained gasp, her almond-shaped eyes growing wide just before closing as she fell unconscious. Locks of Cecilia’s blonde hair fell over her face as her flushed cheeks began draining to her original creamy color.
I tried to stand up, but my body refused to listen from overexertion of ki.
How pitiful, I thought, before joining Cecilia in her slumber.
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
“Sir! Please, wake up!” An unfamiliar voice startled me awake, dragging me out of the unwanted memories I had been dreaming of.
As my vision focused, I was barely able to make out the shape of a woman, her features shadowed by the sunlight directly cast to her face. “Sir! I’m begging you. Please, we need you washed and prepped for Commander Virion’s speech!”
The handmaid shook my arm gently as I turned away from her, still half asleep.
“Move out of the way. I’ll wake him up,” a familiar voice grunted as a loud crackle resounded from his direction.
I immediately sprung to my feet, catching the projectile of lightning in my hand.
“Bairon. A displeasure to see you again,” I said sharply, still in a foul mood from my argument with Tessia yesterday.
“I see you’ve learned some new tricks,” Bairon responded with his hand still outstretched.
It had been over two years since I had last seen the blonde lance. He hadn’t changed much, except he had cut his hair short and the scowl on his face was even harsher.
“Don’t you know it’s dishonorable to attack someone behind their back?” I asked, hopping off my bed.
“Well, we’re in times of war,” he shrugged before turning around and heading out the door. “Now get changed. The rest of the lances are already by the teleportation gate.”
I watched as Bairon, whose brother I had killed, walked out of my room. He and I would always have our differences, but I got what he meant when he said that we were in times of war: both of us were invaluable allies.
The handmaid timidly approached me. “S-Sir, please. I’d hate to keep nagging but—”
“It’s okay, Rosa. I just got direct consent from Commander Virion to speed up the process,” another, much bulkier handmaid interrupted as she stomped in, pulling a large cart covered by a sheet.
The handmaid named Rosa switched glances between her coworker and me. “A-Are you sure, Milda? I don’t think we should do anything to offend—”
Milda held up a meaty finger to silence her associate. She then turned to me with a stern gaze as she rolled up the sleeves of her blouse. “Now, Sir. If you’re not in the mood or you’re not capable of washing yourself, I’ll be more than happy to get into the shower with you and wash you.”
I inadvertently took a step back in horror. “No, no. I’m very much in the mood to wash myself.”
“Very good,” she said. “After you wash, please dress in this set of armor Lord Aldir prepared for the speech today.”
Milda dramatically removed the sheet covering the cart she had brought in, revealing a mannequin dressed stunningly in a suit of armor that I would soon be wearing.





Chapter 145
Chapter 145: From The Balcony
“I look ridiculous,” I grumbled, hobbling closer to the mirror to study myself.
The plated armor was gaudy and inefficient in design. My chest and shoulders were protected by a silver pauldron and a gorget that reached up to my chin, allowing for only minimal movement of my neck. Even more restricting, my hip and thighs were guarded by a tasset that prohibited me from raising my legs. The subtle detailings on my gauntlets and greaves matched the ones on my breastplate and a blazing red cape fell down to the back of my knees, covering the large, decorative sword strapped to my lower back.
“You look awe-inspiring, Sir,” the timid handmaid praised as she began tying up my hair.
“Anyone who can fight proficiently while wearing this death trap deserves my respect,” I replied, trying to lift my arms above my shoulders.
‘Well, at least you’ll look impressive to the crowd,’ Sylvie pointed out from my bed, still half-asleep.
‘Zip it! You’re lucky I’m not making you wear any armor,’ I shot back.
‘My scales are my armor.’ Sylvie arched her back, stretching like a cat as she nimbly hopped off the bed.
“There! All done,” the handmaid announced, carefully placing a golden band to secure my hair in place. “This armor is not only majestic, it has many protective runes engraved into it!”
“I understand the armor, but must I have this sword on me as well? I have one, and it’s a pretty nice one too!” I said, taking out Dawn’s Ballad from my dimension ring.
The timid handmaid rubbed her short brown hair as her eyes shifted away uncomfortably. “I-It’s very pretty, Sir, but—”
“It’s too thin! It doesn’t make you look powerful!” the bear-like handmaid cut in, firmly securing my pauldron with her meaty hands. “Perfect. You’re all good to go!”
I gazed down at my teal-bladed sword, forged masterfully by an eccentric asura, and slid it back into its sheath before taking a deep breath and putting it back into my dimension ring.
As I walked stiffly out of the room, Sylvie, still reluctant to talk unless we were completely alone, chirped in my head.‘I bet you’re going to impress the crowd with your new armor!’
‘I’m hoping to stay at the sidelines through this whole speech. I know that Virion wanted all the main players here today to raise morale, but I think the lances are enough for that,’ I thought back as we made our way down the empty hallway.
The residents and most of the workers inside the castle had been escorted through the gate earlier this morning so they could find a seat in the crowd. I didn’t get a chance to see my family today, but they did leave a message with that timid handmaid saying they looked forward to seeing me up on the balcony.
‘I can’t believe Virion decided to have the speech done at Etistin, though. Isn’t that where the Alacryan ships are heading?’ Sylvie voiced, concerned as she nestled on my shoulder.
‘I think it makes sense. It’s a bit of a wild card, but if done right—and I’m sure that’s what Virion is shooting for—the crowd will see our force as much more imposing up close than their ships from afar.’
‘I guess.’
Even walking down the stairs became a task in this bulky armor, and I became more and more tempted to just jump down the center of the spiral staircase, regardless of who might inconveniently be at the bottom.

The sharp ringing of my metal greaves on the stone pathway toward the teleportation room echoed throughout the narrow corridor, alerting the two guards stationed of my presence. Once I reached the familiar iron doors, both the augmenter and conjurer guard welcomed me with a courteous bow as they began unlocking the imposing entranceway to the circular room.
“Everyone is waiting inside,” the augmenter announced as he slid open the metal door, revealing the central figures of this war.
It was quite a sight as Bairon Wykes, Varay Aurae, and Aya Grephin, the three remaining Lances, stood, clad in decorated white armor just as gaudy as mine.
I noticed that Virion, who was closest to the teleportation gate, had shed his black mourning robe, replacing it was a lavish olive tunic that draped down past his knees over a pair of silken white trousers. The tunic wasn’t without noble adornment; it was lined with aureate trimming that matched the golden sash wrapped around his waist. A bronze circlet lay snugly just above his brows while his hair fell loosely over his shoulders in a curtain of white.
Standing adjacent to the commander, the pinnacle of authority surrounding this war, were his son and father of Tess, Alduin Eralith, and his wife, Merial.
Alduin wore a silver tunic of similar decoration and design to his father’s while Merial wore an elegant silver dress obviously meant to match with her husband.
“Look who finally decided to show up,” Virion said with an approving nod as he gazed at my attire.
“Commander Virion.” I dipped my head respectfully, turning toward Tess’s parents. “King Alduin and Queen Merial. It’s been a while.”
“That it has,” Alduin smiled, rubbing his chin as he regarded me with a scrutinizing eye while Merial responded with a faint nod.
I then turned to Blaine and Priscilla Glayder, the former King and Queen of Sapin.
“King Blaine and Queen Priscilla. It’s been even longer,” I said with a polite smile, bowing as much as my armor would allow me to.
Blaine had aged since the last time I saw him. More streaks of grey lined his mane of fiery maroon hair. Silken black tunic underneath large gunmetal pauldrons that covered his shoulders and collar gave him an intimidating aura. His wife, Priscilla, on the other hand, had chosen to wear a fluttery black dress lined with engravings of silver flowers. Her black hair was tied up, exposing her neck that seemed almost pure white in contrast to her dark attire.
The two kings and queens couldn’t look and feel any more different, but each of them held an air of dignity that could only stun the crowd that was waiting for them.
“You’ve grown,” Merial pointed out, her sharp eyes seeming to look through me rather than at me.
“Growing comes with age,” I replied.
“Of course it does,” Blaine grunted. “And you’ll continue to grow, not just in height but in strength, which is what I need from one of my best soldiers.”
I glanced back at Bairon and Varay, Blaine’s lances, and shook my head. “Regardless of my roots or race, with a war of this scale, I’d like to consider myself a soldier to this continent.”
“It’s finally nice to you meet you, Arthur.” An elderly dwarf that had been standing hunched alongside Virion and the two kings and queens stepped forward, getting between Blaine and me as he extended a hand.
While he only came up to my sternum, he stood ramrod straight with his shoulders squared, making him seem taller than he actually was. He had a scar that ran down the left side of his face, running through his closed left eye all the way down to his jaw. However, the eye that was open exuded a gentle quality, undermining his rugged appearance.
I accepted his large hand, noticing the sandpaper-like texture of his palms. “I apologize for my ignorance, but I don’t think I’ve had the pleasure of meeting you.”
“My name is Rahdeas, and no, you haven’t,” he chuckled. “But I’ve heard quite a bit about you from the letters that Elijah sent back.”
My eyes widened in realization. “Then you must be—”

“Yes. I’m the one that took the child in when he was an infant.” He looked at me with a solemn smile that sent a sharp pain through my chest.
‘That’s Elijah’s guardian?’ Sylvie voiced in my head, surprised.
“I-I’m sorry I couldn’t get there in time to help him,” I said, lowering my gaze as I ignored my bond.

Rahdeas shook his head. “It’s not your fault. That child was always a magnet for trouble.”
Clasping his hand with both hands now, I stared straight into his eyes. “If he’s still alive, I’ll be sure to bring him back to you. I give you my word.”
“Thank you,” he whispered, letting go of my hands that somehow seemed so fragile now.
“Rahdeas is the new delegate for the dwarves. We’ll be going on ahead first,” Virion spoke. “The gatekeeper will receive my transmission and signal you to go through when the time is right.”
As the six of them walked through the gate, the teleportation room became silent. I made a mental note to make sure to spend some more time with Rahdeas. I was curious as to what young Elijah and the man that raised him were like.
Suddenly, I felt a light tap on my shoulder, or rather, I heard a light tap on my shoulder plate. Turning around, I came face to face with the lance named Aya Grephin.
“We’ve seen each other before, but I’ve never given you the pleasure of introducing myself,” she smiled coyly, tucking her wavy black hair behind her ear as she dangled a hand for me to accept. “My name is Aya Grephin.”
There was something off about her voice. An enticing timbre of faint sweetness spoken in a volume where you wanted to lean closer to her to hear what she had to say. From the allure in her voice to way she carried herself that made her seem irresistible. Every motion she made with her hands and fingers made my eyes focus on them, but it didn’t feel natural. I felt the magic in her voice.
“Well then,” I smiled, taking a step back. “It’s a pleasure being formally introduced, Aya Grephin.” I knew she was waiting for a kiss on the back of her hand, but I grabbed her hand and shook it instead.
“I hope we can get along,” she said, her smile unwavering as she snapped her hand back. Watching her turn around and stride back to her original spot, hips swaying, I couldn’t help but grow uneasy.
Apart from her pretentious seductiveness, just by being near her, I knew the remaining elf lance was no joke. I had seen for myself that Varay was stronger than Bairon, but I’d yet to see Aya fight. From what I’d been told, and by her lance code, Phantasm, she was supposedly one of the deadliest of the lances. Being up close to her and having her stare at me, it was easy to see those claims weren’t baseless.
“I see your training has gone well. You’ve just stepped out of the initiate silver stage and into mid-silver,” Varay, who had been silently studying me, finally spoke.
In contrast to Aya, Varay held herself in a very reserved and dignified manner. I had noticed that she had cut her long, white hair short, just past her neck. Varay’s bangs were pinned to the side, revealing a small scar just above her right brow that anyone could’ve missed if they weren’t looking closely.
Her dark brown eyes were sharp and pointed while her brows seemed to be perpetually furrowed as she continued peering at me.
Sylvie hunched over, baring her small fangs at the lance. ‘It’s okay, Sylv. She’s an ally, remember?’
“I’ve yet a long way to go if I want to get into white stage,” I said to Varay, prying my eyes away from her intense gaze.
“Not as long as you might think,” the white-haired lance responded.

“What does that—”
“Gatekeeper! How much longer are we to wait?” Bairon interrupted as he impatiently tapped his armor-clad foot on the ground.
“G-General Bairon,” the elderly gatekeeper flinched. “Commander Virion has not—Ah! I just received word from him now. Please enter!”
Bairon made his way toward the teleportation gate first, eager to be out of this confining room.
‘Well that was uncomfortable,’ Sylvie thought.
‘Tell me about it.’ I motioned for Aya and Varay to go ahead of me. The curvy elf threw me a wink as she swayed past me while Varay’s expression remained stone as she looked at me and Sylvie.
As I stepped through the teleportation gate, the scene around me blurred. Upon arrival, I couldn’t help but cringe at the sudden difference in noise level. Cheers erupted from below as the castle or structure we were evidently in trembled.
Sylvie and I had arrived in a large rectangular room that led out to the large balcony Virion and the rest of the kings and queens stood, waving down at the crowd. It wasn’t just them—next to their parents were Tess, Curtis, and Kathyln, all waving at the immense crowd that I could see even from back here.
“Please, Generals, get ready to go on Commander Virion’s signal,” a thin handmaid instructed as she fixed Aya’s hair which had gotten blown back by the frigid ocean wind.
“Generals?” I asked to the handmaid, confused.
“Arthur, Lady Sylvie, I see that you both are finally here,” a familiar voice called out from behind.
Looking back over my shoulder, I spotted Aldir seated in front of a tea set, a cup in his hand while his third eye stared at me.
“I see that you’re staying in the shadows,” I greeted the asura as Sylvie dipped her small head in a nod.
“That is my job,” he said, holding up his cup in a solitary toast.
“Well, can you tell me what my job right now is? Because I’m not a lance, which means I’m not a general.”
“Patience. You just have to wait five seconds,” he said, pouring himself another cup from the pot.
The cheers had died down by now as Virion began speaking. “Many of you have traveled far to be here, and that fills me with pride. As you all may have noticed, standing beside me are your leaders, the very people that have protected this continent as well as the ones that will protect this continent in the future.”
Another wave of cheers erupted as Rahdeas, the Glayder family and the Eralith family waved once more.
“However, while these are the heroes you see in the light, there are heroes of the shadows that continuously risk their lives to fight for this continent. I’d like you all to help me welcome the Lances of Dicathen!”
Varay, Aya, and Bairon marched out to the edge of the balcony with their heads held high and shoulders square while Virion and the royal families all turned to greet them.
An even louder ovation exploded as the three lances came into view. The chaotic array of shouts and cheers soon became a collective chant that grew louder and louder.
“LANCE-ES, LANCE-ES, LANCE-ES.”
After minutes of continuous chanting, Virion raised a hand, silencing the hundreds of thousands—if not millions—of humans, elves and dwarves alike.
“Everyone! We are in a time of war,” Virion spoke sternly after a moment of silence. “I know that half of the Lances are absent, and that is not by mistake. Some are in the middle of a mission and were not able to come.”
I exchanged glances with Aldir at Virion’s lie, but I made no remark. I knew what revealing one of the lances had already been killed would do to the crowd.
Virion continued.“The Lances have constantly shed blood and tears to keep Dicathen safe, but it is in these uncertain times that we can no longer just rely on the strong. We must fight together in order to keep our homes safe.
“At the inauguration of the Lances almost four years ago, we made a promise saying the title of a lance would not be predetermined by birth or status, but earned through hard work, talent, and strength. Today is the marking of a new era, and with that new era comes new heroes. One such hero has been discovered and is here with us today. Please, welcome with me, our newest lance: Arthur Leywin!”





Chapter 146
Chapter 146: Speech and Statement
Virion, Rahdeas, the lances, and the two royal families all turned to me as I walked up towards the balcony edge. The applause rose to a deafening crescendo at my appearance as Virion waited for me at the very end.
While Bairon and Varay had calloused expressions on their faces as they let me through, Aya’s lips curled into a coy smile as she nodded approvingly.
Tess’s expression was still brusque from yesterday’s argument, while Kathyln’s eyes creased in a rare smile. Her brother, Curtis, waved while his parents and the rest of the central figures on the balcony joined the crowd’s applause.
As I stepped foot out into the balcony, the morning sun shone brightly overhead, covering the world below in a blanket of light. As my eyes adjusted, I couldn’t help but marvel at the sight.
The millions of people—humans, elves, and dwarves alike—gathered together, as if touching the horizon. Clustered tightly, hoping to just be inches closer to their continent’s leaders. An air of excitement, respect and jubilance could be felt all the way up here.
“What?” Virion smirked. “Never had a crowd of over a million people cheer for you?”
I shook my head with a helpless smile on my face, thinking to myself how many times I had in my past life. “Was this your idea?”
“Why? Are you angry?” Virion turned to the crowd, nudging me forward so the people below could get a better view of me.
“If it was anyone other than you? Yes.”
“Good. Now keep smiling and wave at them. They can see you on a wide-scale projection behind us.”
Taking a quick glance at the enormous projection behind me, I couldn’t help but think of Emily Watsken when she had disclosed to me in class that she was the one that designed this apparition. Looking back ahead, I raised an arm and waved to the mass, Sylvie following suit atop my shoulder.
The thundering cheers slowly softened to a buzz of excitement as everyone except Virion and I stepped back toward the back of the balcony. “Now. You wouldn’t happen to have a speech ready for the upcoming war, right?”
“You’re kidding me, right?” I struggled to maintain a calm smile.
“I want you to be the one presenting the announcement,” Virion said, his voice unwavering as he handed me the voice amplifying artifact he had clipped onto his collar.
“Virion. I can’t.” My voice faltered as the people below waited excitedly for someone to speak. “I haven’t even prepared myself to accept this position as a lance let alone give a speech as one.”

“I didn’t want you to prepare. These are your people, Arthur. You grew up amongst them and they’ll listen to you with much more sincerity and empathy than if some spoonfed noble spoke.”
“That’s only if I deliver a well thought-out speech,” I argued as I turned to shake Virion’s hand as an excuse to prolong the inevitable.
“I trust you. Just speak from your heart.” Virion stepped back as the trickle of cheers silenced into an anxious rest.
While even the closest people in the mass were no larger than the nail of my thumb from where I was standing, I was still able to find my parents amongst them with my sister riding atop Boo’s large shoulder.
The apprehension that came with unpreparedness dwindled as I locked eyes with my mother. Even with augmented vision, I was barely able to make out the gentle smile on her face, but that was enough.
I knew what to say.
Letting out a deep breath, I stood at the edge of the castle balcony and turned on the voice amplifying artifact.
A loud buzz resounded, telling me that the artifact was now on. I took another step forward so I was leaning forward on the balcony rail, waiting patiently for the last of the cheers to subside.
“Despite my age, I’ve read countless books on this continent’s history and economy. Yet, in none of those books does it explain what makes their citizens love their country. Some historians have speculated that it’s because they were born there that they have a natural inclination toward their homeland. One author by the name of Jespik Lempter argued that there is an intricate trickledown effect that starts from the leaders being able to provide for their people, down to parents being able to feed their children. He stated that as long as that flow of security in livelihood is kept, natural loyalty to their providing country is kept.
“I tell you this because I disagree with both claims. I believe that loyalty isn’t a calculated maneuver by the citizens and neither is it so singular that lives can be risked based on the area someone was born in. I think it’s rather presumptuous to even try to find a single, all-encompassing formula for loyalty.
“But one thing is certain: loyalty is always easier when times are easy. It’s easy to cheer for your king when your children are well-fed and your land is prosperous. It’s easy to rally behind an army when you know it’s going to win. But this isn’t like those times. Through this war, your loyalty to this country—to this entire continent—will be tested, because there will be times when you’ll be faced with a choice between dying with your people, or hoping to live with your enemies.” The air amongst the crowd darkened as my voice fell into a whisper, but I continued.
“The fact that I’m up here right now speaks for the choice that I’m going to make when that time comes for me, but it isn’t because of my title as a lance. My loyalty wasn’t bought, nor was it freely given. My loyalty to this continent and to everyone in it was nurtured from my childhood in the countryside, then as an adventurer, then a student, then a teacher, and now, it’ll be proven as a lance.
“Sure, this continent and its leaders have their flaws, but what no one can say is that they haven’t tried. The joining of the three kingdoms to form the Council would’ve been unheard of a few generations ago, yet the leaders of the three races put aside their pride and differences to unite and share the resources amongst one another to better this continent and those that live in it. While discrimination may still exist, this land we live in belongs to all of us, and just beyond this city is an army aboard over a hundred ships approaching our shores. We’ve been given an option to either give up the lives of all the royal families that have served this continent in exchange for taking our land without a fight or to presume with this war on a greater, much more devastating scale.
“Commander Virion was ready to give up his own life to protect this continent—to protect you—but I said it wasn’t his call since this doesn’t only affect his and his family’s lives, but everyone’s lives here.”
I turned around and motioned for Virion and everyone else to come forward. “I would rather fight and risk dying for the life I’ve come to love here rather than betray my brethren in hopes of a promise that our enemies—enemies that have already separated families—may or may not keep.
But I dare not speak for everyone in this continent. The only thing I can say with full confidence is that, if given the chance, every one of us up here will fight to our last breaths to protect this continent from the likes of those who dare invade us.”
It was utter quiet for what seemed like hours until a single voice broke the silence.

“Long live Dicathen.”
That single proclamation set off an eruption. As if the crowd of over a million people had choreographed their cheer, a thundering chant resounded, shaking the ground and very castle we were in.
“Long live Dicathen. Long live Dicathen. Long live Dicathen.”

I turned off the voice amplifying artifact and let out a deep breath of relief when Sylvie hopped off my shoulder.
As the cheer grew to its climax, my bond transformed from her pearly fox form into that of an almighty dragon.
It was when she spread out her wings that I was shown once again how much she had grown over the years. Her wingspan surpassed the width of the balcony as gales blasted down at the crowd with each beat of her black wings.
While I was startled that she would reveal herself now without giving me any notice, I played along and unsheathed the giant sword on my back and held it high in the air, just as my bond faced the sky and let loose a thunderous roar that shook the very air around us, instilling fear and awe to the people gathered below us.
Although Sylvie’s meddling immediately disrupted the crowd’s chanting, an even louder cheer erupted at our powerful display
I turned back around to see wide eyes at the turn of events.
“I thought you didn’t have anything prepared,” Virion said with a raised brow.
I shrugged in response as Sylvie shrank back to her pup form and hopped onto my shoulder. “I didn’t.”
‘I did good, right?’ Sylvie chirped in my mind.
‘You got the message across, show-off,’ I replied, tousling the fur on my bond’s little head.
Curtis came up to me, beaming in excitement. “That last bit was terrific. I mean, I heard that Sylvie was a dragon from the students that were there at school when we were attacked but...”
The prince let out a wistful sigh as he shifted glances between Sylvie and me before stepping forward to wave at the captivated mass roaring our names.
After several minutes of receiving the crowd’s cheers, we slowly retreated back into the castle. As I walked back, I couldn’t help but notice Tess stride off, heading back toward the teleportation gate we had come from without a word to any of us.

“I take it that Tessia is still mad at me?” I asked Virion, who was walking alongside me.
“Mad, frustrated, annoyed, offended—I’m not sure which, but I do know that whatever she’s feeling towards you isn’t good,” he chuckled. “Now, I’m sure you you have some things to take care of with your family, but I need you back at the castle as soon as you’re done.”
“I’ll be back at the castle as soon as I send my parents off, but I’m still not sure whether it’d be best to keep my sister in the castle or have her go with my parents,” I said.
“There are quite a lot of children and mothers that are going to be in the castle. Some of them are even teachers at magic academies, so it might be beneficial for her to stay there, but that’s only if she’s okay with being separated from you and your parents,” he noted.
“Yeah, you have a point. I’ll try to convince her.”
Virion nodded as he dug into the inside pocket of his robe. “There’s one last thing that you need to think about.”
He pulled his hand out and opened it in front of me to reveal a black coin the size of his palm. The coin glimmered at the slightest movement, drawing my attention to the complex engravings that were etched all over it. “This is one of the artifacts that were handed down to me. I had given this and the other artifact to my son when I resigned from the throne, but after Alea’s death, he gave this back to me, saying I should choose the next lance.”
I stood there silently for a moment, mesmerized by the oval coin that seemed to pulse in Virion’s hand. “So this is the artifact that Alea had?”
“Yes. Bonding it with your blood and mine will trigger it, giving you the boost that allowed all the other lances to break into the white stage. I know you’re not an elf, but I’d be honored if you’d serve as a lance under me.”
My hands twitched, tempted to accept his gift that would give me a better chance to fight the Four Scythes and their retainers.
Letting out a sigh, I shook my head. “I’ll fight for you even without this bond, but I can’t take this. I may regret it, but it doesn’t feel right for me to cheat my way into the white stage. I’ll get there on my own.”
“Good choice,” the familiar, hoarse voice of a certain asura chimed in from behind me.
I looked back over my shoulder to see the purple-eyed asura walk over, his arms behind his back.
“Lord Aldir,” Virion bowed curtly, his palm still open for the asura to see.
Aldir lifted the coin from his hand and studied it with a downward glance. “While this artifact may give you a tremendous boost in strength, it greatly inhibits the potential to grow further.”
The asura tossed the coin back to Virion as he continued speaking. “Normally, I’d recommend that any lessers take the opportunity to use this, especially in these dangerous times, but Arthur, you’re a different case. Your talent aside, in you Lady Sylvie’s dragon blood courses through your veins, and the powerful will of her mother inside your mana core. It may serve as a risk during the war, but I’d suggest you don’t take it.”
“Thank you for the heads up,” I replied. Taking a look around, I noticed that, while Blaine and Priscilla Glayder remained here, Curtis and Kathyln, along with Tess and her parents were gone.
“Are you heading back to the castle right now as well?” I asked Virion.
Virion nodded solemnly. “There’s much to prepare for. Blaine and Priscilla will help prepare this city with the help of their lances in the meantime. We won’t know where exactly they’ll land or how spread out they’re going to be, but it’s vital that we protect this city. Fortunately, the ships are still a few days away.”
“I understand. I’ll meet you back as soon as I’ve taken care of everything here.”
As Virion and Aldir prepared to go through the teleportation gate, the white-haired asura turned back, matching my gaze with his single, purple eye. “Arthur, are you ready for this war?”
My lips curled up into smirk as I let out a chuckle. “No, but I don’t plan on losing to those damn Vritras.”
Aldir smiled in return and turned back around. “Good. That’s what I like to hear.”





Chapter 147
Chapter 147: Role
As Virion and Aldir headed back to the castle, I remained behind to wish my mother and father, who were insistent about rejoining the Twin Horns and helping out in the war, off. As we said our goodbyes, I had tried to dissuade them from going near the western shore where the fighting would be the heaviest, but they were against it.
What frustrated me was that I couldn’t blame them for it either; for them, this land was their home and protecting it was only natural. For me, maybe there was a certain amount of detachment despite growing up here since I remembered my previous life. I treated Dicathen as my home because this was where my family was, and it was a large factor as to why I decided to fight against the Vritra.
Removing the last of my armor, I sank down into my seat and let out a deep breath.
“Damn it,” I cursed, rubbing my temples.
“Getting into an argument with them wasn’t the best way to part,” Sylvie spoke as she laid down, resting her head on her paws from the top of the polished tea table.
“Thank you for enlightening me”—I rolled my eyes—“I just don’t understand why they wouldn’t listen to my advice. I didn’t say anything wrong.”
“You basically told them to go off into some remote area and stay hidden,” she replied.
“Those were not the words I used,” I retorted, kicking off my boots.
“But that’s what you meant.”
“I just want them to stay safe,” I murmured, conceding.
Sylvie hopped off the tea table and onto the armrest of my chair. “If they were more concerned about their own safety, your parents wouldn’t have cared to join the war.”
“Well, I’m more concerned about my family’s safety than this war. I’m thankful that they’re at least leaving Ellie behind, but that doesn’t mean they should just go out risking their lives.”
My bond nodded her head. “I know.”
“I’m just hoping that they know I’m concerned for them as their son, not as some...” I let my voice trail off as I let out another deep sigh.
“It’s going to be hard for them to discern now that they know,” Sylvie said softly, placing a comforting paw on my arm.
I sank lower into my seat as I stared at my bond for a moment. “When exactly did you figured out what I was, anyway?”

“I think I’ve always known, but I just could never come up with the term to describe it. We do share thoughts, after all.”
“Every thought?” I asked, stunned.
“Mhmm.”
“But you only answered when I directly spoke to you. And I don’t hear your thoughts unless you’re speaking directly to my mind.”
“For me, speaking to your mind is much like speaking out loud. I’ve learned to keep some thoughts hidden; I can’t say the same for you though,” she giggled.
My eyes grew wide in horror. “That means—”
“Do I know about your constant emotional turmoil when it comes to Tessia? Yup,” she grinned.
I let out a groan.
“Don’t worry. I’ve listened to all of your fleeting thoughts since I was born. I didn’t start understanding until a bit later, but I’ve grown used to it over the years,” she consoled, her sharp teeth still showing as her grin remained.
“Well, I haven’t ‘grown used to’ anything at all,” I grumbled.
Sylvie’s grin faded as she stared at me with her bright yellow eyes. “We’re going to battle soon. Grandfather told me while training me that while I’m still far from reaching the level of a true asura, his blood still runs through me. This means that, while I can fight alongside you in this war, I’m not invincible. The best way to stay alive is to rely on each other.”
“Of course,” I said, confused by what brought this on.
“I’m saying this because I have things that I’ve hidden from you—things I’ve just found out recently, and I feel like you’re the only one that I can trust with my life,” she replied, reading my mind.
“Sylv, you know that you can trust me with whatever it is. I’ve raised you since you were born, after all.”
“Thank you.” My bond hopped off the armrest and onto my seat and rested her head on my lap.
There was a moment of silence as I pondered what she said. I knew she could read my thoughts but, as she mentioned, it really didn’t matter. No matter how curious I was, I didn’t bother asking her what these ‘things’ were that she had found out; she would’ve already told me if she wanted to. What worried me was the fact that this was the first time she had expressed any sort of fear for her life. Despite our numerous encounters with dangerous situations, she had always remained strong and fearless, but now, I could feel her apprehension toward this war.
I gently stroked Sylvie’s soft head. “How did you get so smart anyway? It seems like ever since coming back from Epheotus, you’ve had this huge growth. And don’t get me started on your growing ego.”
“You’re just bitter because you’re taking life advice from a fox younger than you. And I’ve always been a fast learner—why do you think I always stayed on top of your head?”
“So you were learning by observing our surroundings?” I asked.

“Yup. And it helps that you know a lot and I have free access to your thoughts,” she confirmed as she nestled in closer to my leg.
I could tell she was tired so, while I had a thousand questions about her seemingly sudden change in demeanor, I knew I had to wait.
My eyes remained focused on the steady breathing of my bond as she slept soundly. She hadn’t really changed much. There was still a sense of immaturity in her voice despite the change in the way she spoke; It felt like she was forcing herself to become more mature.

I wasn’t sure what Lord Indrath had drilled into my bond while training her but one thing was for sure—she had become aware that she was an asura.
As Sylvie’s breathing became slower and more rhythmic, I leaned my head back on the chair, staring up at the flat ceiling of my room as I organized my thoughts.
While Virion and the rest didn’t know this, Windsom had told me what Agrona and the rest of his clan was like. He and the rest of the Vritra had been experimenting on what the asuras called ‘lesser races’ even before they had escaped to Alacrya. The few accounts of mages that had appeared at the Wall weren’t anything special, but I knew they were simply cannon fodder meant to create mayhem with the mana beasts under their control to divide our forces.
If what Windsom said was true, then the horde of ships approaching our shores would include mages with asura blood coursing through their veins. And this was centuries ago. I could only imagine how much they had progressed since then and what they would do to the people of Dicathen if the Vritra won this siege. This place would just become a breeding ground for soldiers that Agrona would use to conquer Epheotus.
“Arthur.”
The hoarse baritone voice snapped me out of my thoughts. “Isn’t there some sort of etiquette to knock when entering someone’s room, or at least using the door for that matter?”
“The tone of your response tells me things didn’t go well with the business that you had to take care of?” Aldir said as he calmly took on the couch across from me.
“Why are you here? I thought you would be with the Council,” I said, ignoring his words.
“There is something that I need from you,” Aldir replied, his glowing purple eye’s piercing gaze directed at me.
I stared back, my gaze unwavering. “And what is that?”
There was a tense silence until Aldir let out a sigh.
“Your help,” Aldir admitted. “Lord Indrath told me to rely on your judgment throughout the course of this war, and after your speech earlier, I think I understand why.”
“What did Lord Indrath mean when he said to rely on my judgment?” I asked. As I sat up, Sylvie stirred awake but drifted back to sleep almost immediately after.
“Lord Indrath realized that your contribution to this war shouldn’t be limited to just being a sword. While there will be times when you’ll be needed in the field, sending you out to every battle that occurs will only tire you out. The times when you won’t be needed, you’ll be by my side in the council, strategizing with us and giving us your input.”

“Let me get this straight; you want a sixteen-year-old making life-changing decisions with the Council?” I scoffed.
“Aside from the fact that you are just a lesser, you’re not a normal child. Don’t think that this eye is just a pretty decoration. I knew there was something off about you the first time we’d met, but it was only by Lord Indrath’s words that I had realized just how much.”
“Is there something I get in return for helping you?” I asked, resting my head on my hand.
Aldir’s eye narrowed. “I came in good faith to ask for your help, but it is to both of our benefit that you cooperate. Losing this war means either dying, getting enslaved, or worse. Not just for you, but for your loved ones as well.”
“You could’ve at least thrown me a bone,” I sighed. “Yeah, I’ll help, but I’m not sure how much of my advice the Council is willing to listen to. Virion might listen, but everyone else...”
“Let me worry about that,” Aldir replied. “Besides, you won’t only be in meetings. I have other plans for you as well.”
“When you say ‘other plans’ like that, it sounds kind of ominous,” I chuckled.
“As I said; you are a powerhouse in this war—maybe more so than the lances given a few years. I would certainly not waste your abilities by having you sit through those lessers—I mean the Council—bicker with one another.”
I shook my head and let out a helpless laugh. “It must be frustrating for you, being here and restrained from helping despite the amount of manpower you could provide just by yourself.”
“My time will come. If the defense of this siege is successful, then our army of asuras will be able to take care of Agrona and his weakened force with the help of the Dicathen army.”
“It seems like this war is far from over,” I sighed.
“Yes, but this fight will be the start of a new era. If Dicathen wins and fights alongside us asuras, Agrona and his clan of traitors and mutts will fall and everyone will gain access to a new continent.”
Aldir sounded hopeful, almost excited, despite usual calm demeanor.
“You’ve lost someone to Agrona, haven’t you?” I asked, seeing the expression on the asura’s face.
“Many of us lost a loved one in that battle—no, it would be better described as a massacre,” Aldir answered, the brow underneath his third eye twitching.
“Well, you heard what I said to Virion; I have no intentions of losing this war, but if you’re going to ask my help in this, you need to trust in the advice that I do give.”
Letting out a laugh through his nose, he replied, “Never did I think that in all my years, a lesser would speak to me like this.”
“Well, these lessers are fighting your battles for you, so at least have the decency to call them by the names of their actual race,” I replied with a smirk.
“You ask for a lot, Arthur Leywin, but very well.” The white-haired asura stood up, smoothing out the creases in his ivory robe. “It’s about time I headed back down to the meeting room. It worries me every time I leave those less—people alone for too long. We will be expecting you shortly.”
I let out a chuckle. “Sure, I’ll go down soon, but I’m curious about something.”
“What is it?” the asura replied, looking back over his shoulder.
“The two remaining lances that couldn’t join us today. I know you said two years ago that they’re working under you, but you didn’t kill them or something, right?”
Aldir shook his head. “Even I wouldn’t be so rash as to kill a lance on a whim. While political envoys can be replaced, the power of a lance can take years to develop, even if they had a particularly high compatibility with the artifact. I planned on bringing up the subject on those two at the meeting, but since you brought it up, I’d like your input on this matter.”
I nodded fervently as the asura revealed what he had been planning by using the two lances, when an idea struck me. My lips curled into a wicked grin as I let out a devious laugh. “Not bad, but I have a better idea.”





Chapter 148
Chapter 148: First Assignment
A cloud of frosty fog formed with each breath as I made my way toward the bustling encampment. The soldiers had set up their tents and lit fires behind a formation of large rocks standing over a couple dozen feet high underneath a cliff by the shore. The soft flickers of fires and trails of smoke stood out from the distance but the towering barricade of boulders served as a natural defense from anyone coming from the waters.
I could make out a few watchmen stationed atop the cliff overarching the camp, barely visible even with augmented vision due to the layer of haze surrounding the entire beach.
Wrapping the woolen cloak tightly around me, I shrouded myself in another layer of mana to keep the sharp winter winds away.
<em>Almost there,</em> I informed Sylvie, who was buried deep within the layers of my clothes.
My bond peeked her head out and almost immediately hid herself inside my cloak after letting out a sour grumble.
For such a mighty being, you’re sure weak to the cold, I teased, continuing the last leg of our trek.
<em>‘You’re not the one that had to fly through that cursed wind. It feels like my wings have holes in them even in this form,’</em> she complained. <em>‘And I’m not weak to the cold; I just hate it.’</em>
I let out a soft chuckle as I picked up my pace. Ever since we declined any sort of truce with Alacrya, Aldir couldn’t risk breaking the asura’s agreement by creating teleportation gates anymore. This meant that I had to rely on Sylvie for long distance transportation anywhere away from the already existing teleportation gates. I only had her transform a mile or so back as to not draw attention.
As per Virion’s request, I was to stay with this division and aid them in the unlikely scenario that Alacryan ships were sent this far down the coast. However, unbeknownst to him, I had added another item to his agenda.
Walking along the bottom of the cliff, I hid my presence. While most mages hid their presence by rescinding their mana, my training in Epheotus taught me that a perfect balance of mana output through my mana channels and mana input through my mana veins would allow me to stay hidden from even the most alert mana beasts while still being able to use mana.
I was able to spot a rather conspicuously large, house-shaped tent near the foot of the cliff where the formation of boulders met. Judging from the fact that the tent was located in the safest area of the large, semi-circular encampment and that it was three times the size of any of the other shoddy tents around, I could only assume it belonged to the captain.
As I arrived near the edge of the camp, I picked up a few broken pieces of wood along the way and naturally walked past the resting soldiers.
No one seemed to mind; with my hood up and an armful of branches and twigs, I probably looked like any other young soldier wishfully hoping to earn a title by contributing in the war.
Some of the seasoned soldiers, polishing their weapons and armor against the dainty firelight, glanced in my direction with little regard while a group of younger soldiers—obviously conjurers of noble descent based on their embellished attire and flashy staffs—jeered and smirked at my plain attire.
<em>‘Those ignorant clowns have no idea who they’re scoffing at,’</em> Sylvie hissed as she peeked at their expressions.<em> ‘They’re better off used as bait.’</em>
<em>Easy</em>, I soothed. You sure learned some colorful insults from Lord Indrath.
As I walked deeper into the encampment, I passed through the cooking station. Large fires blazing inside earthen pits formed through magic were lined neatly with stews bubbled tantalizingly inside pots as large, barrel-chested men cleaved away at chunks of meat.
“Clear the pots for the skewered meat! Benfir and Schren, get ready to start handing out the stew!” A rather small-framed woman with a fierce expression roared out orders with a ladle in hand, held more like a weapon than a tool.

The ladle-wielding woman looked back over her shoulder as I passed by her. She gave me a respectful nod, which caught me by surprise since I had assumed no one would recognize who I was this far out from civilization.
I had almost arrived at the large tent in the farthest corner of the camp when the high-pitched clash of metal on metal drew my attention. Dropping the branches I had in my hands, I peered over the group of soldiers that had formed a circle around the source of the sounds, seeing two augmenters engaged in a friendly bout. The sharp shrieks of their swords drew sparks even with the layer of mana covering their blades while they parried each other’s strikes with obvious deft.
“You’ve gotten better, Cedry,” said the short-haired soldier. While he looked a bit shorter than me, his arms looked almost unnaturally long. He used his slender frame and long, flexible limbs to his advantage by delivering fast, irregular strikes with dual daggers.
“And yet, you’re still a pain to fight against, Jona,” the girl named Cedry replied with a confident smirk as she ducked Jona’s swipe. She was clearly at a disadvantage with her gauntlets against an opponent who excelled in long-ranged strikes, but she wasn’t losing.
As she nimbly ducked, weaved and parried Jona’s dual-wielding assault, something about her held my interest.
It wasn’t until I focused on her ears that I realized why I had felt that way.
<em>She’s a half-elf,</em> I pointed out to Sylvie, who had lost interest in the match and was back inside my cloak.
At my observation, my bond peeked her head back out. ‘Oh! She is. We haven’t come across one besides that ill-tempered Lucas.’
<em>Ill-tempered is putting it lightly,</em> I chuckled, my gaze still on the fight.
<em>‘Shouldn’t we notify the captain of our arrival first?’</em> Sylvie reminded.
<em>You’re right. I got side-tracked,</em> I thought, turning away from the duel.
<em>‘You always do when it comes to these kinds of fights,’</em> she teased.
There’s something about close combat that makes a fight exciting, unlike long-ranged conjuring, I agreed, walking back.
As we reached the large white tent, an armored guard gripping a halberd stopped me. “What business do you have in here?”
“Is this the captain’s tent?” I asked, my hood still covering half my face.
“I said, what business you have in here?” the guard repeated, his gaze unrelenting.
Letting out a deep breath, I held out a medallion.
Upon sight, the guard’s narrow eyes widened in shock. His gaze shifted from the gold medallion back to me with a look of horror at the blunder he had made. “I-I’m so so-sorry, Gen—”
“Shhh,” I mouthed before he could finish speaking. I held up my hand. “I don’t want my visit to cause a stir so let’s just keep this between us.”
“Y-Yes, sir,” he nodded furiously as he opened the flap to the tent.
As I stepped inside the spacious tent, a gust of warmth flooded my body. It felt as if a layer of ice was melting off my face as I removed my cloak. The first thing I couldn’t help but notice was the flare hawk nestled near the entrance.

<em>‘I remember her,’</em> Sylvie chimed in my head as she hopped to the ground.
I turned to the woman sitting behind a small wooden desk, unconcerned of the intrusion.
“Professor Glory,” I greeted with a faint grin as she finally looked up, her face brightening at the sight of her old student. My old Team-Fighting Mechanics professor looked the same as always with her tanned complexion and brunette hair tied tightly behind her head. While she was wearing a light armor even inside the tent, her two giant swords leaned close by against a drawer behind her.

“It’s good to see you, General Leywin,” she smirked, coming around her desk.
“Please, just call me Arthur,” I said helplessly.
“Then I’d prefer if you just called me Vanesy,” she said, spreading out her arms. “After all, I’m not your professor anymore.”
Accepting her hug,I noted that this was my first time hearing Professor Glory’s first name. “Well then. Do you mind giving me a brief report of the situation here, Vanesy?”
Releasing me from her firm grasp, Vanesy acknowledged Sylvie with a polite nod before reaching behind her desk. After a moment of rummaging, she held out a rolled up parchment, but started speaking even before I could open it.
“Right now, it’s just me and my division of roughly three thousand. My division is on the smaller side but we have with us fifty-eight mages, twenty of whom are conjurers while ten are long-range augmenters to make up for the numbers,” she recited.
I nodded in understanding while skimming through the parchment. “There’s supposed to be one other captain along with you, right?”
“Captain Auddyr and his division are making the march up here from Maybur City. I can send out a transmission if you’d like,” my old professor answered.
“No need. Truth be told, I’m not even expecting a ship to veer off this far south,” I admitted, handing Vanesy back the parchment.
“I heard about your big plan set up for those Alacryan bastards up the coast,” she chuckled. “You think it’s going to work?”
“It’ll slow them down, and with any luck, sink a few of their ships.”
“A shame we won’t be there to see it,” she said regretfully. The bright-eyed professor that I had fought with down at Widow’s Crypt then pulled out a leather flask from her drawer, biting off the cork before gulping down what I could only assume was alcohol.
“Care for a swig, General Leywin?” she winked, holding the flask up.
“I’m a minor, you know.”
Vanesy scoffed. “If you’re old enough to go to war, you’re old enough to drink.”
My lips curled up into a smirk as I grabbed her flask and took a gulp. The smoky liquid seared my throat as it made its way into my stomach, warming up my insides.

<em>‘Is it smart to inhibit yourself like this before a battle?’</em> Sylvie asked with a tone of disapproval.
Relax. It’s just one sip, I replied.
Stifling back a cough, I handed the leather bottle back to my former professor. “That’s got quite the kick.”
“Mhmm,” Vanesy agreed. “Although you’re going to need a bit more than that to keep yourself warm out there. Aren’t you freezing in that thin outfit of yours?”
I looked down at my attire. While I wasn’t expecting a battle, I was dressed for one. My inner gray garment was skin-tight, with the sleeve coming up to my wrist. While seemingly thin, it was elastic enough for me to freely move in but also strong enough to withstand sharp edges to a certain degree. The only thing I wore over this was a simple black tunic that draped loosely over my shoulders. The sleeves stopped at the elbows, allowing me unimpeded movement of my arms.
I shook my head. “I’ve grown used to constantly surrounding myself with mana to keep me warm. Honestly, even this cloak is just for appearance’s sake.”
“Why’s that? Commander Virion wanted me to have you speak in front of the soldiers anyway—you know, for motivation.”
“About that,” I grinned. “Let’s hold off on that until Captain Auddyr arrives. I was hoping to have a little fun in the camp.”
“Uh oh,” my former professor groaned. “What are you up to?”
I shook my head disapprovingly. “Now is that any way to speak to your superior?”
“Fine,” she relented. “Just don’t mortally wound my soldiers.”
“What kind of person do you take me for?” I replied innocently, putting my cloak back on as I headed back toward the cloth door.
“Are there any soldiers who’d recognize who I am?” I asked, remembering the head chef bowing to me.
“We’re pretty far out from any sort of mass communication. I recently got a written letter delivered by a carrier with the latest updates but I haven’t announced any of it,” she answered. “Besides, with your shaggy hair and those plain clothes, you’d easily pass as a new recruit picked up from the countryside.”
“There’s an old saying that a wise man appears weak when he is strong and strong when he is weak,” I replied, pointing at the dazzling armor engraved with intricate decorations she had on.
“It’s for protection, not for showing off,” she argued.
“Not when the design on the armor matches your bond’s armor,” I teased, glancing at the silver armor hanging on a stand next to Torch.
“You’ve become a wise-ass since becoming a lance,” she grumbled.
“Oh please, I’ve been a wise-ass long before becoming a lance,” I rebutted.
My former professor chortled as she leaned back against her desk. “‘Appear weak when you’re strong’; I like that.”
“Feel free to steal it,” I said as I headed out of the tent. I couldn’t tell my former professor that this quote was from an ancient general from my previous life, but she didn’t seem to be curious of its origin.
<em>‘What did you want to do?’</em> Sylvie asked curiously as she nestled on top of my head.
<em>Evaluate the competency of the current state of our soldiers, of course.</em>
Sylvie’s sense of doubt flooded my mind as she let out a sigh. <em>‘You mean play-fight with them?’</em>
<em>Just for a little bit.</em>
<em>‘Even as your bond, I sometimes find myself worried that the fate of this continent relies heavily on you.’</em>





Chapter 149
Chapter 149: A Simple Cook
As I lifted the tent flap, I caught sight of the guard stationed outside. As soon as our eyes met, his giant body stiffened into a frantic salute. “G-Gen—”
“Remember...” I reminded, winking at the terrified guard as I pressed my finger to my lips.
Without waiting for a response, I made my way back to the growing cluster of soldiers cheering louder than before.
The fight between the half-elf girl named Cedry and the long-armed Jona seemed to have come to an end as a new pair of fighters brawled it out on an earthen platform a conjurer had erected.
The casual spar of the two soldiers had escalated into a full-blown event as the audience moved logs and tree stumps to make seats. Some of the more enthusiastic members of the crowd began making wagers with their peers, from the meat slices of their next meals to more precious resources like alcohol that they had smuggled inside hidden water pouches. All in all, the encampment had a jubilant atmosphere that was unbefitting of this continent’s current circumstances.
Blending myself in with the crowd, I made my way toward the front of the makeshift arena where I found Cedry and Jona spectating from the ground.
“It was a good fight,” I remarked, taking a seat next to the dagger-wielding soldier named Jona. “Who ended up winning?”
The half-elf who fought using gauntlets. just like my father. looked at me with a victorious smile as she raised up her hand flauntingly in front of Jona.
Jona ruffled his short, disheveled hair in frustration. “One time, Cedry. You’ve won one time.”
“The first victory of many to come,” she snickered.
I chuckled, looking at the two of them bicker. “I wish I could’ve seen how it ended.”
Letting out a laugh, Jona stuck out a hand. “My name is Jona, and the immature girl next to me is Cedry. I don’t think I’ve seen you around. Are you a new recruit?”
“I guess you can say that.” I shook both their hands. “You can call me Arthur.”
“Well, Arthur, judging by how things are going, it looks like we’ll be able to enjoy a lot more fights tonight,” Jona said, focusing back at the fight currently taking place.
The fight had just ended with a large, bear-like augmenter finally landing a finishing hit on his light-footed opponent. As the defeated soldier jumped off the stage, nursing his stricken cheek, my gaze fell on Jona and Cedry once more. Jona’s features were fairly ordinary, with sharp angles and a slight, beaked nose. Cedry, on the other hand, stood out a bit more. With her radiant gaze that seemed full of life and her playful demeanor. I wouldn’t be surprised if she were popular with both men and women. Just in the short time I’d sat down next to them, at least a dozen or so peers walked by, making jokes or congratulating her on her win.
“—country bumpkin! Get your head outta yer ass,” a loud, gritty voice snapped.

I turned toward the source of the voice only to see the bear-like augmenter staring back down at me.
I looked around until I realized that he was talking to me. “Do I really look like I came from the countryside?” I asked Jona.
“Stop going after fresh recruits, Herrick, and grow the balls to at least spar with someone in your weight class,” Cedry hissed back, eliciting a howl of laughter from the rest of the crowd.
I got up to my feet. “It’s okay. We’re just having fun, right?”
“Y-Yeah,” the balding Herrick quickly agreed. “I’m using this chance to show the new recruits some pointers!”
Taking off my cloak with Sylvie inside, I hopped up to the elevated stage and held out my hand. “Well then, please give me lots of pointers.”
Herrick grabbed my hand, squeezing it a little too tightly for it to be a warm gesture. “ I’ll give you the first move.”
Letting go of my hand, he spread his arms out with a smug grin pasted on his greasy face as his eyes glanced over toward a group of girls seated in the audience.
While Herrick’s body seemed a bit too round to be efficient in battle, the layer of mana enveloped around him told me he was a competent mage.
Wanting to see how he fought, I limited the amount of mana I willed into my body as I stepped in range to attack.
As my fist approached his abdomen, I could see the mana gathering where he thought I’d hit. The giant augmenter barely flinched as my fist sunk into his heaping stomach.
“You’re going to have to try harder than that, country brat!” he chuckled as I pulled away.
I shook my hand. “So strong.”
“Now, let me show you some pointers.” His smile grew as he glanced again at the group of girls watching us.
He swung a giant hand to swat me off the platform. Taking the hit, I landed on my bottom rather embarrassingly but without any injuries. “Oh man, I couldn’t even react.”
There was a bit of irritation on my opponent’s face as he assumed I’d go sailing off the stage, but his arrogant smirk was still there. “You’re lucky I held back or you would’ve gone flying. Those Alacryan bastards aren’t going to go easy on you, though.”
“You’re right. Thank you.” I tried to sound enthusiastic like a country bumpkin who was now part of a military filled with mages of noble blood but it was becoming tiring.
The fight went on for several more minutes with Herrick trying to swat me out of the arena using his meaty hands while I pretended to get the full brunt of his attack only to stumble a few feet.

“Come on, Herrick. I know you’re going easy on him but don’t baby him all day!” a soldier cried out while his peers agreed.
“I-I just don’t wanna to hurt the twig, you know?” he replied, his frustration evident on his face.
So far, I’d gathered that by the callouses on his hands and the way his arms naturally attacked, he used a heavy axe as his primary weapon. However, besides his decent control in body-strengthening, he had no other tricks up his sleeve. Deciding that my assessment of him was over, I used the chance when Herrick reached over to grab me by twisting my body and tossing him over my shoulders off of the arena.

The whole act looked like one big blunder. Even Herrick was surprised to see himself looking up at me from the floor.
“W-Wait, I tripped!” he cried, looking around desperately as he waved his hands. “That doesn’t count.”
The crowd erupted into laughter and jeers as they mockingly booed Herrick away from the stage.
Even while only using ten percent of my mana and withholding any use of elemental spells, Herrick was a joke. But I couldn’t say that out loud, of course.
“Looks like I got lucky,” I said helplessly up on the stage while scratching my cheek.
“I wanted to beat Herrick’s giant ass, but I guess it can’t be helped.” A tall woman with her black hair tied back tightly behind her head jumped up onstage. “Let’s see if you really were just lucky, greenhorn.”
“Please go easy on me,” I said placatingly.
My opponent was well over six feet, just a few inches taller than me, but her thin and toned frame made her look even taller than she actually was. With a dark complexion and sharp, narrow eyes to complement her straight black hair, she looked like a panther ready to pounce.
“I’m used to fighting with a staff so I’d appreciate it if you used a weapon as well,” she said as a wooden staff appeared out of the dimension ring on her finger. From the ring she had just used and the rich colors of her clothes, it was obvious that she was a noble but that fact seemed trivial to her.
“Don’t kill the kid, Nyphia!” her friend cried out in genuine concern.
I chuckled timidly. “Sorry, the smith is repairing my sword right now but I can—”
“Someone give the boy a sword his size,” Nymphia snapped impatiently as she stretched her neck.
An unfamiliar soldier threw me his short sword still in it’s sheath almost immediately. I let out a sigh as I carefully slid the blade out of its scabbard and covered it in mana to dull the edges.
Unlike Herrick, my new opponent didn’t let her guard down as she dropped to a low stance. She held her wooden staff out with it’s tip aimed at the ground while her feline eyes peered straight into me.

“Poor boy, getting marked by Nyphia,” someone muttered behind me.
Letting out a sigh, I took a stance as well. I was hoping to use this casual event to get a sense for some of the soldiers here but this girl seemed to have other plans. “Are you ready?”
The dark-skinned augmenter let out an irritated scoff, as if I’d somehow offended her. “Are you ready?”
She pounced on me like a bolt of lightning as soon as I nodded in reply. Her body remained low even as she was in range while she pulled her staff in close to her body, ready to strike me.
Just from her first strike, I could tell what sort of fighter Nyphia was. Her control over mana was excellent—on a different tier than Herrick—but she lacked real experience. Her moves were fast but also obvious. Her intent all but leaked out of her body with each attack she attempted. Most likely, she only had experience fighting against guards or other professionals too scared to hurt her, which didn’t help her short temper and over-inflated confidence.
Each lunge, swipe, thrust, and swing she threw at me, I parried or dodged—but just barely. On the outside, it looked like I was getting pushed back as I desperately tried to keep up. To Nyphia, her temper reached a new high after each failed attempt to land a solid hit.
As my back foot leaned off the edge of the platform we were on, I used the momentum from Nyphia’s over-emotional thrust to send her out of bounds to end the match but she kept her balance with the help of her staff.
Leaping back to the center, she shook her head. “Not this time. Amber, raise a cage around the arena!”
“This is just a friendly competition, not a death match,” I argued.
She disagreed. “No, this is practice for the war that’s right in front of our noses. And in war, there are no ‘out-of-bounds’”—she whipped her head over her shoulder—“Amber. The cage.”
Her friend, or lackey, stood up and raised an earthen gate around the arena with a short chant and a wave of her wand, locking me up with this rabid cat that thought herself a mighty tiger.
I looked around and while some of the soldiers shared glances of concern, none of them spoke up. I was beginning to regret this whole idea of ‘blending in’ and was tempted to just blow apart the arena and walk out but I held myself back. With the possibility of an Alacryan ship, or several, veering down to this shore, I didn’t want to take any chances.
With experience from my past life, I’d come to realize that people become complacent when in the presence of a powerful ally. They come to expect to be spoonfed victory from the comforts of the backline when someone as revered as a lance is amongst them. At least, that was the case in my life. I might have it backwards here—who knows, maybe having a lance with them would give them the confidence and zeal to fight harder, but I was skeptical of that.
“You make a good point,” I faked a smile, staying in character. “Please teach me well.”
With our weapons at the ready, we began once more. A real fight, especially if it involved a sharp-edged weapon, took only a matter of seconds to draw to a conclusion. But with mana as abundant as it was in this world, making mistakes more forgiving than it did in my previous world, fighters did little to correct their flaws and instead, focused on making their strengths even stronger. Even I had succumbed to that mistake when I first came to this world; that is, until that was beaten out of me by the asuras back in Epheotus.
Nyphia dashed toward me once more, this time feinting left before using the other end of her staff in a quick, ascending swipe.
I dodged close enough to smell the oaky smell coming from her polished staff and countered by pushing her staff up with my free hand. This threw her off balance; I finished by sliding my foot behind her back foot and pushing forward.
With the strength of my assimilated body along with the added mana, Nyphia was sent tumbling backward. The crowd of soldiers that had become tense since the cage had been conjured let out cries of dumbfounded amazement at the turn of events.
Glaring at me balefully as her face turned bright scarlet with embarrassment and anger, Nyphia was unable to form the proper words to express herself when a mellow husky voice rang from the crowd. “Mind if I join in on the fun?”
“You’re not joining anything! I just trip—” the dark-skinned noble’s words got caught in her throat as she realized whose voice it was. “M-Madam Astera!”
Nyphia lowered her head as she spoke. “Forgive me for my rudeness!”
The woman that my opponent referred to as Madam Astera was none other than the head cook that regarded me with a respectful nod when I had first arrived here. The chef hopped up over the cage with a nimbleness that made Nyphia’s movement seem infant-like.
I gave a quick bow, remembering to keep in character. “May I have the pleasure of knowing who I’m sparring with?”
Madam Astera bobbed a quick curtsy with her apron. “Just a simple cook.”





Chapter 150
Chapter 150: Rumination
“Just a cook?” I repeated. “Somehow, I have a hard time believing that.”
The head chef shrugged, untying her apron and tossing it over to Nyphia. “Titles are merely an embellishment stuck in front of your name to establish a hierarchy, so yes, I am Chef Astera. Nice to meet you.”
Taken aback by the sudden words of wisdom, I dipped my head in reply. “And I am Arthur. The pleasure is mine.”
“Well then, <em>Arthur</em>, let’s put a show on for the antsy soldiers here before they start throwing a fit.” Her lips curved into a confident smile as she held up the ladle in her hand.
“Of course. Will that be your weapon?”
“Don’t be silly. It’d be disrespectful to fight with a tool used to cook.” Letting out a hearty laugh, Madam Astera motioned one of the soldiers up in the front for his weapon—a short sword, much like the one I was borrowing. “Now, do go easy on an old lady like me.”
With that, she disappeared from view at a speed that no ‘simple cook’ could have moved. Madam Astera blinked into view in the air above me, already in position to swing down, her handsome face glowing with savage excitement.
With a quick sidestep, I brought up my sword as well. Sparks danced around us as the edge of my blade met hers. Before Madam Astera’s sword hit the ground, she kicked off the guard of my sword to gain distance.
With only a minimal amount of mana infused in my body and sword, my hand became numb from blocking her attack. “Just a simple cook?” I confirmed.
“Just a simple cook,” she answered with a wink before rushing to me once again.
Our swords became mere blurs in the space between us as both Madam Astera and I unleashed a flurry of attacks.
Her petite body moved with a coordinated agility that would even impress Kordri, the asura that had trained me. We both dodged each other’s strikes and swings with minimal movement. If it wasn’t for the sweat flooding down our faces and necks, it would’ve looked as if we were missing on purpose.
I raised my mana output to twenty percent but, just like me, she seemed to have been holding back as well because we were still at a stalemate.
Neither one of us had the luxury to speak as it took all of our focus to keep up with each other’s attacks, but our emotions showed through our expressions. This wasn’t a duel of magic; just a contest of pure mastery of the sword.
Madam Astera wore an ecstatic grin on her sweaty face as she continued her relentless assault and somewhere along the way, I realized that I had been smiling as well.
With each strike she delivered, I countered with another but she flawlessly dodged until her back was against the earthen cage. I decided not to raise my mana but instead, used the field to my advantage. Dipping below her waist, I brought my sword close in position to swing up.
She had nowhere to move but to her right—or rather, that’s what I thought.
Even when she was just barely an arm’s length away from me, she kicked off the wall and propelled herself directly at me. I quickly pivoted on my right foot, whirling just in time for her blade to whiz past my cheek. The tables had turned; now it was my back that was against the wall.
“I’m sure that there was a saying that said something along the lines of, ‘even a mouse will attack when it’s cornered’,” Madam Astera said with her sword raised closely in guard.
I smiled. “Well, it looks like I’m the cornered mouse now.”
“Hence my caution?” She smirked, tightening the grip on her raised sword. “Now, why don’t you stop holding back, Arthur?”
“In the midst of such an exciting duel, I think bringing any magic past basic augmentation would be disrespectful to the way of the sword,” I replied.
“Wise words from one so young,” she nodded in approval. “Then shall we kick things up a notch?” A surge of mana suddenly burst out of my opponent as she took a step back.
The soldiers in the front row winced from the sudden thick gust of energy while others had to lean forward to not topple backward in their seats.

With a smile, I increased my mana output to forty percent. A thick wave of mana burst out of me as well, but it took on a different form from Madam Astera’s. While her mana took the form of a sharp and chaotic gale, mine manifested into a refined wave-like pulse.
Madam Astera’s smile faded as she looked at me in awe. Shaking herself out of her daze, she molded her mana into a thick armor around her before lunging at me. The force of her initial step created a small crater beneath her feet, shaking the entire arena.
In the span of a single breath, her sword was already inches away from my throat but the force of her strike had already sent a spear of wind sailing past my neck, only to create a hole in the wall behind me.
I could see why someone like Nyphia was so scared of this ‘simple’ cook. After her initial strike failed, she leaped back and repositioned herself, tightening her stance like a coiled snake, ready to strike.
But this time, I was the one to strike. I dashed forward, creating no sound as I flashed beside her with my sword in mid-swing when she immediately ducked. With no time to prepare, her movement was sloppy, but the very fact that she was able to react to my attack showed how frightening her instincts were.
She lashed back with a sharp swing before leaping back again. This time, she didn’t wait for me to strike, rather lunged once more. I brought up my sword but realized midway that her stab was a feint as she dipped into a wide swing at my leg; she wanted me to jump up to dodge so she could catch me mid-air.
Instead, I brought my sword down to parry.
A high-pitched ring resounded from our two blades clashing. A deep tremor rose up my arm from the impact before my sword shattered.
For a moment, we stood there, both dazed at the turn of events until I let out. “It’s my loss, Chef Astera.”
“No, I can’t accept that. It was just that your sword’s quality—”
I shook my head. “I think it’s time for dinner anyway, right?” I walked over to the soldier I had borrowed the sword from. “I’m sorry about your sword. I’ll get you a new one.”
“Wha—oh, yeah, sure. No problem...” his voice trailed off as he stared at me blankly. It wasn’t until I noticed his awestruck expression that I realized how quiet the camp had become. I looked around to see everyone with the same expression as the soldier in front of me, the only sound the occasional crackle of wood coming from the fires.
“You heard the boy, move your asses or starve for the rest of the night!” Madam Astera roared. “We’re going all out tonight!”
With that, the silent crowd erupted into cheers as the large cooks began handing out plates stacked with steaming food.
The atmosphere quickly turned festive as Madam Astera brought out barrels of liquor. I spotted Vanesy trying to limit the amount of alcohol passed around but she later gave in, taking a glass for herself.
I wasn’t sure if it was a good idea to drink when we were supposed to be on the lookout for any stray ships, but the chances of that happening were too meager to actually stop them from having at least one good night.
After a few drinks in everyone’s systems, soldiers became more outgoing. Some began singing while others accompanied, using a hollow log as a makeshift percussive instrument. The songs seemed more like melodic tales of adventurers with no real thought put into rhythm but it was enjoyable nonetheless—especially with a few drinks in me as well.
<em>‘Should a lance succumb to peer pressure and drink so much?’</em> Sylvie berated, choosing to stay inside my cloak for warmth.
<em>Who says it’s peer pressure?</em> I replied, taking another sip, relishing the warm numbness spreading from the alcohol and from the fire as well.
“Do you mind if I join you?” Madam Astera took a seat next to me by the dancing flame with a glass of liquor in her hand. “So who exactly is Arthur?”
“Not at all,” I replied, thankful since the curious soldiers lingering around me began dispersing as soon as the chef came. “And I thought you already knew.”
“I knew you weren’t just a normal boy,” she shrugged before gulping down the rest of the liquor in her glass.
I followed suit and took another sip as well. “Then can I ask who you are?”
“I told you, I’m just a—”
“Yeah, the ‘simple cook’ answer of yours isn’t going to cut it,” I interrupted.
She let out a hearty laugh that didn’t match her small frame. “Fine, I’ll answer. But you could’ve probably found out from some of the soldiers here—a lot of them were my students, after all.”
“So you were a teacher? At Xyrus?”

“Oh please, I’d rather swallow a gallon of fire sand than teach at that school,” she retorted.
“I happen to have been a student there,” I replied, pretending to appear offended.
“Then you’d know how stuck up most of the kids there are,” she replied with a smirk.

“Can’t argue with that,” I sighed as my chest sank at the recollection of some unwanted memories.
“After the war with the elves, I decided to retire by teaching at Lanceler Academy,” she said, looking idly at the fire through her empty glass. “You’ve heard of us, right?”
“Of course,” I answered, thinking back to the time I spent researching the once famous school located in Kalberk City, near the center of Sapin. “The legendary school for any would-be elite soldiers.”
“Except after the war, there was little demand for soldiers,” she breathed, fogging her glass. “More nobles wanted their children to attend Xyrus now that there is little tension between the races.”
“I see,” I muttered. “Still. This war against the Alacryans should’ve brought in quite a bit of new students at Lanceler. No offense, but what are you doing here as a chef?”
“That’s a story for another time,” she chuckled. “A time with more booze.”
I raised my glass. “I’ll take you up on that offer.”
“Now, onto your story. What’s a talent like you doing here, and why in the world did you decide to go to Xyrus with that level of skill with the sword?”
“Because I could manage by myself with the sword. It was magic that I needed help getting better at,” I replied.
Her eyes widened as she stared at me. “No kidding?”
I let out a chuckle when the clank of armored footsteps got my attention. “General—I mean, Sir.” The guard that was stationed outside of Professor Glory’s tent covered his mouth at his blunder, his eyes wide and fearful as he shifted glances between me and Madam Astera.
Despite the clamor around us, everyone within the vicinity seemed to have heard as they suddenly whipped their heads toward us.
The guard continued speaking, lowering his voice in a useless attempt to amend his mistake. “Captain Auddyr has arrived and Captain Glory is nowhere to be found.”
Letting out a sigh, I turned back to the head chef, her brows knit in confusion. “Well, there’s my story.”
“He just said, ‘General’”—Madam Astera turned to the guard—“You said ‘General,’ right?”
Unsure of how to answer, the guard looked to me for answers, but I just stood up, careful not to wake up my sleeping bond.
“Come on. Let’s go find your captain.” I turned back to the chef, holding my empty glass. “At a time with more booze.”
Her face relaxed as she managed a smile. “Aye.”
As we walked back toward the main tent, I surveyed the top of the large boulders, hoping to find my former professor. Knowing her, I doubted she’d be able to completely relax.
“Ah, there she is,” I said, squinting my eyes.
It took the guard a moment to spot her shadowed figure sitting atop the boulder making up the front wall of the encampment.
“Thank you.” The guard prepared to take off but I held him back.

“Let me. Tell Captain Auddyr that I’ll meet with him first thing tomorrow morning.”
“But the captain—”
“It’s fine,” I interjected, handing him my empty glass. “There’s nothing going on and I’ve had a bit too much alcohol to entertain a man I don’t know tonight.”
“Yes, General.” With a salute, the guard veered off toward the tent.
Taking a deep breath that formed a cloud of fog in front of me, I enveloped my body in a shroud of wind before getting ready to jump. The thin layer of frost underneath my feet scattered as I pushed off the ground.
<em>‘Where are we headed now?’</em> Sylvie asked, sounding noticeably sleepy even through mental transmission.
<em>Making sure my precious subordinate is okay,</em> I answered as I walked up behind Vanesy.
My former professor took a quick glance over her shoulder before turning her head back toward the grey moonlit ocean. “Want another drink?”
“Should the lookout be drinking?” I chuckled, taking a seat beside her as Sylvie popped out of my woolen cloak.
“You’re one to talk, General, with your cheeks the color of ripe tomatoes,” she scoffed, idly petting my bond that had curled up between us.
“Give me that.” Taking the flask from her hands, I took another gulp of the fiery liquid that tickled my throat.
Leaning back on her hands, my former professor looked up at the crescent moon. “Hey, do you think we’ll be able to win this war?”
“I’m not entirely sure, but I’ll do everything I can to make sure we do,” I promised.
“Somehow, despite the fact that you’re barely half my age, I find comfort in your words—like you’ll actually make sure of it.”
I thought back to the event three years ago that had always weighed on my mind. “I’ve let a lot of people down before. I want to make sure I don’t do it again.”
“Are you talking about what happened at Xyrus?” she asked, her brows furrowed in concern.
I merely nodded in reply as I stared off at the mesmerizing sight of the wide ocean before turning to my former professor. “What’s left of Xyrus Academy now?”
Vanesy looked at me, her face twisted into a grimace, but she stayed silent.
I continued. “Tessia doesn’t remember much and Curtis and Kathyln act like nothing happened—as if they don’t want to accept what’d happened. What exactly happened before I’d arrived?”
“Arthur. What’s done is done. Me telling you this will only make you—”
“I need to know, Vanesy. I should’ve asked a lot earlier but I made excuses not to.”
Letting out a deep breath, my former professor nodded. “In the disciplinary committee, Doradrea was the first to be sighted dead. Theodore was injured gravely and wasn’t able to make it, even with the help of the adventurers guild’s emitters. Claire Bladeheart disappeared since then and not even her uncle knows where she is and...”
My head pounded as she listed the names of people I knew that were now gone. Her voice sounded muffled yet the names she said rang clearly in my head. “And?”
“Kai Crestless was one of the radical members that the Vritra, Draneeve, had with him. Kai and the rest of the robed lackeys disappeared with Draneeve, along with Elijah,” she continued. “He’s the reason Curtis probably didn’t want to speak of that disaster.”
“I see,” I muttered, shifting my gaze back to the ocean.
For a long moment, neither of us spoke. The commotion going down below us and the faint crash of the night’s tide in the distance was all that filled the silence as I thought of my short time at Xyrus. Knowing now what had happened gave me a chance for true reflection. Oftentimes, I caught myself forgetting the old memories of my past life. More and more, my past self’s hold on me lessened, allowing me to become the person I wanted to be in this world. But at this moment, I found myself wishing to turn back to the old me—to the cold, rational me that had suppressed his emotions for the sake of having no vulnerability to be used against him.
It wasn’t like I hadn’t guessed what’d happened, but hearing what had happened made it suddenly very real. My chest twisted, as if the blood flowing through my heart had thickened into tar as it struggled to keep a stable beat.
A warm drop of liquid rolled down my frigid face as I felt the muscles of my chin tremble like an infant’s. Gnashing my teeth in hopes to suppress my unwanted emotions, I turned away from my subordinate. I couldn’t help but imagine how many people I knew would end up dead with me unable to do anything to stop it—even the people I had met today. How many of them would survive this war?
I turned to Vanesy to see her shoulders trembling as she clutched tightly at her flask. Quickly wiping a tear, I stood up.
<em>Sylvie. Do me a favor and keep watch for the night.</em>
<em>‘Sure,’</em> she responded with a soft, comforting tone I rarely heard. My bond turned to her original form, startling my former professor. With a powerful flap of her black wings, Sylvie shot up, barely visible as she blended in with the night sky.
“Come.” I held out my hand to Vanesy. “The night’s young, and it doesn’t seem like the soldiers have any intentions of stopping. As their captain, I figure it’s your duty to join instead of moping around up here.”





Chapter 151
Chapter 151: Morning After
I lifted my makeshift practice sword, a crudely carved piece of wood wrapped in towels for weight. As I counted in my head with each downward swing, a soft voice shook me out of my trance. “Grey. It’s time for breakfast.”
Looking over my shoulder, I spotted Cecilia by the door with a fresh towel folded neatly in her arms. “Oh, thanks!”
As I walked over, Cecilia handed me the towel. “I still have to help get the table set up,” she announced before she briskly walked away.
I watched Cecilia walk back through the dimly lit hallway, remembering the incident almost a year back when I’d almost died trying to save her from the outburst of her ki.
Despite her aloof manner of speech, her attitude toward everyone in the orphanage had definitely improved.
After I wiped myself down, I went back inside as well, making sure to close the mesh screen door for the summer bugs buzzing outside.
“Someone is apparently going through puberty judging by the stink coming from his body,” The figure of Nico’s thin frame approached me from an intersecting hallway.
“Your sweat starts stinking when you go through puberty?” I asked, sniffing my sleeveless shirt.
“Supposedly, according to an article I read on hormones,” he shrugged.
Getting a close whiff of the rancid smell for the first time, I winced. “Cecilia probably smelled this too then.”
“Did she react in any sort of way?”
“No, she just gave me a towel and left,” I said as I wiped my body more with the towel, hoping it’d get more of the stench off of me.
“Her devotion to remaining true to her indifferent character is strong,” Nico nodded.
I chortled. “I don’t think she’s trying to be some character.”
“I beg to differ, my friend. Last week, after I had just finished tampering with the shock glove—working name, by the way—into a pendant she could carry around her neck, she refused!”
Raising a brow, I smirked at my friend. “Oh? You gave Cecilia a necklace?”
“How do you always manage to pick and choose what you want to hear? What are you going to do when you go to a real school?” he sighed. “And besides, I think she likes you more—with her giving you a towel and all.”
“Well I did save her life, you know,” I teased, putting an arm around my thin friend that I’d outgrown these past few months.
“Her knight in sweating armor,” he said, pinching his nose.

It’d become more and more apparent these days that Nico had started to develop feelings for Cecilia, our orphanage’s ice queen. It wasn’t any secret that Cecilia was popular amongst the boys here, but everyone who’d gathered the courage to make a move had been rejected. Nico, with his patent blend of pride and low self-esteem, found other ways to make Cecilia notice him without revealing his interest in her.
Letting out a sigh, I leaned more heavily on my skinny friend, making him struggle to keep us from falling down. “I’m not so sure about going to school anymore.”
“What?” Nico finally managed to free himself of my arm. “Why? You know I only joke about your intelligence.”
“It’s not that,” I chuckled. “It’s expensive and Headmaster Wilbeck already has a hard time sending even a few kids to school.”
“Then what do you plan on doing?” my friend asked, his brows knitted seriously.
“I don’t know yet, but maybe just help out as staff at the orphanage once I’m old enough. These days, I was even thinking about going to an institution to get better at ki. I know that they offer free tuition and stuff if you’re qualified,” I shrugged.
“You’re joking, right?” he fumed, stopping in the middle of the hallway. “I know we owe a lot to Headmaster Wilbeck and I get that you want to repay her but staying here to do that is short-minded; with your talent, you can do so much more once you’ve gotten a proper education!”
“Which brings me to why I was thinking of the institu—”
“That’s not education,” Nico interrupted. “Those institutions are designed to churn out mindless soldiers and find potential candidates for kings. I’ve read some journals about those places—how students there are worked to the point of near-death; how candidates get booted out if they don’t cut it.”
“You sound like Headmaster,” I grumbled as I started walking again.
“Because you don’t have any motivation to do something. Sure, you like training, but you have no goal past it,” he sighed. “School is a place where you can find out what you want to do while learning about this world without restriction or bias like the institution.”
“Well, money is still an issue,” I pointed out. “If we want to go to school, it’d have to be by next year.”
Nico’s expression softened by my compliance. “Well lucky for you, you happen to have a friend that actually thinks and plans for the future. I’ve almost managed to save enough money with our little ‘missions’ for us to go school—of course, banking on the assumption that I’d get at least a partial scholarship.”
“Wait, weren’t you supposed to give the money to the orphanage?”
“I did,”—Nico put on an innocent expression—“just not all of it.”
Letting out a groan, I shook my head. “I should’ve known.”
“After we get a proper education, we can properly help headmaster and the kids here. I guarantee it’ll be better for the orphanage that way.” My friend patted me on the back. “Come on. Let’s go to the dining area before our food gets cold.”
“Why not save enough money to take Cecilia to school with us as well?” I teased one last time as I followed Nico down the hall.
“Zip it! I’m telling you I have no interest in her!” he retorted, refusing to look me in the eye.
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:


I opened my eyes to be greeted by the glow of the morning sun. Even its soft rays, hidden behind a layer of clouds, somehow seemed to bore holes into my retinas. The aching in my skull pulsed rhythmically—a constant reminder of the glasses, if not bottles, of alcohol I had consumed during the remainder of the night.
Squinting, I attempted to get up but immediately retreated back underneath my woolen cloak I’d used as a blanket, letting out a sickly moan through my dry mouth, sticky with thick saliva.
Suddenly my cloak—the only thing protecting me from the outside world—was ripped away from me.

“Morning, General,” Vanesy’s familiar voice chimed from above. The bright timbre of my former professor’s voice was normally easy on the ears, but through the power of alcohol, her voice came off sharp and grating.
“As your superior, I order you to unhand my blanket and let me sleep,” I mumbled impatiently.
“No can do. You were the one that decided to push the meeting off with Captain Auddyr until the morning,” she said, pulling my unwilling body up. “Splash some cold water on your face and meet us at the tent.”
“Here. Read this before you meet with me and Captain Auddyr.” Vanesy handed me a small stack of papers clipped together before leaving.
Grumbling under my breath, I got up, taking in my surroundings for the first time today. I’d somehow managed to get to the top of the cliff overlooking the camp.
‘You didn’t manage to do anything last night,’ Sylvie’s voice sounded in my head like a kick to the brain.
Easy, Sylv. My head is killing me, I complained as I spotted my bond in her dragon form approaching from the forest behind me. What happened, anyway?
“I dragged your drunk corpse of a body up here to let you sleep without making a fool of yourself before even announcing to everyone your position,” she chided in a mellow voice I hadn’t heard in a few days.
“How was the watch last night? Nothing unusual?” I asked, attempting to change the subject.
Glowing brightly before shrinking into a pearly white fox, she hopped on my shoulder. “It was quiet. There was a thick layer of fog throughout the western shore so I couldn’t find any enemy ships. I would’ve gone further but I was afraid that they might find me.”
“You did good,” I said. “Now, where’s a place I can wash my face?”
“There should be washing stations in the encampment but there’s a nearby stream just a little into the forest that I think you’d prefer,” she answered, a wisp of fog forming in front of her snout as she spoke.
“Stream it is.”
The crisp air helped my recovering state but it was the first splash of cold water on my face that really cleared my head. I wished I could wash away the toxins in my brain as well, but I was at least in a fully functional state by the time Sylvie and I arrived in front of the captain’s tent.
Glancing through the information on the papers that Vanesy had given me, I peeked up to see the familiar guard stationed outside of my former professor’s tent. “You. What’s your name?”
“It’s Mable Esterfield, Sir—I mean, General,” he stated as he looked straight in front of him with rigid posture.
“What an unfitting, pretty name,” I commented, patting him on the shoulder as he regarded me with a confused expression.

Making my way into the tent, I was greeted by a gust of warm air from the small furnace beside the desk.
Standing next to my former professor was a man primmed from head to toe in overly-elegant military attire. Next to him, Vanesy looked like a mere foot soldier while, compared to the both of them, I was no more than a peasant boy.
With silvery blond hair slicked back neatly behind his narrow ears, Captain Auddyr stood poised with his back ramrod straight. While he looked to be no older than my father, there were wrinkles lining his face that told me how often he had spent his life scowling. His sharp brows and deep-set eyes seemed to pierce through me with an expression of how he’d look down at a rebellious son.
“Captain, this is General Arthur Leywin. Arth—General Leywin, this is Captain Jarnas Auddyr, Captain of the 2nd Division,” my former professor introduced as Captain Auddyr and I locked gazes.
“It’s nice to meet you, Captain,” I greeted with a smile, raising my arm.
Captain Auddyr returned my gesture and shook my hand. “The pleasure is mine, General,” he said with a grunt, immediately turning to Vanesy after. “Captain Glory. My division has made camp in the nearby woods up the cliffside. It’d be best for both of our divisions to get acquainted before we bring our forces together.”
My former professor shot me an uncomfortable glance before answering her fellow captain. “I agree. We’ll need both divisions to be accustomed to each other as fast as possible. General Leywin, what do you think is the best way to divide our forces in case of an attack?”
I looked back down at the bundle of papers given to me by Vanesy in the morning. It contained the hard numbers of the squads within each unit that the heads had gathered for Captain Auddyr to be a part of his division. I was looking through the numbers of mages and foot soldiers when Captain Auddyr spoke up.
“Integrating our divisions so that all of our foot soldiers are lined up and in position to receive an attack from the coast would be the best,” he declared.
My former professor shook her head. “Captain Auddyr. General Leywin was entrusted to be in charge of overseeing our divisions so it’d be best to—”
“General Leywin is responsible, as a lance, to make sure our divisions are ready in case of an attack, but as a mighty lance, he should be aware that the captains are the most knowledgeable of their own divisions,” Captain Auddyr cut in as I continued reading through the small bundle of papers.
‘I’m getting the urge to slap him with my tail,’ Sylvie grunted, almost making me chuckle.
After finishing the cursory read of Captain Auddyr’s division, I gave the papers back to Vanesy. “It seems like I’m not needed here then. I’ll just go grab a bite to eat.”
“General Leywin!” Vanesy called out from behind.
I looked over my shoulder. “Yes?”
“Isn’t there anything you’d like to add?” she replied, uneasy about how our meeting progressed.
“Well, if you want my two cents, I’d say that allocating a hundred percent of a force into one position is never a wise move,” I shrugged.
Captain Auddyr’s brow twitched as he attempted to mask his contempt. It was obvious that he wasn’t used to being defied, more so by someone younger than him.
“We are the last form of defense on the western shore in case any stray Alacryan ships come from the ocean. Where else would they attack from, General?” he hissed, stressing my title as if it were an insult.
“Captain. I’m trying to be civil here,” I said, turning around. “Like you said, Commander Virion asked me to be here in the unlikely event that the worst case scenario happens here so that’s the perspective I’m coming from.”
I took another step toward him, my nonchalant demeanor dissipating. “However, I suggest you not confuse my indifference toward this matter with some misguided notion that you hold the reigns here. Understand?”
Captain Auddyr involuntarily took a step away from me, sweat lining the sides of his scowling face. “Understood.”
I nodded. “Good. I never intended to play a hands-on role in the decisions you make so I’ll leave it up to the two of you.”
As I turned back around and prepared to leave, however, the howls of distant screams caught my attention. The three of us exchanged glances, all of us confused as to what was going on.
We dashed out of the tent to see all of the soldiers staring up—some still with bowls of food in their hands—toward the cliff where the screams and cries were coming from. Everyone stood still in a daze, trying to figure out what was going on, when an oblong object flew off the edge of the cliff and rolled down, landing in near us.
It was a bloodied sword with a severed arm, clad in armor, still gripping the handle.





Chapter 152
Chapter 152: Way of Magic
Both captains behind me remained in a daze as we all stared at the severed arm—hand still clenching the sword—forming a pool of blood beneath it.
“Soldiers on guard! Stand by for battle!” I roared, projecting my voice as loudly and distinctly as possible to get everyone’s attention.
The soldiers present roused out of their daze at my commands. The new recruits scrambled to their belongings as they fumbled putting on their armor. The veteran adventurers and experienced soldiers, already wearing their under-armor garments, deftly buckled on their protective gear as the screams and sharp clangs of metal continued echoing from above the cliff.
Captain Glory and Auddyr were already dressed in light armor and had snapped back to their senses, both a bit embarrassed by their poor response to the situation.
“Captain Auddyr. The armor on this arm isn’t something a passerby would have—it’s military attire. Didn’t you say your division was stationed up on the cliff?” I yelled out as the camp had grown loud from activity.
The once surly-faced captain paled in horror as he studied the armor one more time. Just as he was about to leap up the cliff, I held him down by his metal gorget that protected his shoulders and chest. “Stay here until the division is ready.”
“Unhand me! My soldiers are under attack without their leader!” Captain Auddyr hissed, no trace of his former haughty and composed self.
Tightening my grip, I pulled him close. “Captain. If you go in alone and are killed, your soldiers will be in a worse position than they’re in now.”
I surveyed the encampment as Captain Glory led her division into an organized formation. Most of the soldiers were already prepared and grouped based on their position. Rather than one large group, Vanesy had split her forces up into separate units, each composed of their own ranks of foot soldiers, augmenters, archers, and mages.
Just from a cursory glance, the ones at the very front of each unit were foot soldiers—regular humans and elves with thick armors and large shields since they’d be taking the brunt of an attack. Along the flanks were augmenters responsible for guarding the conjurers and archers as they fired arrows and spells.
The head—the leader of a unit, like Dresh—was positioned just behind the footsoldiers, an ideal spot for giving orders and protecting the conjurers as well.
Vanesy looked at me and signaled that she was ready. Letting go of Captain Auddyr, I motioned for him to join his fellow captain as I moved toward the rear where the smiths and cooks were grouped.
As the division began making their way up the steep slope up the cliff, I couldn’t help but ponder who was attacking. We were near the southern border of Sapin, where the underground kingdom of Darv began. At first, my mind immediately went to a mana beast attack, but the point of injury on the severed arm was too clean of a cut for it to have been claws or fangs. It was possible that they were attacked by some of the nomadic bandits I’d read about that travelled above the ground along the southern parts of Dicathen. It could also be a radical group that was opposed to the war with Alacrya, but there was no way to know for sure.

“Madam Astera, will you be okay here?” I asked as soon as I’d spotted the head chef who was now wearing plated armor.
“No problems here. Captain Glory ordered some of the augmenters to stay behind to guard us, but I’m also here, remember?” She gave me a confident smirk.
“You’re right. I’ll be heading off then.” I was about to turn back toward the cliff when Madam Astera gripped my arm.
“Arthur,” she said, her expression gravely serious. “You can never be too careful.”
I gave her a quick nod as I signaled for Sylvie to come out. “I hope you practice what you preach.”
<em>‘Is it okay for me to transform out in the open so soon?’</em> my bond asked as she hopped out of my cloak.
<em>No need to hold back right now. I need to know what’s going on up there and fast.</em>
Sylvie’s small body began glowing and expanded into the form of a mighty dragon. Her obsidian scales glimmered from the morning sun, putting the sparkling ocean to shame. Her translucent yellow eyes looked down at me with intelligence and an animal-like ferocity. The burly cooks and barrel-chested smiths with arms as thick as my torso gawked in reverence as some toppled over like infants learning to walk.
I leaped to the base of my bond’s neck and grabbed onto a ridged spike. I looked over my shoulder once more only to see the awestruck expression plastered on Madam Astera’s delicate face as Sylvie’s large wings beat down to produce a powerful gale.
Sylvie kicked off the ground and swung her wings once more to lift off. The powerful winds produced underneath startled the marching units led by their heads with Captain Glory and Auddyr in the front, but I was already too far up to make out any of their expressions.
I had planned on directly flying over where Captain Auddyr’s division should be but Sylvie instead soared up into the layer of clouds overhead. ‘Arthur, you should know before we engage in battle that I’m limited on what I can do to help.’
<em>Are you talking about the asura’s treaty where they aren’t allowed to help?</em> I asked, afraid that I would not be able to fight alongside my bond.
<em>‘That is an area of concern that Aldir has warned me about, but it’s not just that. With the awakening process that Grandfather Indrath made me undergo for my aether powers, it’ll still take a while before I’m able to assist you with any magic. Until my powers are fully awakened and under control, I’ll be limited to what I can do physically in this form. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you earlier.’</em>
I stroked the side of my bond’s large neck, berating myself for not taking into account my bond’s condition. I knew her training was cut short by me, but I never realized what a crucial time it had been for her. <em>No, don’t be. At least I know now.</em>
It didn’t take us long to reach where the sounds of battle were coming from but the fact that a severed arm was able to sail down the cliff made me think that there was something else going on. We could hear the sound of an ensuing battle but it wasn’t until we’d flown below the layer of clouds blocking our view that we realized the severity of the situation at hand.
<em>‘This can’t be possible.’</em> Sylvie’s thoughts were laced with disbelief by the sight below, but for someone that’d seen the surprises war brought, I could only see this as a miscalculation—a rather severe one.

Down below, in a field of grass stained red and black with blood and smoke, was what could only be the Alacryan army.
Their force of about five thousand strong were currently engaged with Captain Auddyr’s division. The soldiers were no larger than insects from here but it was easy to distinguish them. Unlike the Dicathen army, the Alacryan soldiers seemed to have a standardized color of deep red emblazoned on their dark gray armor.
Sylvie’s back lurched in preparation to dive down but I stopped her. <em>No. Let’s stay hidden here for now.</em>

<em>‘Stay hidden? Allies are dying down there and you wish to stay hidden?’</em> Anger was evident in her words but I knew she already knew my intentions.
<em>We can’t get involved in every battle. Right now, our priority is knowing what we’re up against.</em> I kept my gaze firmly locked on the scene below, regretting not having any transmission scrolls to communicate with Virion as I gritted my teeth to cope with my idleness.
<em>‘How were they able to make it all the way here without us knowing? They may not have come across a major city yet, but the dwarves should’ve known that an army was marching through their land.’</em>
“Maybe they did know,” I mumbled to myself, taking note of the faint path they’d created during their march.<em> Change of plans. Sylv, can you stay hidden and follow the trail that the Alacryans made on their way here? I’ll help them while blending in as just a regular soldier.</em>
<em>‘What if you get into trouble? I’ll be too far away to help.’</em> I could hear the disapproval in her voice.
<em>Vanesy’s division is going to arrive soon and I have a bad feeling that even though we outnumber them, it’ll be a losing battle for them without me.</em>
<em>‘More the reason for me to stay and help you,’</em> Sylvie argued.
<em>Please. If what I’m suspecting is true, this war might not be so simple as us versus them. You’re the only one here that can make the journey and back fast enough. I’ll stay safe, Sylv.</em>
<em>‘Fine. But the moment I sense that you’re in danger, I’m coming back and taking you away whether you’re conscious or not.’</em> Sylvie let out a grunt.
<em>Thanks</em>. I patted my bond before I let myself fall off her back. The crisp winter air felt like sharp whips lashing at me as I hurtled toward the ground. I intentionally veered away from the battle as to not arouse attention.
Just before landing into a cluster of trees, I enveloped my body in mana, erasing my presence before casting a wind spell. With the abundance of branches and leaves to slow my fall, and the help of magic to soften my landing, I was able to reach the ground without causing too much noise, albeit a little messily.

“The things I do to blend in,” I muttered, picking broken twigs and leaves out of my hair. I remained hidden within in the thick cluster of trees until I heard Vanesy’s division arrive.
“Tred! Vester! Take your units around for a left flank. Dirk! Sasha! To the right!” Vanesy’s voice resounded with a confident precision. “Rest of us, we group with Captain Auddyr’s forces and hit those Alacryan bastards from the front!”
Dashing out, I caught up with Captain Glory. On instinct, Vanesy whirled both of her swords at me before realizing who I was.
“Damn it, Arthur. Don’t scare me like that!” she sighed. “What are you doing here anyways? I saw you and your bond fly out of here.”
“And leave my precious subordinate behind?” I smirked. “No. I sent Sylvie on an equally important side mission.”
“Well, it’s damn reassuring to have you with us, but do you have any idea how an Alacryan force this size was able to get past us?”
I shook my head. “How about we leave a few alive to try and get the answer out of them?”
Vanesy’s lips curved into a wicked smirk as she raised both her longswords. “Sounds like a plan.”
Vanesy’s soldiers roared, men and women alike, as they reached the Alacryan army. I stood behind for a minute, watching as steel cut into flesh. Indistinguishable mutters sounded from the conjurers as they prepared their spells as archers released volleys of arrows from behind the protection of the augmenters and foot soldiers.
But my focus was on the Alacryan soldiers. The uneasy feeling I had since watching them from the sky had only become worse as they began to retaliate.
For some absurd reason, I’d expected our enemies to be something like the Vritras—monsters of evil. However, looking at them, they were no different from our soldiers except adorned in dark gray and red. This fact only dawned on me as I locked gazes with an enemy soldier.
The soldier’s eyes narrowed as he readied to strike. I picked up a bloodstained sword from the ground as he dashed toward me. When I tried to sense what sort of level his core was, I was surprised to be unable to read it. The soldier spread his arms while his fingers curled like claws. Suddenly, without even the influx of mana to warn me, gauntlets of mana in the form of gigantic claws manifested around his hands. He lashed out with his mana claws at a ferocious speed.
I ducked, only to see a row of trees behind me topple at the strength of my opponent’s attack. With the speed of his spell-casting and the power behind it, I could only assume he was at least a yellow core augmenter—maybe even a silver core.
I countered with an upward swing with my augmented sword when a translucent barrier shimmered just below the mage, protecting the area underneath his chest, where I’d been aiming.
<em>What the hell.</em> I whipped my head over my shoulder, sensing that the spell hadn’t come from him. About thirty feet away from me was another soldier, his hands held out and brows knitted in concentration. Realizing that my focus was directed at him, his eyes widened in surprise as he aimed his hands at me.
The translucent panel that had protected my initial opponent moved and enlarged, serving as a wall between me and the conjurer. I’d never seen someone manipulate a barrier to such efficiency so it was obvious who I had to take out first. However, the clawed soldier had already repositioned himself in this time, leaving me no choice but to finish him off.
Dropping the sword I’d found on the ground, I dashed toward my opponent. Just before reaching striking distance, I stomped down my lead foot, conjuring a pillar of earth right in front my opponent’s feet.
This time, whether because the conjurer behind me hadn’t expected the spell or didn’t feel the need to block it, a barrier didn’t form. The augmenter attempted to sidestep, but the pillar still struck his ribs. What shocked me, however, was the sound my spell produced on impact; the sound of bones cracking underneath his now-dented armor. Did this idiot not augment his body?
Gnashing his teeth with a pained expression, the augmenter ignored his obvious injury and dashed toward me with his mana claws. With my fists wrapped in electricity, I met his strike head on, expecting him to counter or use another spell but he didn’t. My lightning clad fist shattered his mana claws and broke his wrist on impact.
I held off on finishing him, my curiosity getting the better of me. He was someone that didn’t pose a real threat to me, but something about how he—how they fought didn’t make any sense. I’d thought the opponent in front of me was an experienced augmenter but his body wasn’t even protected by mana. If it wasn’t for the barrier that guarded his hand at the last minute, his arm would’ve been torn off.
The augmenter soldier was down on one knee, his left arm dangling to his side. A flicker of disbelief and awe was written on his face before the soldier clicked his tongue, turning his gaze toward the barrier-casting soldier. “Oi, Shield!” he barked. “Total body enhancement, now!”





Chapter 153
Chapter 153: A Normal Soldier
Multiple battles going on at once, the sound of metal clashing and spells firing resonant in the air. The musty stench of burning wood overwhelmed all other smells as a thin layer of smoke surrounded us.
However, despite the chaos, my battle with the augmenter seemed confined—almost isolated—as if the soldiers around us deliberately left us alone. Whether the people nearby were too focused on their own fights or if there was some sort of illusion put in place, I couldn’t quite tell, but it left me with more questions.
Just from the short exchange I had with this augmenter and his helper, now just barely a yards away, I could tell that their fighting tactics were fundamentally different than ours. The conjurer manifested a thin veil of mana around the augmenter’s body at his command. While my opponent’s injuries remained, he no longer looked fatigued as he rose from his knee with renewed vigor.
With a click of his tongue, he peeled his eyes from me and focused his gaze elsewhere. It was obvious he was signaling to someone else, but he was looking in a different direction from where the conjurer that’d protected him was.
With a stern nod, his gaze fell back to me. Mana enveloped his hands into the same claw-shaped form as before and just as he readied himself to attack, the faint hiss grew louder behind me confirmed my suspicion.
Remembering my mana interpretation training with Myre back in Epheotus, I was tempted to activate Realmheart to finish this off quickly but decided against anything that’d draw too much attention to myself.
I whipped around in time to see a blast of fire hurtling toward me. Condensing a gale of wind to spiral around my hand like a drill, I dispersed the fire spell only to pivot away from the augmenter’s strike immediately. The moss-covered roots nearby caught on fire from the scattered embers of the conjurer’s spell. The once lush clearing within the forest was turning into a pit of blood and fire as more and more soldiers on both sides began piling on the ground.
The augmenter’s movements were rather concise and well-coordinated despite the uneven terrain, but years of sparring against Kordri had made his attacks seem sluggish. The augmenter landed deftly, his mana claws only hitting air.
“He was right. You’re not just some foot soldier,” he spat as he whirled back around in preparation to pounce on me once more.
Was he only capable of using those mana claws?
“He?” I asked, bewildered as to who could’ve possibly given him this information.
He remained silent and dashed toward me, using a tree stump as a foothold to leap off of with his mana claws poised to strike.
I positioned myself to meet the assault head on but when his claws were just inches away from my face, I withdrew my own fist and swayed to the left. I drove my fist toward the augmenter’s open ribs when the veil of mana surrounding his body gathered toward the area I had intended to attack.
My augmented fist was met with a solid thud before the mana barrier protecting my opponent’s ribs cracked. Just the force of my punch sent the augmenter tumbling to the ground, but when he got back up, there was only an expression of frustration, not pain.

I looked over my shoulder, focusing my gaze at the conjurer again. With his brows knitted in concentration and hands trembling, I could tell that he was the one that’d blocked my attack, not the augmenter. What confused me, and further defending my suspicion was how the soldiers around the conjurer seemed to ignore him—allies and enemies alike.
Is there really something like an illusion around us?
Just then, another fireball shot toward me but it was little more than an annoyance at this point. The spell had come from a different direction but I knew where the conjurer was hiding: fifty feet away directly ahead, positioned somewhere on top of a cluster of large moss-covered rocks.
“She’s over there, right?” I asked with a smirk, pointing in her direction.
The augmenter’s face paled but he remained silent. He pulled himself up to his feet with the help of a nearby tree despite his fatigue, desperation evident on his rugged face. Keeping his deep set eyes locked on mine, he clapped his hands just once. As soon as he did, multiple images of the augmenter began forming around me, resolving my suspicion—there was illusion or deceptive magic involved.
Soon, there was at least a dozen figures of the augmenter all in different—very life-like—poses, all ready to attack.
I looked at the illusions manifested around me, noticing that both Dicathen and Alacryan soldiers were unaware of what was happening, and let out a stifled laugh.
“This is funny?” the augmenter growled, his voice coming from all of the clones as well.
“I’m sorry,” I sighed, still smiling. Looking up, I surveyed the dozen or so augmenters, all with glowing mana claws that couldn’t be distinguished from one another. “Thanks to this illusion, I can let loose a little.”
Poking my conscious deep into my mana core, I activated Realmheart. A burst of mana exploded out of me as my vision faded into an achromatic state. I could feel the comfortable warmth as the glowing runes flowed down my arms and my back while my long hair began shining with a twinge of silvery hue rather than turning completely white.
The clones that had once seemed identical in my normal state were now no more than clusters of mana shaped into the form of a man. All but one appeared to be a mass of white mana particles. What surprised me was that the illusion wasn’t invoked by the hidden conjurer but the ‘shield.’
Locking my gaze on the augmenter, it was obvious from his expression that he knew there was something dreadfully oppressing about me. Beads of sweat rolled down his face as he regarded me with fearful perplexity. Ignoring his wariness, the augmenter—along with all of his clones—dashed toward me.
At the same time, the mage conjured another blast of fire—larger, this time—in sync with the augmenter’s assault. Raising my output of mana, I ignored the illusions of the augmenter and aimed for the real augmenter’s mana claws head on, shattering his spell. Grabbing a tight hold of his exposed hand, I used his momentum to redirect him toward the fire blast.
I caught a glimpse of my opponent’s eyes widening in horror before being struck by the full brunt of his ally’s spell.
Several layers of barriers attempted to protect the augmenter but they all shattered from the force of the blast. Still, the augmenter’s life was preserved thanks to that.
The illusory clones flickered before disappearing as I turned my attention toward the conjurer hiding in the tree.
Wordlessly, I raised my left arm and coalesced mana into the tips of my fingers.

“Shiel—Cayfer! Protect Maylin!” the augmenter roared, still struggling to get up from the ground.
The conjurer named Cayfer that the augmenter had referred to as ‘shield’ nodded furiously as I finished preparing my spell. Jagged vines of electricity coiled down my arm like a serpent, gathering at the tips of my index and middle finger.
Using my right arm to help stabilize my aim, I concentrated on the hidden conjurer that was now clearly visible thanks to Realmheart.

“Release,” I muttered.
The thin bullet of lightning shot out from the tips of my two fingers, piercing directly through the trees that stood in between me and the hidden mage.
The layers of translucent barriers that formed in the bullet’s path were instantly shattered until my spell hit the cluster of rocks I had been aiming at.
There was no dramatic scream or howl of pain in the distance, only the soft thud of the mage’s limp body falling off the boulder.
“No! Maylin!” the barrier caster cried out as he ran toward his fallen comrade, abandoning his post.
As the mage fell and Cayfer’s concentration broke, the illusion surrounding us disappeared. As if a window had been open, the world became clearer around me and the near-muted volume of the battle going on resumed in full blast. It wasn’t long before I got swept up in the chaos of battle.
I released Realmheart but brought out Dawn’s Ballad from my dimension ring. The translucent teal sword glimmered as its blade arched around me, drawing blood wherever it hit its target.
The battle between the two sides had gone on for less than an hour, yet the ground was littered with corpses and body parts—severed legs, lopped off heads, and chopped arms still spewing blood.
The cold winter air did little to mask the acrid stench of blood and burning flesh, while the dense array of trees surrounding the battle further amplified the cacophony of screams.
While the enemy was fewer in number, they had much more mages than our divisions. Augmenters with mana-imbued weapons pierced through our foot soldiers while conjurers struck from a distance.
Enemies rushed me in the heat of battle, some with unique techniques like the mana-clawed augmenter that was nowhere to be seen—whips of fire, armor made of stone. There was one enemy augmenter that’d killed several of our soldiers by conjuring water down their throats until they’d drown.
Yet, none of that made a difference to me. My mind grew numb at one point as my body seemed to be moving on my own. I’d killed only a handful of men but I was already slick with blood. My tunic and pants stuck to my skin, but I couldn’t tell if it was from sweat or blood.
Words were hardly spoken in the midst of battle. Words were useless. Instead, soldiers from both sides let out primitive cries as they fought, drunk on adrenaline as they flailed their weapons.

As I drew my blade from the bloody chest of another man, I clicked my tongue. There was nothing good about this. Death of a beast was one thing, but both sides were of the same kind.
I kicked away the limp body and used its clothes to wipe the blood from my sword. I’d conserved much of my mana but constantly fighting for almost an hour had taken a toll on my body.
I surveyed the other soldiers when the sight of a familiar person caught my eyes. She had just parried her opponent’s axe to the ground when her gaze landed on mine as well. Her lips were curved up into a confident smile as she positioned to drive her gauntlet into her opponent’s face.
CEDRY
I dashed forward, slipping and swaying out of the Alacryan’s reach until he was open. Then I drove my gauntlet to his side, the satisfying crack of his ribs indicating that he was down.
“Slut,” the narrow-eyed man spat as he buckled over, blood leaking from his lips. He desperately grabbed onto me to keep from falling, his hands landing over the leather padding protecting my breasts. With a lewd smirk on his half-closed eyes, he used the last bit of his strength to rip my armor off of me.
Breaking his wrist with a firm chop, I put the ugly bastard out of his misery with a firm slam to his head. I couldn’t help but grin, elated and thrilled by the victory as an intense furor built up inside me.
Another fool tried to sneak behind my back but I dodged his sword and whipped around. A short bearded Alacryan raised his shield as he prepared to strike again.
My heart pounded and everything seemed a bit sluggish like the night before after ten mugs of ale. I swung my fist, augmenting my body and gauntlet, and punched straight through the soldier’s metal shield.
The clash made a sharp ring that stung my ear, but the force of my strike caused the bearded soldier to drop his shield. I didn’t give him the time to recover, pivoting off of my lead leg to gain momentum for a roundhouse chop.
The soldier’s eyes widened as he desperately tried to bring his arm up to block my strike but his shield arm wouldn’t lift, still numb from the shock of my earlier punch. He couldn’t bring his sword up fast enough as the blade of my hand reached his prominent Adam’s apple.
The soldier fell back, squirming with his hands wrapped around his neck as he struggled to breathe. After a desperate gurgle, his body felt limp before me.
I let out a fearsome roar. No man can belittle me here. Only strength is absolute on the battlefield!
My cry attracted the attention of a nearby axe-wielder. While his body was much larger than mine, his movements were slow. As he swung down, his axe began glowing yellow while a layer of mana began spreading over his body. Looking at the different elemental affinity of mana surrounding his axe compared to his body, it seemed like someone else had cast a spell to protect him, but I didn’t have time to question. I didn’t have time to be surprised. Strength is absolute.
I willed all of my mana into my right fist as I turned my body to the side to dodge his attack. I caught a glimpse of my reflection as the flat of his axe swung down; there was a euphoric—almost crazed—smile pasted on my face.
I used the momentum of his attack and parried the axe down to the ground when I spotted him. It was the country boy that beat everyone he’d sparred against—even Madam Astera. There were talks of some of the soldiers mentioning the kid was a lance. I’d scoffed at the ridiculous notion at the time, but as I stood here, just a few dozen feet away from him and the pile of corpses strewn around him, I couldn’t help but wonder if they were right.
My eyes finally met his but rather than the calm, playful expression he’d worn all through last night, his eyes were widened as he desperately mouthed something to me.
I couldn’t hear what he was saying but it didn’t matter, I’d ask him later. The axe-wielder was still struggling to pull his weapon out from the ground, when I felt a sharp searing pain in my chest.
In an instant, all of my strength and furor was seeped dry. My hands could no longer clench into fists. The ground suddenly seemed closer as I realized I’d fallen to my knees. I looked down at the source of my pain, only to see a gaping hole where my chest used to be.
I instinctively tried to cover the hole with my hands, only feel a burning pain spread on my palm. I pried my gaze away from my wound to the ground in front of me, finding my answer there—a scorched crater just a foot away.
I lost feeling in my legs as I crumpled to the floor. I grew sleepy and cold, my last thought of how tall the bloodstained grass looked from down here.





Chapter 154
Chapter 154: Changing Tides
I gnashed my teeth at the sight of Cedry’s body falling limp on the ground. The enemy axe-wielder pried his weapon out of the ground and prepared to swing down, his arrogant sneer exposing his yellow teeth, when a thin blade protruded out of his gorget.
As the axe-wielder’s body slumped, Jona—Cedry’s friend—came into view. With a firm tug, he pulled out his bloodied dagger from the man he’d just stabbed before kneeling down next to Cedry.
<em>Idiot. What are you doing in the middle of a battle?</em>
I was inclined to leave him; that’s what Grey would’ve done. But I was reminded of last night—the talk we had before I went up to fight onstage, and the carefree night of drinking that followed shortly after. I hardly knew them more than the enemies I was facing but the sentiments that we’d briefly shared the night before—albeit, half-drunk—tugged at my consciousness, nudging me to help him.
With an annoyed click of my tongue, I dashed toward Jona, who was cradling Cedry’s corpse tenderly in his arms. An enemy augmenter, pulling the tip of his spear out of a soldier’s head, caught sight of Jona. Even underneath his helmet that covered much of his face, it was obvious that he was grinning at his luck.
Concentrating on the ground just below his feet, I shot a stone spike at the enemy. The spear-wielder narrowly avoided a fatal injury, flopping awkwardly to the ground as he clutched his bleeding side.
I increased the output of mana to my body and dashed toward the wounded soldier. As he lay rolling on the ground in pain, I stepped on his chest to keep him steady.
Mercilessly, I drove Dawn’s Ballad deep into the breastplate of the spear-wielder and watched the light go out in his eyes.
With one fluid motion, I slid my sword out and drew an arc, getting rid of the blood on the blade, before tugging Jona by the scruff of his neck.
“You need to get out of here,” I growled, shaking him.
He looked back at me, his eyes flooded with tears. “Cedry, you’re going to be okay.” he mumbled, his gaze distant as he clung onto his half-elf companion’s body like an infant.
The sharp whistles of incoming arrows and the faint hiss of spells approaching drew my attention, but with both my arms occupied I could only do so much. I’d been stingy in my usage of mana purely because of the unlikely scenario that I’d have to fight against one of the four scythes or a retainer but if I wanted to get Jona and Cedry to a safe place, I’d need to expend more mana than I’d want to.
Grey’s voice echoed in my head, chastising me, urging me to leave them and conserve my mana for the worst-case scenario.
Cursing under my breath, I knocked Jona out with a firm punch to his solar plexus. His body spasmed from the shock I’d added to ensure that he’d be out cold as I heaved him over my shoulders and used my free arm to scoop the half-elf’s body under my arm.

Cedry’s thin corpse weighed more than Jona’s body as I held her by her waist. I couldn’t do anything about her arms and blonde hair dragging on the ground, but Jona’s unconscious body seemed to take offense, his arms dangling towards her from my shoulder, as if trying to scoop her up.
Ignoring the creeping desire to just drop them back to the ground, I freely released the mana I had been conserving. An intoxicating sense of power rushed out of my core, spreading out to my limbs and filling me with renewed strength. Tuning out the chaotic clamor around me, I focused entirely on the mana surrounding me.
Because of the expanding layer smoke and fire, I willed a spiraling barrier around us as I prepared to rush them back to base. A translucent layer of mana whirled around us as a torrent of wind and stone began shaping itself into a sphere.
Strengthening my body, I pushed off the ground. Immediately, I had to tighten my grip around Jona and Cedry to keep them from falling. The barrier I’d conjured remained strong as arrows and spells bombarded it. Sparks ignited each time an enemy hit my barrier, deflecting or redirecting anything that came our way, but the spell was constantly eating away my mana reserves.
Thanks to the mana rotation technique I’d learned from Sylvia, even such a superfluous spell like this could be recovered back in a fairly short amount of time.
I plowed through the battlefield, gritting my teeth to cope with the weight of my two passengers as I concentrated solely on keeping the barrier active despite the intensifying attacks on it.
My body jerked as a particularly powerful spell bombarded my barrier but I held firm and increased the amount of mana into the barrier. Cries from the enemy soldiers ordering their subordinates to bring me down echoed within the forest.
<em>At least with all of their conjurers focused on me, </em>Vanesy<em> and her soldiers will have an easier time,</em> I thought.
As soon as I was out of the main battle, I released my spell. Immediately, an augmented arrow skimmed my cheek, drawing blood. The force of the arrow brought down a tree beside me, catching me by surprise.
With Jona’s limp body sagged over my shoulder, I had to turn around to see who I was up against. Before I could spot my attacker, two more arrows whizzed toward me.
I had barely a second to react, but that would be enough. Letting out a deep breath, I murmured, “Static Void.”
The deadly arrows were only inches away from me when I released the first phase of my dragon’s will. The world grew still as even the chaotic sounds of battle deafened.
In one swift movement, I positioned my right foot on top of one arrow and bit down on the shaft of the other arrow. Releasing Static Void, my neck immediately jerked from the force of the arrow in my mouth as the arrow beneath my foot buried into the ground.
Whipping my head towards the direction of the attacker, I released a torrent of pure mana. For a moment, the afternoon sky grew dark as terrified birds shot from the trees and littered the sky, sensing the malicious intent I’d let loose.
I stood there for just a second, staring at the space where I thought the enemy archer was, his arrow in my mouth, warning him—warning him what I was capable of if he got in my way.
My unspoken threat seemed to have done the trick because there were no more arrows or spells headed my way. Turning back, I bolted into the dense forest, making my way back toward the edge of the cliff where we’d come from.
“Arthur? What happened?” a voice called out as I lowered Cedry and Jona to the ground at the edge of the encampment.

I looked up to see Madam Astera, blood on her face and on her once white apron. Noticing my gaze, she looked only to shake her head with a faint smile. “Don’t worry, it’s not my blood. I’m just helping the medics and emitters patch up some of the wounded that were brought back.”
I nodded. “I see. In that case, please take care of her”—I pointed to Cedry—“and look after Jona.”
Without waiting for the head chef’s response, I turned around toward the cliff, ready to head back, when something tugged at my boot.

“Why? Why couldn’t you have saved her like you saved me?” Jona’s hoarse voice trembled as he tightened his grip around my ankle.
“I can’t save every soldier in a war,” I replied, unable to look back and face him.
“Liar... I bet you could’ve if you really wanted to. You’re a lance, right? I wasn’t sure until you caught that arrow with your mouth. For a second, I thought I was dreaming because the arrow stopped mid-flight.”
I gnashed my teeth in frustration—not at him, but at myself—and kicked my leg free from his grip. “Like I said, my priority isn’t to save every soldier I come across in war.”
“We might not’ve known each other that long, but if Cedry was alive, there’s no way she would’ve just thought of you as ‘just a soldier,’ General.” There was venom laced in the hiss of my title.
Whipping around, I lifted Jona up by the scruff of his shirt once more and pulled him close. “I’m sorry for your friend, Jona, but pull your head out of your ass. There are enemies out there stronger than you can imagine—stronger than any adventurer you’ve probably worshipped—and you want me to expend all of my energy to save everyone here? If I do that, who’s going to stop them? Who’s going to stop the enemy leaders that can level a mountain if they wanted to?”
The hate and blame from Jona’s eyes disappeared, replaced by guilt and sorrow as tears rolled down his cheeks. “What am I going to do, then? I promised her when we were little. I was finally going to keep the promise... I was going to ask her to marry me.”
At his words my chest ached, twisting into knots as my breath became short and ragged. I struggled to keep composed as I stared into Jona’s grief-struck face.
“I’ll take care of him, Arthur,” Madam Astera whispered, pulling Jona back by his shoulders. “Go on.”
I gave a curt nod and peeled my eyes away from Jona. Heading back up the cliff, my mind was clouded with thoughts of Jona and Cedry. I saw them spar, I saw them bicker, and I saw them laugh together, but I never thought much of their relationship.
“Damn it,” I cursed as I weaved through the dense array of trees. The sounds of battle grew louder but my thoughts were focused on Jona’s last words.
The faint whistle of an arrow snapped me back to reality. I spun out of the path of the projectile and conjured several throwing knives out of condensed ice, throwing them at the enemy archer without breaking stride. The pained grunt of the archer and the hollow thud of his body falling from the tree sounded behind me.
A few feet later, a bolt of electricity crackled toward me. The spell was powerful but by the way it branched out and weakened, I could tell the caster was inexperienced in the deviant magic. Sidestepping away, I gathered mana to the tips of my fingers once more and released the spell.

Unlike my attacker’s lightning, mine shot out like a bullet. However, just as my spell was about to hit its target, a metal wall erected from the ground, deflecting the streak of lightning harmlessly to the sky until it dissipated.
<em>Annoying</em>. While fighting against the Alacryans, I began to see a pattern. For every augmenter or conjurer fighting, there seemed to be a different conjurer whose sole duty was to protect them. The archer earlier didn’t seem to be an augmenter, which explained why he went down so easily.
Because the enemy conjurers and augmenters weren’t focused on protecting themselves while fighting, their attacks were much more relentless and brash.
My mood had turned sour since dropping Jona and Cedry back at camp, and my temper grew as more and more enemies attacked.
“Fine! You know what? The more of you all I kill, the less my soldiers will die!” I spat, revealing a menacing smirk. “Realmheart!”
Conjurers and augmenters that were hiding now stuck out like sore thumbs as they prepared their attacks. As the particles gathered around them, swirling and spinning in preparation, it became all too clear what sort of spells they were conjuring, but I needed more time to counter them.
All thoughts of conservation were gone as I once again released the first phase of my dragon’s will. The world froze once more and I quickly assessed the spells needed to counter the attacks of twelve different enemies. “Three blasts of fire, a barrage of sharpened rocks, augmented arrows, a lightning spell, condensed bullets of water, and one of the conjurers was planning on burying my feet from under me to keep me from moving. Easy enough,” I murmured. Like I thought, conjuring the barrier earlier to save Jona had drawn a lot of attention.
Seconds ticked inside the suspended realm of Static Void. My body felt heavier but I didn’t care. This was nothing. I released Static Void as soon as I was ready and retaliated.
Immediately, spells detonated from all around me, a cacophony of screams and wails mixed in as well. Enemy and ally soldiers alike looked around, confused by the sudden explosion.
As I heaved out a breath, I couldn’t help but smile in satisfaction. Rather than canceling the enemy’s spell like how Lady Myre had taught me by using mana interpretation, I overloaded the Alacryan soldiers’ spells, causing a deadly backfire.
“How’s that, Jona! Are you satisfied?” I fumed.
“Arthur!” a clear voice called out from behind.
Looking over my shoulder, I spotted Captain Glory. She wore a hardened expression as her two long swords dripped with blood. Her once tied hair had come loose and was caked with mud and dried blood, and her armor wasn’t any better off, but there was still a fire raging in her eyes.
“You look like crap.” My lips formed a pained smile, relieved to see a familiar face.
The corner of her lips curved up into a smirk. “That’s not something you say to a woman even during war.”
“I’ll keep that in mind,” I chuckled.
“Anyway, did you do that?” Vanesy asked, looking around.
I nodded. “I was testing something.”
“Testing something during battle? You never change.” She let out a sigh. “Do you think you can do it again?”
“Probably,” I answered when suddenly, Sylvie’s thoughts poured into my head. ‘Arthur, I’m coming back.’ There was a flood of emotions that was laced together with her message: worry, desperation, and fear.
<em>What happened? Did you find something already?</em> I sent back to my bond, her emotions affecting mine.
<em>‘No, I had to stop midway...’ She grew silent for a moment but there was a grim sense of foreboding that made my heart beat faster until she spoke again. ‘Someone is headed your way. Arthur, he’s... he’s strong.’</em>





Chapter 155
Chapter 155: Why I’m Here
My heartbeat quickened and my palms grew slick with sweat as Sylvie’s emotions leaked onto me, but I had no time to rest; with their conjurers and archers nearby sustaining serious injuries, the enemy augmenters and soldiers were quick to approach us.
“We got some headed our way. Don’t get cold feet on me now,” my former professor chuckled. Her lighthearted tone didn’t suit the screaming and clashing of weapons resounding in the background.
“Cold feet? I’ve been taking the brunt of attacks from their conjurers and archers, trying to establish a pattern in their attacks,” I answered, drawing Dawn’s Ballad and burying its sharp blade in through the breastplate of an enemy soldier in one swift motion.
“Is that how you were able to set off those explosions just now?” Vanesy asked as she parried a large warhammer. It was compelling watching my former professor fight up close without holding back. Her fighting style, combined with her utilization of both earth and fire in a unique way to conjure glass, produced an array of glimmering attacks. She was able to create a layer of sharpened glass around her swords to extend her reach, cleaving down enemies several yards away.
“No, that was something else.” I pulled my sword out from a different enemy. “Vanesy. We should end this battle soon, or at least take it away from here.”
“You say that as if we”—Vanesy ducked, narrowly avoiding the head of an axe—“were purposefully prolonging this battle.”
I swung Dawn’s Ballad, sending a sharp crescent of wind at my former professor’s attacker. With a sharp hiss, blood splurted out from the barrel-chested Alacryan’s unprotected neck. He was only able to let out a soft gurgle before collapsing to the ground, his eyes wide and frantic while his hands pressed down on his fatal injury.
My tone grew stern as I replied. “I’ll admit my priorities may have been a bit different until now, but there’s no time now. Take the battle elsewhere—anywhere away from here.”
Her forehead creased. “What’s going on?”
“There’s going to be someone coming, someone as strong—if not stronger—than me. Get everyone away from here so they don’t get caught in our crossfire.”
Vanesy’s furrowed brow deepened. “Our? You can’t mean—”
I nodded gravely. “This is why I’m here—in case something like this happened. Get everyone away from here.”
“I know you’re strong—actually, I can’t fathom how strong you actually are—but damn it, that doesn’t mean you can’t use any help!”
My eyes loosened as I gave my former professor a look of concern, but remained silent.
“Shit,” my former professor cursed, surveying the battlefield. She looked back at me with a resolute gaze. “Fine, but you better come back alive or I’ll pull you out of hell myself just to send you back.”
I couldn’t help but let out a chortle from her ridiculous threat. “I promise.”
Vanesy took a step back and saluted me before Torch swooped down from the sky. The captain jumped onto the flare hawk and bellowed out, “Dicathens! Retreat!”
Like that, the tide of battle shifted. Vanesy flew overhead, rallying her men that might not have heard, but already our soldiers had begun edging back while defending themselves from our enemies.

I watched as our soldiers withdrew, holding back any enemies that tried to chase after them, but there were simply too many.
<em>It’s okay</em>, I told myself. The Alacryan soldiers weren’t the problem. Vanesy and Captain Auddyr’s divisions were going to have to manage.
I put away Dawn’s Ballad and made my way toward the edge of the clearing. Jumping up onto a tree, I conjured a cushion of wind underneath my feet and made my way southward, hopping from one branch to another.
Just beyond the clearing, the tame trees, evenly spaced and maintained by woodcutters from the nearby town, became more wild and dense. There were large trees strewn below, fallen in storms. The harsh winter had stripped away much of the bark but by the thin layer of frost on the untouched ground, it seemed like the Alacryan Army hadn’t passed by here when they made their way up.
The only sound around me was the rustling of leaves and the occasional snaps of branches from the wildlife.
<em>Sylvie. Are you there? How close are you?</em>
I was met with only silence from my repeated attempts at establishing contact with my bond. She was either too far away, which shouldn’t be the case, or intentionally ignoring me.
<em>‘Aren’t you a cute boy. Could it be that you’re lost?’</em>
I flinched from the unfamiliar voice that rang in my head, nearly falling off the branch I was perched on. Whipping my head left and right, I tried to locate the source of the sound.
I wanted to move but my body froze—not from the cold, but from a tangible fear. A deep sense of dread creeped up like a rising tide, slowly but surely, as I surveyed the area.
Even with augmented vision and hearing, I couldn’t find her. Yet, I knew she was there, her high, grating voice still scratching the insides of my ears.
<em>‘Are you, perhaps, looking for little ol’ me?’</em> her shrill voice screeched inside my head like a coarse blade being dragged against ice. I gnashed my teeth, trying to keep calm. My mind knew she was intentionally intimidating me but my body couldn’t help but fall victim to her tactic.
Her voice seemed to come from all around me and at the same time, inside me. My limbs grew stiff as my heart beat hard enough to break out of my ribcage.
Without a second thought, I bit down on my lower lip. As the pain and metallic taste of blood washed over my tongue, freeing me from the holds of her killing intent, I immediately activated Realmheart.
The once lush green and brown scenery washed down into shades of gray with only speckles of color radiating from the mana around me.
Unable to see any sources of mana fluctuation, I began to doubt what I heard—no, I wanted to doubt what I heard. Suddenly a flicker of light whizzed past the corner of my eye like a green shadow. It was almost impossible to follow the shadow’s movement but if I kept my eyes unfocused, I could catch glimpses of her movement.
The green shadow stopped. From her location, it looked like she was inside the trunk of a tree about thirty feet away.
<em>‘Sharp eyes, little boy. Sharp eyes.’</em> She moved once more, travelling from inside one tree to another, using branches as if they were tunnels, leaving behind traces of sickly green mana. My eyes darted, trying to follow her movement as she let out a cackle of laughter that echoed in the thick forest.
“Your eyes look like they’re spinning, dear,” she teased, her shrill voice just as earsplitting out loud as it was in my head.
“Am I here?” she asked, farther away this time.

“How about here?” Her grating voice sounded to my left.
She let out a childish giggle. “Maybe I’m here!”
Her voice seemed to grow more distant than before. Was she trying to avoid me?

“I could be over there...” she taunted once more, her voice suddenly coming several yards away to my right.
“Or I could be right here!” Suddenly, an arm shot out from inside the tree I was perched on.
I had no time to react as her hand gripped around my neck, spreading a searing pain across my throat and collar. I was lifted into the air, held by my neck, as the source of the shrill voice came out of the tree.
I gripped at her bony pale arm, splotched with discolored marks as I tried to break free from her hold. She was wearing a sparkling black dress that accentuated her body’s tall and sickly thin frame. I could practically see her ribs through the thin piece of fabric that would’ve looked elegant had it been worn by any other woman.
I struggled to lift my gaze high enough to see her face, but what stared back at me was a ceramic mask with a doll-like face masterfully drawn. Long, scraggly black hair was tied into two ponytails behind her head with a bow tied at each end.
“My, what a handsome young boy you are,” she whispered from behind her mask, the drawn eyes looking straight at me.
Like a bolt of electricity, a shiver shot down my spin at her words, making me struggle harder. My neck felt like it was being constantly branded as the burning pain became almost unbearable. Struggling with the last of my consciousness, I willed mana into my palms.
With Realmheart still active, I could physically see the specs of blue mana gathering around my hands, turning into a shimmering white as I formed a spell. Tightening my grip around her wrist, I released my spell.
[Absolute Zero]
She immediately let go of my neck and pulled her arm away from my grasp. Upon release, I fell from the tree, crashing through a hollow log on the ground.
“The little puppy has a bit of a bite,” she reprimanded from atop the tree.
I hurriedly got back up onto my feet, ignoring the burning pain still radiating from my neck, but the woman was already in front of me, looking down through the small eyeholes of her mask. Her right arm was discolored and swollen from where I was able to briefly touch her with the spell.
She shook her head. “No matter. I’ll just have to be a bit more strict in your training.”
My body involuntarily took a step back. She had no intention of killing me; she just wanted me as some sort of pet.
“What’s your name, my dear?” she whispered, looking away as she buried her right arm inside the tree behind her.
“My mother told me not to talk to strangers, especially ones as... strange as yourself,” I answered, wincing from the pain as I gingerly touched the wound on my neck. Usually, thanks to assimilating with Sylvia’s will, I’d feel my body already healing, but the injury she inflicted was different.

“Not to worry. We’ll get acquainted soon enough,” she replied, pulling her arm back out of the tree, the wound marked by my spell nowhere on her arm. The tree she’d pulled her arm out from now had a gaping hole in it, like someone had branded it with acid.
She took long strides, her scar-marked legs sinking into the ground as if she were wading through water. “Unfortunately, we don’t have much time as I have tasks to finish. Any chance that you’d willingly be this beautiful lady’s slave?”
I drew Dawn’s Ballad out of my dimension ring. “Sorry, I’ll have to refuse.”
“They always do.” The bony woman let out a sigh as she shook her head. “It’s okay, half the fun is breaking the will of a disobedient slave.”
As she finished talking, mana the color of rotted seaweed began gathering beneath my feet. Immediately, I jumped back, just in time to avoid a cluster of murky hands that shot out from the ground. The humanoid arms or mana clawed the air before sinking back into the corroded ground.
The woman tilted her head but I couldn’t see her expression through her disturbing mask. Through Realmheart, the spells seemed to have a similar attribute to wood, like Tessia, but with every spell she conjured, it left a mark of corrosion.
I slid my fingers down my burning neck, afraid of what I’d see in my reflection. More of the murky green mana gathered around the mysterious enemy, but before she had the chance to finish her spell, I shot out a stone spike from the ground beside her. I watched as the earthen spear dissolved instantly the moment it made contact with her.
“You’re just prolonging the inevitable, my dear,” she cooed in her high, grating voice that made me want to claw my ears off.
She raised both arms, conjuring more pools of mana on the ground and on trees around me, only visible because of my unique vision.
My first thought was how I should save mana during this battle when I realized for the first time in a long while that I had no reason to hold back. Most likely, she was either a retainer or scythe, one of the key enemies that I had spent years training to fight against in the land of asuras.
Breaking open the metaphoric wall I had built to control my mana, I felt a rush of mana pour out of my core. The once dim runes that ran down my arms and back glowed brightly, blatantly apparent even through the thick mantle I wore over my undershirt.
Particles of mana in blue, red, green and yellow rushed out of my body while the mana in my vicinity swirled and gathered, drawn to my body like moths to a fire.
“Looks like I found someone special,” the woman effused as she crossed her raised arms, invoking her spell. Dozens of vine-like arms appendages erupted from the ground and shot out from the trunks and branches of nearby trees.
My expression remained calm, her imposing intent no longer affecting me, as the disfigured hands of mana reached for me with their spindly fingers. A small crater formed in the ground below my feet as I dashed toward the slender witch of a woman, ignoring her spell.
I ducked and swayed, dodging the vine-like hands that followed my movement, never breaking my stride as I reached the witch. I was just inches away from reach, yet the woman didn’t even flinch, confident in the aura that had dissolved my earlier spell.
“Absolute Zero,” I whispered, coalescing the spell completely around my body.
The murky green hands that froze inches before contact became a disturbing statue that only philosophers could put meaning to.
My first instinct was to swing Dawn’s Ballad but I was afraid that my sword would end up like the stone spear, so I took one last step, just before her feet, and willed the aura of ice to form into a claw-like gauntlet around my left hand like the augmenter had done back at the start of my earlier battle. As my spell collided with her aura, a cloud of steam hissed out, blocking my vision.
It only took one gulp of breath to realize that the steam was toxic. My body immediately reacted, sending me to my knees in a fit of coughs as both my innards and skin began burning. The toxic gas surrounding me had already melted a lot of my clothes, exposing the runes on my arms. It was the fading of the golden runes that snapped me out of my daze.
The runes, imparted onto me by Sylvia and the very symbol of how this all started pulled me out from the cold grip of darkness.
I promptly created a small vacuum to suck the toxins out of my searing lungs. It helped, but with no air to breathe and the oxygen from my lungs sucked out, I was left with just a matter of seconds until I blacked out.
The fog, as toxic as it was, covered me from the witch’s eyes. She’d assumed I’d have fainted by now, or worse, so I used that opportunity. Locating her mana signature with the help of Realmheart, I waited for the right opportunity to strike while fighting my body’s unwillingness to stay conscious.
Seconds seemed like hours, reminding me of my time spent with my consciousness in the aether orb, when she finally drew close enough. While she shouldn’t be able to sense the mana fluctuation around me from the effects of Mirage Walk, I could only pray that she wouldn’t be able to see the dim glow of my sword.
With the last bit of energy, I triggered Static Void, stopping time around me as I exploded to my feet and struck her with Dawn’s Ballad. My sword crackled as it seemed to tear through space, imbued with a gleaming white lightning that seemed almost holy as I released time just before my blade made contact with her face.
The force of my swing spread the cloud of acid covering both of us, but even without seeing, I knew I’d somehow missed my target. I shuddered as my gaze fell to the blade in my hand, or rather, what was left of it. The tip of Dawn’s Ballad, forged by an asura, had been corroded flat with an inch of the teal blade gone. However, spotting the faint trace of blood on my blade, I shifted my glance to the witch.
I could only see the point of her sharp chin as her head was reeled back, a thin trail of blood rolling down the side of her neck. The entire forest seemed to have quieted in fear as the only sound I heard was the shattering of her mask on the dirt floor.





Chapter 156
Chapter 156: A Lance’s Battle
“Where’s my mask?”
The witch’s hands fumbled over her face, still angled away from my line of sight.
“My mask. I need my mask,” she kept repeating as she realized her face was now bare. The witch tore away at her unruly black mane, clawing at her ponytails and using her undone hair as a curtain to cover her face. She kneeled on the ground, gathering the small shards of her shattered mask as she continued muttering.
I let out ragged breaths as I slowly inched away in fear of what she might do. I had used Static Void with Realmheart activated and in return, the tip of my sword was now gone.
The thatch of unruly black hair that fell over her face rustled as she began fitting together the broken pieces in a desperate attempt to make them whole. Suddenly, she clutched the pile she had so desperately gathered, clawing the ground along with it.
“My mask!” she screeched, gripping at the shards until her hands bled.
Watching the particles of mana congregating to form a murky green aura around her, I had no time think.
The faint purple particles of aether started vibrating as I activated Static Void once more. Ignoring my body’s protest, I rushed toward to strike the witch before the corroding aura completely enveloped her again.
With time stopped, I could close the gap without fearing that she would be able to react to me, but unlike my previous attempt, I wouldn’t be able to utilize the mana in the atmosphere—only the meager reserves I had left in my core.
Jagged vines of white crackled around the teal blade of my sword as I dashed toward the witch. With the spell considerably weaker than my previous attack, a sense of doubt began creeping up inside me.
I released the time-freezing mana art right as the flat tip of my sword buried itself in the green aura’s opening just above her left knee. The ever-familiar sensation of metal piercing through flesh was accompanied by the crackle of electricity spreading through the witch’s body. Yet the blood that leaked from her wound wasn’t the same red that came from her hand but rather a muddy green.
The site of where the wound should’ve been hissed as the murky green blood began congealing around Dawn’s Ballad.
As the witch raised her gaze from the ground, her thick wiry hair parted, she revealed to me what she had been so desperately trying to hide.
I tugged Dawn’s Ballad, wanting nothing more than to retreat. It wasn’t just her gnarled skin that looked more aged than the bark of the centuries-old trees surrounding us, or the two narrow slits between her sunken cheeks. It wasn’t even her thin leathery lips that were darker than her hair or her jagged teeth stained yellow.
It was her blood-curdling stare, radiating from the ghoulish pair of misshapen eyes, that filled me with a sense of dread. Unlike any monster or beast I’d faced since coming to this world, her dark hollow eyes that seemed like they had been gouged out and shoved back deep inside her skull made me wonder if this was the sort of demon that spawned from the depths of hell.
“Now that you’ve seen me in this state, I’m afraid that I can’t keep you as a pet,” she muttered, nearly whispering as she gripped my sword with one of her bloody hands.
I winced involuntarily as she spoke. My mind spun as I tried feebly to pull Dawn’s Ballad out of her grasp, trying to figure out what to do in this situation.

As I tore my gaze away from her terrifying stare, I watched in despair as her aura had nearly enveloped her whole body.
Unable to muster up the strength to trigger Static Void again, I looked down at my legs. I could still hear Lady Myre’s voice, warning me not to use Burst Step again. Glancing up, the murky green cloud slowly spread until only faint gaps the width of a feather were left.
I made my decision.
Letting go of my precious sword, I released a sharp breath to brace myself for the pain soon to come. Like the pistons of an engine in my old world, mana burst into specific muscles in progression with precise timing in the span of a millisecond, allowing my body to near-instantly flash from my original position.
I gritted through the mind-numbing pain that felt like the bones in my lower body were slowly smouldering inside a fire, and stabbed my hand through the faint chasm in her aura. Even with my hand coalesced with Absolute Zero, the deteriorating effects of her defenses seeped into my hand upon contact with her skin.
The witch let out a pained growl as she tried to pull herself away but my grip around her right arm stayed strong.
The flesh of my bare hand soon became painfully red as more and more layers of flesh began corroding. However, the effects of my spell showed signs that it was working. Her right arm, which had been gripping my sword impaled in her left thigh, turned a sickly dark color. Unlike frostbite that occured in nature, her arm began to freeze from where I was gripping her rather than from her fingers. She could no longer move her arm as the layers of skin and tissues had froze.
Before the effects of Absolute Zero could spread to her body, the witch cleaved down at her frozen arm with her other hand, tearing the limb completely from the shoulder.
A sharp, burning pain spread from my hand, reminding me of the injury I had sustained in exchange for her severed arm, which shattered like glass as I dropped it on the ground.
I wasn’t sure whether it was a good thing or not but looking down, the wound looked worse than it felt. Almost as if the skin on my left hand had been dipped in a batter of acid, yellow pus formed on the raw flesh of my hand, sending a surge of pain with even the slightest twitch.
Ripping off a piece of cloth at the end of my mantle, I gently wrapped it around my injured hand, keeping my jaw clenched through the entire process.
“How dare you!” the witch snarled. With a deranged fire in her hollow green eyes, she tore off chunks of her thick black hair to reveal a small stump just above her forehead.
“I am a Vritra! I’ll thoroughly make sure you feel the consequences of making a lady go through such... disgrace!” she screamed as she ripped off more of her mangled hair. “I’ll melt your limbs off and keep you as a trophy! I’ll cut off your tongue and feed you through a tube so you can only dream about dying!”
“Oh? You’ll have to at least be a scythe to even think about doing that,” I huffed, hoping she’d take the bait.
“A scythe? A scythe?” she howled, hobbling toward a nearby tree with Dawn’s Ballad still impaled in her left knee. “I’ll wipe that condescending woman off the face of Alacrya and take her place! Just because she’s a little attractive and her grunts fawn over her, she thinks she’s better than me? I’ll show her how degrading it is to be her retainer!”
Remembering how the witch had healed her hand earlier by submerging it inside a tree, I ignored the shrieks of protest from my legs and rushed to her.
She swung her only arm, releasing a gust of the smoke that’d nearly melted my lungs.
I activated Burst Step once more, dodging the poisonous smoke and closing the gap in a blink. Tendrils of black lightning coiled around my right arm. Rather than attempting to break through her corroding aura and risk mutilating another hand, I gripped the handle of my sword still embedded in her thigh. Acting as a conductor, the branches of electricity coiled down my sword into the witch’s body.
Her body immediately stiffened and jerked in a fit of convulsions from the current of lightning passing through her body. I could see her trying to fight back but I became hopeful as her hollow eyes reeled back.
Her head spasmed but there was still strength in her as her glossy eyes slowly came back into focus. The witch’s gnarled face cracked like dry soil as splotches of charred skin spread over her body.

Please, just die, I pleaded in my head as my decreasing mana reserves made me fear for the possibility of backlash.
Suddenly, I was wrenched back from the witch. As if I had been prodded by an iron brand, a searing pain radiated from my shoulder as I was sent tumbling back on the ground. Without looking back, I coated my hand in an icy aura and reached over my shoulder to pry off the fingers of mana she had conjured.
The witch was once again desperately trying to reach a nearby tree, just a few feet away, when I conjured an earthen wall.

Despite the thick wall surrounding her, she continued on with her staggering gait, unfaltered. The green aura surrounding her, despite being weakened because of my attack earlier, still managed to easily dissolve the wall.
I had no choice but to rely on Burst Step once more to stop her from healing her wounds when an all-too-familiar voice rang in my head.
‘Arthur!’ Sylvie cried as her large body cast a shadow over my head.
Perfect timing, I replied, my voice sounding strained even in my head. Gathering up as much mana as my body would allow without succumbing to the harsh effects of backlash, I conjured a torrent of wind underneath the witch’s feet.
“Catch!” I roared as I sent my opponent spiraling up in the air toward my bond.
Sylvie immediately dived down and grasped the witch using her long claws. With the weakened state of the witch, her aura had little effect on my bond. Her armored scales kept her protected long enough for her to soar up into the sky.
The two of them got lost in the clouds as Sylvie continued carrying the Vritra up.
‘She’s lost consciousness,’ Sylvie stated, the mental transmission sounding distant and muffled.
Drop her here, I transmitted, still on the ground.
‘I’ll do a little more than drop,’ she let out a growl.
After meditating just a bit longer for one last spell, I struggled up to my feet, my trembling legs barely keeping me standing.
With my good arm raised, I converged mana to form the head of a spear. The runes on my arms flickered and dimmed but still remained, helping me utilize as much of the mana in the atmosphere as possible. I could feel the temperature drop as the spear of ice expanded to the size of a tree.
As I steadily condensed the ice, the crude pike that I’d conjured took shape into a mighty lance large enough to be wielded by a titan. The lance continually changed, further refining itself as I condensed and molded it with the surrounding mana.
Feeling my legs giving out, I quickly raised the ground around me to support my legs, planting me to the ground in an earthen splint.
Compressed and sharpened so the spell that was once the size of a tree was now just a few feet longer me, the spear of ice, still suspended in the air, glimmered like the sky during the Aurora Constellate that occurred every decade.
The taste of metal filled my mouth as blood trailed down my chin, my body warning me of the wretched state I was in.

Moments later, I caught sight of the witch. The once mighty Vritra that seemed almost untouchable was hurtling down like a meteor fragment. Sylvie must’ve thrown her down by the speed she was plummeting toward me; it took only the span of a few breaths for her to be close enough to calculate where she’d land.
The Vritra’s mangled body plummeted right into the tip of my spear, and instantly, my body jerked from the force.
I could feel the brace I had conjured from the ground give in as the spear buried itself into the witch’s body.
With what remaining strength I had left in my legs, I managed to leap out of the way before I was caught up in the full brunt of the Vritra’s impact with my spear.
The blast of rocks and splintered trees bombarded my back as a thunderous explosion resounded, echoing throughout the entire forest and shaking every tree in the vicinity.
I fell in and out of consciousness as I tumbled on the ground, my body barreling through old logs and branches and whatever else was on the forest ground before the trunk of a large tree finally stopped me.
‘Hang on, Papa!’ Sylvie cried out.
I thought... it was beneath you... to call me... Papa, I let out, my consciousness faltering.
She remained silent; I could only feel the rampant emotions leaking out of her—desperation, guilt, anger, sorrow.
With my perception of time unreliable, I couldn’t tell how long it had taken Sylvie to get here, but her large black snout was hovering over me by the time I realized she was by my side.
Her translucent yellow eyes were lined with tears as she slowly opened her jaw. My bond let out a soft breath, but rather than air, a shimmering mist of purple enveloped me.
The cacophony of pains that I had over all of my body soon dulled as the soothing mist seeped into me.
“Vivum,” I muttered weakly.
‘Don’t talk,’ she scolded as she continued healing me.
Just like your grandmother. I managed a weak smile. For such a scary-looking dragon, your powers turned out be rather... docile.
A faint sense of amusement sparked in my bond at my comment, ‘If you have the energy for such lame humor, I’m sure you’ll be fine.’
Of course; who do you think I am?
‘A rash and idiotic child that has no sense of self-preservation,’ she grunted as she closed her jaw. ‘I warned you of the enemy coming your way, yet you still decided it was necessary to fight her on your own!’
Letting out a strained fit of coughs, I gently stroked my bond’s snout.
I’m sorry. At least it’s over—it’s over, right?
“See for yourself,” Sylvie said aloud, the gentle and mellow timbre in her voice soothing after hearing so much of the witch’s shrieks.
I propped myself up on the base of the tree I had collided with using my elbow as my bond moved to the side.
Less than fifty feet away was a crater the size of a home with a thin layer of dust still apparent. In the center of the large depression was the spear of ice buried halfway into the ground as the witch’s lifeless body laid dangling in the air, the spear impaled straight through her chest.
Steam still hissed from the witch’s body as her corrosive skin tried to eat away at the ice, but to no avail.
She was dead.





Chapter 157
Chapter 157: Pinnacle’s Height
CAPTAIN JARNAS AUDDYR
“Ulric,” I whispered, signaling him to move out left as I crouched down low behind a fallen log. The massive augmenter silently gathered his small team of five mages and began making their way through the dense trees.
“Brier.” I tilted my head in the direction of the small path to our right, signaling my other head and his troops to follow me. Brier nodded in reply as he unsheathed both of his serrated daggers. The well-built augmenter quickly navigated through the dense forest, his gait long and confident. I followed behind him and his troops a few paces behind with my fingers anxiously positioned on the grip of my artifact, ready to strike.
I’d come to be thankful for the frigid gale that constantly howled through the trees, bobbing the branches and stripping their foliage. It served to cover the sound of our footsteps as we made our way deeper into the forest.
Clearings were frequent but I navigated my troops away from them, in case we were exposed to this great danger that Captain Glory had warned me about. I suppressed the urge to scoff at her ridiculousness—believing the words of a teen that somehow snaked his way to be a lance. He probably made up his suspicions about this powerful foe so he could escape by himself to avoid battle.
<em>I’ll apprehend him on sight if I catch him running away,</em> I thought. <em>Perhaps my critical role in driving off the Alacryan forces and capturing the rogue lance will earn me a well-deserved promotion.</em>
I’d grudgingly followed Captain Glory when she abruptly started ordering her troops to retreat. It was my mistake to so blindly trust her judgement.
After being informed by Captain Glory on what she had been instructed to do by that lance, I immediately turned my troops back. She had the nerve to throw away the battle and risk bringing the entire fight to the cooks and medics back at the encampment, but I was not her subordinate.
The battle had become chaotic after Captain Glory’s troops started retreating, leaving only my troops to fight. However, taking advantage of the fact that the Alacryans tried to go after Captain Glory’s troops, it was easy for my soldiers to subdue a lot of the occupied enemy forces.
Better yet, Captain Glory had received her consequences for having so little judgement in the middle of a battle; she’d sustained a sizeable injury to her side that left me in charge of both troops. With my expertise as a commander, I quickly meshed together the two disjointed allied forces and we resumed the fight until an explosion resounded just a bit south from where we’d been fighting.
Unexpectedly, the enemy leaders began ordering their leaders to fall back, leaving us with an exceptional victory. The sound of my cheering troops filled me with a sense of satisfaction that reminded me of what it meant to be a figure of power.
Resuming my duties as the acting general in charge of both divisions, I ordered every able-bodied soldier to pick up an ally’s body and head back to camp. I also ordered the retrieval of any Alacryan soldiers, if still alive, so that they could be interrogated later.
I had wanted to go straight to The Council and debrief them on what had happened here, but Captain Glory stopped me. She suspected that the boy lance and the foe he was fighting had something to do with the explosion and wanted me to take some troops to see what happened.
If it wasn’t for the possibility of apprehending the boy for running away in the midst of battle and the chance to take his place as a lance, I would’ve refused.
Perhaps the deities were finally rewarding me for my service to King Glayder and now, the entirety of Dicathen. I would become one of the pinnacles of power in this continent.
As we trekked further south, the more careful we had to be with our footsteps. As the sun set, mist began pooling between the thick trunks of the trees, obscuring the ground even directly below us. More so than the possibility of an imagined foe, I wanted to catch the boy off guard and accidentally snapping a twig might make him run and complicate the task.

My sources up in The Council’s castle told me that Arthur had not accepted the artifact granted to each of the lances to enhance their powers, but being careless would be a mistake; however much of a coward he may be, the boy was still a lance, after all.
Brier, my right-hand, stopped and wordlessly motioned for me to come. Walking past the soldiers in his unit, I arrived in front of what seemed to have once been a tree.
Looking at the dark sludge pooled in the center of the tree trunk, I slowly reached out when Brier swatted my hand away. My eyes narrowed as I shot my subordinate a glance, but Brier merely shook his head and dipped a spare knife strapped to his thigh into the puddle.
With a faint hiss, the blade of the knife had been completely dissolved in a matter of mere seconds. Shifting my gaze to the rest of the tree that’d toppled over fairly recently, I pointed to it, making sure this acid was what caused it.
Brier nodded in reply and we continued our trek until one of his men—or rather, a woman—pointed out a few more trees with the same corrosion in the middle of their trunks. Some trees were still standing, with the acid only making a small hole, while others were melted down to the roots.
The sharp <em>snap</em> above us caused all of us to immediately whirl toward the sound. The woman swiftly nocked an arrow on her bow and instantly fired.
The arrow accurately hit the source of the sound... a branch. Letting out a sharp breath, I studied the branch that’d fell, only to realize that there were parts of it corroded by the same acid on the trees. I shot a menacing glare at the archer and immediately she dipped her head apologetically. <em>Incompetent</em>.
Signaling everyone to continue, I stayed close to the rear of the team in case anything were to happen.
While the winds continued to buffet the trees around us, the forest was eerily quiet. There were no scutters of nearby animals and I had yet to hear the crow of a single bird—almost as if the inhabitants of the forest had all run for their lives.
Suddenly a pained scream resounded, piercing through the trees into our ears. The quietness of the forest only seemed to amplify the sound as everyone looked toward me for guidance.
From the deep timbre of the scream, it sounded like Ulric but was it really worth giving our position away if he had already been caught? Whether it was the lance or the supposed enemy he was facing, the element of surprise was one of our only advantages.
Brier, who was close friends with Ulric long before he’d joined my division as a head, stared at me with knitted brows. His eyes seemed to say to let him go, but I motioned for him to wait. I separated our team of five into two groups, with Brier in the team of three. We slowly fanned out with the archer staying by my side while Brier’s group slowly made their way toward the sound of Ulric’s scream.
The density of trees dwindled as we approached a large clearing, with more and more signs of the acid evident around us. The ground underneath abruptly dipped, almost making us tumble downhill into a mysterious fog that grew denser as we got closer to the glade. With the archer covering me and Brier and his group a few paces ahead to my left, I unclipped the handle of my artifact, Stormcrow, and imbued mana to transform it into a mighty halberd.
With the ghastly green mist blocking our view and the ground below unlevel, I suppressed the temptation to turn back with the thought of becoming a lance and I raised my arm; holding up three fingers, I silently counted down.
<em>Three.</em>
<em>Two.</em>
<em>One.</em>
Letting out a roar, Brier slashed out with his serrated daggers, unleashing a torrent of sharp gales to dissipate the potentially dangerous mist.
<em>What in the...</em>

My will to fight all but vanished as the green fog cleared. Stormcrow nearly slipped out of my loosened fingers as we all stood, jaws slack, at the scene just a few yards ahead.
We had unknowingly stumbled on the edge of a massive crater. In the center stood an enormous and awe-inspiring spear that made my priceless artifact, handed down in my family for generations, look like a used toothpick. And impaled on it was what seemed to be a lanky imp-like fiend.
The ground sizzled underneath the suspended monster with the same murky acid dripping from its grotesque body. A faint hiss sounded from the fiend as the green fog continuously spewed from its gaping wound but it was undoubtedly dead.

But perhaps the only thing more striking than the scene below was that of the obsidian dragon so casually sleeping next to the boy slumped against a tree on the other side of the crater—a boy who could be none other than Arthur. If it hadn’t been for the fact that I had seen the dragon when Arthur was first knighted as a lance, the fear currently gripping at my chest might’ve just squeezed the life out of my heart.
For a second, I thought that both the boy and his bond had both died during the fight, but the steady rise and fall of the dragon’s body said otherwise. I pried my gaze off of the black dragon to see Ulric on the ground on the other side of the crater. His troops—minus one—were huddled around him, nursing the stumps where his left arm and leg used to be.
<em>Perhaps the boy died in battle,</em> I thought, hopeful. I assessed the situation the best I could from this distance. It was hard to see the state of the boy from here boy, but by the ragged breathing of the imposing beast beside him, it’s safe to say that both had incurred some kind of damage.
I loosened my grip around Stormcrow. “Retrieve the general’s body.”
Brier, signaled for one of his men to go forward when Ulric, who’d now located where we were, flailed his only arm.
“Don’t!” Ulric and his troops screamed but Brier’s subordinate had already leaped into the crater to make his way to the other side where Arthur was.
Suddenly, just as Brier’s subordinate dashed past the lanky fiend, a murky tentacle erupted out of its body, clamping onto his ankle.
The soldier howled in pain, but rather than pulling his body, the tentacle severed his foot that was protected in mana, sending him tumbling down to the center of the crater. The soldier’s arm landed inside the puddle of green sludge and almost immediately, the acid worked its way through his armor and flesh until not even bone was left.
The soldier, who’d been shrieking in agony, cradled the stump of his arm when the tentacle that’d grabbed him earlier dragged the rest of his body into the puddle.
We stood there silently, horrified, the only sounds coming from acid working through the soldier’s body and the archer retching behind me.
“Don’t go near that monster!” Ulric huffed, his voice labored from pain. “Th-The general said that it won’t attack if you keep your distance.”
“What is going on?!” I roared, losing composure. “Give me a report!”
“W-We don’t exactly know, Captain!” one of Ulric’s troops sputtered. “We sensed mana fluctuations nearby so we scouted around the area when Head Ulric and Esvin slipped and fell down the crater. Head Ulric was able to make it out but Esvin...”
“Is that monster still alive?” I asked, taking a step back in case another tentacle sprouted out of its body.
“No, it’s not.”

I whipped my head toward the source of the hoarse voice, only to see that the boy was now awake. “You!” I raised Stormcrow, pointing it at Arthur. “Did you have anything to do with this?”
The lance’s hardened eyes, his irises nearly glowing with an azure radiance, focused on me between his auburn bangs.
“With the death of that retainer? Yes.” His gaze remained harsh and voice even. “With your soldiers’ deaths? That’d be because of that thing’s automatic defense spells that are still active even after she’s died.”
I could feel my cheeks burning in embarrassment while the boy talked to me as if I was a fool. “W-Why didn’t you help them, then—or warn us?”
“I’m sorry; did you want me to put up a caution sign?” the boy mocked. “Quite frankly, I’m having a hard time staying conscious, let alone warning mages that obviously didn’t want to be found.”
“General Arthur, you were under suspicion for fleeing in battle, but now that new information has come to light, we’ll ask that you come with us so that we can take you to The Council for further questioning,” I announced, afraid to take even a single step despite Ulric’s earlier reassurance.
“I’ll go to the castle on my own accord. Right now, I have other matters to attend to,” the boy replied as he remained seated against the tree.
“I’m afraid that’s not possible, General,” I said through gritted teeth. “Information on the enemy leaders is crucial and The Council needs to be informed at once.”
Gathering my wits, I made my way toward the boy—steering clear of the tentacle’s reach—when the obsidian dragon’s eyes shot open, freezing every one of us on sight.
Its shimmering topaz gaze bore directly into me, making my body shrivel on reflex. The dragon’s eyes contained a ferocity and wisdom that made every mana beast I had bested seem like plush doll.
“Take another step if you wish to lose your head,” the dragon rumbled, baring its fangs.
“I-It speaks!” Brier cried out, stepping back in fear.
Gripping the handle of Stormcrow harder to suppress my body’s instincts to retreat, I replied. “My apologies, mighty dragon. We have no intentions of hurting your master. We simply wish to bring him safely to The Council and see to it that his wounds are treated.”
The dragon huffed out a fog of air from its snout, almost as if it’d scoffed at my words. “My promise still stands, <em>Captain</em>. Take another step—”
“Enough,” Arthur cut in as he leaned against the dragon to get to his feet. He took slow steps toward me, but had no intention of stopping.
He was fairly tall for one his age, standing just a few inches over me, but I couldn’t help but feel as though he was somehow towering over me. Unconsciously, my body had stepped out of Arthur’s path as he walked past me—without a single word—and made his way down to the center of the crater where the tentacle had killed one of my soldiers.
I cursed in my head—not at Arthur, but at myself for being so ignorant. It was only now that I’d begun to realize the gap between me and this boy.
I stood silently as Arthur trudged carefully down the sloped ground. Even when the boy got in range of the corroding vine made of some mysterious mana, the tentacle froze and shattered on contact.
Arthur casually placed a foot over the puddle capable of melting even armor and bone. As the acid froze into a solid state, the boy stepped on it and reached out toward the monster, pulling out a worn teal sword. “Sylvie, let’s go.”
The obsidian dragon beat down its wings, creating a surge of wind below it. The dragon hovered over Arthur and lowered its tail for its master to grab onto.
Mounted atop the mighty beast, Arthur sheathed his sword and peered down at me with a harsh gaze. “Get Captain Glory or someone else capable to take the retainer’s corpse to The Council.”
There was a sharp sting to his words that I would punish anyone else for, but I held my tongue. The fear still lingering in me and the overwhelmingly imposing pressure Arthur radiated as he gave out his instructions made me lose all the remaining confidence I had.
He truly was a lance.
I sheathed my weapon and got down on one knee. “Yes, General.”





Chapter 158
Chapter 158: Covert
Nico, Cecilia, and I remained silent, staring at the words printed on the fabric-like sheet of paper in our hands as we sat around the shoddy patio table.
“W-We got in,” I muttered, not taking my eyes off of my acceptance letter. “I can’t believe we got in.”
“Speak for yourself. The only one Cecilia and I were worried about was you, Grey,” Nico chortled, but even he couldn’t hide his excitement as his lips spread into a wide grin.
“I can’t believe it either,” Cecilia whispered, her voice trembling.
“Woah! Are you crying, Cecilia?”
“N-No. I just have something in my eye—that’s all.”
I finally pried my eyes from the acceptance letter in my hand to see Cecilia hurriedly wiping her eyes with the ends of her sleeves, her usual creamy cheeks flushed bright red.
“Congratulations, you three,” Headmaster Wilbeck’s clear voice sounded from the entrance to the backyard.
“Headmaster!” Nico exclaimed, proudly holding up his letter for her to see like a trophy.
“I’ll need to find some spare frames to hang those letters up,” she smiled as she walked toward us, giving each one of us a hug.
Looking at the gentle smile on her face, a pang of guilt struck my chest. She was the woman who raised me like a son since I could remember, yet I was selfishly going away to a distant city. “Headmaster... are you sure it’s okay for us to go? I can stay and help out at the orphanage! It’s no big deal. I’m no good at studying anyway like Nico and Cecilia; plus, it’s expensive and you’re getting old so—ouch!” I yelped, rubbing my stinging forehead.
“I’ll take you to the academy if I have to drag you in your underwear myself,” she scolded, her finger curled up, ready to flick me again. “All these years of raising a troublemaker like you has paid off and you want to what—stay here? Not on my watch.”
“<em>Nico</em> is the troublemaker. I just get dragged along!” I protested, raising my hands to protect my forehead from the assault.
“Then I guess Mr. Sever deserves one of these as well,” the headmaster declared, flicking my best friend’s forehead with the speed and accuracy of a trained soldier.
“Ow! Grey! What gives!” Nico cried, vigorously rubbing his forehead in pain.

I smirked victoriously, when I heard a soft giggle beside me. Nico and I both snapped our heads to see Cecilia smiling for the first time.
The two of us stared, wide-eyed and jaws agape, while even the headmaster was surprised.
“Did she finally break?” Nico whispered, leaning close to my ears.
I stabbed my friend in his side with my elbow, my eyes strangely glued to the sight of Cecilia laughing. My chest tightened and I felt my face getting hot, but it was only when Cecilia realized that we were all staring that I realized I was blushing, just like she was.
I quickly turned around and stood up to avoid her gaze, stretching for no reason other than to draw attention away from my face.
Headmaster Wilbeck must’ve seen through me because she gave me that devious grin that made her look ten years younger.
“I’d better head back inside, kids. School doesn’t start for a few weeks but make a list of things you’ll need so that you won’t forget anything when one of the volunteers takes you all to town.” The headmaster made her way back to the sliding door she’d come from, turning around once more before stepping inside. “And congratulations again, you three.”
ARTHUR LEYWIN
<em>‘We’re drawing near the border,’</em> Sylvie’s voice rang in my head, pulling me out of my slumber. The white clouds, still blurry from my unaccustomed eyes, slowly came back into focus as I blinked. I peered down below and noticed that we’d just passed the Sehz Canal that flowed through Carn and Maybur City and into the western coast.
<em>How are you feeling?</em> I asked, stretching my sore neck and back as my legs dangled off the side of the base of my bond’s neck.
<em>‘I should ask you the same. I admit using my powers drained me more than I had expected but you definitely overexerted yourself,’</em> Sylvie chided, extending her large wings to slow our descent.
I let out a sigh that got swept away by the rushing wind. <em>I know. It seems I have a ways to go if I want to actually go head to head with a scythe.</em>
<em>‘We’re both young; time is a luxury that we are fortunate to have. We just need to remain careful and not doing anything rash... like trying to go </em>against<em> a retainer alone.’</em>
<em>I promise not to let that happen again, and besides, you saved the day there at the end,</em> I comforted, patting her scaled neck.
My bond didn’t reply, instead responding with a wave of frustration and helplessness that I could only chuckle at.
&nbsp;
We landed on the unsettled land just above the border leading into the Kingdom of Darv. The once damp soil of the forest turned dry and hard with cracks lining every inch. The trade route that the dwarves and humans used to exchange goods was near the eastern corner of Darv, by the Grand Mountains, so there were no visible roads this far out toward the coast.
“It’s still cold,” I grumbled as my cloak billowed in the wind.

<em>‘You should grow scales like me,’</em> Sylvie joked as she lowered her body to let me down.
“I’m just glad I’m still able to muster up enough mana to keep from freezing.” I slowly raised my leg and brought it around my bond’s neck, but as soon as my legs touched the ground a sharp pain coursing up my entire lower body sent me crumbling to the ground.
<em>‘The injuries in your legs aren’t getting better.’</em> Sylvie’s voice was wrapped in concern and guilt, as if she was the one responsible for the pain. <em>‘Maybe it’d be best if you keep riding me.’</em>

“No,” I gasped, willing more mana into my legs as a temporary solution. “If my suspicions are correct, we’re going to need to lay low, and we’ve already taken the risk of being exposed by riding this far down.”
<em>‘Very well.’</em> Sylvie’s large body began glowing as she shifted back into her fox-like form. Rather than ride on top of me like usual, she trotted beside me.
“Looks like Lady Myre’s prediction was right,” I said, taking careful steps. “Even after being healed with the vivum aether art, my lower body feels like it did when I was a newborn.”
<em>‘Grandmother’s control and knowledge of aether in the </em>vivum<em> path is much greater than mine. Maybe if she was here...’</em> Another wave of guilt washed over me from my bond as her pointed ears drooped.
<em>Stop with the sulking,</em> I chided, picking up the pace as we ventured into the dwarven territory. <em>Your grandmother’s warning was rather vague but I think with some rest and the help of my assimilated body, I should be fine.</em>
I tried to hide how unconfident I was with my own words but it was obvious that my emotions had leaked onto her. Because of how intensive the explosions of mana were on each of my muscles, I should be thankful that I’m even able to walk, but I couldn’t help but be frustrated at how weak my body was. Using Burst Step twice had left me with shattered bones and shredded muscles almost irreparable if it wasn’t for Sylvie. I winced at the mere thought of my mother’s expression if she were to see the state I was in... would she or any emitter have been able to heal me?
Swallowing down the dispiriting thoughts, I surveyed the area. Ahead of me was a vast expanse of varying shades of brown and yellow. The few plantlife scattered around consisted of either broken branches and shrubs carried by the wind from the forest or weeds sprouting out from between the cracks on the ground. I noted the large boulders spread about in case we needed to hide or take cover from the harsh winds, but so far, there were no signs of activity.
The jagged plains dipped and rose to form ravines. From the books that I’d read and what Elijah had told me, many of the gullies and ravines strewn all across the Kingdom of Darv had hidden entrances into the underground cities where the dwarves actually lived.
I let out a deep breath. “Let’s get started.”
Reaching into the depths of my mana core to where Sylvia’s beast will resided, I activated Realmheart once more.
As the familiar sensation washed over me once more, my body immediately protested. I quickly lurched over to the side and retched out the remains of whatever partially-digested food I had in my stomach and when that was all gone, I spewed a dark bile.
My chest heaved and the world span around me but, fortunately, I was still able to maintain Realmheart which was a crucial for this task.
<em>‘Maybe we should come back next time. With my lineage, I’m almost positive that I’ll inherit Realmheart once my powers fully develop. We can come back then and both of us can search—’</em>

I shook my head. <em>It doesn’t work that way. By then, the mana fluctuations in the atmosphere caused by the soldiers and the retainer will have equilibrated. The search has to be done now.</em>
<em>‘Equilibrated?’</em>
<em>The mana in the atmosphere will return to its original state,</em> I explained, turning my attention back to the particles of mana in the vicinity for any signs of abnormalities.
When I had first experienced this perspective while in Realmheart, the particles appeared chaotic, like specs of dust pushed and pulled by even the slightest breeze, but that wasn’t the case. During the short period I had with Lady Myre, she explained to me how mana and aether behaved in their natural state.
Each element of atmospheric mana behaved in their own pattern. Earth attribute mana remained near the ground, faintly shifting like fine sand rolling down a hill. Water and wind attribute mana moved similarly, but water particles were much more scarce. Fire attribute mana were scattered throughout, throbbing and pulsing, almost as if it was giving life to the planet.
Aether, however, behaved as if each particle had its own consciousness. Some moved alongside the particles of earth while others congregated around the wind and water attribute mana, herding them as if they were sheep. What Lady Myre said about aether being the glass that held the liquid—this force seemed to interact with mana in a special way.
Because of the sheer number of Alacryan soldiers that had somehow snuck into the Kingdom of Sapin, I had hoped that there would be some lingering trails of mana fluctuation but the task of actually singling out minute discrepancies in the endless sky of particles proved even harder than it sounded.
To make this task even harder (because it was already much too easy), I had to limit my use of mana to only strengthen my body. Even the very act of absorbing mana would create fluctuations that would interfere; I wouldn’t be able to tell my mana use apart from the Alacryan’s.
Taking long strides, Sylvie and I skirted one rock formation along the border that separated Sapin and Darv. Luckily, the soldiers weren’t able to hide their trail in the forest. Sylvie was able to find where they had traversed, but in this rocky desert where the wind constantly wiped all traces of activity, I was left with the cumbersome task of locating traces of mana fluctuations.
After an hour had passed, Sylvie finally lost her patience.
<em>‘Shouldn’t we be making our way toward the coast for signs of </em>Alacryan<em> ships? I don’t understand why we’re wasting time here. If anything, you should be getting rest, not wandering through this miserable desert.’</em>
<em>I thought you were able to read my mind,</em> I quipped, turning my head away from a rather strong blast of sandy wind.
<em>‘That’s not how it works. It’s mostly emotions that come through and very basic thoughts. Right now I only feel a strong sense of suspicion coming from you but other than that—’</em>
<em>I found something,</em> I nearly said aloud as I came to an abrupt halt. I had been looking at the sky this whole time but I hadn’t noticed anything odd until I spotted a dark spot on the ground. Even with a thin layer of dry sand covering it, there was a small but undeniable puddle of moist earth.
Dropping to my knees, I rubbed the wet dirt between my fingers just to make sure. I looked up at the sky once more and finally spotted what was missing. There was a faint lack of water attribute mana in the vicinity where the most soil was.
<em>‘What’s going on?’</em> Sylvie chimed, staring at the dirt in my hand.
<em>Looks like someone got thirsty,</em> I replied.
Surveying the area, I found more areas where the atmosphere was void of water attribute mana. Following the faint trail, we headed southeast, away from the coast, until we arrived at the edge of a narrow ravine.
<em>Come on. Let’s go down.</em>
We slowly climbed down the steep slope, the whistling wind masking all other sounds. Once we were at the bottom of the ravine, the faint trail of missing water attribute mana disappeared but it didn’t matter.
“Damn it,” I muttered softly, peering down the cliff. “I was actually hoping I’d be wrong.”
<em>‘Your suspicion... don’t tell me...’</em> A wave of realization exuded from my bond as she felt the rumble of the hollow ground beneath us.
<em>Yup. After this, I’m still only eighty percent sure but I suspect that the Alacryan army we fought got into Dicathen with the dwarves’ help.</em>





Chapter 159
Chapter 159: Down Within
There were radical implications if the dwarves were really allied with the Alacryans, but regardless of my hunch, I needed to make sure my suspicions weren’t just me being over skeptical.
It took me another hour or so to locate one of the hidden entrances to the dwarves’ underground kingdom, but even that was only possible with the help of Realmheart.
‘Your breathing is strained,’ Sylvie noted from inside my cloak as I carefully ran my fingers down the faint crease, camouflaged to look like an ordinary crack along the steep cliff.
It’s fine. I just used Realmheart for too long, that’s all, I replied as I stared down at my arms. Without the golden runes etched into me and my vision returning to normal, I realized how pale my body had become—it wasn’t the sort of creamy pale that girls wished for but the sickly pale that made you worry for your wellbeing.
‘I feel like I shouldn’t need to remind you, but do know that there is a concept called moderation that works wonders on both mind and body?’
Ignoring my bond’s nagging, I tried pushing at the concealed entrance once more. Despite the added mana to strengthen my body, the earthen door refused to move.
There should definitely be some sort of way to open it. I’m missing something. I continued sliding my hands, which were surrounded in earth attribute mana, across the length of the hidden door.
‘Maybe you need to be a dwarf to be allowed to enter,’ Sylvie mused.
No. I highly doubt that there is a specific mana signature that only dwarves could have besides deviants, and if that were the case, more than eighty percent of their population wouldn’t be able to get in through their own doors. No, there has to be a different—I think I got it!
I immediately kneeled, sending Sylvie tumbling out of my cloak with my sudden movement.
You may not need to be a dwarf but a dwarf had definitely built this, so I should act as if I were one. I ran my hands through the rocky wall once more, pushing aside the shrub that covered much of the bottom-half of the hidden door.
‘Ah, the height!’ she exclaimed, her excited voice ringing in my head as she climbed atop my shoulder.
After several minutes of trying to find the handle, button, lever—anything—to open the lock mechanism, I finally found it. At about four feet from the ground, near the ridge of the door, my left hand sunk into the cliff. At first, it felt like I had accidentally touched some sort of sap or glue-like substance, but when I highered the output of mana into my hand, the viscosity of the wall changed. As I played around with the unique mechanism of this door, I realized that it wasn’t about how much earth attribute mana you put into your hand, but the precise pattern of mana levels you invoked as you inserted your hand deeper into the hidden lock.
If the mana output levels could be measured from a value of one to ten, then I needed to find the right combination between those numbers to successfully unlock this entrance.
Every time I guessed the output level wrong and attempted to push my hand through deeper into the lock hole, the earth surrounding my hand turned more viscous, pushing my hand out of the lock.

“Damn it,” I cursed under my breath after the twentieth failed attempt at unlocking the door. Half tempted to blow open the door, I took a deep breath and released Realmheart once more.
Immediately, a searing pain flooded out of my core and into body and limbs. I buckled and fell to my knees into a series of intense coughs. I didn’t just vomit food and bile this time but blood as well.
A wave of dissatisfaction and concern washed out of Sylvie.
I swear, if you say something about moderation again...
‘Let’s just get this mission over with. You can get some rest then,’ she replied.
With a feeble nod, I put weight on my legs to prop myself back up only to end up flat on my back. With the little mana I had spent on maintaining Realmheart, I rescinded the mana I’d coalesced into my legs to save for unlocking the entrance.
I could feel the emotions of my bond once again as she peered down at me. Staying silent, Sylvie helped me into a sitting position by pushing me back up with her head.
Taking breaths felt like I was swallowing needles, but I was thankful that I could even activate Realmheart again. Wasting no time, I focused on the area where the keyhole was, my hand barely reaching it with the help of Sylvie. Using the last bit of mana that I’d saved, I willed earth attribute mana into my hand.
Immediately, I could see the fluctuations of mana particles gathering around the concealed keyhole. When I willed the correct amount of mana into my hand, the particles lit up and dispersed, allowing my hand to go further into the hole without fear that I’d have to start over.
I bet you dragons never thought of using Realmheart for things like this, I smirked as my hand submerged into the wall, now up to my forearm.
‘Things like unlocking a door? No, that’d be beneath us,’ my bond grunted.
Situations call for adaptation, my furry little dragon, I retorted, tugging on the handle buried deep within the lock mechanism of the concealed door. With a satisfying click, the earthen wall rumbled before sliding open.
I turned back and shot my bond, who was still keeping my broken body up, a proud wink.
‘I get embarrassed at the thought of ever referring you as "papa".’ Even in her furry little fox form, there was a palpable sense of mockery as she rolled her eyes.
Hey, you were the one that hatched for me. Withdrawing Realmheart, I wiped the trail of blood that ran down my chin from the corner of my mouth and reallocated my miniscule mana into my legs once more.
Working with a single-digit percentage of my mana barely allowed me the luxury of being able to use my mangled legs, and even then standing was an arduous task.
Using the wall as a support, I got up and spared no time heading down the narrow corridor. The passageway that was about five feet wide and had a ceiling that scraped the top of my head even when hunched was more like a crude tunnel than an actual hallway. Fortunately, there were candles casting a dim light inside little cubby holes dug into either side of the walls. Without the need for mana aside from strengthening my legs, I was able to take advantage of this brief down time to use Mana Rotation and replenish my empty core.

I could feel the heat from the candles, but after venturing through the harsh sandy winds I wholeheartedly welcomed it. I stuck to the left side of the hallway, partly to be somewhat hidden and also because I desperately needed to lean against the jagged wall for support while walking down the small slope. Meanwhile, Sylvie trotted carefully a few steps ahead, checking and testing anything remotely suspicious that could be a hidden trap.
‘Is this really a good idea? You’re in no state for battle if, by chance, we encounter an enemy. I’m limited to what I can do in this form and even if we see that the dwarves are allied with the Alacryans, what can we do?’ my bond bombarded as we slowly made our way down hallway.
It’s not a good idea, but we need to do this, I replied seriously. You’re right; I can’t fight, and there’s not much place to hide in case we do run into someone, but we can’t waste time recovering. If I’m right, even if I can’t gather proof, I know at least Virion and Aldir will listen to me.
*** You are reading on https://ReadFreeWebNovelonline.com ***
‘Fine, but our arrangement still stands. The moment we run into trouble, I’m breaking these walls and we’re getting out of here.’
Sure, I complied as we continued making our way down the dimly lit hallway until something luminescent—that wasn’t a candle—appeared in the distance. Exchanging a glance with each other, my bond and I made our way toward the light.
The tunnel curved slightly the closer we got to the still light and my ears were able to pick up distant echoes of sounds. The sounds grew louder as the two of us continued down the tunnel but there were too many things going on at once for me to pick apart specific sounds. There were conversation and echoes, multiple sharp footfalls, as well as the clanging of metal. Finally, after about another few minutes of steady staggering, the exit of the tunnel laid just ahead.
With my back against the wall, I sidestepped toward the exit, careful not to accidentally kick any pebbles or create some other noise that might alarm a guard that might be around the corner. Sensing no signs of activity just outside the tunnel, Sylvie and I shuffled quickly to the edge of the exit where a curtain of shadow hid us from any unsuspecting eyes.
We gazed blankly at the magnitude of what we had stumbled onto. The hallway opened up into an enormous cavern with a domed ceiling so without imperfection that, for a second, I doubted that we were still underground. Rather than candles, massive torches lined the walls to reveal just how large the cavern actually was and who were within.
I let loose a string of curses in my head as I peered down. In the center of the cavern floor—roughly two stories down—was a massive teleportation gate surrounded by dwarves and steadily trickling out from the shimmering gate were Alacryan troops.
Before I was able to get a closer look at what was going on, the sound of footsteps approaching the tunnel we had come through made me whirl back. The massive cavern seemed like a beehive, with dozens of other tunnels dotted uniformly along the wall. Dozens of staircases carved of stone lined the walls, each one of them leading to a different tunnel, and approaching the tunnel that Sylvie and I had come through was a platoon of Alacryan soldiers.
‘I’m getting us out of here,’ my bond stated, her body already beginning to glow.
Not yet! Focusing on one of the entrances to a tunnel just a few yards away, I managed to will a few rocks to dislodge. I immediately heard the flurry of movement as the platoon whirled around, weapons and armor clanking.
Using the opportunity, I quickly picked up my bond and held her tightly against my chest. Flattened myself against the corner of the entrance and wall as much as possible, I mustered more of the mana I had gathered on our way here and willed a curtain of rock from the wall to surround us.
“Just a loose rock. Let’s go,” the soldier leading the platoon grunted.
Hold your breath, I ordered Sylvie as I activated Mirage Walk. Coalescing the atmospheric mana around us to hide our presence was something that I’d never had the need to use since coming back to Dicathen, but in this situation where enemy mages would be marching just inches away from us, I didn’t want to take any chances.

Inside a coffin of earth, I was surrounded by complete darkness. I could hear the synchronized marching of the soldiers as they went past us, their deliberate footfalls echoing against the tunnel walls. They were so close that I could hear the hushed whispers of the soldiers.
“When do you think we’ll go back home?” a voice murmured.
“Why? Miss your family already?” a husky voice mocked. “Just focus on racking some achievements through this war. Your blood will be thankful if you can finally afford to move them out of that little hut you call a home.”
“Great Virtra, both of you hush,” a gruff voice hissed. “Our whole team is going to be on night watch if you two keep it up.”
I couldn’t help but become absorbed in their conversations. Their way of talking was rather similar to ours but certain terms, like ‘blood’ and ‘Great Vritra’, I could only guess from their context. This got me thinking. How can two different continents that had almost no contact with each other be so eerily similar in their language?
‘Grandfather told me that it was is of the asura’s intervention,’ my bond chimed in, her voice tense even in my head. ‘Asuras often sent a representative to secretly help advance Alacrya and Dicathen when needed. He explained how they would take the form of a lesser being, albeit exceptionally smart, and help them progress through the centuries.’
Sort of like how you asuras granted us the artifacts way back then? I asked.
‘Yup. Except that, apparently, we had been doing long before then. The artifacts were supposedly a rather drastic change that the asuras chose to do to keep the lessers from going extinct.’
I see, I pondered. It was a scary thought to think that perhaps the geniuses of my old world were actually deities sent from above to help us survive and progress.
As minutes slowly trickled by, the soldiers’ conversations did little to alleviate the discomfort of our situation. Without even cracks in the conjured coffin to provide breathable air, it became almost unbearably stifling and hot. I tried to focus solely on keeping up Mirage Walk to hide us from anyone with a keen sense when a loud thump shook the enclosed crevice we were in.
“What are you doing?” another soldier whispered impatiently.
The earthen crevice shook once more as the same soldier hit the wall I had conjured once again.
‘I’m ready to fight. Just stay behind me,’ my bond informed, her voice lowering to a fierce growl in my mind.
Just hold still, I snapped, trying to keep my heart from bursting out of my ribcage.
“This end of the entrance was different from the other side,” the soldier replied hesitantly to his comrade. “And it sounded a bit hollow when I hit it.”
There was a brief pause where I was almost afraid that they’d investigate further, but to my surprise his comrade just let out a scoff.
“Merciful Vritra. I know you’re green but don’t hold the others back just because you see something weird. We’re in a different continent.”
I almost let out an audible sigh of relief as the sound of footsteps resumed, slowly subsiding as they made their way up the tunnel we had just come down from.
After making sure the soldiers had all passed by and no one else was coming, I opened a tiny hole to survey our surroundings. Only after another few minutes did I revoke my spell.
‘We got what we came here for. Now let’s go back to tell Virion so you can actually get some rest to heal your wounds,’ Sylvie pleaded.
Yeah, let’s go, I agreed. Even with Sylvie’s unique healing techniques using aether, my legs were on the verge of collapsing and the only brief rest I had gotten was when I passed out on her back while coming here.
Already contemplating the best way to tell this critical news to Virion and Aldir and the precautions I would need to take just in case things went south and I needed to fight against the two dwarven lances, I merely took a glance back at the domed ceiling cavern when the Alacryan soldiers that were present suddenly all kneeled, facing the transportation gate.
After confronting two retainers and even defeating one, I thought that I’d be prepared to face a scythe. Even under the suspicion that the dwarves were betraying Dicathen, I was confident in being able to win this war. But as a figure clad in obsidian stepped out of that gate, I couldn’t help but feel shaken. Being here, barely standing on my own two feet, I felt like a mere flicker against the wind. I felt despair.





Chapter 160
Chapter 160: Healing Procedure
The mysterious figure cast a suffocating pressure throughout the cavern as it stepped out of the gate. Even Sylvie, who had been so eager to leave, was frozen stiff as she helplessly peered down at the sight below.
As the rest of its body appeared through the teleportation gate, my eyes immediately became fixed on its horns.
The horns I’d seen on all of the other Vritras so far looked menacing—as if they were part beast—but looking at the two spikes protruding from above the figure’s temples and veer back toward the crown of its head, they exuded a sense of prestige and regality, like a tiara placed gently on its head. Unlike the murky black horns I’d seen up until now, this Vritra’s obsidian horns all but glowed like precious stones, contrasting starkly against its pearl-colored mane that flowed back past a set of narrow shoulder.
As the Vritra indifferently surveyed its surroundings, I was able to catch a quick glimpse of its face before retreating back behind the entrance of the tunnel out of fear that the Vritra would be able to sense me even with Mirage Walk activated.
It was then I realized that this oppressive aura had come from a girl that looked no older in appearance than Tessia. She possessed elegant features, dark eyes and a thin frame underneath a fur-trimmed obsidian robe, yet even amongst a crowd of dwarves, she appeared small and petite.
After a few seconds, I mustered up the courage to look down once more.
“L-Lady Nezera?” a barrel-chested Alacryan soldier greeted as he remained genuflected in front of the crowd of kneeling dwarves, confused.
“Where is Cylrit?” the female Vritra asked cooly, facing one of the many Alacryan soldiers surrounding the gate and the kneeling dwarves.
The female soldier that Lady Nezera acknowledged immediately rose to her feet. “Commander Cylrit is currently stationed near the northern coast of Sapin, awaiting you before he begins his attack, Lady Nezera.”
“Very well. Let us depart.” Her soft voice spread like a cold breeze, sending shivers down my back despite the distance between us.
“Yes, Lady Nezera!” The female soldier saluted, rallying her troops to follow after the dainty Vritra.
However as she walked past the soldier who had first called out her name in surprise, he spoke out. “Forgive my rudeness, Lady Nevera, but what of the new scythe? I was instructed to take him to Commander Uto.”
There was a moment of silence as everyone in the vicinity anxiously shifted glances between Lady Nezera and the large soldier. She peered down at the soldier with a cold, emotionless gaze until she finally spoke. “He’s not ready. Melzri and Viessa are still working on him.”
“I-I see,” the soldier replied, his shoulders visibly relaxing. “My apologies for wasting your time.”
By her speech, it was obvious that she herself was a scythe as well but a part of me didn’t want to believe it—that such a being, comparable even to an asura, was an opponent I would ultimately have to face. Better yet, the number of scythes we had to worry about had increased.
<em>‘Another scythe?’</em> Sylvie echoed, her voice dripping with worry.
<em>Come on, let’s get out of here,</em> I sent to my bond. Now that a scythe had entered the war, getting this information back up to the castle had to be done quickly.
I took one last quick glance at the scythe named Nezera when she looked back over her shoulder as well.

For a split second, her gaze passed by the tunnel where we’d been hiding and our eyes met.
Her gaze eventually swept past me but in that flashing moment, her cold eyes had locked onto me with the focus of a predator.
There was no doubt about it; she knew I was here.
My body stiffened as if every ounce of blood in my body had congealed. My hand grew clammy while my heartbeat rose to the point where I feared the entire cavern would hear me. Yet, she turned back and continued up the stairs in the same curt manner she had before—unfazed and uncaring.
<em>‘What’s wrong?’</em> my bond asked.
I stood still, afraid to move. It was only after she’d left that I let out a breath. <em>I think she saw me.</em>
Feeling my apprehension, she knew I wasn’t joking, making her all the more restless. <em>‘Now can we leave? Or do you want to wait until the rest of the </em>Alacryan<em> army knows we’re here...’</em>
I couldn’t help but let out a wry smile. It was in these rare moments that my bond showed glimpses of her immaturity. <em>Yeah. Let’s go.</em>
Exiting the tunnel, we were greeted by the ever-pleasant slap of desert wind. Sylvie and I had agreed to hold off on flying until we’d reached the forest on the border of Sapin and Darv. However, after a mile of careful trekking, my body had succumbed to a fit of shivers. Constantly using Mirage Walk in case nearby Alacryan soldiers sensed my mana fluctuations had drained my meager reserve of mana. Using the rest of the mana to strengthen my legs, I was left with only my cloak to protect me from the sharp sand-embedded winds.
<em>It’s been a while since I’ve gotten this cold.</em> I clenched my jaw to keep my teeth from chattering. Leaning my back against a boulder for temporary shelter from the wind, I wrapped my cloak tightly around me.
<em>‘Just a little more. We’re almost there. Should I use aether once more?’</em> my bond asked as she gazed up at my pitiful state.
<em>No. I can barely keep Mana Rotation active in this state. Using aether might set off the soldiers, or worse, the scythe.</em>
<em>‘Okay.’</em> Pressing against my leg to do what she could to keep me just a little warmer, we stayed still for a brief moment until the wind died down just a bit.
After painstakingly walking back toward the forest, walking zigzag from one boulder to another in case of any Alacryan soldiers hidden from the faint light of the crescent moon, I almost broke into tears at the shadowed figures of trees in the distance.
Just a few minutes into the forest, the wind had died down significantly and—despite it being the same temperature—my body slowly began to thaw.
<em>‘Let’s rest here for a bit,’</em> Sylvie said, pointing with her snout at a nearby hollowed log.
We should... get back to the castle, I replied, my eyelids growing heavier with each word.
My bond nudged me toward the log. <em>‘We need to put some more distance between us and the soldiers ahead anyway. Just a one hour nap. At this rate, you’ll freeze without mana to protect you while flying.’</em>
There was a comforting power to her words that seemed to drain the rest of what little energy I had left in me. Suddenly hit with a wave fatigue, I stumbled into the hollow log. My consciousness slowly faded into darkness with the last thing I witnessed being Sylvie dropping a mouthful of leaves on top of my body for warmth.
Despite my feeble state, deep sleep eluded me. From the tension of being out in harm’s way with little strength to protect myself and the recent turn of events, my mind worked overtime to stay at least half-conscious.
After about an hour of resting my eyes and body, Sylvie and I climbed out from the comfort of our blanket of leaves and departed. Without the need to use mana to strengthen my legs while riding Sylvie, I was able to protect myself from the prevailing winds.

The journey back to the castle was silent aside from the howling gales. Conversation was almost nonexistent between us as both of us had become lost in our own thoughts.
The war had just gotten exponentially more complicated now that we knew the dwarves were aiding the Alacryan forces. It wasn’t as black and white as us versus them now. There was still the possibility that it was only a specific faction of the dwarves that were aiding our enemy, but if Rahdeas, Elijah’s foster guardian and now leader of the dwarves, had something to do with this, then that meant we were potentially down two lances.
Assuming the worst, the only positive that came out of this was that Rahdeas was still acting as if he was on our side. This meant that he either had more to gain from being a double agent or that he wasn’t confident enough to openly defy the rest of The Council.

<em>‘We’re here,’</em> Sylvie announced.
Looking up, I could see the floating castle floating amidst the layers of clouds. Dotted around the large structure were soldiers mounted on flying mana beasts on all sides. With the unabated sun shining directly above, casting shadows on the sea of clouds below the castle and flying guards, it was a rather awe-inspiring sight that would surely make the jaws drop of anyone who had never visited, but for me, all I looked forward to was hibernating on the first comfortable surface I came across inside.
Most forms of entry came through teleportation gates so when we approached, the guards immediately gathered between us and the castle. Weapons glowed brightly at the ready as the bonds the soldiers were mounted on also prepared for battle. However, once we got close enough for the soldiers to make out who we were they formed two lines, creating an aerial path for Sylvie and I to follow into the entrance.
“General Arthur!” The guards saluted in unison atop their flying beasts. As we slowly made our way through the pathway, the double doors that towered over even Sylvie slowly creaked open just ahead.
It was obvious that Captain Auddyr had already arrived since there was a team of medics and emitters waiting for me. The landing chamber was a flurry of activity as soon as the large double doors opened. Medics and emitters who were assigned to remain there until I’d arrived—some of which were casually playing with a deck of cards—all dropped what they were doing and immediately prepared to treat me.
The area had turned into a flurry of activity with indiscernible noises bombarding my ears from every corner of the expansive room. As soon as Sylvie landed, the medics got to work by bringing over a contraption similar to a gurney.
“I’m okay,” I croaked, my voice hardly coming out. “Let me talk to Virion first.”
“Strap him in and don’t let him walk,” Sylvie rumbled, startling everyone in the room—including me. My bond had always refrained from talking to anyone but me, and even then she preferred to communicate telepathically.
Taken aback by my bond’s sudden commands, I complied to Sylvies wishes and allowed myself to be carried by the gurney as both medics and emitters began examining me. My bond transformed into her fox-like form and trotted along beside me as I was being moved from the landing chamber to a proper medical facility.
It didn’t take long for the medics to determine where my injuries laid during our little trip to the medical room; better yet, I heard one of the medics sighing that it was probably easier to list the places of my body that weren’t damaged.
That was always reassuring.
Coming from a period and place that was technologically advanced, I had always looked down on the medical field of this world, but it turned out I had wrongly underestimated it. What this world couldn’t achieve through technology, they made up for with magic. Teams of deviant mages, whose powers were all specialized toward the medical field, were all waiting for me as I was pushed into a large square room with vaulted ceilings.
As time trickled by, I could feel the injuries and deprivations of my body catching up to me. With the adrenaline that had been keeping me able dwindling, it felt like my limbs had turned into lead weights. I struggled to stay awake as medics and emitters began carefully probing my body.
After they finished another round of preliminary examinations, an elderly mage by the name of Mendul arrived into the room. The thick, square-jawed mage introduced himself as a deviant capable of adjusting and fine-tuning his vision using mana to be able to individually perceive the different layers of any living thing’s body. Whether it was the skeletal, muscular or even nervous system, he was able to see them all.
Mendul continued scanning my body using an ink pen to draw dozens of areas directly on my body while taking notes as I focused all of my efforts on staying conscious.
“Where’s Commander Virion?” I asked after Mendul had finished marking my body like some sort of map.
“My apologies, General Arthur. Commander Virion is currently away from the castle,” a thin, middle-aged man dressed in a pale-green robe stated.

Judging by how he had been coordinating the other medics, emitters and other deviants in the room, I could only guess that he was the head of the medical team here. While normally, I’d be a bit more courteous to man who was in charge of healing me, I couldn’t help let a tone of impatience slip while talking. “He’s away? Where? When’s he going to be back?”
“H-He did not say,” he replied apologetically. “I was only able to see him leave with Captain Auddyr and Captain Glory along with General Aya.”
I sank further down into the elevated bed I had been moved to since coming to this room, careful not to keep my eyes closed for too long in fear that I may slip into slumber. If Virion had left with Auddyr and Vanesy and had to take a lance with him, they were most likely going back to where I had defeated the retainer in the forest near the southern border of Sapin.
Despite my condition, I couldn’t help but worry. <em>They might run into the </em>Alacryan<em> platoon that was marching up north. Worse, that scythe might try to find the retainer I killed</em>.
<em>‘I’m not too worried about the scythe, since she seemed to be leaving in a different direction, but you’re right about the platoon,’</em> my bond replied.
<em>Maybe you should go and warn them?</em>
<em>‘And leave you here alone? After finding out that the dwarves are allied with the Vritra? Has your brain left you?’</em>
I took a quick glance around the room to see both elves and dwarves along with the human medics, all waiting for further instructions as they prepared tools and different medicines.
<em>Damn it,</em> I cursed, knowing she was right. Fine. I guess we can only pray for their safety.
<em>‘Virion has with him a lance, after all. Don’t try to handle everything alone. They’ll be fine without you,’</em> she comforted<em>. ‘I’ll be right here, making sure these medics aren’t doing anything suspicious. Just rest and focus on healing.’</em>
“What about Aldir?” I asked hopefully.
“Once again, I’m sorry.” the head medic dipped his head. “Only Commander Virion knows the whereabouts of Lord Aldir. I, myself, have only seen him once—very briefly.”
I could only let out a sigh of frustration as the last ounce of strength left me. “It’s fine. So what’s the plan here? Were you able to come up with a diagnosis for my injuries?”
The head medic turned to Mendul, who stepped toward me and looked down at his notes before speaking. “General Arthur, your injuries are rather unique in how complex they are. To be frank, it’s only because of your assimilated body and the level of your mana core that you’re even able to remain conscious. Even then, I can’t help but say I’m surprised to see you so lively—all things considered, of course.”
I managed to shift my gaze down at Sylvie, who was sitting on the ground beside my bed. <em>I have you to thank for that.</em>
<em>‘You’re welcome,’</em> she replied curtly.<em> ‘Although, I fear I’ll have to do this again in the future.’</em>
I shot my bond a weak grin before looking back to Mendul. “So what sort of procedure should I expect?”
The deviant shifted uncomfortably as he stroked his short beard. “The injuries on your lower body have healed, but not perfectly. In order for you to be able to walk without the use of mana, we’re going to have to, very accurately, break your bones and tear your tissues in very small increments and guide them to heal properly.”
Prying open my tired eyes, I locked gazes with the head medic who had been silently waiting for further instructions. I wasn’t sure whether it was because I was so desperate to be in full health again or because I had undergone countless surgeries after battles during my time as a king in my previous world, but my mind was at peace.
I took one last meaningful glance at my bond before closing my eyes. In a place where anyone in this room could potentially harm me, I was thankful to have Sylvie here.
“Go ahead.”
“Yes, General Arthur!” the thin medic nodded vigorously. “Rest assured; upon hearing news of your condition from Captain Auddyr, Commander Virion spared no efforts in gathering the most elite mages of all three races to make sure you are back in full strength.”
“I’ll be in everyone’s care.” At my whispered words, the mages and medics in the room immediately bowed.
“Seldia, you’re up,” Mendul barked.
A young female elf approached me, giving me a gentle smile. She extended her hand, pressing my forehead with her forefinger. “Excuse me for the intrusion.”
As she closed her eyes, a soothing wave radiated from her fingertip into my head and down the rest of my body. My eyes fell shut as a gentle blanket of darkness wrapped around me.





Chapter 161
Chapter 161: Why Are You Crying?
“Where to next, Nico?” I asked, cheerfully swinging the plastic bags filled with school supplies by my side.
“We still have to pick up our uniforms, right?” Cecilia answered, cradling a textbook in her arms as if it were a baby.
“It hasn’t been two hours yet since we got ourselves measured. We’ll make that our last stop,” Nico replied. He looked down at his little notepad. “We need to buy backpacks and calculators.”
The three of us strolled casually on the city sidewalk. The streets were old and crooked, with paving stones that wobbled and shifted out of place from the weight of passing pedestrians. Dull buildings towered over us, blending in with the murky gray sky. A recent rain shower covered the usually grimy stench of the area with a fresh earthy smell, while puddles had gathered in the dips and potholes of the neglected streets.
Arcastead was by no means a pleasant or appealing city. Yet, at this moment, everything around me was at least bearable. From the homeless people lurking behind the trash bins in back alleys to the scowling soldiers threatening to arrest any passerby that accidentally bumped into them, the usual sight that I hated so much about this place somehow seemed charming.
Nico let out a sigh, snapping me out of my daze. “Our uniforms might be the same as everyone else’s, but if we go in there with worn out backpacks it’ll be obvious that we’re orphans. I’d rather not have us be excluded by the other students.”
“Fine,” I relented, following Nico as he crossed the street.
The sun had fallen by the time we finished purchasing all of the necessary supplies to start our new lives as students. As we headed toward the outskirts of Arcastead, both the number of patrolling soldiers and street lights became more scarce, keeping us on our toes. Nico and I knew the area well enough to outrun any potential thieves or kidnappers, but having Cecilia with us made the walk back to the orphanage all the more tense.
“Are you excited to go to school, Cecilia?” Nico asked quietly, hoping to fill in the awkward silence.
Her brows furrowed in thought but she ultimately nodded with a smile that had become more frequent as of late. “I’m nervous and scared, but yes.”
As I was about to chime in, a faint rustle drew my attention. Pretending as though I was digging through the plastic bag of school supplies, I took a peek behind us to see a shadow flit behind an alleyway.
“—right, Grey?” Nico nudged my arm.
“Huh?” I whipped my head back forward.
“Sheesh, don’t space out on us,” Nico admonished. “I know we’ve been through this area hundreds of times but it’s still dangerous to be daydreaming like that.”
Scratching the back of my head, I let out a wry chuckle. “My bad.”
“And I was just saying to Cecilia that we would be there in case anything happened to her,” Nico sighed.
Cecilia, who was walking on the other side of Nico, let out a giggle when I heard another faint noise.
A shiver ran down my spine. I could feel my heart pound against my ribcage, trying to break free. Suddenly, I was all too conscious of my breathing. The shallow, ragged breathing I’d heard so many times in movies when the main character was scared.
I was scared. I didn’t know of what, but my body was telling me to run—to get out of here.
Out of the corner of my eye something fast twinkled against the flickering street light, and once again, the world seemed to slow down around me.
I lunged sideways, knocking both Nico and Cecilia into the grimy street.
“Run!” I roared as I heard the click of another projectile being loaded from the shadows.
Although startled and confused, Nico was able to gather his wits. Abandoning his bags, he pulled our disoriented friend into the nearby alleyway.
It felt as if someone else was taking control of my body as I instinctively dipped down and picked up Cecilia’s textbook. I raised the thick hardbound book up to my chest, just in time to feel the force of the projectile sending me staggering back.
I took a quick glance down to see a syringe-like object embedded into the textbook. A clear liquid oozed out of the buried end, dripping to the ground.
It wasn’t a bullet. I knew that for sure.
The memory of my trip to the zoo with Headmaster Wilbeck sprang to mind. It was one of those needles they shot at animals in order to make them fall asleep.

Yanking the needle out of the textbook, I followed after Nico and Cecilia into the narrow alleyway.
“After them! I don’t care what you do with the boys, just keep the girl alive,” a gruff voice barked out orders from behind me.
“Keep running!” My voice echoed off the worn stone walls as I ran, ducking under the rusted fire escape ladders and vaulting over trash bins.
It didn’t take long for me to catch up to my friends, which meant that it wouldn’t take much longer for the crooks behind us to reach us as well.
Nico was fine, but there was a trail of blood running down his legs and arms from scrapes and scratches while running. I knocked down metal trash cans and discarded boxes, throwing anything hard at the pursuers in a desperate attempt to slow them down.
“They’re... going to... catch up,” Nico wheezed, running out of breath.
“Why are they after us?” Cecilia panted as she exerted all of her energy and focus into not tripping over something on the ground.
I shook my head, ignorant as well aside from what the man had said. “Nico, do you still have that glove on you?”
“I should—wait, you’re not seriously thinking of—”
“Can you think of any other way?” I cut him off, my voice laced with impatience.
At Nico’s signal, we veered left into a narrow alley. Our pursuers’ footfalls were growing louder as they gained in on us.
Grudgingly, Nico dug through his jacket pockets. After finding it, he stretched his arm out to give it to me when Cecilia snatched it away from his hand.
“Cecilia?” Nico exclaimed.
“I-I’ll do it,” Cecilia stammered, putting on the fuzzy black glove.
Dumbfounded by the girl’s sudden courage, I nearly tripped over a pile of discarded clothes. “It’s too dangerous. And you still can’t control your ki!”
“Nico and I both heard what that man yelled earlier,” Cecilia huffed. “They aren’t allowed to kill me, right?”
I looked to Nico for assistance, but he couldn’t come up with an argument either. Cursing under my breath, I tightened my grip around the syringe in my hand.
“Fine. Nico, got a plan?”
My friend’s eyes narrowed the way it did when he was thinking. “We make a right over there,” he ordered softly.
I looked back over my shoulder to see two pursuers dressed in black less than twenty feet feet away from us.
We turned sharply into a wide back-alley behind an old restaurant. I had expected us to keep running but Nico pulled me back by my sleeve.
“Cecilia, fall on your belly like you just tripped over something. Grey, with me,” Nico hissed, dragging me behind a cluster of metal trash cans.
My heart thrummed like a drum, loud enough for me to worry that our pursuers might hear.
It only took a couple seconds for the two men in black to skid to a stop around the corner.
The one on the right spoke into his wrist. “Sir, we have the girl in our sights.”
“The girl tripped and it looks like the boys have abandoned her. Permission to proceed?” the pursuer on the left asked.
Unlike the crooks that’d tried to mug Nico and I a few months back, it was obvious that these two were professionals. They stepped toward Cecilia with caution but to our surprise, our timid and quiet friend began bawling.
“Guys! Don’t leave me!” she wailed as she began crawling away. “Please!”
The man on the right let out a faint scoff as he shook his head. He walked forward, stepping down on Cecilia’s leg.

I gnashed my teeth as Cecilia let out a cry, but for once, Nico looked more angry than me. His eyes were fierce in a way that made even me fearful.
While the man that asked for permission to proceed remained a few feet away, the pursuer on the right stretched down and snagged Cecilia up by the back of her coat.
He brought up the communication device on his other wrist and spoke. “We have her.”

Cecilia took full advantage of that opportunity to lash around and plant her gloved hand on the pursuer’s face.
A shrill scream tore out of Cecilia’s throat. Like all the times she had gone out of control, a blast of ki erupted out of her. However, some of her rampant ki had flowed down her arm and to her hand. A current of electricity flashed out the black glove, lighting the dingy alleyway.
The pursuer that had grabbed ahold of Cecilia wasn’t even able to scream as his body spasmed.
A puddle formed on the ground between the victim’s legs as Cecilia pried herself free from his grasp.
Nico squeezed my arm and we rushed into action. Nico dived for the uninjured pursuer’s legs while I went for his sternum.
I’d thought the flash of light would’ve disoriented him enough for us to end the fight quickly, but he had recovered fast enough to react to our attack.
Sidestepping out of Nico’s reach, he kicked my friend away while he swung down his right arm.
I back-stepped away from his strike and closed in to strike his exposed throat, throwing him by surprise.
Confident that I would be able to land my attack I stepped into reach, only for him to dip his head and stretch his left hand toward my neck at frightening speed.
I gagged as the man’s cold hand gripped around my throat and lifted me off the ground.
“You have potential, kid,” he sneered, bringing me close to him. “A waste you’ll have to die here.”
With less than an arm’s length distance between us, I was able to see the man’s face for the first time. His nose and mouth were covered by a mask, but it didn’t matter. With his scarred left eye being brown and right eye green, I would be able to spot him from a mile away.
My vision was darkening and I could feel the strength leave my body, but despite the situation, I shot the two-colored man a smirk.
Praying to whichever higher being could help me, I drove the point of the syringe into the man’s neck.
“What—” he gasped, letting go of me as he fell to the ground.
With no time to waste, I hurriedly woke up the unconscious Nico and helped Cecilia back to her feet.
“W-We did it,” Cecilia whispered as she leaned on me for support. Her legs were shaking, not from the cold but out of fear, and her cheeks were lined with tears.
“Good job, you two,” Nico muttered weakly as he put Cecilia’s other arm over his shoulder for support.
“Yeah, we did it.” I nodded. “Now, come on. We need to get out of here before more of them come.
“You’d best kill us and run far away, brats.”
I whipped my head over my shoulder to see the guy with the brown and green eyes squirming on the ground.
“You have nowhere to go,” he mumbled, his voice slurring from the effects of the clear liquid. “I made sure of that.”
“Let’s go, Grey,” Nico urged, tightening his arm around Cecilia to keep her steady.
None of us talked as we made our way to the orphanage. Even the streets were quiet except for the sirens that screamed in the distance. It was as if we didn’t want to accept what had happened to us—that we were almost killed for no reason. I wanted to look forward. I wanted to, instead, think about the fact that we were going to attend a school in a new city soon. We would have to buy new supplies, but that’d be okay. Everything would be okay once we got to the orphanage and Headmaster Wilbeck got us out of Arcastead.
Cecilia was able to walk on her own after about a few blocks, which was a vast improvement from when she would be knocked out cold for hours after one of her ki outbursts.
“Thanks for the help,” Cecilia muttered, breaking the silence as she shyly handed what was left of the black glove back to Nico. The shock glove that my friend made had been reduced to a clump of wool from the overload of ki from Cecilia. “Sorry about your glove.”

“Don’t worry about it.” Nico stuffed the remains of his glove into his tattered jacket and looked at me with a smirk. “At least I was able to see what it was capable of thanks to you. Grey wasn’t useful at all.”
“Make fun of me all you want; I was the one that saved you guys today,” I gloated, sticking my tongue out at Nico.
Unexpectedly, Nico responded seriously. “You’re right. I wasn’t any help in that fight.”
“H-Hey, I was just kidding,” I stammered, a pang of guilt ringing in my chest.
“Nico, it was thanks to your glove that we were able to escape them,” Cecilia consoled.
“Yeah!” I quickly agreed, walking ahead of them. “And I bet you can learn to make a lot more better tools and weapons after going to school!”
Nico’s sullen expression brightened at our words. Taking out the remains of the shock glove, he gripped it tightly with a newfound fervor in his eyes. “We’ll need to get new supplies first. Headmaster Wilbeck is going to blow a fuse!”
Cecilia let out a giggle. “She might even make us go back tomorrow morning to find it!”
I let the two enjoy their moment behind me as the two of them burst into a fit of laughter. The summer nights were usually warm but it felt different than usual. The air was dry with a smell of smoke that was only getting stronger getting stronger...why?
I turned the corner into the street our orphanage was on, and I found my answer.
Nico and Cecilia grew closer behind me but their footsteps seemed to echo and their voices were muffled from the sound of blood pounding in my ears.
Suddenly, the words of the man with the brown and green eyes rang in my head: “You have no home to go to.”
I stopped dead in my tracks as my gaze locked onto the sight of the orphanage burning to the ground. Police cars, firetrucks and ambulances were clustered in front of our home.
And then I saw her.
Being carried on a stretcher. A paramedic had just put a tarp over her, covering her face, but I saw her. I saw Headmaster Wilbeck.
I ran, leaving behind Nico and Cecilia. I evaded the policemen securing the perimeter and pushed aside the paramedics.
People shouted around me but I couldn’t hear what they were saying. All I could hear was my blood pounding in my ears.
I tore off the tarp covering Headmaster Wilbeck.
Blood—too much of it. Her eyes were closed.
Why are they closed?
I shook her. She needed to wake up.
Nico, Cecilia and I were attacked by bad people but we got away. Everything was supposed to be okay now.
I shook her too hard. Her arm fell limply off the edge of the stretcher. Her eyes were still closed.
The man’s words sounded in my head once more like a hot iron rod against my skull. “You have nowhere to go.”
ARTHUR LEYWIN
“Arthur!”
My eyes shot open as tears continued to stream down my face.
Everything was still blurry but I could tell I was in my room now inside the castle. My breathing was still short and erratic as my left hand gripped onto something soft and warm.
“Arthur,” the familiar, soothing voice called out to me again.
I turned my head, blinking away the tears still forming in my eyes.
Next to me, holding my hand, was Tessia. Her eyes were red and there were tears welling up in her eyes as well.
“Tessia?” My voice came out dry and raspy. “Why are you crying?”
“Dummy.” She choked back a laugh, smiling as her tears rolled down her cheek. “I could ask you the same thing.”





Chapter 162
Chapter 162: Intermission
My gaze remained on Tess. She was smiling—laughing, even—from relief and embarrassment as she wiped away her tears.
This was my first time seeing my childhood friend after the ceremony where I was given the title of a lance, but it had been even longer since the last time we had spoken.
Since then, the elven princess had changed. There was a faint scar just along her hairline above her right ear that would’ve gone unnoticed had she not tied up her hair. Scars from battles were visible all over her arms while her left forearm had a fresh bandage wrapped around it.
“You’re hurt,” I noted, gently tracing the line of blood seeping through her bandage with my fingers.
Noticing my sullen expression, she grabbed onto my scarred hand tenderly with both hands. “Oh please, I have more injuries from attempting to cook than from actually fighting.”
I let out a wry chuckle at the thought. I didn’t pull away from her grasp. Despite the callouses on her palms and fingers, her hand felt soft and warm compared to mine.
Tessia continued to voice her concern, shaking her head. “Do you have any idea how scared I was when I heard the news from my captain?”
“Your captain? Does that mean you were promoted to a head?” I asked, staring at the stunned expression on the princess.
“You’re unbelievable. Your thoughts immediately go to whether I got promoted to a head? You almost died, Arthur!”
“I’m just glad you’re doing well,” I replied with a grin.
Tess let out a sigh, leaning her head on my arm. “I don’t even have the strength to argue with you.”
I let out a chuckle, squeezing Tess’s hand. Time seemed to slow down for a brief moment as the two of us stayed like this in silence.
“You took such careful measures to make sure everyone would be safe that I never even thought how dangerous this war would be for you.” Tess lifted her head, gazing upward at me with her brilliant turquoise eyes. “Seeing you like this in a bed full of injuries, it was a cold reminder that you’re only human and not some indestructible mage and warrior.
I chortled. “Is that how I look to you most of the time? Some indestructible figure?”
“With the emotional maturity of a toddler,” she finished with a wide grin.
“Is that any way to talk to a general?” I scolded, trying to keep a serious face as she struggled to do the same.
“My apologies, General Arthur,” she replied, laughter in her voice.
Suddenly, the door to my room burst open. Stumbling inside was Virion Eralith, the commander of the entire Dicathen military and his son Alduin Eralith, followed by his wife, my younger sister Eleanor, Sylvie, and a couple of guards. Behind them was Eleanor’s eight-foot-tall bear casually chewing on a slab of meat with disinterest in his eyes at the turn of events.

The room turned silent once more. Tessia’s parents and my own sister feigned ignorance of the situation, refusing to make eye contact with us. The guards awkwardly shuffled away while Virion coughed uncomfortably as he straightened out his robe.
The commander of Dicathen cleared his throat, his gaze wandering around the room as he tried to keep a dignified demeanor.
“Grandpa?” Tess exclaimed, dumbfounded.
“I see you haven’t spent much effort furnishing this room, Arthur,” he noted, still unable to look us in the eyes.
“You guys were eavesdropping?” Tess’s face was beet red while she raised an accusatory finger at her family.
Virion wagged a finger in denial. “Of course not, dear. We were simply overhearing the well-being of Arthur, a prized general that had been tragically—”
The commander was unable to finish his excuse as he dodged a book Tess had picked up from the nightstand and thrown at him.
I let out a chuckle, sitting up on my bed as my gaze fixed on my sister awkwardly holding onto my bond.
‘Your sister has been patiently waiting for you to wake up,’ Sylvie informed.
It hadn’t been that long since I had last seen my sister, yet it felt like only now that I noticed how big she’d gotten. I couldn’t call her my baby sister anymore.
“Come here, Ellie,” I said gently.
My little sister’s lower lip trembled as tears began flooding down her face. Letting go of my bond, she bolted into my arms, nearly knocking the wind out of me.
“I was so worried!” she said angrily, her voice breaking down into sobs. “What would’ve happened if you had died?!”
“I’m okay, El,” I coaxed as her face remained buried in my chest. I reached up to stroke my sister’s brown hair when I noticed that the injuries I had gotten from the witch-like retainer were still there. My expression darkened at the sight of the ugly red scar that spread all over my left hand up to my wrist as if the skin had been burned off. The injury had diminished greatly and appeared as if it were a few years old thanks to Sylvie’s vivum abilities, but my entire hand had turned a shade of sickly pink.
Boo, Ellie’s bond, regarded me with a suspicious eye as he gnawed on the bone of the meat, but allowed me to continue embracing his master.
Sylvie casually hopped onto my bed and curled up beside me. She didn’t say anything, but a wave of relief flooded from my bond.
After the initial chaos had subsided, Alduin and Merial had to depart due to problems with one of the elven cities up north. My sister remained a bundle of sniffles and hiccups for awhile as her emotions swayed from sorrow and guilt all the way to anger.
Rubbing the tears from her eyes, Ellie’s gaze landed on my scarred hand. “How could you let yourself get hurt like this?”
“Scars fade,” I said with a weak smile, hoping to dismiss her concerns.
Physical appearances had never been of great importance to me, but it was still a bit nerve-wracking to see how bad of a mark my injuries had left behind. Working up the courage, I carefully got out of bed, making sure my legs were able to carry me.

Standing up on my own two legs without the help of mana was a blessing that I had always taken for granted. I took slow and steady steps toward the mirror as everyone in the room watched with apprehension.
Taking a deep breath, I looked up to study my reflection and I was immediately able to see the toll the battle with the retainer had taken on my body. Even without taking off my robe, my gaze immediately landed on my neck. The same red scars that covered my hand and wrist had been branded across my throat.
Untying the band across my waist, I slipped out of my robe so I was only wearing my undergarment.

Wow, I’m a mess.
‘You could’ve been a lot worse off,’ Sylvie chimed, her usual curtness gone.
Scars of varying lengths were littered all over my toned body like chips and cracks on an ancient statue weathered by time and the forces of nature. More of the red scars were visible across my shoulder and part of my back. The scars that ran down my waist down to my knees were particularly gruesome—as if someone had torn apart me legs piece by piece and crudely stitched together.
“Consider it a godsend that you were even able to recover to the state you’re in now,” a clear voice sounded, rousing me from my thoughts.
Casting a sideways glance, I caught sight of the three-eyed asura, Aldir, stepping into my room.
“Master,” Tess greeted, getting up from her seat. My childhood friend’s cheeks were flushed as she awkwardly positioned herself away from me.
Realizing that it was probably my lack of clothing that made her uncomfortable, I slipped back into my robe before greeting the asura. “Aldir.”
“Arthur Leywin.” he nodded before dipping his head at Sylvie. “Lady Sylvie.”
“What you said just now. What did you mean?” I asked, taking a seat beside Virion on the leather couch.
Sitting down across from us next to Tess, he pointed his finger toward a ring on his left finger. “Do you remember the elixir pearl Windsom had given you a few years ago? The one you never used?”
After searching inside my dimension ring, I couldn’t find the gold-flecked pearl that I had saved in order to help me break into the white core stage. “What happened to it?”
“It’s what gave your body the strength to recover to the state you’re in now,” the asura let out a sigh, straightening out his deep lavender robe. “Even with a team of lessers specializing in medical mana arts as well as Lady Sylvie using her aether arts—albeit inexperienced—it still took the full effects of the powerful elixir to heal you.”
“I’m guessing you or Windsom aren’t allowed to give me another elixir, right?” I asked hopefully.
The three-eyed asura shook his head. “Since the war has started, we can’t risk the treaty being broken.”
“Damn,” I cursed, leaning my head back on the couch.
“Sorry to kick you while you’re down, but I thought you might still want this,” Virion chimed in, taking out Dawn’s Ballad from his dimension ring. “I was able to secure your sword from the retainer’s corpse.”

My heart sank as I was handed the once stunning sword. The translucent teal blade of Dawn’s Ballad had dulled while its tip had been melted away by the retainer’s corrosive abilities, throwing off the delicate balance of the sword.
Sheathing it in its scabbard I had been carrying inside my ring, I idly stared at the palm my right hand. Wren had embedded a gem he had refined himself called acclorite that was supposed to somehow turn into a special weapon.
Now would be a great time for a new weapon, I thought to my hand.
‘Arthur,’ Sylvie’s voice sounded. ‘I told Aldir some of the events that occurred but I think it’d be best if you went over it with him and Virion in detail.’
Right.
Slowly getting up from my seat, I walked over to my little sister who’d been silent the whole time. “Ellie. Can you wait for me outside while I talk over some stuff?”
Raising a skeptical brow, she replied, “Only if you promise not to leave without at least saying goodbye.”
Scratching my cheek, I let out a wry chuckle. “I promise.”
“Fine.” She got up from her seat and walked toward the door before looking back over her shoulder with a proud expression. “I wanted to show you what I’ve been working on.”
“Oh?” I raised a brow, thinking she was referring to a spell she had been practicing. “I can’t wait!”
After my sister closed the door behind her, the only ones left inside my room was the current commander of Dicathen, an asura, my bond, and Tessia.
“Let me catch you up on what happened since the battle with the retainer,” I began.
“Wait. Let’s call an official meeting with the rest of the Council,” Virion interrupted, getting up.
“No. I want this to be heard by your ears only. What you choose to do with this information is up to you.”
Tess raised a timid hand. “Should I leave?”
“It’s fine.” I shook my head. “Before I start though, I just want to know one thing.”
“And what would that be?” Aldir replied, taking note that my gaze was directed at him.
“Who has control over the Mica Earthborn and Alfred Warned, the two dwarven lances—you, or Rahdeas?”
The asura’s single purple eye that was open narrowed in thought as he continued staring at me. “I’m still currently in control over the two lances. Why do you ask?”
It took longer than I’d expected to debrief them of the events that followed after the battle with the retainer.
As expected, Virion and Tessia were dumbfounded by the evident betrayal from the dwarves. Aldir’s expression remained steadfast; if he was surprised, he did a perfect job concealing it.
Despite the initial surprise, however, Virion recovered quickly. “If the dwarves are really in alliance with the Alacryan army, then it’ll be much harder to prevent battles from reaching civilian cities. Were you able to discern whether it was just a separate faction of dwarves or if it was more large-scale than that?”
“I can’t say with certainty without getting some answers out of Rahdeas,” I said through gritted teeth, regretful of the circumstances implicating Elijah’s former guardian.
“The news of a scythe appearing is troubling,” Aldir added. “If she intends to wreak havoc with her retainer by her side as well as an entire division of troops, then this isn’t something one or two lances can take on even with an army backing them.”
“Which is why I need to know where the allegiance of two dwarven lances lie,” I replied. “A large-scale battle is nearing and I don’t want any unforeseen obstacles.”





Chapter 163
Chapter 163: From Lance To Brother
Leaving Sylvie in my room to rest, I ventured through the brightly-lit halls of the castle. Looking down at my feet as I made careful steps, it was the first time I had noticed the vibrant patterns of the thick carpet in the upper residential halls. It was a funny thing to note; I’d always been in such a rush and always had a goal that I never even looked down to enjoy the subtle pleasantries around me.
It didn’t take long for me to find Ellie. She was sitting by a large window, gazing outside the sea of clouds while idly combing her fingers through her bond’s thick fur. Boo opened an eye, sensing my presence, but went back to his nap after seeing that it was me.
“May I join you?” I asked.
“You don’t need to ask,” she smiled weakly, taking a glance back at me before gazing out at the blue sky once more.
I sat down next to her on the ground, admiring the rolling clouds’ twinkle and shine from the rays of sunlight above. I could see the tip of a mountain in the distance, but besides that, only an endless expanse of white and blue.
“Do you miss them?” Ellie spoke in a soft voice. “Mom and Dad.”
“Not much as I should,” I admitted. “I worry for them—I know they’re safe out there, but so many things have been going on.”
There was a moment of silence as my sister simply continued petting her bond.
“You know, there are a lot of adults and kids that come up to me saying how lucky and fortunate I am to have a brother like you. The ones that aren’t jealous of me are jealous of you—that you’re a lance, that you’re so talented in magic and fighting, and that you have the recognition of all of this continent’s leaders. You know, some even say that you might become one of the next leaders when you get older.” My sister let out a scoff. “But it’s funny. I never told you this, but there was a time when I hated you. I felt like it was because of you that my life was like this now. I blamed you for Mom and Dad feeling like they needed to help out in the war too, and I blamed you for my not being able to have a regular life in school with classrooms and a bunch of friends.”
My sister was looking away from me as she turned her body toward Boo, but I could see the hand petting her bond trembling while her shoulders quivered. “Ellie...”
“But the funny thing is, I don’t blame you anymore. How can I blame you when your life was worse than mine? Most of the memories I have of you were you coming in and out of the house full of injuries, with unbelievable stories of how you faced this monster or that monster. It was really fun and amazing to hear back then—I thought you were so cool and strong—but I feel like I know better now. The things you had to give up to get where you are today...”
My sister hurriedly wiped her eyes with her sleeves and turned back to me with red eyes and a wide, forced grin.
I reached out to her, but she grabbed my hand and shook it before getting up. “Whew! Now that I got that off of my chest, come on! I want to show you something.”
“What is all of this?” I asked as we reached the outdoor terrace of the castle.
My gaze swept through the dozens of wooden planks hanging from various tree branches. While there were arrows protruding out of the planks, more were on the ground and the tree trunks around them.
“What I’ve been working on!” my sister proclaimed proudly as her bond curled up on the ground beside her with an aloof yawn. Ellie was abnormally perky after our conversation by the window as if she was trying to forget about it.
Trying not to dwell too much on my sister’s inconsistent behavior, I watched as she picked up a peculiar-looking short bow propped up against a pillar and a stray arrow with its tip buried into the nearby grass.
Raising the flexible bow so that the nocked arrow was at eye level, she held her still trembling breath and took a moment to aim before letting go of the string.
The thin arrow whistled as it sliced through the air, curving ever-so-slightly around a plank and hitting a different wooden target behind it.
Genuinely impressed, I applauded my sister but she held up a hand and shook her head. “Now, watch this.”
Raising her bow once more, she mumbled a brief chant. The tip of her guiding finger that was holding onto the bow began emitting a soft glow and when my sister slowly pulled the string back, the mana took form into a thin glowing arrow.
I remained silent—half from focus, half from surprise—while Ellie fired the mana arrow at a nearby target plank. The arrow let out a soft hum rather than a sharp whistle as it hastily approached its target, but before it was able to reach the plank, the arrow dissipated.

Letting out a sigh, my sister’s shoulders sank. “I swear I was able to reach the target a couple days ago.”
“That was amazing!” I exclaimed.
“I failed though,” she replied, disappointed.
“You’re barely twelve, Ellie! Most kids your age can barely conjure a ball of mana let alone shoot it out that far away,” I said, my voice still laced with enthusiasm.
My sister was silent for a moment as she absentmindedly stared at her bow.
“Aren’t you glad that your dear brother is impressed after all of that practicing?” a voice chimed from behind.
I looked over my shoulder to see a rather odd duo walking out into the terrace: Emily Watsken and Helen Shard.
“Surprised, General?” Helen smirked, noticing my confusion.
While it was reasonable for Emily to be in and out of the castle since she was apprenticed under Gideon, seeing her with the leader of the Twin Horns and current head of a large platoon of soldiers made for a head-tilting moment.
However, with the peculiar bow in Ellie’s hand and her sudden adeptness in archery, I could only put two and two together.
“I won’t deny that,” I replied back with a smile.
“You look like you’ve been through a lot.” Emily noticed my injuries.
“Just about as any other soldier out there,” I shrugged.
After Ellie and I greeted the two friends, we talked around the round patio table. We discussed how my sister was struggling in mana manipulation despite awakening at an early age.
“You’re having a hard time?” I asked my sister. “Why didn’t you tell me? I could’ve helped.”
“You’re a general now, and even before then, you were always busy. I didn’t want to bother you with it. Besides, Mom and Dad were helping me before they had to leave.”
My sister tried to sound cheerful, but the faint sullen tone in her voice, along with our conversation earlier, made my chest ache.
“I stopped by one day to check up on her after finishing a dungeon tour and she asked me for help,” Helen chimed in, trying to lift the mood. “I’m not a conjurer so I couldn’t exactly help her, so I asked the artificer, Gideon, to run some tests on her. He pawned off what he called ‘a chore’ to Emily here, and that’s when we found out about her little gift.”
Eleanor let out a shy laugh as she rubbed her head. “I wouldn’t call it a gift.”
“What gift?” I demanded, my curiosity growing.
“I think it’ll be easier for you to just show your impatient brother, Ellie,” Helen chuckled.
“Okay,” she agreed. Raising her hand, she concentrated on the center of her palm when a faint orb of mana manifested. While there were no attributes, the pure orb of mana began slowly changing shape until its once spherical shape turned into a seven-pointed star.
“You see, after I assessed Eleanor,” Emily stressed her participation as she leaned forward, “I realized that she had a real knack for molding mana into detailed shapes. Normally, whether you can make a fire ball into a fire cube doesn’t really matter, but if you’re able to conjure the exact shape of an arrow along with a particular arrowhead, then you can potentially have an infinite arsenal of arrows that enemies won’t be able to predict.”
“Well, coming up with the arrow solution was my idea,” the leader of the Twin Horns added.

“All right, stop bickering,” I cut in.
My sister let out a giggle. “They’ve both been a great help! Helen has been really strict but helpful in teaching me archery and Emily made me this bow as a training tool.”
“That’s me being easy on you,” Helen replied with a smirk. She turned to me. “I’ve been in and out of the castle, so she’s been learning on her own but her growth is actually quite scary. It’s like these gifts run in the Leywin family.”

Clearing her throat to get our attention, the freckled artificer adjusted her glasses, then explained the mechanism for the bow she had customized specifically for my sister. “The bow is still in the testing phase, and it requires a certain amount of finesse but like Helen said, your sister catches on frighteningly fast.”
“I still have a long way to go,” Ellie rebutted.
Looking carefully now, I noticed the callouses and fresh blisters on her fingers and palms—proof of her effort.
“Thank you—both of you—for helping my sister like this.” I turned to my little sister, tousling her hair. “And I’m sorry I haven’t been there for you.”
“Like I said, I don’t blame you. You’re just doing what you have to.” She shrugged. “Besides, Helen told me that Mom and Dad are far away from battles so I’m not too worried about them, but I’m just thankful when you come back in one piece.”
My heart lurched once more in guilt, and I understood why she said she had blamed me for our parents participating in the war. That’s why they left—they didn’t want to just sit safely and wait while praying that they wouldn’t hear news of my death.
“I’m sorry for always worrying you,” I said softly, unable to do anything else but apologize.
Ellie’s gaze laid fixed on the scars around my throat but she said nothing, and in some ways, that pained me even more.
My little sister had indeed grown up much faster than I wanted her to. The childlike innocence and selfishness she once had were gone.
“What are you doing here back in the castle so soon anyway, Helen?” my sister changed the subject.
“Ah, right! The heads and above got called into the castle for a big celebration tonight,” she answered. “The actual reason for the event was supposed to be a secret but it was already leaked—apparently a retainer had been defeated!”
“Really?” Emily’s eyes lit up. “Do you think it was a lance?”
“Nothing’s confirmed, but that’s probably the most likely! All I know is that Commander Virion himself took a small crew to retrieve the body,” Helen answered.
“Things are looking up then!” My sister perked up. “I’m glad.”
Shifting glances from Helen to Emily then to my sister and back, I thought for a second that they were teasing me, but after a few minutes of just listening to them, I realized that they were seriously just gossiping. Do they really not know who killed the retainer?
However, thinking back, I had arrived in the castle several days after the retainer’s body had been retrieved. There were a team of medics waiting for my arrival, but now I doubted whether they had even been told the reason for my injuries.
“Wait, so a celebration is happening tonight?” I asked, veering the conversation back to its original path.
“Yeah, isn’t that why you’re back at the castle too?” Helen replied with a raised brow.
My sister answered in my stead. “My brother had to come back because he got hurt.”
“What? How? Where? Are you okay?” Emily bombarded.

“I was just careless. It’s no big deal.” I was tempted to tell them the truth, especially my sister, but I assumed Virion had a reason for keeping all of this a secret.
“It was a big deal!” My sister pinched my side. “You were out for more than a day and even then, you still have those scars.”
Wincing as she twisted my skin even further, I apologized once more to my sister, assuring her that I wouldn’t make the same ‘mistake’ again. The topic of the conversation changed, but for the rest of our little gathering during the afternoon, Helen regarded me with doubtful eyes.
Coming back into my room, I was greeted by my bond. ‘How was spending time with your sister?’
“Ellie’s all grown up now,” I sighed.
‘You make that sound like a bad thing,’ Sylvie replied.
“Wisdom and maturity stemmed from enduring hard circumstances is a painful thing to see as a big brother. But I was able to at least catch up with her and learn a bit more about what’s happening in her life. Did you know she’s learning archery from Helen? She and Emily even came up with this new practice of combining conjuring with archery for Ellie!”
Sylvie let out tiny puffs of air from her nostril, and it was only after a second that I realized she was laughing. ‘I haven’t seen you this excited in a while.’
“That’s not true,” I rebutted.
‘Oh?’ Sylvie raised her head, looking up at me from the bed. ‘Tell that to your grinning lips.’
“Shush,” I dismissed. Despite my sister’s heavy words, it was enjoyable spending time with her. “How are you feeling?”
‘Sluggish, heavy, sleepy and weak,’ she sent, curling back up into a ball. ‘It’s like being a hatchling all over again.’
“Well, there’s supposedly this big event happening later tonight. Do you feel up for it?” I asked.
‘I’ll pass,’ she replied, her voice becoming listless. ‘Save me some food though.’
Taking a seat on the couch, I let out a chuckle. “I’ll have the maids bring some up.”
‘Make sure it’s meat.’
“Go to sleep.”
With the soft hum of Sylvie making the otherwise cold and silent room a bit homier, I took some time to sort out my thoughts. Reaching into my dimension ring, I pulled out Dawn’s Ballad, placing it gently on the tea table in front of me.
I couldn’t help but let another sigh escape my lips as I looked at the poor state of my weapon. This sword had been by my side for nearly five years. Without the need to polish, sharpen or even clean the blade while being able to withstand just about anything, Dawn’s Ballad was truly a valuable asset.
Studying the sword, I assessed that—even when damaged—it was better than any other sword I’d be likely to come across.
I had no idea if and when the weapon that the quirky asura, Wren, implanted on me would manifest so it’d be reckless to rely on having it during this upcoming battle.
My thoughts then shifted to my recent journey to Darv. I needed to make sure whether or not Rahdeas was the leader of this treason, and if so, what I should do. Even if Eljiah’s foster parent wasn’t in control of the two dwarven lances, according to Alduin and Merial, he still held a large amount of support from the overall dwarven citizens. Along with the fact that the dwarves’ overall dissatisfaction of the Glayder family and humans ran deep, killing him would mean a mass uprising from the dwarves.
I couldn’t tell how much time had passed, but by how dim the room had turned, it wouldn’t be long until the event.
“Arthur? You’re in there, right? I’m coming in!” With a loud bang, the door to my room burst open and a crowd of maids and guards filed in with Virion at the back.
I had no time to prepare, or even react, as the guards pushed aside the furniture inside to make room in the center while a horde of maids began undressing me.
What disturbed me more, though, was how accustomed I was to being thrown into situations like this. Shall I call this the Virion Effect?
Virion stepped up, already elegantly dressed in a black robe with silver trimmings that accentuated his silver hair tied neatly behind him. “Now, you’re probably surprised by—”
“—Nope,” I cut in. “What is it that you’re planning this time, old man?”
A few maids gasped at my crude response, but Virion just waved for them to continue. “I see that barging into your room and abruptly having a team of maids strip you naked doesn’t put you in the most amiable mood. No offense taken. I’ve taken the liberty of arranging this event as a sort of trap—harmless—for our dear Rahdeas, and you, my soon-to-be-grandson, have the lead role.”





Chapter 164
Chapter 164: Old Face
TESSIA ERALITH
The figure standing in front of me, head tilted ever-so-slightly in scrutiny, wore a lavishly decorated dress of shimmering black. The silky fabric came up just above the base of the neck, with subtle frills adding a girlish touch. The sleeves covered the length of the arm with the same delicate frills at the ends, while the dress fell on the shorter side—coming up just short of my knees.
Locks of gunmetal hair flowed down on one side in perfectly organized twirls that contrasted starkly against the dark color of her attire.
After wearing armor and being covered in grime for that past months, I couldn’t believe that the person standing in front of the mirror was me.
“You look beautiful.” My mother shifted glances between me and my reflection with a warm smile on her face. Looking at her sitting properly in a chair beside me, however, I couldn’t help but lose confidence even in my new dress.
While I knew she was much younger than my father, my mother should still be past her prime. Yet her bright silver hair was still lush, her blue eyes still radiant, and her skin still youthfully supple. She and my father had already finished preparing for the event, and unlike my dark gown, my mother wore a beautiful dusty rose dress that flowed gently, emphasizing her slim waist and wide hips while still maintaining a reserved elegance.
I studied myself, turning left and right so I could see every angle while a team of maids nodded with reserved content. “I’m not so sure about this. The dress is a bit bleak, isn’t it? Maybe I should wear something a little brighter?”
“I think the black makes you look mature,” she answered. “What do you girls think?”
“I agree,” the head maid quickly replied. “This was made by a famous silk weaver in Kalberk City, who designed it specifically for you, Lady Tessia. The lacing and frills add a very cute touch while the overall shape and color of the dress gives off a very—excuse my language—sensual semblance.”
“Sensual?” I pondered, twisting left and right once more.
“Laylack, the designer, believes that the clothing itself shouldn’t be beautiful. Rather, the clothing should bring out and accentuate the beauty of the wearer,” a younger maid added. “I think this dress does a fine job of that. If I didn’t know any better, I’d think that your hair and eyes were actually glowing in contrast to the dress.”
“Oh please. You girls said the same thing to me when I first wore my armor! I can’t trust any of you,” I argued, unable to hide the smile from creeping up on my pouting face. A wave of laughter filled the room as the maids hurriedly completed the finishing touches.
Stepping out of my room, I spotted Stannard, Darvus, and Caria chatting with one another.
“Your Majesty,” the three stiffened at the sight of my mother before greeting her in unison.
“Mr. Berwick, Mr. Clarell, and Ms. Rede,” my mother responded with a soft smile before turning her head toward me. “Tessia, I’ll see you up there. I have matters to attend to with your father and the other Council members.”
As the event was being held in the uppermost floor of the castle, my mother was escorted toward the stairwell as we remained in the hallway with a couple of castle guards.
My three friends and team members silently waited for my mother and her maids to leave before turning back to me with cheeky grins.
“Lookin’ good there, Princess.” Darvus, dressed in a sleek black suit, nudged me with his elbow as we made our way to the stairs. His usually unruly mane was slicked back with oil while the structured frame of the suit did a nice job of toning down his burly frame.
“You’re being gross, Darvus,” Caria sighed as she turned to me. “But he’s not lying. You look gorgeous.”
It was obvious my petite friend had put in a lot of effort for the occasion, and it paid off. Complementing her cute appearance and curly bobbed hair was a fluttery green dress that came down to her mid-thigh, a length that’d be frowned upon by the older generation if she wasn’t wearing tights underneath.
“Thanks, but I didn’t realize how uncomfortable I’d be in this getup.”
“At least you look good in your getup,” Stannard complained from behind. “I look like some ornamental bird with this getup.”
The rest of us laughed as Standard fluttered his bright blue robe like they were wings. Rather than wearing a fitted suit like Darvus, Stannard chose to wear a more luxurious conjurer’s robe, which looked to be more decorative than functional.
“Anyway,” I turned back to Caria, who was walking beside me. “You look rather charming yourself. Are you trying to snag up one of the noble boys at the event?”
Caria’s face immediately reddened but she tried to look calm as she answered. “P-Please! Most of the younger nobles attending are probably their family heirs, which means one thing: they’re super pretentious! Seriously, hiding safely to protect their lineage while sipping on wine.”
“My oldest brother happens to be one those heirs you speak of,” Darvus replied. “And you happen to be absolutely spot on about him.”
“Then maybe help Stannard find a nice lady to settle down with after the war is over,” I added.

“Yes, please,” he nodded fervently. “I’d like that very much.”
“Hey! Why don’t you help me?” Darvus complained.
“Shush!” Caria reached over and smacked her childhood friend’s arm. “Why would the princess of Elenoir introduce people to such a crass lump of muscle?”
“Excuse me?” Darvus clutched his heart as if he’d been stabbed. “After I so kindly invited the two of you... this is the thanks I get?”
“Tessia would’ve invited us even if you hadn’t,” Stannard retorted.
“Regardless! I’m just going to use the opportunity to listen to the big announcement and eat some good food,” Caria said.
“I’m also curious as to what the announcement is going to be,” I said.
“Your grandfather didn’t even tell you? Must be big,” Darvus said with brows raised.
By the time we reached the stairwell, the traffic had reached a standstill due to the sheer volume of people trying to get up, but amidst our pointless banter and talk of recent missions, time moved rather quickly.
Unlike some of the past events held by the Council, this one was open to nobles outside of the castle as well, so the large spiraling stairway was packed with nobles, unaccustomed to being crammed in such tight quarters, loudly voicing their complaints. Some used the opportunity to casually brag to their peers about the large expanse of land and wealth their families had in a not-so-casual volume, hoping to impress potential suitors nearby. While I felt some glances come my way, few nobles had the audacity to try and approach me. Those that did were easily scared away by my guards.
It was apparent how uncomfortable Caria and Stannard were being in the middle of so many nobles. While Caria had had some exposure since her family had served Darvus’ family for generations, Stannard came from a more humble background.
“I’m tired already,” Stannard mumbled as he was pushed and pulled by the crowd.
“You think it’s bad here, imagine how packed it is in the lower floors closer to the teleportation gate,” Darvus consoled.
Caria agreed. “Yeah, I heard there are a lot of nobles coming from outside of the castle since this is the first time since the war began that the castle has been open to more than just the residents.”
Inching slowly toward the top floor, I couldn’t help but glance around every now and then, hoping to maybe spot Arthur. Chances were that he was either still resting or he’d come later on, but my eyes seemed to subconsciously search for a head of long auburn hair.
As if reading my mind, Caria asked, “By the way, where’s your handsome lover?”
“He’s not my lover!” I said a bit too loudly, turning heads around us. “And he got injured recently so I think he’s resting... probably.”
“Mister Lance got hurt?” Darvus gasped mockingly. “I guess he’s not as strong as they say he is.”
“Yet you got your ass handed to you,” Stannard chimed innocently.
“Shut up!” my burly friend retorted before glaring back at Caria. “And he’s not that handsome. With his long hair, I bet people mistake him for a girl.”
“Aww, is someone jealous?” Caria grinned. “I’ve heard that after Arthur’s little appearance at the dungeon, there were quite a few girls smitten by him.”
“Looks like our princess has to now fend off competition on top of Alacryans and mutant mana beasts,” Stannard chuckled.
“You guys know I can demote all of you now, right?” I threatened.
After half an hour of inching up the stairwell, we finally reached the top floor of the castle. Looking up, I—along with everyone else that had just come out of the stairwell—let out a gasp in amazement. Just like the terrace on the residential floor, the top of the castle was enveloped in a transparent dome-shaped barrier so that the entire venue appeared to be taking place outdoors.
The sun was just beginning to set so the entire castle was surrounded by an endless expanse of a serene magenta and burning orange. Orbs of light floated above us inside the dome-shaped barrier, casting gentle glows. With hundreds of nobles from elves to humans to dwarves, all dressed meticulously, and an orchestra playing a variety of flutes and stringed instruments to fill the gaps in conversations, stepping up to the top floor felt as if I’d been transported into a mesmerizing fairyland.
Darvus let out a long whistle in appreciation while Stannard’s gaze darted from one place to another in wonder.
“It’s beautiful,” Caria sighed.
“Ugh, I spotted my family,” Darvus groaned. “Caria, come on. Let’s greet them now and get it over with.”
As Caria was unwillingly pulled away by her childhood friend, I spotted Emily, dressed in a bright yellow dress that appeared to have some smudges and stains on it, pouring herself a drink near the empty stage. The apprentice artificer looked unbothered by the looks of disdain an disgust from the nobles nearby as she casually finished her drink in a single gulp.
“Emily!” Stannard shouted before I had the chance to call out to her.
“Ah! Little Stannard! Princess!” Emily greeted, waving her empty glass.

I broke down into a fit of laughter at the sight of her, with no regard or care for outward appearance, running awkwardly as she held up her dress.
Emily was breathing heavily by the time she reached us. “Finally, people I know!”
“I didn’t expect to see you here,” I said after greeting my friend with a hug.

“Who do you think was responsible for setting up all of these lighting artifacts?” she rolled her eyes.
“You did all of this?” Stannard exclaimed.
“Well it certainly wasn’t my carefree and lazy master,” she mumbled sourly.
“Is that how you got those stains?” I giggled.
Emily looked down and gasped. “Oh no! I didn’t even notice these! Must’ve been when I was filling in more of the mana-conducting fluid.”
“Hey, Emily. Isn’t that your master over there?” Stannard pointed near the tables where, lo and behold, the master artificer Gideon was alternating between biting into a fowl leg and sipping on a glass of wine.
“Damn old coot,” Emily muttered before stomping after him. “Master Gideon!”
The old artificer choked on the fowl leg he had been consuming at Emily’s loud outcry while the two of us followed after her with our heads down in embarrassment.
“You old bat! After pushing aside all of the work saying you were ‘feeling unwell’, you show up here to drink and eat?” Emily huffed, snatching away the fowl leg Gideon was trying to take another bite of.
“Must you raise your voice so much, dear apprentice? I’m standing right in front of you,” Gideon grumbled, taking a sip from his glass before acknowledging our existence. “Princess Tessia, Stannard... glad to see you two are still alive. That’s always a good thing.”
“It’s been a while.” I greeted back while Stannard bowed respectfully.
Emily let out a defeated sigh as she handed back her master’s food. “You usually don’t care for these sorts of events. What brings you here besides the free food and liquor?”
“I was given a rather interesting task by your grandfather”—he looked at me—“so I’m just killing time until then. Plus, I get to see the one person that I dare say is smarter than me in this entire continent.”
“There’s someone smarter than you, Master Gideon?” Stannard asked, genuinely surprised.
Meanwhile, Emily leaned in, eyes glowing with curiosity. “What’s this task?”
“The princess’ lover boy, Arthur,” Gideon sighed in wonder. “Boy, what I’d give to be able to extract all of the secrets out of that boy’s head.”
“What. Is. The. Task.” Emily pinched her master’s arm.
“It’s. A. Secret.” Gideon mocked back, slapping her away before rubbing his arm.
The eccentric old artificer followed after a butler holding a plate of finger foods, while Emily chased after her master to try and get more information.
So you are going to be here. A faint smile escaped my lips.
“How is that possible?” Stannard muttered to himself. “There’s no way Arthur can be smarter than Master Gideon.”
“If I hadn’t known Arthur since we were both children, I probably wouldn’t believe Gideon either,” I consoled.
As I began following after Emily and her mentor, my gaze drifted toward a gathering crowd by the top of the stairwell where we had first come.
I recognized the head sticking out of the crowd. With his black hair still split down the middle and sharp eyes softened by his thick glasses, it was undeniably the guild hall manager of Xyrus.
“Tessia?” my blond-haired friend called out, snapping me out of my daze.
“Y-Yes? What is it?”

“I just asked you if you wanted to try and look for Darvus and Caria.” His pale blue eyes shifted between me and where I had been staring.
“You go on ahead,” I said, already walking toward the small crowd. “I’ll meet up with you guys later.”
Pushing aside the people gathered, I headed toward the familiar man when my eyes caught sight of the girl my age he and several guards were protecting from the crowd.
“Claire!” I blurted.
The former leader of the disciplinary committee, the one whose state and whereabouts had been kept hidden by the Bladeheart family, was standing in the center where the nobles had gathered.
“Princess Tessia,” Kaspian Bladeheart, Claire’s uncle, greeted.
“It’s been a while,” I acknowledged.
“Uncle, it’s a bit stifling here. Let me get some fresh air with Princess Tessia,” Claire said.
The usually expressionless guild hall manager’s brows furrowed in concern. “But—”
“It’ll be fine.” She gave her uncle a soft smile before pulling me through the crowd.
I remained silent as we made our way to the edge of the roof of the castle, where a small set of stairs led down to a deck overlooking the sky.
Neither of us talked while we leaned against the railing. The medley of noises surrounding the big event were muffled by the whistling of wind against the barrier surrounding us.
“You look great,” I finally said.
I wasn’t lying. Claire was an upperclassman that I, along with many other students, had looked up to at school—always bright and never afraid to take challenges head on. Seeing her today, dressed in an ivory dress with a thin shawl draped over her shoulders, I felt a gentle and calm air had replaced her normally lively and spirited aura. It wasn’t just that, though. I couldn’t quite place my finger on it, but something felt different about her.
“I appreciate it.” She let out a soft chuckle as she smiled faintly. “And I think you’ve probably heard enough how beautiful you look tonight.”
“Mostly by friends and family,” I chuckled back. “Their words are more obligatory than anything else.”
Claire smiled back in amusement but it was quiet between us once again as I swallowed down the questions I, along with so many of the nobles gathered around, wanted to ask.
“I heard that you’re leading a team out on the field,” she said.
“Yes. Although it’s been fairly recent.”
“I’m jealous,” she continued. “You must’ve gotten a lot stronger.”
“Oh no, I still have a lot to learn,” I replied. “I’ve yet to control my beast will completely and my long-range conjuring is a mess since I’ve been focused on getting better with my sword.”
“I see,” she nodded.
“I don’t think I’ve ever told you this, but the Bladeheart techniques played a big part in shaping my swordplay,” I continued. “Speaking of which...”
Noticing my hesitation, she shook her head. “I still practice with the sword every now and then but not nearly as much as before.”
“Are your injuries still...”
She shook her head. “My injuries from Xyrus are mostly healed.”
“That’s great!” I said a little too loudly. “Do you plan on taking part in the war then?”
“No,” she answered flatly.
“Oh.” I was surprised by Claire’s answer. She’d always had a strong sense of justice, which was a big part of why she was selected as the leader of the disciplinary committee. “Did your family not approve because of what happened at school?”
“It’s not that.” She gazed up at the stars surrounding us overhead.
“I don’t understand,” I pressed. “Just a few minutes ago, it seemed like you wanted to take part in the war. And if your family is okay with it and your injuries have gotten better—”
“—My physical injuries have gotten better,” she interrupted, leveling her gaze back at me.
She began removing the straps of her dress, catching me off guard. She turned around, so her back was to me, before lowering her dress to reveal the large scar on her lower back.
While she had other scars from past wounds, none of them compared to the large disfigurement just next to her spine. Lifting her dress, she turned back to me, her expression calloused. “But the one thing the emitters and medics couldn’t fix was my mana core.”
My hand came up to my mouth as I inadvertently let out a sharp gasp. I now realized what had been different about the former disciplinary committee leader. The thing that I couldn’t place my finger on. “Th-Then...”
She nodded, her face masked with an expression that told me she had accepted this long ago. “I can’t use magic anymore.”





Chapter 165
Chapter 165: Center of Attention
Despite spending a large portion of my life learning how to behave properly—what to say and how to say it in various situations—I was still unable to muster up the appropriate words to respond to Claire.
I could only see any sort of apology or consolation coming off as pitiful or insensitive; after all, how could I dare tell her ‘it’ll be okay’ after complaining about my lack of progress in the one part of her life she’d never be able to get back, let alone improve?
To my surprise, Claire breathed out a soft laugh.
“I’m sorry—it’s just your expression. If I didn’t know better, I would’ve thought you’d just swallowed a bug or something,” she explained, noticing my confusion. “Don’t worry. I’ve pretty much come to terms with it.”
“But still...” I muttered.
“It’s fine,” Claire dismissed, shaking her head. “I’ve already told my uncle this, but I plan on helping out where I can at the Bladeheart Sword Institution my family runs. I figured that training new soldiers could be my way of helping out in this war.”
I didn’t—couldn’t respond. She was the one who almost died and was now unable to practice magic, yet she was the one trying to lift the mood while I stood here, disheartened.
“Claire!” a clear voice suddenly boomed from behind.
The two of us gazed up to see the eldest son of the Glayder family and his sister at the top of the steps. Prince Curtis’s eyes were locked onto Claire, his sharp brows furrowed in concern and frustration. Princess Kathyln, wrapped in a shimmering white dress, though known for being expressionless, had red eyes lined with tears, her delicate pale hands clenched by her sides.
Before Claire could even say a word, the two of them rushed down and embraced their former leader.
“It’s nice seeing you both, too,” Claire puffed, struggling to breathe.
Prince Curtis released Claire, his expression still a mixture of worry and anger. “Do you know how worried all of us were? You being here means you’re okay, right?”
“What happened?” Kathyln added.
I took a seat and watched the three of them catch up. Claire told Curtis and Kathyln the same story she’d told me. Seeing their faces darken, I imagined that I must’ve looked very similar to them now.
Just like me, Curtis froze, unable to form a response after Claire revealed her inability to manipulate mana. However, to my surprise, Kathyln spoke up.
“You’re very strong,” she responded.
She lifted her watery gaze and locked eyes with her former leader. “I think that being able to overcome such a huge obstacle and move forward with a smile says much more about you than the color of a mana core ever will.”
Stunned at her powerful words. I shifted my gaze to see that Claire had stiffened from the princess’s response.
Tears began rolling down her cheeks. “Huh?”
Surprised at her state, Claire hurriedly wiped them away with her palms but the tears refused to stop. “Th-This is embarrassing. I can’t believe I’m crying now.”
My chest throbbed, watching her cry as Princess Kathyln embraced her once again. Curtis turned to me and dipped his head but otherwise, the two of them remained silent.

Claire’s sniffles soon turned to chuckles as she laughed at her own state. “Look at me. I was barely presentable before, and now I’m a teary, snotty mess!”
“Who are you trying to be presentable for?” I teased, eliciting a laugh out of the three of them. Like that, the ice had melted and I walked to them.
“Princess Tessia,” Curtis smiled as he nodded politely. “I apologize for not greeting you right away.”
“Princess Tessia,” Kathyln echoed, dipping her head.
“No problem.” I smiled back. “And we should be able to be a bit more comfortable with each other considering we were once schoolmates. Right, Curtis, Kathyln?”
“You’re right,” Curtis grinned. “And yes, it has been a while, Tessia.”
“It’s nice seeing you again,” Kathyln said with a smile so faint that I’d almost mistaken it for a twitch.
The three of us eventually settled around a patio table nearby. I wasn’t particularly close to them but all four of us had a mutual friend that helped us quickly bond: Arthur.
The three of them had much to say about my childhood friend and soon enough, we were sharing laughs about stories involving him.
“He always seems so put together and mature,” Claire chuckled. “And then I spot him doing weird things, like fighting over the meat on his plate with his bond at the cafeteria.”
“Tell me about it. I’ve known him for more than a decade and I still can’t always put my finger on what he’s thinking,” I sighed.
“What was Arthur like when he was younger?” Kathyln asked.
I had to think for a moment before answering. “I remember him being much colder. He kept his distance from everyone. Even during the times we laughed together and teased each other, there always seemed to be some restraint on his part. Of course, I had no clue back then, but looking back now, Arthur has come a long way as a decent person.”
“There’ve been moments when I was truly jealous of him though,” Curtis admitted, scratching his cheek in embarrassment.
“He’s certainly someone most guys would be jealous of when it comes to magic and fighting, but he’s rather lacking in other aspects,” I replied.
“And what aspects might that be?” Claire grinned deviously. “Is it perhaps knowing the female heart?”
“I didn’t have a specific aspect in mind!” I looked away, hoping the evening sky would mask my burning cheeks.
Claire turned her head to the quiet princess. “Your most fearsome rival in love can’t even admit to her feelings, Kathyln.”
“What? Rival in love?” Curtis exclaimed, turning to his sister as well. “Who? Arthur?”
The princess’s once pale face turned such a bright shade of red, I feared she might pass out. “N-No. I mean, it doesn’t matter. I think Arthur suits Princess Tessia much more.”
“That won’t do!” Claire continued to tease. “You can’t give up without a fight.”
Curtis jumped in, lecturing his sister about how she’s too young to date, while Kathyln denied all accusations made by Claire, taking quick peeks at me.
I smiled along, but I also took a long look at the princess sitting across from me. Large, dark eyes with long, thick lashes on a face so small you could cover it with one hand. Milky complexion and such a small, delicate body that even I wanted to protect. On top of the fact that she was an extremely gifted deviant conjurer, she had no flaws.
I wonder if Arthur prefers the cute, reserved type.

“Tessia?”
I snapped out of my daze at the sound of Curtis’s voice. “Ah, sorry. I was thinking of something else.”
“It’s okay. I was just curious where Arthur was. I haven’t seen him anywhere around here”

“I saw him this morning,” I answered. “He was still recovering so I didn’t think he’d make it to the event but it turns out he will.”
“Arthur got hurt?” Kathyln blurted, surprising her brother and Claire.
I nodded. “He’s okay now. Supposedly, it was a blunder on his part, but I feel like they’re not telling me everything.”
“Arthur isn’t the type to make a blunder during a fight,” Curtis noted. “I wonder what happened.”
Claire let out a deep breath. “You know... I really have come to terms with my injury, but if there’s one thing I regret, it’s being unable to fight by Arthur’s side during this war.”
“I’m curious as to what he’d be like too. If he’s anything like how he was during the incident at Xyrus, I know it’d be worth it,” Curtis said.
Memories of when the soldiers and I found Arthur atop the mountain of corpses still sent chills down my spine. It was a part of Arthur I wouldn’t mind not seeing ever again.
We continued our conversations until it had become apparent by the drastic increase in noise level that something was going on.
“I think it’s about time we went back to the main hall,” Claire suggested, getting up. The rest of us began following her up the steps when she suddenly came to a stop.
“What’s wrong?” I called out as she stood rigidly at the top of the stairs, but my concern had been answered by the time we reached her.
Donning an elegant set of armor composed only of a pauldron and greaves made of mithril was the Lance Zero, Varay Aurae. Traditions that dated back to when the receivers of these legendary artifacts operated in the shadows forced them to be regarded only by their aliases.
After these bestowees were made public as lances, these ‘code names’ were rarely used, but I always thought that they were kind of cool.
“Master.” Kathyln immediately bowed.
“General Varay,” I greeted.
“Good evening.” she nodded, switching her gaze from Kathyln to her brother and back to me. “I’m here to escort you three during the event. Of course, Miss Bladeheart is welcome to join.”
“Claire. Are you okay?” I asked, shaking her gently.
Taking a step back, she turned to me with a wry smile. “Y-Yeah, it’s just that since I can’t use mana anymore, General Varay’s aura—even suppressed—paralyzed me for a second. I’m fine now,” she hurriedly added, seeing the concerned expressions on all three of our faces.
We continued walking, but my thoughts shifted back to Claire and all of the things that she was now incapable of doing that we had all taken for granted.
“Even in a place like this, they stand out,” a voice murmured a few feet away, pulling me away from my thoughts.

“You really have to put them at a whole different standard,” another voice whispered, this time closer. “And here I thought the girls at Kalberk were pretty.”
“You’re into those prim and proper ladies?” his friend replied. “I’ve heard that the girls down at Blackbend are more ‘willing,’ if you know what I mean.”
His friend hid a snicker behind a gloved fist but immediately petrified when he realized my eyes were on him. I suppressed the urge to rebuke them; I probably would’ve done so in a volume that everyone could hear in the past, but this wasn’t anything new nor worth causing a scene over. Besides, my glare seemed enough to shut him up for now.
Needless to say, walking alongside General Varay with Curtis, Kathyln and the mysterious child of the Bladeheart family that had never been seen after the Xyrus incident until now, heads turned left and right. Looking around, I could see men of noble households nudging their companions, trying to be discreet the same way the girls tried to be discreet while they ogled Curtis.
I had to admit that, while he and Darvus wore very similar styles of clothing, the two couldn’t look more different. While Darvus—with his hair slicked back and attire ornamented with a bit too much gold—looked more like an overdressed thug than a noble, there was no doubt for anyone here that Curtis was royalty.
Walking through the hall filled with staring nobles, I was grateful to have General Varay by our side. Even the more bold nobles didn’t dare step in our direction with a lance beside us.
Claire leaned toward me. “How do you guys get used to getting this much attention? It’s absolutely nerve-wracking.”
I smiled and whispered back. “Just don’t trip over your own feet.”
“Great.” She looked down. “Now, I’m conscious of my own walking.”
Arriving near the front of the stage, I caught sight of my parents along with the rest of the Council seated against the wall when the entire hall suddenly darkened.
Gasps of surprise and mutters of confusion erupted. While I wasn’t able to enhance my vision like augmenters could, assimilating with the elderwood guardian had greatly improved my senses to the point where I could even see that the members of the Council were trading puzzled glances at one another.
The noise inside the hall slowly died down, as most had begun to assume that this was part of the event, until only the soft ruffling of clothes could be heard.
Footsteps echoed on top of the wooden stage, creating even more suspense amongst the guests until an illuminating artifact floating above the stage shined a pillar of light at the stage to reveal my grandfather.
“Thank you all for waiting!” his sharp voice rang with authority, evoking applause from the nobles, but I could only groan in embarrassment.
Everyone seemed to love the theatrics but I found them tacky. My grandfather, the person with highest authority in Dicathen during this war, had certainly dressed for the part. With a rich burgundy robe embellished with gold trimming and gleaming black jewels. Even his hair seemed to shimmer like pearls—most likely with the help of the lighting—as he stood straight with his hands folded behind him.
After the applause died down, my grandfather spoke. “First, let me apologize to everyone here. I know that little was said about the purpose of this event. This was done intentionally—not for security and certainly not for safety. No, this was done for the sake of surprising each and every person here today.”
Heads turned as nobles looked to one another in confusion, making sure that they had heard right.
“Yes, you all heard correctly,” he chuckled. “Some positive news in the form of a surprise is something we all need in these times of duress.”
Murmurs of agreement sounded from those around us.
“So... as I’ve kept you all waiting enough, allow me to present to you our first step toward victory in this war! We have come today to commend the one responsible for eradicating a central power of the enemy side—a retainer!” My grandfather stepped to the side as a whirring noise resounded from below. The stage split in half as gruesome figure clad in a tomb of ice was raised.
The nobles closest to the stage all took several steps back out of fear, some of the weaker ones even stumbling.
Falling into a stupor as I gazed at the Vritra, I felt someone tugging on my arm. Looking back, I saw Claire barely managing to stay standing as her face turned deadly white. “Claire?”
I hurriedly grabbed ahold of my friend, keeping her upright by her waist. “Do you want to go further back?”
“No.” She shook her head. “I need to be able to at least endure this much.”
It pained me to see someone I had once looked up to be so helpless, but I let her be and turned back toward the stage. For a being to be able to emanate such a noxious aura even after death, I could only imagine how strong it must’ve been.
When I first saw that the Vritra had been encased in ice, and to such a degree that I felt its chill from back here, my gaze unconsciously turned to General Varay, but she looked as stunned as everyone else in the room.
And her gaze wasn’t fixed on the disfigured monster.
I looked back to the stage to see another person coming from the back, hidden in the shadows behind the column of light shining down at the retainer encased in ice.
And while I should’ve come to expect something like this after all these years, I didn’t. Just like General Varay and everyone else in this hall, I was stunned as Arthur stepped into view for everyone to see.





Chapter 166
Chapter 166: Meaning
Everyone in the hall held their breath, silently waiting for Arthur to speak as he came into view.
He stood wordlessly and surveyed the outdoor gallery from atop the stage. Every person present seemed to ingrain the image of Arthur in their minds the moment he had reached the spotlight.
I had seen my childhood friend just hours before, so I was even more stunned by how different he looked compared to when I was with him then. His long auburn hair was tied loosely in a knot behind his head, held together by an ornamental pin. Rather than the usual formal attire of humans, he wore a silky decorative robe like us elves. However, unlike our traditional garb, the loose sleeves of his robe just barely went past his elbows, revealing thin tight-fitting gloves that covered his entire arms. Completing his refined ensemble of clothing was a rich fur pelt, as white as snow, slung over one shoulder.
It hadn’t been too long since he had appeared in front of the world, adorned in an extravagant armor that dazzled everyone who had come to watch. Yet, seeing him up there within the column of light in his elegant attire, he didn’t just seem dazzling. He radiated an otherworldliness that I had only felt when I saw Master Aldir.
Distracted by his transformation, I only realized when Arthur turned his head, peering deeply at the Vritra retainer encased in ice, that the red burns that had scarred his neck were no longer visible.
He turned back to face us before talking, his voice coming out low and steady. “Displaying a corpse as some sort of trophy or keepsake for the masses to gawk at is something I deeply disapprove of, but the people attending this event tonight aren’t part of the masses. Each noble here has workers, civilians and inhabitants in your lands that wait impatiently for news regarding this war, and until now, vague assumptions and baseless theories were the only things you could give them.”
Arthur paused, but the crowd remained quiet, faithfully waiting for him to speak again. “Born from a humble background, I was able to climb to where I am now thanks to my family as well as the friends I met along the way. I am now a lance, the youngest one at that, but I’m not the strongest. The lances out there, some who are fighting battles as we speak, are echelons above me in power, yet even I was able to defeat a retainer, one of the so-called ‘highest powers’ of the Alacryan army.”
As Arthur paused once more and excited murmurs began sounding from the crowd, I realized that these halts in his speech were intentional. He was a year younger than me, and with his background, he had been neither taught nor prepared for things like speeches or social intricacies, yet he was able to utilize every breath, word, break and motion to perfectly take control of the crowd.
“As you can see. I’ve sustained no injuries from my battle with this supposedly-powerful force and am healthy enough to chatter on like this amongst a crowd of nobles,” he smiled, eliciting chuckles from everyone around me.
Placing one of his gloved hands on the tomb of ice, he shifted his gaze to where the Council was seated. “This symbol is not only my offering to the Council who has granted me with this role, but also a gift that I hope you all can take home and spread to your people—figuratively, of course.”
Cheers and laughs erupted after Arthur bowed, signalling the end of his speech. The illuminating artifacts turned back on as Arthur left the stage and my grandfather came back up.
“Please feel free to get a closer look at the Vritra, and I hope you enjoy the rest of the evening.” With that, a few guards replaced my grandfather on stage as the Council came up first.
While they tried to hide their astonishment, It was obvious by their expressions that it really was their first time seeing the corpse as well. I watched as my parents as well as Curtis and Kathyln’s parents studied the frozen tomb. Only the dwarven elder named Rahdeas kept his distance, his expression subtly strained.
“Princess Tessia, would you like me to take you to the corpse?” General Varay asked, a rare hint of anticipation in her sharp eyes.
Not wanting to disappoint the lance, Curtis, Kathyln, Claire and I followed her toward the stage where more and more nobles began surrounding the frozen Vritra.
Reaching the front of the premises where the soldiers stood guard, I examined the corpse inside. It was hard for me to look at the Vritra for too long though. Physical attribute-wise, it—she—looked human, but staring at the two hollowed cavities where her eyes should’ve been filled me with a fear that couldn’t be blocked by mana.
Seeing Varay stare intently at all angles of the Vritra with her hands moving along the ice tomb as Claire studied the corpse wearily, I suddenly remembered.
“Claire.” I gently tugged on her sleeve. “Wait right here! Let me go get Arthur!”
“What? Tessia, no—”
Ignoring Claire, I quickly made my way to the back of the stage behind the curtains.
“This area is off”—a female guard stationed behind the stage retreated a few steps—“Princess Tessia?”
I smiled, quickly making up an excuse. “My grandfather is expecting me to meet with him.”
The guard shifted her gaze over toward the narrow staircase beside her. “General Arthur and Commander Virion had ordered no one to go down these stairs, even the rest of the Council,” she replied hesitantly.
“I know. They told me not to tell the Council that I’m here as well,” I lied. “Now please, both of them are expecting me.”
She thought once more for a moment but stepped aside with a nod, motioning for me to go down.

I didn’t thank her—that would’ve been suspicious. I just nodded back and headed down the staircase that was wide enough for only one person at a time.
The staircase seemed to spiral down endlessly. If it wasn’t for the slight nuances in each of the illuminating artifacts’ designs, I would’ve thought that there was some sort of illusory magic at work.
I quieted my steps with wind magic as I went deeper down the stairs. I knew what I was doing was wrong—even if it was just Arthur and my grandfather—but I was too curious to find out what these important matters were and why they needed to even keep them a secret from the Council.
Once I got close enough to hear faint voices muttering behind closed doors, I withdrew my magic before walking down a few more steps. Both Grandpa and Arthur were freakishly sensitive to mana fluctuations, so if I wanted to eavesdrop, I had to rely on just my hearing. Thankfully, because of my enhanced senses after my beast will’s assimilation, I was able to make out what they were saying, and from the sound of it, the artificer Gideon was there as well.
“Don’t push yourself, brat,” my grandfather grunted.
“I’m fine. I didn’t need to use magic so it’s just physical fatigue more than anything else,” Arthur replied, his voice sounding weak compared to how it sounded up on stage. “This paste around my neck is rather stifling though.”
“Best not touch it or the substance will wear off more quickly,” Gideon muttered. “You wouldn’t want your scars showing during the party.”
Arthur let out what I could barely make out as a sigh. “Right, I still have to go back out there.”
“Of course you do. You’re the star of the event,” Grandpa replied. “Your speech was convincing enough, though, so it might not be necessary for you to stay until the end.”
“Good. Gideon, how did the recording go?” Arthur asked.
“It was a hassle trying to capture the images at the exact moments you specified since there’s still a bit of a delay between the moment I press the trigger and when the shot is taken—hold on, let me take note of that so I can fix it.”
“Focus, Gideon,” Arthur snapped, his voice impatient.
“I know you just had your legs forcefully torn into a mess and barely put back together but that’s no excuse for being grumpy with me,” Gideon grumbled. “Anyway, I was able to capture the images of Rahdeas’ face when Virion first announced the Vritra, then when Arthur first came into view, and when Arthur said he had sustained no injuries,” Gideon noted.
“Here, let me see that,” my grandfather said. “What’s Rahdeas looking at in this picture?”
“Not what, who,” Arthur answered. “He’s looking at General Varay, who was in the crowd. I suggested to Tessia’s father that we have the lance look after the royal children.”
“So Rahdeas thought that General Varay was the one who killed the Vritra?” Gideon asked.
“Wait. Is that why you froze the retainer’s corpse? To get him to think that it was Varay?” My grandfather cut in, his voice sounding surprised.
“I wanted him to think that the strongest lance was responsible for killing one of the strongest forces in the Alacryan army before it was revealed that I killed him,” Arthur explained.
“You always have a few tricks up your sleeves, don’t you?” my grandfather chuckled.
“Look at Rahdeas face when he first saw the Vritra come up encased in ice. He’s surprised and looks immediately over toward Varay,” the artificer pointed out. “Then look at the image of him after Arthur comes into view and then when he announced how he, the weakest of the lances, had kicked the retainer’s ass without sustaining an injury.”
“There are shock and anger,” my grandfather noted. “Most would be surprised and progressively grow happier to learn that the supposed weakest is stronger than one of the Alacryan powerhouses.”
“This still doesn’t prove that Rahdeas is actively helping the Alacryans, but this does give us a good idea on his stance is on all of this,” Arthur added. “We’ll know for sure in the next battle when...”
Arthur’s voice trailed off. I couldn’t hear any of them anymore.
Lord Rahdeas is helping out the Alacryans?
I needed to hear more. Just what was Arthur planning in this next battle?
I inched down a few more steps to get closer but I still couldn’t hear them.
Damn it. I knew it was risky, but I decided to take the chance and hope that Arthur’s weakened state would allow me to use just a tiny bit of magic when a sudden surge of mana erupted from down below. I covered my face with my arms on instinct.

“So we had a little mouse.” My stomach sank as I realized Arthur’s voice was just inches away from me.
“Surprise,” I said weakly.

ARTHUR LEYWIN
I smirked back at my childhood friend as she mustered a smile. Virion, who followed behind me, let out a sigh as he realized it was his own granddaughter that had been eavesdropping.
“You know, boy’s don’t like girls who snoop around like this,” Gideon chuckled.
Tess’ gaze flickered to me before looking away. “I-I wasn’t snooping. I came back here to look for Arthur and the guard let me in rather easily.”
“Yes, I’m sure the guard did,” Virion replied before he cast a barrier around the four of us. “Now how much did you hear?”
“Enough,” she answered, her expression turning serious. “Is Lord Rahdeas really...”
“We’re not sure yet,” I cut in. “It’s too soon to assume or act on any of the information we’ve gathered so far.”
Her gaze fell, downcast. “I see.”
“Is there anything else we need to go over, Virion?” I looked back over my shoulder at the old elf.
“I think we’ve shaken up Rahdeas enough. Good work today, brat,” Virion responded with a nod.
I turned back to my friend. “Then would you like to accompany me for the rest of the event?”
She was taken aback at first but her lips curled up into a bright smile. “Sure!”
Going back up the stairs, we were greeted by lively music and laughter along with the frequent clink of glass.
“The mood sure turned festive,” I noted when Tessia causally linked her arm around mine.
“If I don’t do this, every nobleman within eyeshot will try to either ask me for a dance or a drink together,” she explained, looking the other way.
“Every nobleman, huh?” I stressed. “My meek childhood friend has sure turned confident.”
She tightened her grip around me, pinching my arm as she waved to nearby nobles that greeted her.
Unable to express my pain with so many eyes watching, I casually leaned toward her, prying her fingers off of my arm as I whispered, “Same old Tessia, resorting to violence, I see.”
“It’s because only violence seems to work on someone as slow as you, General, ” she replied with a feigned smile.
As we walked through the large open venue of the party, I was greeted left and right by nobles from cities far away and despite her childish antics, Tess was a big help throughout the night. She pointed out notable guests that I should greet and share a drink with and others who would be plenty satisfied with just a sincere greeting.
While I had experience in events like this in my former life, I knew very little of the politics involving the three kingdoms. Tess, on the other hand, knew exactly who was important and what sort of personalities they had. Subtly leading the conversation and keeping it brief while making sure not to offend them, Tess made my night much easier.
Perhaps the only downside to having her beside me was the occasional glare and pinching of skin whenever she caught me sending a smile back to nearby ladies that greeted me.

I guess courtesy should only be extended to the members of society outside of the potential dating range.
“Brother!” Ellie called out from the crowd.
Looking around, I caught sight of her excitedly waving her arm amidst a group of friends. Even from here I could see the glimmering bracelet embedded with the pink beast core of a phoenix wyrm I had gotten for both her and Mother. Waving back, I walked over to them when my sister unexpectedly wrapped her arms around my waist.
“Ellie?” I said, startled as Tess chuckled beside me.
“H-H-He really is your brother!” a pig-tailed girl in a puffy dress stammered as she tugged on Ellie’s sleeve.
“Girls, I’d like you all to meet my brother, and Princess Tessia,” she announced, puffing her chest as she linked her arms around my other arm.
“It’s an honor, General Arthur! Princess Tessia!” a curly-haired girl in a overly-embellished white dress greeted.
“You were so cool up there, General Arthur!” another girl exclaimed, inching closer to us. “Is it true that you got no injuries at all when you defeated the retainer?”
Looking at the sparkling gazes from the little girls, I suddenly felt embarrassed.
“Although he looks this pretty and fragile, he’s actually one of the strongest mages in all of Dicathen,” Tess answered for me.
“You’re so lucky to have him as your brother,” a small girl with bobbed hair and a cute frilly dress sighed. “My oldest brother wasn’t able to get into Xyrus so he’s going to some no name academy in Carn City while my father sent my second brother to fight in the war after causing trouble with another noble’s daughter.”
I watched silently as my sister resumed gossiping with her friends. It was relieving to see her laugh and smile as opposed to shedding tears over my injuries and our parents being far away.
Giving my sister another hug, Tess and I walked away from her group.
“It’s funny how my sister always finds the need to introduce me to everyone she knows,” I smiled. “Even on her seventh birthday party at the Helstea Manor, she told every one of her little friends.”
“She just wants to show off her older brother,” Tess giggled, lightly holding onto my arm. “Even girls her age love to gossip and brag about what they have, and for Ellie, her one and only brother is a great source of pride.”
“Well, I’m just glad she seems to be surrounded by girls.”
“I’m sure your sister is pretty popular with the boys,” Tessia teased.
I froze, glancing back at my sister and her friends, only to see a small group of noble boys approaching them.
Tess tugged on my arm. “Come now, don’t be overbearing.”
My eyes shifted toward the back of the venue, where a large brown bear was gnawing on a thick bone. Feeling my gaze, my sister’s bond stared at me with intelligent eyes. I jerked my head, pointing toward Ellie and her group.
Boo turned, and after noticing the group of boys, nodded once.
I nodded back.
He knew what had to be done.
“What are you doing?” Tess asked.
I turned back and continued walking just in time to hear a loud growl and the frightened screams of little boys behind me. “Nothing.”
After greeting a few more nobles, I slumped down on a chair. My legs were on the verge of shaking, but I was still pleased at how much they’d healed.
I looked up to see Tess searching for someone, stretching her neck as she tiptoed to see past the crowd.
“Wait here,” she blurted, immediately bolting off into the crowd. After some time, I spotted her walking back with General Varay beside her, a downcast look on her face.
“General,” I greeted, getting up from my seat.
“General,” she echoed tersely, her eyes examining me.
“I’m so sorry, Arthur,” Tess suddenly apologized. “General Varay said she left. She didn’t want to see you.”
“What are you talking about?” I replied. “Who didn’t want to see me?”
Tess let out a sigh. “Claire Bladeheart. She was here today.”





Chapter 167
Chapter 167: The Confidence To...
ARTHUR LEYWIN
“How many troops do you need?” King Blaine asked as we all looked down at the detailed map spread across the round table.
“Three—no—two divisions should suffice,” I answered.
“General Arthur. The western coast is where we need to be allocating most of our forces,” Rahdeas countered, placing his finger near Etistin and Telmore City. “Sending nearly twenty-thousand troops up north will make this area too vulnerable.”
“I have to agree with Elder Rahdeas,” King Alduin added. “There are several battles near the coast that have been going on for days. Withdrawing even a single division would tip the balance in their favor.”
Queen Priscilla, rolled the transmission scroll she’d been reading. “We are still evacuating civilians from both Telmore and Etistin. If forces on the coast are withdrawn, our troops will be pushed back and the battles will take place in the cities.”
“Commander, we can perhaps send some elven troops stationed near Asyphin City down toward the edge of the border, but two divisions seem feasible,” Queen Merial advised, brows knitted in concern.
Virion, seated in front of me, lifted his gaze to all the lances standing upright behind their respective artifact holders. “Generals? What do you think?”
“The brat—General Arthur’s vague suspicion based on loose evidence of what ‘he saw’ doesn’t justify sacrificing a city or two,” General Bairon near spat out.
“Bairon’s nasty tone aside, he makes a good point,” said Mica, the female dwarven lance that looked no older than my sister. “Moving that many troops a few hundred miles will take time, even with the help of teleportation gates.”
“General Aya? General Varay? General Olfred?” Virion asked. “Do you all agree?”
General Olfred, the oldest of the lances, nodded. “It is too much of a risk.”
“Sorry, General,” the elven lance whispered beside me before speaking up. “I also agree that it isn’t wise.”
We all looked to Varay, the only other lance that I wouldn’t be confident in defeating.
“If General Arthur’s claim is true, it’d be the right choice to send that many troops—if not more—up north,” the lance answered curtly.
It was surprising to have General Varay’s support, but it worked against me in this case. However, Virion took advantage of her words to bring along the idea that I really wanted to go with.
“General Varay is right in that, if what General Arthur claims is true, troops need to be sent. After all, there has only been one sighting of a retainer since the war started—if retainer and a scythe were leading this next attack, the damages would be catastrophic without appropriate measures.”
Everyone nodded in agreement.

“Therefore,” Virion paused, shifting his eyes from one lance to another, “I propose we send two lances along with General Arthur to investigate whether or not there really is going to be a major attack led by a retainer and a scythe up north.”
The rest of the council immediately glanced at one another, waiting for someone to come up with a reason against it.
“Commander.” King Blaine spoke up. “The lances are the center figures for the divisions out in battle right now. With them gone for too long, morale will decrease and if a retainer or scythe show up in battle—”
“King Glayder,” Virion interrupted, his sharp stare piercing through the human king. “Why do you think the lances have refrained from partaking in most of the battles so far?”
The red-haired king remained silent.
“It’s quite simple. It’s not worth it,” Virion continued. “Large-scale destructive spells cast by any of our lances would kill not just their army but our own as well. Even if we had everyone retreat, this is home ground. Land will be destroyed and uninhabitable. Even if the lances withheld their power and helped the soldiers out on the field with sword in hand, there will still be casualties and deaths on top of the risk of attracting the Alacryan’s retainers or scythes.
“Always keep in mind when fighting that our citizens have to live on this land. The goal is to win this war, but also to preserve as much of our cities as possible.” Virion’s authoritative gaze shifted from one king or queen to another, directing this lesson to everyone present in this room. “With that being said, if sending two lances is all it takes to avoid a large-scale battle with both scythes and retainers fighting on the other side, then I’d say it’s a small price to pay. Our troops can go a few days without their leaders holding their hands.”
Although expressions of reluctance were evident on the leaders’ faces, they slowly nodded in agreement.
Virion clasped his hands together with a smile. “Good, now which two lances will accompany Arthur on this investigation up north?”
A thin hand rose from across the table. “While Lord Aldir is the artifact holder for my two lances, since he is not here I think it’s safe to assume that I can volunteer to send them with Arthur.”
I resisted the urge to smile at the turn of events. Everything was going as I had planned.
Virion played it cool as well, appearing as though he was pondering Rahdeas’ decision.
“Indeed! Since Lord Aldir is not present, I think it’s only natural to have the dwarven lances under Elder Rahdeas’ command,” King Blaine seconded.
“The battles are occurring in Sapin so I agree that sending General Olfred and General Mica would be an ideal option,” Queen Merial added.
Virion slowly nodded, as if almost reluctant. “Very well, General Olfred and General Mica, temporarily under Elder Rahdeas’ command, shall head up north with General Arthur to investigate the possibility a retainer and scythe are planning an attack.”
Both the dwarven lances bowed respectfully as did I.
“This is a reconnaissance mission, but I leave the situation to your best judgement. Priority is to not alert enemies, especially if a retainer or scythe is present. If circumstances permit a realistic chance in averting a full-scale battle, you may engage. Remember, our priority is to keep the battle away from civilians,” Virion added. “Prepare to leave tomorrow, sunrise. Rest of the lances, dismissed.”
Walking through the dim hall outside of the meeting room, I let out a deep breath. I had always hated meetings like these, always tense and full of roundabout ways to say no or give a reason not to do something that’d hinder your own gains. While the Council appeared to be a unified front of leaders from all three races, deep-rooted ideals and selfishness toward their own kingdom were more apparent than anything else. King Glayder, who had been too afraid to act out since Aldir had threatened him after killing the Greysunders for their betrayal, had become more outspoken. Only with Virion there did the Council function even remotely well.
While Virion and I got the end result we had wanted, this was just the beginning. I scratched at my neck; Gideon’s concealing bandage made my skin itch profusely but I couldn’t take it off until I was alone. The trick to appear unharmed worked during the event a few hours ago, and I had somewhat enjoyed the rest of the evening but one thing weighed heavily on my mind. Claire had been at the party; she had seen me.
She had seen me, yet she didn’t want me to see her. I hadn’t seen her since Xyrus, and the last sight of her I remembered was her being impaled. I tried to think of reasons why she would avoid me, but the sound of footsteps behind me snapped me back to reality.
“Looks like we’ll be on a mission together!” a high voice sounded several paces behind.

“General Mica, General Olfred,” I greeted politely, turning to them.
“Just call me Mica,” the childish dwarf smiled while General Olfred simply nodded in acknowledgment.
“I’d prefer to keep formalities,” I gently refused. “You are my seniors as lances, after all.”

“At least the boy knows some manners despite his meager upbringing,” General Olfred said with a raised brow.
<i>Boy, we’re really going to get along. </i>
The only real impression I had of General Olfred was when I had first been taken to the floating castle after the incident at Xyrus Academy. He had saved me back then from Lucas’ brother, General Bairon. However, that was simply because he was following orders.
“Well, if you’ll excuse me. I should get some rest for the long journey tomorrow.” I dipped my head before turning back to the main staircase.
Walking up to the residential floors, I probed Sylvie’s mind to see whether she was awake. Seeing that my bond was deep in slumber, I took a small detour.
Reaching the room at the end of the hall, I knocked on the thick wooden door.
“Coming,” Tessia’ voice called out.
The door slid open without a single creak and on the other side was Tess. She was dressed in sleepwear but her hair still dripping with water.
“You’re la—Arthur?” Tess gasped. “What are you doing here?”
“Sorry,” I smiled. “Were you expecting someone?”
“Y-Yeah, Caria was supposed to come over. Arthur, what’s wrong?” she asked, noticing my blank gaze.
“Nothing. You just look different from when you were at the event.”
Tess wrapped a towel around her head as she scowled at me. “Wow! Thanks for pointing that out!”
Realizing my mistake, I quickly shook my head. “No, I meant that in a good way. You look more like the Tessia I spent three years with back then.”
“You need to work on your flattery skills,” she sighed. “Wait no, actually. Don’t work on them.”
I let out a chuckle. “Do you want to take a little walk with me?”
After putting on a thin robe over her sleepwear, she followed me down the hall toward the balcony where my sister had set up her target planks. Neither of us talked on the way there as we stood side by side. Unlike at the event, our arms weren’t linked but it somehow felt more intimate.

We reached the grassy terrace surrounded by trees but continued walking until we were at the very edge. Sitting against the thick trunk of a nearby tree, I stared out at the night sky. The clouds below us moved slowly, dimly lit by the large moon overhead.
“The stars are beautiful,” I admired. Coming from a world where brightly lit cities masked the stars, being able to see such a serene spectacle was a blessing I had come to appreciate.
“It’s quiet nights like these that I sometimes wonder if there really is a war happening down below us,” Tess said softly. “I sometimes come out here and imagine that the clouds below us are the ocean and I’m floating aimlessly on a boat. Childish, right?”
“I think you have the right to be a little childish at times,” I said. “You’re a head of an entire unit now. You’re responsible for the lives that you lead and that’ll never be an easy burden to carry, no matter how much experience you gain.”
“You say that as if you’ve been one,” she replied, bringing her knees close to her chest. “You’re technically a general but the lances don’t really lead the soldiers.”
“You’re right, and in that regard I have it much easier. The main duty of a lance is to single-handedly overpower an opposing enemy of their caliber.” I turned to my childhood friend. “Which brings me to why I wanted to see you.”
“Does it have something to do with what you talked about with Grandpa and Gideon?”
“Was it that obvious?”
“You’re not the type to do something as sentimental as this without reason. You either have to go away for a long time, do something dangerous again, or both,” she pointed out.
I let out a chuckle. “Am I that much of an open book?”
“You’re more like an open chapter,” Tess smiled. “There are some parts that are so obvious yet there are times when I feel like I don’t know you at all.”
“Such as?”
She shook her head. “Well, for one thing, I want to know how you’re such an expert at everything you choose to do—what’s your secret?”
“Secret?”
“Magic, fighting, artificing, giving speeches—hell, even espionage and military strategy,” she listed off. “I know complaining how it’s unfair won’t do anything. I’m just curious.”
I held back my tongue. The temptation to reveal everything about my past life to Tess had been growing each time I saw her, but now wasn’t the time. “I just read a lot of books when I was younger.”
“I don’t know what I expected.” Her gaze was full of doubt but she didn’t question me any further.
“Tess. I don’t know why you’re in such a hurry, but you’re doing fine,” I comforted.
“It’s just frustrating,” she smiled wearily.
“Frustrating?”
“I try my best to catch up to you. My mana core is just a half-step behind yours, I’m a beast tamer just like you and I’ve studied under some of the best teachers in the continent as well as an asura—just like you. Yet, I feel like the closer I am to reaching you, the farther you slip away from my grasp.”
“Tess...”
“Just promise me you’ll return back safely.” She gently ran her finger across my neck where my scar had settled. The bandage that I had applied to hide the unsightly mark began peeling off from Tess’ water spell. “I don’t care how many scars you come back with, as long as you’re in one piece and you’re breathing.”
I could feel my face beginning to burn at her words. I tried to think of something to distract ourselves when I thought back to our argument in front of Cynthia Goodsky’s grave. Both then and now, she had gotten worked up about the same thing. “Why is it so important for you to catch up to me, Tess?”
For a moment, the world around us was quiet as she stared off into the night sky. “Because only then will I have the confidence to tell you that I love you again.”
Before I could even process her words, Tess turned to face me once more. Her gaze softened as she gave me a smile so genuinely sweet, with a tinge of shyness that a sudden warmth rushed through me.





Chapter 168
Chapter 168: View From the Sky
OLFRED WAREND
It didn’t surprise me when Elder Rahdeas came to visit me, telling me how he had brought home an infant human boy. I was familiar with his kindness; I, too, had been a recipient of his goodwill after all.
He had taken me away from the cruel streets of the upper caverns, giving me food and shelter in his own home. Treating me as if I were his blood, he taught me to read and write and, after finding out my natural inclination toward magic, even taught me the basics of mana manipulation. But even then, I was cautious. Growing up without a home or family taught one to be suspicious of everyone.
There was always a nagging thought that maybe this man was just nurturing me to sell me off one day. However, that wasn’t the case. Years passed happily and my suspicions had long since evaporated—I had come to consider myself his son.
After graduating as one of the top conjurers in Earthborn Institute, located in the capital city of Vildoral, I had been selected to be one of the trainees to become a guard of the royal family.
The Greysunders were greedy and looked down on their entire race, always discontent with how they were perceived—inferior to the humans and elves. But I served the king and queen faithfully and with the highest respect; that is what Rahdeas taught me.
After decades of serving the royal family faithfully, talk of choosing the next two lances came to light and I had become one of the candidates. At first, I had planned to drop out of the private tournament; if I had wanted my life bound to someone, it would be to no one but Rahdeas.
Rahdeas had respected this decision until the day he brought home the boy he named Elijah. Without giving me any detail of how he came across a human infant, Rahdeas urged me to become a lance that would serve the royal family faithfully. I argued, saying the Greysunders were not the ones I wished to chain my life to, but Rahdeas assured, with utmost confidence, that it would only be temporary and that I would be bound to him in the end.
I had learned from serving as a guard for the royal family that the Greysunders had been in power since the creation of Darv, yet Rahdeas was somehow able to guarantee otherwise.
He was the man I respected as a father and savior. Even if I disobeyed the king, I wouldn’t disobey Rahdeas.
Another decade passed and the human boy grew under the care of Rahdeas, and for the first time in history, the lances were knighted in public. Rahdeas was kind but also a man that, despite his love for his people, kept his thoughts to himself.
He never told me what he meant when he said my soulbond with the Greysunders wasn’t permanent. He never told me why he kept our ties a secret from the boy. He never explained who exactly it was that told him that this boy was supposed to be the savior of the dwarves.
“You’re quiet, Olfred,” Rahdeas said from the other side of the large circular room. “What’s the matter?”
“Nothing, my lord.” I pried my gaze away from the window and faced the man who’d raised me.
“Olfred! I told you to just call me Rahdeas when we’re alone,” he scolded gently. “Now take a seat. Have a drink with this old man.”
“I have grown old as well.” I took a seat across from him, receiving a goblet.

“The view of the moon is magnificent, is it not?” he sighed after taking a large swig from his goblet that seemed tiny in his large hand.
“It is,” I agreed.
“What an ignorant misconception made by humans and elves. They think that just because we live underground, we prefer caves over buildings. With those unbearable gales that cover all of Darv, did they not stop once to think that we didn’t construct tall towers and buildings because we couldn’t?”
I nodded, looking out the window once more after taking a sip. “Ignorance leads to false assumptions and interpretations.”
“Very true. But times of change are upon us.” Rahdeas idly traced the scar running down his left eye. “The time has come, my child.”
Reaching over the table, Rahdeas gently grabbed my wrist, clasping his hand over mine. “Are there any doubts or hesitations clouding your mind?”
“None... Father.” The word felt foreign to me. I had never said it out loud despite always thinking so. However, I knew I would regret if I didn’t say it before my time came to an end.
The corner of Rahdeas’s eyes crinkled in a gentle smile as he held onto my hand firmly. “Good, good. My only regret is that you won’t be here to see the triumph of our people. If only you had been bound to me rather than that asura.”
I shook my head. “There are some things we cannot change. But there is one thing that I wanted you to know.”
“What is it?”
“I know your ambitions for our people, but that is not why I am doing this. Our people were the ones that had scorned me and beat me while I was on the streets. I just want you to know that the reason I can do all of this without a doubt is because it is what you desire.”
Closing his only able eye, Rahdeas nodded slowly. “Good child. Very good.”
ARTHUR LEYWIN
I sat down at the edge of my bed, removing the pin that held my hair up. My bond let out a soft grunt of acknowledgment before falling back asleep, leaving me to the silent peace of the night.
Tess’ voice echoed in my head, her words conflicting with my priorities.
“...‘to<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>tell you that I love you again,’” I repeated softly to myself. There were only a few things I truly wanted in this lifetime. It wasn’t fame, power or wealth; I had that and more during my previous life. What I wanted—and the reason why I was fighting this war—was simply to grow old with my loved ones, something I wasn’t able to do as Grey. For that, I was willing to go against any enemies, asuras or not.
What I had trouble fighting was the temptation to throw everything away. There were times when I wanted to just escape to the edge of the Beast Glades with Tess and my family.
Greed constantly questioned my every move.
This isn’t your war, Arthur.

Your legs are near-crippled and you have scars all over your body; haven’t you done enough?
You’re fighting for your people again. You did that in your last life and look where that got you?
Letting out a sigh, I realized why I was constantly pushing Tess away, giving her excuses or roundabout answers for a later date.

I was afraid.
I was afraid that if I let her in, my greed would become uncontrollable—that I would throw away Dicathen to save the few I truly loved.
Time trickled by while I was lost in my thoughts and by the time I realized, the rising sun, covered beneath the clouds, had given the sky an orange tint.
Removing the luxurious attire I had been wearing since the event last night, I slipped into a comfortable shirt and vest, tucking in the ends of my pants into my boots before draping a thick cloak over my shoulders. “It’s time to go, Sylv.”
Sylvie’s bright yellow eyes fluttered open. Hopping off the bed, she walked beside me, watching me as I carefully applied the special bandage to hide the large scar on my neck. ‘I’m ready.’
Before heading toward the stairs, I stopped by my sister’s room and knocked on her door. “Ellie, it’s your brother.”
The door slid open, revealing my sister in mid-yawn, her hair frizzy on one side and flat on the other. Behind her, laying on his belly beside the bed, was Boo. He peeked at us with one eye before going back to sleep. “Brother? What’s wro—”
She stopped mid-sentence, staring at my clothes. “You’re leaving again? Already?”
I forced a smile that didn’t quite reach my eyes. “I’ll be back soon.” I pulled my sister into my arms.
“You don’t have to come back soon, just come back alive.” She squeezed me tight before pulling herself away. Ellie kneeled down and did the same to my bond before getting back up. My sister smiled widely but tears had already begun welling up in the corners of her eyes.
I tousled her nest of ash-brown hair. “I promise.”
Making our way down the stairs, I was greeted by a chirpy Mica and stern-faced Olfred at the front of the corridor leading to the teleportation room.
The gruff, elderly dwarf, who came up to my shoulders despite his ramrod straight posture, immediately turned away from me upon my arrival and headed down the hall. “We’ll be traveling by flight rather than through the gates.”
General Mica, on the other hand, strolled leisurely by my side. By the smile on her small, creamy face, one would think that she was on her way to a picnic.
“Mica’s excited to finally go on a mission with you,” she said as we trailed behind General Olfred. “The other lances talk about you, although not all of it is good.”

“Do you always refer to yourself in the third person?” I asked.
“Most of the time, why? Is it making you fall for Mica?” she winked. “Mica may look like this but Mica’s a little too old for you.”
“What a shame,” I said, unable to help the sarcasm leaking out of my voice.
“Let’s hurry, time spent on this journey means time spent away from the already existing battles,” General Olfred barked as the soldiers standing guard in front of the landing room swung the doors open.
The artificers and workers inside dropped whatever it was they were doing and saluted upon our arrival. One person, however, walked toward us with an innocent smile.
“Elder Rahdeas,” General Olfred greeted, bowing deeply while Mica and I simply dipped our heads.
“Lances.” Rahdeas’s smile deepened, the scar running through his left eye curving. “Excuse my intrusion; I merely wanted to send you all off in person.”
“It’s an honor,” General Olfred replied.
Rahdeas walked to me, staring at me silently with his weary eyes. When he smiled at me, I couldn’t help but wish this person wasn’t a traitor—that I had suspected him wrongly.
I still regret the fact that I wasn’t able to protect Elijah, and even the thought of persecuting and ultimately killing the very man who had raised my friend like his own blood left a bitter taste in my mouth.
Rahdeas placed a large hand gently on my arm. “You must be rather fatigued from your previous battle. By the asuras, let’s hope that your suspicions turn out to be false so that you may hurry back and get some proper rest.”
While his expression and gesture seemed genuine, Rahdeas’s words seemed carefully picked. Nonetheless, I replied with a smile. “Yes, let’s hope.”
Maybe I am being too suspicious of him, I thought. He was Elijah’s caretaker, after all.
‘While that may be the case, you shouldn’t take that into account so heavily in regards to your suspicions now,’ Sylvie advised.
Letting go of my arm, Rahdeas gave one more meaningful nod to his lances before walking toward the back of the room.
Olfred led the way to the port on the other side of the large room. “We’re ready to depart. Don’t fly beneath the clouds.”
“Will your bond be fast enough to keep up with Mica and Olfred?” Mica asked.
The prideful Sylvie let out a puff of air through her nostrils before transforming into a full-sized dragon. The ground of the castle trembled as the workers around us instinctively backed away despite seeing my bond before.
“I’ll manage,” she rumbled as her long tail swept me off my feet and placed me on the base of her neck.
The wall in front of us lowered in a drawbridge mechanism as the floor beneath us extended into a large skydock.
Immediately I was nearly thrown off by the screeching winds buffeting Sylvie’s large body. While the roof and the multiple terraces were protected by a transparent barrier of mana, we were hit with the full force of the winds at an altitude of more than twenty-thousand feet.
Our voices lost in the wind, General Olfred merely pointed in the direction we were supposed to head. Immediately, General Mica and Olfred took off into clouds.
I can never get tired of this view, I thought, looking out as the morning sun became more prominent, casting an ethereal glow on the clouds.
‘Agreed.’ Sylvie sucked in a deep breath before spreading out her wings. Letting the wind carry her body off the dock, we followed closely behind them, not knowing what the outcome of this journey might be.





Chapter 169
Chapter 169: A Dwarven Night
The entirety of the first day was spent on Sylvie’s back. Without a word muttered to either of the two dwarven lances, we traveled until night fell when my legs could no longer take the strain of riding on bare scale even with the protection of thick cloth and mana. Not just that, but the hours of gripping tightly onto the base of my bond’s neck was taxing on my legs.
Because of me, we stopped for the night and made camp near the base of the Grand Mountains just a few miles up north of Valden City.
“Please, help yourself.” I held out a skewer of grilled fish toward General Mica and Olfred.
The childlike dwarven lance happily accepted the charred freshwater fish, crunching through the bones as if they didn’t exist, but the old lance merely shook his head.
“If you have the energy to cook, perhaps we should leave soon,” he said, ignoring my courtesy as his eyes remained planted on a book he had brought.
“Don’t mind him,” Mica said, her mouth still full of fish. “The old man doesn’t eat food given by anybody he doesn’t fully trust.”
I nodded, throwing the fish I had grilled for General Olfred to Sylvie. With a snap of her neck, the blackened fish disappeared inside her maw. My bond remained in her original draconic form, curled up at the edge of our small camp. Because of her black scales, Sylvie seemed to almost disappear despite her large frame—the only part of her visible being her two sharp topaz eyes that seemed to hover in the dark.
‘These small morsels do little more than get stuck between my teeth,’ Sylvie grumbled in my head.
I know, but you’ll have to make do with these for now. Besides, you can easily go for weeks without eating, I replied, helping myself to a skewered fish. The fish’s charred skin was filled with a smoky sweetness from the fire, filling my mouth with flavor despite it being unseasoned.
‘Yes, but I eat for the flavor rather than the nutrients,’ she retorted.
Maybe you can find some mana beasts further north. We’re still too close to Valden.
The rest of the meal was rather quiet except for the soft gurgle of the nearby stream where I had caught the fish and the occasional snap of a twig in the fire.
Olfred didn’t say a word after rejecting my fish, remaining still—almost like a statue—as he leaned back against the earthen backrest he had erected while reading his leatherbound book. The only time he actually looked away from the book was when General Mica began humming as she combed through her short curly hair.
With a look of sheer distaste at the off-tune melody, I couldn’t help but crack a smile. Fortunately, General Mica was fairly quiet throughout the night, giving me time to refine my mana core.
Despite being at the mid silver-core stage, I felt lacking being surrounded by lances and my bond that happened to be an asura. With Dawn’s Ballad damaged and my legs debilitated, I felt like I had taken a step back even after the training at Ephetous. One thing I was certain of was that I could no longer afford to use Burst Step again if I wanted to keep my ability to walk.
After an hour of gathering mana from the atmosphere, refining it in my core and repeating the process, I felt someone’s gaze.
I pried an eye open only to see Mica just a few inches away from me, staring intently, while even Olfred had closed his book to observe.

“This is Mica’s first time feeling something like this,” Mica whispered.
“What’s wrong?” I asked, shifting glances between the two lances.
“Your refinement process,” Olfred answered, his eyes narrowed in thought. “Usually it’s not very apparent when someone refines their core—”
“But when you do it, it feels like Mica’s body is getting pulled toward you!” Mica cut in excitedly.
“I’ve never had that pointed out,” I replied. “Is it maybe because I’m a quadra elemental?”
Mica let out a gasp. “Quadra?”
“So that’s how you were able to become a lance despite your age. I’ve heard this being discussed once by the Council, but to think it was actually the case,” Olfred whispered as if talking to himself.
“What’s it like being able to utilize so many elements?” Mica asked as she leaned in closer, her large eyes practically sparkling.
‘Careful what you reveal,’ Sylvie advised from behind, her body still appearing as if she were asleep.
I know, I thought back. “There are still some elements that I still have a hard time grasping, like gravity, but for the most part, it’s practicing and always self-reflecting on what spell and element to use under specific situations.”
“Right, right.” Mica nodded fervently. “Knowing so many spells is useless if you don’t know when to use them.”
“There must be elements you’re more comfortable using,” Olfred said.
I nodded. “There are.”
“Hey, shall Mica teach you how to manipulate gravity?”
I scooted back, smelling the grilled fish in Mica’s breath. “I think it’s more of a practical issue than anything. There are times when I can use it, but it’s just not something I’m confident in.”
“It’s really easy, you know,” Mica insisted, holding out a palm. “You just have to imagine the world going up or down. Then you grab it in your hand and release!”
Unable to understand Mica’s incomprehensible explanation, I looked back to Olfred.
The old dwarf rolled his eyes. “You’d have an easier time learning from a pebble. Miss Earthborn comes from a long line of famous dwarven conjurers, but even amongst them, she’s considered a genius. Learning magic through intuition, she doesn’t even know the rudimentary concepts of mana manipulation.”
“Earthborn?” I repeated. “Where have I heard that name before?”

“Her ancestors founded Earthborn Institute,” he answered simply, going back to his book.
I stared at the childlike lance in a daze. I knew that all of the lances had distinct strengths but it never occurred to me that this seemingly ditzy mage would be from such an influential family. Not much of dwarven history was taught or even written in Sapin, but Earthborn Institute still stood out as one of the main reasons dwarves were able to stay on par with the kingdom of Sapin despite their smaller population and territory. Even after Xyrus Academy had begun accepting different races, much of the dwarven nobles still chose to send their children to Earthborn for their more specific disciplines and areas of study suited for dwarves.
“Mica’s amazing on top of being beautiful, right?” The small dwarf puffed out her chest.

General Olfred let out a scoff, his face hidden behind his book. “That again? I applaud your confidence but If you’re so beautiful, why is it that you have no experience in relationships when you’re nearing fif—”
He couldn’t finish his sentence as he had to defend himself from a massive war axe that seemingly appeared out of thin air. The ground beneath the old general split from the sheer force exerted by General Mica.
With an innocent smile that seemed to contain a ferocious demon inside, Mica swung down her weapon once more. “My, grumpy old Olfred is getting ahead of himself. You should know best that the reason why I have yet to invest in a man is that my tastes don’t suit the standard dwarves.”
I scooted back closer to Sylvie, not wanting to be a part of this dispute.
‘I think I liked her more when she referred to herself in the third person,’ Sylvie admitted.
I wholeheartedly agree.
Olfred, who had instantly erected a shield of solidified earth above him to guard against his companion’s weapon, let out another scoff. “Please, the only reason you weren’t blatantly ostracized is because of your background. Perhaps you’ll find a human with a rather unique taste for little girls to sweep you off your feet.”
The force of gravity increased around us, and it had become hard to breathe without the help of mana to strengthen my body. The fire had gone out, the wood that had once been burning reduced to rubble.
I stared at the two of them, dumbfounded at the sight of two lances—pinnacles of power in all of Dicathen—bantering like children. <span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>
“We’ll”—I let out a sigh, collecting myself—“We’ll attract attention if the both of you keep this up.”
Ignoring me, General Mica swung her giant axe once more, but rather than cleave the stone golem that General Olfred had conjured, her axe obliterated the golem into pebbles. “I don’t see you with a lover in your arms, Oldfred!”
“The fact that you were able to become a lance with your childish antics never ceases to amaze me,” Olfred grunted as he erected another golem, this time much larger.
Letting out a sigh, I gathered water particles from the nearby trees and hosed the both of them until they were both dripping wet.
The both of them whipped their head, eyes glaring. “Are you guys done or do you want to level a mountain while you’re at it?”
Mica clicked her tongue. “It’s Oldfred’s fault, bringing up a lady’s age.”

“Those born sipping milk from a silver goblet need to be educated of their ignorance,” Olfred muttered.
Fighting the urge to roll my eyes, I watched as the two of them retreated to their own corners of the camp. General Mica, with a single stomp of her tiny foot, erected a cottage from the ground. Large enough to almost fit Sylvie inside, the stone house even had textured walls and came equipped with a chimney that soon began puffing smoke.
General Olfred, on the other hand, chose to build his lair underneath within the side of the cliff just a few feet away from our camp. The earthen cliffside in front of him glowed a deep red and began melting to form a pool of molten rock. A large area almost immediately hollowed out and I was able to catch a glimpse of the detailed stone furniture inside before the lance closed the gaping entrance he had made without even glancing back.
“Very covert,” I muttered helplessly before turning back and crawling underneath one of Sylvie’s black wings as a makeshift tent.
‘You might be more comfortable conjuring a tent as well,’ Sylvie suggested.
I’ll feel safer here in case they decide to do something in my sleep, I replied sluggishly.
I drifted in and out of consciousness as scenes from my past life flashed in between the peaceful lulls of slumber. Memories I wanted to forget resurfaced like worms on a rainy day.
After the night Headmaster Wilbeck was murdered, my goals had changed. Despite both Nico and Cecilia trying to convince me to go to school, I had no intention of trying to be a normal boy like the headmaster wanted me to be. I hated myself for being unable to protect her, the woman who raised me like a mother when every other adult had regarded me as a pest or burden. She took me in, wanting nothing in return except for my own happiness and for a time, I thought I had found it.
During that short period in my life with Nico and Cecilia by my side in the orphanage with Headmaster Wilbeck to watch out for us and scold us, I was happy like any normal child. She had no sins—she did nothing wrong. The headmaster was the type of person to give up her own lunch to a homeless man she had just passed by, yet life repaid her kindness with a horrible and bloody death.
The orphanage was left in charge by another headmaster and after a few months, the kids laughed like nothing ever happened.
Not me, though. I had become obsessed with finding out who had sent those killers after me and Nico and Cecilia as well as Headmaster Wilbeck.
Nico’s words rang clearly. “What are you even going to do once you find them? You’re going to take them out all on your own? With your ability?”
That was when I realized I had to get stronger. Withdrawing my application to the school, I enrolled in one of the military institutes where they trained candidates for the army.
Both Nico and Cecilia tried to talk me out of it. They urged me to give the school a chance to break me free of my obsession. Looking back now, I wish I had listened to them then. My life would’ve been much less painful and lonely if I had.
Perhaps the thing I regretted more than refusing to listen to them was allowing the two of them to follow me into the training institute. I know I had advised them against it at the time, but if only I had tried harder—pushed them farther away from me—then at least my life would’ve been the only one affected.
‘Arthur. We should depart before the sun rises.’ My bond’s voice rang gently but I still woke up with a gasp.
‘You were having nightmares of your past life again,’ she stated rather than asked.
You know about these? I asked, sitting up.
‘Yes, although they come in flashes, I’m able to make them out. You seem to be getting these more frequently,’ she answered, concerned.
I’m sure it’s nothing, I replied, getting out from underneath Sylvie’s wing.
‘I certainly hope that’s the case,’ she said dubiously.
I responded with a smile, drawing our mental conversation to an end.
“We’ll shoot for reaching the northern coast by the end of today,” Olfred announced as he destroyed the stone tents he and Mica had conjured, while Mica was covering our camp in case adventurers or hunters strayed too close.
My suspicions of the two lances’ involvement in the betrayal of Dicathen had lessened after their behavior last night, but I remained cautious. Conjuring a small gust of wind, I helped the two cover our tracks and we were back on our way.





Chapter 170
Chapter 170: Old Roots
A haze of magenta and orange spread throughout the horizon, giving life to the tranquil ocean in the distance. Sylvie and I plummeted near the edge of the Grand Mountains. The darkened figures of Mica and Olfred cast a shadow over us as they levitated down above us, preparing to catch me right after Sylvie transformed into her fox-like form.
We were still several miles away from the northern coast but we couldn’t afford flying any closer. Assuming the worst, a scythe might be able to sense substantial mana fluctuations even from this distance.
Sylvie latched onto me as soon as she shrunk. At the same time, I reached out, grabbing Mica’s outstretched hand. There we slowly descended, close enough to the massive mountain range to avoid any unwanted attention. While I was easily able to land, even from this height, doing so meant that I’d likely flatten the trees nearby and perhaps even sink the ground from the sheer force I’d have to use to stop myself. As reluctant as I was to admit, it was much simpler relying on the lance to just carry me down.
“That’s a pretty bad scar you have on your hand!” Mica remarked, her voice barely audible from the wind.
“It’s an old wound.” I cracked a smile. I had made sure to hide the scar on my throat with the concealing bandage, but the scar on my left hand was of little issue to people that didn’t know me very well.
The small lance nodded, the strength of her grip around my arm growing tighter despite her delicate-looking fingers.
We landed at the base of the Grand Mountains, on a field of dry grass and boulders where<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>frigid winds whistled around us.
“Mana from this point on should be kept to a minimum,” Olfred said as he scanned our surroundings for anyone nearby.
I nodded in agreement. I was able to use mana without it being detected through Mirage Walk, but that was information better kept to myself.
“I assume you have a plan in order to find the retainer and scythe in question?” the gruff lance remarked.
“Somewhat.” I took out the white mask I had kept since first becoming an adventurer and the black coat made from the fur of a nightmare fox. This was the outfit I had worn along with the mask since it had the subtle ability to cast one’s focus away from the wearer. Wearing it over my clothes, I also fished out a thick cloak from my dimension ring and draped it over my shoulders. “We’ll need to head toward the main road so take out your cloaks and put up the hoods.”
Olfred studied my black coat with a curious gaze. “An intriguing effect. Were you once an assassin or thief?”
“No,” I chuckled, looking down at my outfit. “I just didn’t want to stand out.”
With a dismissive nod, he and Mica followed my request, each taking out a lavish cloak of rich mana beast fur.
Without saying a word, I walked over to Mica as I took out a spare cloak from my ring. Dropping it on the ground, I stepped on it, staining the brown cloak with dirt and grass before handing it to the small lance. “Wear this instead.”
“Y-You just dropped it and stepped on it!” Mica exclaimed, flabbergasted.
“I know,” answered as I dropped my own cloak and stepped on it, rubbing my heel to thoroughly coat it with dirt and grime. “The two of us are going to be Olfred’s slaves.”

“Why can’t Mica be the master?” she huffed, holding my spare cloak with just two fingers.
“Because you have the appearance of a middle-schooler,” I answered bluntly with an innocent smile. Olfred let out a small laugh as he clasped on his fur cloak.
Glaring daggers at her cohort, she reluctantly put her cloak back into her ring and put on the dirty one I had given her.
“Sorry. This is for safety measures,” I said. Bending down, I dipped my finger on a muddy patch of dirt.
“No, please,” Mica begged, protecting her face with the hood of her cloak.
“We’re slaves that have been traveling a fair distance. It’d only be natural to be dirty, and it’d be a good way to get by unnoticed.” Without waiting for her consent, I pulled off her hood and smeared the moist dirt on her face before doing the same to myself.
I dipped my head down and tousled my long hair until it became disheveled and covered most of my face. After putting on the hood of my cloak, I handed the mask that I was holding to Olfred. “Wear this along with your cloak and if anyone asks, it’s to hide a gruesome scar you received years back.”
Olfred nodded, accepting the mask. As he slid it on over his face and propped up his hood, I couldn’t help but be reminded of my time as an adventurer under the guise of Note.
The blue streak running down to the right eye hole of the mask had faded over the years but with Olfred’s height being similar to how tall I had been when I was an adventurer along with the mask and cloak really brought back memories.
“The mask fits well,” Olfred said, his voice sounding deeper from the effects of the mask. “Oh? It has this sort of function as well.”
“Mica wants to go home,” the small dwarf sulked, her youthful face caked with dried mud while her short hair poked out in messy curls from underneath the dirty and tattered cloak.
How’s my disguise? I asked my bond, turning to face her.
‘It’ll have to do, although it worries me what would happen if someone looked too closely.’ Her small feline head nodded in approval.
Why does that sound more like an insult than a compliment?
‘It’s a bit of both,’ her calm voice chuckled in my mind. Sylvie hopped inside my cloak since she needed to be hidden from view as I posed as a slave.
“You’re positive no one will suspect us?” Olfred’s deep voice rumbled from behind the mask.
“No one’s going to be out looking for lances, and there are quite a bit of adventurers that like to use masks,” I replied, trailing next to Mica behind our temporary master. “Besides, there’s an old saying that the best place to hide is in plain sight. Who’s going to suspect a noble and his two slaves that got raided by bandits on our way up north to escape the battles?”
“While you do make a point, I’ve never heard of such a saying. Perhaps it’s used only by humans?” Olfred asked.
“Something like that,” I chuckled, remembering now that I had learned it in my previous life.
We trudged for hours silently. I constantly used Mirage Walk to strengthen my legs with mana while hiding the fluctuations, satisfied that not even Mica and Olfred were able to notice anything off.

I ran the plan that Virion and I had come up with in my head with Sylvie. Assuming that both Olfred and Mica were traitors, I didn’t know what they planned on doing to me. Worst case was them killing me when they had the chance, while another scenario was them taking me to the Vritra. Whatever the case, the two dwarves wouldn’t attack me so brazenly with Sylvie around. Even if they were able to overpower us, it would be a hard fight and attract attention even in the most remote areas.
If I were them, I’d lead me and Sylvie to the retainer or scythe in order to swiftly dispose or capture us. Having said that, the only real way to make sure that their plan was to lead us to their backup was to intentionally act like I could not find them.
With Realmheart, I could make use of the visible mana fluctuations to find the Vritra ’s base. After a few days of leading them in the wrong direction, they would either give up and want to head back—in which case my suspicions would be wrong—or they would provide me with suggestions or hints to lead Sylvie and me to our demise.

‘Your plan rests on a lot of assumptions,’ my bond noted, shuffling inside the pocket of my cloak. ‘What if they forcibly lead you to the Vritras?’
I highly doubt they’d want to reveal their position. You can’t get much better than having one of the councilmembers as a spy. Which is why it’s safe for me to assume that they’d try to avoid suspicion until they’re sure they can get rid of us without drawing attention.
‘So we’ll just run away if it seems like they’re trying to lead us to them?’ Sylvie asked, her tone doubtful.
If we can head back after finding the location of the Vritra’s base without fighting Olfred and Mica, that’ll be the best case scenario, I responded, following closely behind the masked noble that was posing as my master. But just in case, Virion sent another lance behind us.
Sylvie didn’t answer, but a wave of surprise flooded my mind.
You can’t sense her at all, can you?
‘No, I can’t,’ she admitted. ‘Is it the elven lance?’
Mhm. Despite her demeanor, she was given the code name ‘Phantasm’ because of her abilities to deceive and hide from opponents.
‘An assassin,’ Sylvie noted.
The two of us conversed mentally, shortening the passage of time as we trekked through the rugged plains.
Throughout the way, I activated Realmheart in brief increments, trying to catch any fluctuations of mana around us. I had to be careful to not let the two lances see my eyes, but my hood and long bangs were able to hide the fact that my pupils changed from blue to a light lavender.
As we continued our journey Northwest, trees became more abundant as the plains slowly shifted into acres of woodland. With Mana Rotation, the skill I learned from Sylvia, constantly replenishing my mana supply while I used Mirage Walk to conceal the mana fluctuation around me caused by using magic, the time I spent walking had become a sort of training.
“We’ve made it,” Mica sighed as we finally reached the main road. The dirt trail was wide enough to accommodate two carriages with ample space in between, and while there were wheel tracks from use, there seemed to be no carriages within sight.
“Where to now, boy?” Olfred’s deepened voice rang.
“We follow the road to the nearest town,” I simply answered.

“More walking?” Mica groaned in protest.
“The closest town isn’t too far off,” I comforted.
Mica and I kept our heads low as we followed behind Olfred on the side of the trail. Suddenly, I picked up the faint clack of hooves and wooden wheels.
Both the lances perked up less than a second later, picking up on the sound as well. The three of us stopped and waited for the carriage to appear in our line of sight. Pulled by two brown horses, one speckled near its muzzle, the wooden carriage was driven by an older gentleman in green and brown traveling garb with a young man that appeared not much older than myself.
As they got closer, it was apparent how malnourished the two horses were. Their ribcages were clearly pronounced while their coats and manes had lost any sort of luster they would normally get from the nutrients in their food.
Olfred waved his arms at the approaching carriage. “Hello there!”
With a swift pull of the reigns, the horses and carriage came to a dusty halt.
“You lost?” the older man barked, his eyes scanning Olfred’s garb while the younger one eyed Mica and me suspiciously.
“My slaves and I were on our way up north when our carriage was attacked by some bandits,” Olfred explained, his voice steady while he dramatically told a tale of woe. “They slit my horses and tried to rob us. Luckily my slaves were able to fight off the bandits.”
“These two munchkins?’ The older man’s eyes narrowed.
Olfred shook his head. “No, no. Different slaves, but unfortunately they didn’t last much longer from infection of the wounds.”
“Mmm. And the mask?” the driver asked with a raised brow. He and the younger man both gripped the hilts of their sheathed daggers on their waists. By their awkwardly placed hands, it seemed that their weapons were more for intimidation.
“My father insisted I hide my identity in these dangerous times,” Olfred answered with a weak chuckle as he held up his hands in submission, noticing the weapons as well.
“Dangerous times indeed as you’ve already experienced.” The older man loosened his grip on the weapon. “Fighting slaves are hard to come by and even harder to afford since the war started. Pity for your loss.”
“A great loss,” Olfred agreed.
“Well, times are hard for all of us. I’m not sure my horses can handle the weight of more people,” the older man ran his fingers through his scraggly beard as he let out a cough.
“Naturally, you’ll be compensated,” Olfred replied calmly as he dug into his fur cloak and pulled out two silver coins.
The younger man reached out and snagged the silver coins, testing their pliability with his teeth before giving an okay to the driver.
“Hop on then,” the older man motioned to Olfred. “But your slaves will have to walk.”
“Of course,” Olfred said without hesitation.
I caught a glance of Mica’s devastated expression before she lowered her head again. Without saying a word, I pulled the child-like lance back and waited for the carriage to resume before following after it with Mica.
“Mica is going to kill that old man,” Mica muttered, her face hidden beneath her hood.
“Just bear it for a little longer. The next town is only an hour away.”
“You’re familiar with this rural countryside?” Mica asked.
“Of course,” I said softly. “It’s where my hometown is after all.”





Chapter 171
Chapter 171: Inside The Tavern
The flickering fires of street lights glowed in the nearby distance, a sight for sore eyes after hours of nonstop walking. I had come back to Ashber, the small town where I was born, for the first time in more than ten years.
“Mica is ready for a nice cold mug of ale,” the general whispered, licking her dry, cracked lips.
I nodded wordlessly, keeping my pace brisk to match the speed of the carriage we were behind.
“Just out of curiosity, Sir. How many slaves do you own?” the younger man asked eagerly, his narrow eyes shifting between Olfred and me.
“I never counted,” Olfred answered with a shrug. “We have many at home, some owned by myself and some owned by my family.”
“Wow.” The younger man sighed. “If you have so many, how about you leave those two slaves with us—ouch!”
The older, bearded man leaned back from his seat and smacked the boy upside his head. “Are you hollow in the head? Who in their right mind would just freely give away their slaves!”
The boy rubbed his head, fixing his dirty blond hair. “I was just asking, old man. Sheesh!”
“Sorry about my boy. I’ve had to raise him on my own after his mother ran off, and manners weren’t always a priority on my list of things to teach him.”
“No offense taken,” Olfred said with a deep chuckle. “Normally, I might’ve just left them with you once I’d reached my destination but these two offer at least a bit of security in these chaotic times.”
The boy clicked his tongue. “Unlucky.”
Something about the two of them didn’t sit right with me. Aside from the fact that there were no other carriages going back and forth so close to town, there was no luggage on the carriage either. Their only weapons seemed to be the knives that they had buckled to their waists, which provided barely any protection.
They had seemed reasonably suspicious upon first contact, but they opened up too easily as if waiting for a reason to trust us. However, we were almost in Ashber and nothing seemed amiss.
“Well, here we are,” the bearded driver announced, pulling on the reins to halt the carriage. “We’re skipping through this town so it’d be best if you walk from here.”

“You’ll be traveling through the night?” Olfred asked, skepticism laced in his voice.
“We’re in a hurry to a small outpost just an hour away,” the blond-haired boy answered with a laugh, releasing the latch in the back to let Olfred out.
“Well, regardless, thank you for the ride.” Olfred handed the boy an extra silver coin before hopping off the carriage.
The driver gave Olfred a wave before snapping his reigns. With an annoyed grunt, the two horses started trotting, pulling the carriage to a narrower dirt road that veered off to the left.
“They need to work on their acting,” Olfred said, shaking his head as he began walking.
“So it wasn’t just me,” I replied.
“Whatever. As long as there’s alcohol and a cozy bed, Mica will be happy.”
As the three of us walked into town, I couldn’t help but notice how empty the streets were. Part of my memory of Ashber was how lively it had been for such a small town. Adventurers were scarce this far up north but a small river flowing near the town made the area a great place to raise crops. After the death of Lensa, my father took my mother here to this remote town and took a job here guarding farmers and their crops against the frequent wolves or stray mana beasts that came from the Grand Mountains. With farmers waking up early to tend to their crops and afternoons spent either selling on the market streets of Ashber or to frequenting merchants, nighttime was when everyone truly found the time to unwind and have fun.
My father would oftentimes come home at night, tripping over his own feet after drinking with the local farmers. I had expected some change to have occurred from the war, but I never expected Ashber to become such a ghost town.
The street lamps that lay scattered around were burning brightly, but there were no signs of people nearby. The three of us sensed someone in the alleyway, his features hidden by shadows. After a moment, though, the person scurried off, his unrhythmic footsteps growing fainter until the only sound we heard came from ourselves.
The three of us looked at one another but remained quiet. Looking around, most of the buildings were either vacant or barred. Wooden planks were nailed over windows while chains held together a store’s front entrance.<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>I activated Realmheart to sense for mana fluctuations, not expecting much.
However, I could see the distortions in the atmospheric mana all over the town. There had been mages here recently.
“I sense individuals scattered around, but there seems to be a congregation of forty or so just a few blocks away,” Olfred grunted.
“Mica sensed forty-three,” the little lance muttered beside me.
“I thought we agreed not to use magic,” I said, irritated. “What if there are Alacryan mages or Vritras nearby that pick up on it?”
“Mana wasn’t needed to sense them,” Olfred replied cryptically.

<i>What?</i> I almost said aloud. If they were able to sense people around this accurately, my whole plan could be compromised.
“That’s good,” I lied. “Looks like we’ll be able to pick up on the Alacryans’ hideout sooner than I’d expected.”
“It’ll probably still take some time. Mica can only sense people within a short distance and even then it’s sort of fuzzy. Same goes for Olfred,” Mica explained.

“You’re both talking too much for slaves,” Olfred snapped, before dropping his voice into a whisper. “Just because we can’t use magic does not mean our enemies are bound by the same handicap. Assume our voices will always be heard.”
I knew no one was nearby—at least no one that was manipulating mana—and so should Olfred, making it seem like he just wanted Mica to stop talking about their limits, but the elderly dwarf did have a point. I nodded and continued trailing a few steps behind Olfred with Mica quietly simmering in frustration beside me.
Turning a corner after passing by a particularly tall, worn-down building, I knew exactly where this “congregation” that Olfred and Mia mentioned was.
Clouds of smoke visibly puffed out of a chimney from what seemed like a tavern. The large shack had a crooked roof with missing tiles, but out of all the other tattered edifices and hovels nearby, it was the only place with light coming from inside.
We approached with little hesitation, driven by the thought of a nice seasoned meal and a plush bed.
<i>‘I smell meat being grilled,’ </i>Sylvie said as we got closer, rustling impatiently inside my cloak.
Olfred turned around and the three of us looked at one another before opening the splintered wooden door. My nose hungrily breathed in the pungent smell of alcohol, smoke, and a variety of indiscernible foods and spices. A clamor of a dozen conversations all trying to overwhelm one another resounded throughout the large tavern with the sounds of glasses clinking and palms pounding accompanying them.
The people—mostly men—that were seated at the tables closest to the door all turned to face us, some with flushed cheeks, others with irritated scowls.
“Do we wait to get seated?” Olfred’s voice sounded from behind his mask.
“You’re responsible for finding your own seat in establishments like these,” I said, pulling my hood down to cover more of my face as I resisted the urge to chuckle.
I grabbed Mica’s wrist and followed behind Olfred as he weaved through the customers and tables. It was impossible not to notice the glares as we passed by. A burly man with long, tangled hair purposely leaned back, hoping to bump into one of us as an excuse to start a commotion.
“Nevermind. It’s only forty-two,” Mica said as she pointed to a fanged hound that stood near its barrel-chested owner, drool leaking out of its flat muzzle.

I raised a brow. “What?”
“Forty-two people, not forty-three like Mica said earlier. Mica mistook that mana beast for two people,” she explained.
“Only forty-two people; got it,” I replied.
Continuing through the maze of people, I tried to pick up any bits of conversation I could that might alleviate my suspicions about this place. I was able to pick out a part of one table’s dialogue amidst the clamor, “...were able to reel in some fish tonight.”
While the toned man with several missing teeth could’ve simply been talking about catching a trout or some other aquatic vertebrate, their suspicious gazes told me that their conversation wasn’t so innocent.
Eventually, we seated ourselves around a wobbly table in the far corner of the tavern next to the bathroom. A vile stench caused by the absence of proper plumbing assaulted my nose, getting rid of every trace of the appetite I had built up.
“What’ll it be for you tonight?” a barmaid asked as she nonchalantly pulled down on her dirty gown to further expose her breasts. She leaned down on the table next to Olfred, blatantly inviting his eyes toward her cleavage as she herself scanned his fine cloak.
Mica and I apparently didn’t exist to this server as she swayed coquettishly next to Olfred, waiting for him to order.
“I’ll take three mugs of cold ale and whatever stew you have tonight along with some bread,” Olfred said, unfazed by her attempts at wooing him.
“Right away,” she cooed as she gently ran a finger up his arm. Whether it was another attempt at seducing him or gauging the quality of his cloak, I didn’t know, but I could tell that she wasn’t the only one that had noticed the potential worth of Olfred.
“Ugh. What’s the point of showing off those lumps of fat anyway?” Mica mumbled, disgusted.
“For once, we agree on something,” Olfred said with a nod. “A woman should have a firm and muscular build and the coarse skin to match.”
I opted to stay out of the conversation, taking the time to sneak in glances of the tavern. With Realmheart activated once more, I could tell that magic had been used and it hadn’t happened that long ago.
A distorted aura of mana surrounded a particularly large table along the opposite wall. A robed middle-aged man stuck out from the table. Unlike his companions, he was neatly groomed. His beady eyes flickered lewdly at the two scantily-dressed barmaids in each of his thin arms as they took turns feeding him fruits and ale. With hollow cheeks and a receding hairline, it was apparent that the two servers weren’t cozying up to him because of his dashing good looks.
Just from how loudly and haughtily he spoke, and the way his peers laughed and nodded to whatever came out of his mouth, there was no doubt the beady-eyed man was important—if not in control. By how the particles gathered around him, it seemed he had conjured a layer of mana to strengthen and protect his body.
He wasn’t the only one; just from a cursory glance, I spotted a few augmenters that were expelling a thin layer of mana over their skin for protection. However, the density and purity of mana encompassing their bodies were at a level far lower than the Alacyran soldiers I had faced near the southwestern coast. If I had to guess, they were either mercenaries or lower-tiered adventurers. In comparison, the skeleton being sandwiched by two girls was at a far higher level.
But that wasn’t what had bothered me. It wasn’t the subtle air of hostility in the tavern or the suspicious amount of mages present. I knew that man. Something about his beady, perverted gaze and his crooked face brought up bitter emotions but I couldn’t place my finger on why.
<i>‘What’s going on?’</i> Sylvie asked, noticing my concern.
<i>Sylvie, take a quick peek at the table to my left on the other side of the tavern. Do you recognize anyone? </i>
My bond rustled inside my cloak before her small muzzle popped out. Her intelligent eyes scanned the room, focusing on the area I had directed when a blatant distaste leaked out of her.<i> ‘He’s that scoundrel that tried to use the king to forcibly take possession of me during the Helstea auction event. I believe his name was something along the lines of—’</i>
The man got up and hobbled toward the bar, keeping minimal weight on his left leg as he used a wooden staff to keep balance. As soon as I realized his injury, his name immediately flooded into my mind along with the rest of my memories of him.
<i>It’s Sebastian. </i>





Chapter 172
Chapter 172: Inside The Tavern II
“What’s wrong?” Mica whispered, leaning in close with her head tilted down so only the bottom half of her face was visible. “Do you recognize someone?”
Shaking my head, I turned back to my table. “No one important.”
A different barmaid—this one much less affectionate—arrived with our order. She placed the three mugs of ale in front of Olfred along with the single bowl of soup containing a piece of bread sloppily submerged inside the goopy liquid.
“Please bring two more bowls,” Olfred said as he slid a mug across the table in front of me and Mica.
“There’s a stall a block down to feed your slaves,” she said with blatant distaste.
Ignoring her attitude, Olfred simply stirred the orange stew with the piece of bread. “It’s been a long journey. I’ll have them eat here tonight.”
I didn’t bother to see her reaction, but she left wordlessly. My mind was focused on the cold mug of ale bubbling in front of me. I pressed the cool rim of the mug against my dry lips, relishing the slight burn down my esophagus as the carbonated liquid reached my stomach.
<i>Damn, that feels good. </i>
Mica almost finished her entire mug in one gulp. Her body shivered as she let out a blissful sigh. “Even this cheap ale tastes heavenly to Mica right now.”
With a silent chuckle, I lifted my mug for another swig. Out of the corner of my eyes, though, I spotted the same barmaid whispering to one of the men sitting at the same table as Sebastian, pointing a finger toward our table.
“Looks like we’ll be having guests,” I muttered to the two lances as I set down my drink. Sylvie rustled deeper into my cloak while I pulled the hood a bit more over my face just in case.
Just a few moments later, a large man with a scraggly beard came to our table and with him, a short portly woman wearing a condescending smirk and clothing just as revealing as, if not more than, the barmaids here.
The bearded man regarded me and Mica with a raised brow and an expectant gaze. I got up without a word, pulling Mica from her seat as well, and stood behind Olfred.
The woman, seeing the two half-empty mugs, let out a snort. “You really shouldn’t be spoiling your slaves like this. It makes them think they can act out.”
“How I treat my slaves is none of your business,” Olfred replied curtly, sliding in another piece of bread underneath his mask. “Now what can I do for the two of you? I hope you can keep things succinct.”
“Succinct?” the man scoffed. The wooden backrest groaned in protest as he leaned back on the seat but continued to hold out. “Some fancy words you got there. You should be careful around these parts, especially if you’re traveling from the South.”
I could see the two trying to size up Olfred. Mica could pass off as a human child but I was worried that they might realize that Olfred wasn’t human.

“Thank you for the advice,” Olfred responded as he continued locking eyes with the two of them.
“We wanted to give you a warm welcome around,” the woman said, leaning forward on her elbows.
“We graciously came over after seeing the way you treated your slaves,” her companion continued, shooting a pointed gaze at Mica and me. “We have a whole line of slaves for sale that I feel you’d be interested in.”
My jaw clenched at her words. I imagined a room full of children and adults alike, barely clothed and fed, kept only as commodities.
“I’ll have to politely decline,” the old lance replied almost immediately.
“Don’t say that.” The portly woman slid to the edge of her seat to be closer to Olfred. “We’ve got a fine line of both girls and women if you’re not looking for a more practical slave.”
“We even have dwarves and elves,” the large man added, his cracked lips curled into a lewd grin.
There was a beat of silence before Olfred responded. “I thought after the formation of the Council, interracial slavery had been banned?”
“That’s why it’ll cost you an arm and a leg if you want to buy one.” The man burst into a fit of hoarse laughter at his own joke—or what he considered one.
If the lance was angry, he did a good job of hiding it. Mica, on the other hand, stirred beside me. I was able to sense the minuscule amount of mana leaking from her, but even that small amount was enough to fill me with unease. Not long after the union of the three races, the leaders of all three sides made a collective effort to abolish slavery. However, getting rid of slavery in one fell swoop would not only cause dissatisfaction amongst slave owners, but there would be severe ramifications in the economy by essentially getting rid of a large portion of the kingdom’s workforce.
In order to remedy this, one thing that the Council had been working diligently on was taking a step-by-step approach; rewarding owners who freed their slaves and heavily taxing owners who kept slaves.
While slavery existed in all three kingdoms, there had always been a high demand for dwarven and particularly elven slaves from Sapin. At least that’s what Vincent, the owner of the Helstea Auction House, told me.
Olfred gently pushed the bowl of stew away. “On second thought. Perhaps I am a little curious about what you have to offer.”
The woman inched a bit closer, her face contorted into what she considered coquettish. “I knew you’d be interested. I’ll let our boss know.”
“Is it okay if I at least get settled into an inn somewhere nearby first?” Olfred asked. “Our journey has been somewhat rough.”
The woman locked eyes with her companion before she motioned him with a twitch of her head. With a nod, he waved a giant arm at an old man with a slight hunch that had been idly drying glasses with a towel. “A room for the gent and his two slaves!”
The woman didn’t give Olfred a chance to object, leading him toward the back door with her bearded companion close behind. This time, the seated men and women in our way scooted their chairs, making a path as their gazes bore holes in us.
Before going into the back hall with the hunched elder, I looked back once more at Sebastian who was smiling in our direction with a barmaid whispering something into his ear.
Once we walked deeper into the scarcely-lit hallway, much of the clamor from the tavern died down. Mica and I trailed behind Olfred silently while the masked lance himself responded to the portly woman’s idle banter.
“Here’s your room, sir. That’ll be two silvers.” The old man held out an empty palm while his other hand held a rusted key.

<i>Two silvers? For a dingy room up here in Ashber?</i> I couldn’t believe it. It was reasonable to be able to buy a plot of land here with two silvers.
<i>‘I’ve never had an interest in this continent’s currency, but even to me it sounds ridiculous,’ </i>Sylvie responded incredulously.
Nevertheless, Olfred continued playing his role of the weary naive noble as he produced two glimmering coins from inside his cloak.

Without even a thank you, the old man dropped the key into Olfred’s hand and tottered back to the tavern. The woman, on the other hand, seemed even more flirtatious after Olfred produced the coins, going as far as squeezing Olfred’s arm before she and her companion headed back.
“We’ll meet back in an hour back at the tavern.” She turned back around and shot Olfred a wink.
Closing the door behind us, I immediately slammed my fist against the wall. Since my fist wasn’t coated in mana, a jarring pain shot up my arm but even that was welcomed. The fact that I wasn’t able to do anything for those slaves and for my town—I deserved the worst.
Letting out a sigh, I scanned the room which was no larger than the bathroom I had at my home in Ashber. There was one bed and dresser squeezed in; even taking into account Mica’s small frame, she and I would have to sleep sitting up.
Taking off her hood, Mica immediately jumped on the bed, burying her face into the pillow before letting out a scream.
“You did good holding back from those two,” I praised, removing my cloak as well. “That woman, especially.”
Taking off his mask, Olfred replied, “Her charming appearance didn’t make up for the fact that she has captured one of my own.”
I blinked, still unable to get used to the dwarves’ tastes.
“If it wasn’t for this darn mission, Mica would’ve flattened this entire tavern!” Mica cried, her voice muffled from the pillow.
“My thoughts were the same,” Olfred replied. “Our circumstances, however, force us to be discreet.”
I turned to the older lance. “Whether we decide to act, our mission is priority. It’s no problem going with them to see these slaves, though—in fact, it gives us a better cover to move around.”
Olfred nodded in response as he unclipped his cloak and slung it over the wooden dresser.
I sat down at the foot of the bed while Sylvie fumed beside me.
<i>Something on your mind?</i>
<i>‘I don’t understand why there would be a high demand for slaves of different races. Is it because humans feel pity for enslaving one of their own?’</i> my bond asked.
<i>No. Sickeningly enough, a lot of noble families practiced interbreeding with their dwarven or elven slaves so their children can have a better and more wide-ranged potential as a mage. Lucas Wykes was a product of that practice. </i>

Sylvie didn’t reply but due to our bond, I could feel her anger spilling out; I didn’t blame her, though. When I first read about elves, I thought of them as this mystical race with a high affinity for magic. That belief was further enforced by the fact that my stay in Elenoir was mostly with the royal family. When I think back to the time I had rescued Tessia from slave traders, I should’ve guessed that they either went for children or weaker, unsuspecting adults.
<i>The Council had banned interracial slavery a few years ago, but after seeing these two, it looks like it was still going on. </i>
<i>‘What about the forest surrounding the elven kingdom? Isn’t it supposed to deter most other beings aside from elves and native animals?’ </i>
<i>Which is why elven slaves are so rare. The traders will not only need to be adept fighters, they need to have hounds capable of guiding them through Elshire Forest. </i>
Contempt spilled out of my bond. <i>‘To go to such lengths...’</i>
Coming from a modest household, my parents would never have been able to afford a slave, even if they had wanted one. This, in turn, had somewhat obscured my run-in with slaves. Still, the fact that it was happening in my hometown did more than just irritate me.
“If we can’t handle this directly, Mica is going to inform the Council of what’s going on here,” the small lance said abruptly, bolting up on the bed.
I nodded, not bothering to turn to face the dwarf. “Sounds like a plan.”
The inn had one bathroom at the far end of the hall, and when Olfred went out of the room to use it, an unfamiliar man with a small dagger clipped to his waist escorted him there. While Olfred said the man was nice enough, It was obvious that a place like this didn’t offer concierge service. We were basically being held prisoner here.
An hour passed by in the blink of an eye. We decided it was best for Mica to stay behind in case she wasn’t able to control her temper. Despite numerous complaints from her, the child-like lance knocked out like a log as soon as her head hit the makeshift pillow she had made from rolling up her cloak.
The two of us got dressed once more before opening our door. It was obvious to us even before that there were people waiting just outside, but we remained casual.
“Had a good rest?” the portly woman asked, her voice a bit more slurred than when she had first come to us.
Judging by the flushed cheeks that her companion had, it looked like the two of them had been drinking in the meantime.
“Come! Follow us this way. Our leader wants to meet with you,” the woman said, cozying up to Olfred.
I remained silent as I trailed behind my master until the bearded man spoke. “Your smaller slave isn’t joining us?”
“Her body is unaccustomed to traveling such long distances,” Olfred answered without turning around. “I didn’t think it’d be a problem just letting her sleep in the room.”
The bearded man’s lips curled up into a snide grin.
“Ah! So her body is accustomed to other things,” he chuckled, nudging Olfred with his elbow.
I rolled my eyes. <i>Does this ape have no sense of decency? </i>
The muffled clamor of the tavern grew louder as we approached the entrance. While the establishment was still busy, the table closest to us was left open with only one person sitting at it. Sebastian.
“Leader, I brought them here,” the woman spoke, the slur in her voice nonexistent.
<i>Leader?</i> I almost said aloud, my eyes glancing upward to get a better view of the balding conjurer. I had no lingering resentment toward Sebastian. Even back then, when I was still a little boy in this world, I saw him as greedy and shameless, but insignificant. The childlike desire he had for my bond, and the fact that he used the king to try and ‘coerce’ me into giving her up did get on my nerves, but I’d never thought he’d be up here.
Even if he had received punishment back then for his actions at the auction house, I doubt it led to anything more than a warning. He was a noble; he shouldn’t have any interests in a remote town like Ashber.
“You may leave.” He dismissed them with a wave of his hand. Sebastian’s beady eyes inspected me and I could feel him probing for my mana core level. He wouldn’t be able to sense anything, of course. Even if I wasn’t at the white core stage yet, I was high enough of a level where his senses wouldn’t be able to detect traces of my mana. His gaze moved upward from my sternum to my face, but upon seeing my disheveled hair and dirt-stained face, his focus turned to Olfred.
“It’s a pleasure,” Sebastian said with a wide, seemingly innocent smile. “Allow me to welcome you to my town.”





Chapter 173
Chapter 173: Conducting Business
“Nice to meet you,” Olfred said with what little courtesy he could muster up. “My name is Cladence from House—”
Sebastian held up a palm, interrupting the masked lance. “Let me stop you right there. House names aren’t necessary in ordeals like this. I’ll simply refer you to as Cladence and you can call me Sebastian.”
“Very well,” Olfred replied. “Sebastian.”
“Good.” The beady-eyed conjurer nodded in approval. “Now. Before we get down to business...”
Sebastian muttered a chant as he waved his arm ostentatiously. After a few moments, a translucent shroud covered us, dampening the clamor of the tavern. An obvious but not very impressive demonstration of wind-attribute magic. Still, I played along as the naive slave and let out a breath of amazement.
The conjurer’s gaze shifted from me to Olfred, but seeing that his masked guest didn’t show any discernible sign of awe at this demonstration, Sebastian’s lips curled slightly into a frown.
“It’s a little rowdy in here and the folks present aren’t the most well-mannered,” he said, leaning forward to grab one of the mugs filled with beer in the center of the table. “Excuse me for my subordinates’ behavior. Bothering you like that when you’ve finally sat down to rest, I’ll have to reprimand them.”
Olfred reached forward, his large hand gripping the handle of the mug tightly. “It’s not a problem. Thank you for the hospitality here at the inn.”
“Hospitality?” The balding conjurer looked at the masked lance incredulously before letting out a snort. “You and I both know that this sort of place is fit for mud hogs.”
The masked lance let out a chuckle before taking a swig from his mug.
It was obvious that Sebastian was staring at Olfred’s head, trying to get a peek at what his face looked like underneath the mask.
“Is something the matter?” the lance replied after noticing.
Sebastian shrugged nonchalantly as he sipped from his mug as well. “Just curious about the story behind your mask. I’ve seen adventurers wear them from time to time but never nobles.”
Olfred scratched his head. “Is it very obvious that I’m a noble?”
“Well, it takes one to know one,” Sebastian said proudly.
“I figured,” the lance nodded.<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>“Judging by your kempt appearance and magical prowess, you seemed out of place here as well.”
Compared to the nasty men, most of whom were dressed in rags, Sebastian really did look off with his richly-dyed doublet and hose.
Sebastian’s eyes twinkled in delight at Olfred’s flattery. “Indeed. I’d take it to offense if you had thought of me as the same as those imps.”
The masked lance banged his mug back on the table. “I’d be a fool if I did!”
Throughout the rest of the conversation, it seemed as though the two of them had really hit it off. Whether Olfred was really good at acting or he actually found Sebastian amiable I wasn’t sure, but after a few more mugs of ale, Sebastian was a red, hiccuping mess. That’s when his true personality came out.
“So... what kind of girl ar-are you looking for?” Sebastian asked, his eyes glazed.
“What makes you think I’m looking for a girl?” Olfred responded with one had practically glued to a mug of alcohol.
The balding conjurer let out a giggle as he pointed a finger at the masked lance. “Please. My subordinates told me how you practically lit up when they mentioned I had elves and dwarves in stock.”

Olfred paused for a moment, and I was almost afraid the lance was going to say something he shouldn’t.
“And what if I am?” Olfred replied, his deep voice coming out slurred.
Sebastian held up both his hands in a placating gesture. “I don’t judge. What’s the point of having money and power if you can’t splurge it on what you want.”
“Of course!” Olfred slammed his mug on the wooden table but then let out a deep sigh. “It’s because of those damned entitled noble women looking down on me.”
<i>Where is he going with this?</i>
Leaning forward on the table, Olfred pointed at his mask. “Do you know the real reason why I wear this stifling mask? It’s because I have scars all over my face from a house fire.”
“Oh really now?” Sebastian asked, intrigued.
“Yeah, and the worst thing is, that incident happened to me when I was still a teen. The injuries I got to my leg stunted my growth, so not only is my face disfigured, but I’m now even a head shorter than my own damned slave!” Olfred shot a finger at me as I stood there, baffled.
Even while knowing Olfred’s true identity, I couldn’t help but second guess whether this incident had really happened at some point in the lance’s life.
<i>‘He’s very believable,’</i> Sylvie commented, overhearing their conversation.
<i>I’ll say. </i>
“Don’t even get me started!” Sebastian finished off another mug of ale and set it down before wiping the foam around his lips. “When I was serving the royal family, women rushed at the chance to get in bed with me, but after being relieved from the position, those same tramps treated me like some sort of insect!”
“You served the royal family?” Olfred exclaimed. “Why did you retire?”
Sebastian gnashed his teeth, his knuckles turning white from how hard he was gripping the mug. “Because of that damned brat.”
“Brat? What brat?” Olfred asked.
The beady-eyed mage threw his mug on the ground, which shattered upon impact. This drew wary gazes from the nearby tables. The rest of the tavern that was once blurred from Sebastian’s noise-dampening spell grew clearer because of his inebriated state.
“I’m a dual-attribute conjurer, almost at the solid orange stage, yet the only respect I can get is from these dirty primitives!” he exclaimed, waving his arm at the vile-looking men and the few women who didn’t look much better inside the tavern.
Olfred raised his glass in the air. “To those shallow and wretched snakes! May they wrinkle and sag like the loose rags they are!”
Sebastian snorted gleefully as he laughed at the lance’s toast. “I knew I found a good man when I saw you coming in through those doors! Now let’s get you some brand new toys to play with!”
The two of them staggered out of the tavern. Sebastian was barely able to walk with the limp on his leg that I had broken when I was still a child.
“Hey, you. Come over here.” He gestured at me as he leaned against the wall of the tavern.
I silently abided and walked over to the intoxicated conjurer when he suddenly flung his arm around my shoulder, leaning heavily against me. “You don’t mind if I use your slave as a walking stick, do you Cladence?”
“Of course not. That’s what slaves are for,” Olfred replied as I swallowed the ever-growing urge to break Sebastian’s other leg.
<i>‘This man is really testing my patience,’ </i>Sylvie said with a simmering anger that matched mine.
The three of us walked out of the tavern with the portly woman and bearded man trailing closely behind. I practically had to carry the lanky conjurer as his limp leg dragged on the ground.

“You know... it took me months to be able to tolerate this tawdry outpost, but I don’t miss my old standing,” Sebastian droned as we made our way down the dim streets of Ashber. “The people here, they do more than just respect me—they fear me. I’m a god to them.”
The drunk conjurer patted my cheek condescendingly as he gazed upward to see my face from within my hood. “You saw my magic earlier, right? I can kill you with the snap of my fingers.”
<i>Endure it, Arthur. Just for now. </i>

When I didn’t respond, Sebastian continued to hit my cheeks with his palm, each slap getting a little stronger. “Are you deaf, or are you disrespecting me because of my leg?”
“Don’t mind him,” Olfred said, putting a hand on Sebastian’s shoulder. “The boy can’t speak.”
“Bah! Cladence, what’s the use of keeping damaged goods like him?” the balding conjurer spat. “How about I do you a favor and buy him off of you? I have a few gents that have a thing for boys like him.”
“Tempting!” the lance replied, stumbling on his own legs. “But he’s not mine. He’s my father’s, and the last time I pawned off one of his things, he cut me off from his money for a whole month!”
“S-See?” Sebastian hiccupped. “That’s the kind of thing I don’t miss. “Family money is good and all, but it’s not truly yours. My wealth is my own. One-hundred percent mine!”
Olfred nodded. “Truly enviable.”
We traveled toward the other end of town through unnamed streets littered with worn-down hovels and alleyways filled with piles of garbage. Throughout the way, the drunk conjurer tripped countlessly on the neglected streets filled with cracks and potholes, and each time, he would let loose a string of curses at me.
“Thank the heavens that you weren’t my slave. Something about you just pisses me off,” he spat as he glared at me through glossed eyes, unaware that if he had been sober and bothered to look carefully, he might’ve recognized who I was.
I could feel a violent fury building up, but it wasn’t mine. Sylvie, still hidden in the depths of my cloak, was on the verge of exploding when we had finally arrived.
In front of us was a wide single-story building of solid stone. Just from a cursory glance, the structure appeared over two-hundred feet across and several dozens of feet wide. There were two guards lazily sitting against the wall beside the front entrance.
I was sure a building this big hadn’t existed in Ashber when I lived here, which raised the questions: Did Sebastian have this built? And if he did, how many slaves did he capture for him to require such a large prison?
The guards scrambled up to their feet, awkwardly saluting out of sync. “Sir!”
Their gazes flickered in suspicion between me, their boss that was leaning heavily against me, and the masked Olfred. One of the guards had his hand already gripping the hilt of his crude machete-like sword that was strapped to his back.
“Open the damned doors, useless fools!” Sebastian barked. “We have a customer.”
“Yes, sir!” they answered in sync this time before pulling apart the two sliding metal doors.
<i>I guess I’ll find out just how many slaves he’s holding here soon enough,</i> I thought as I lugged Sebastian in through the entrance with Olfred just beside me.
The smell hit me first. A concoction of foul odors was amplified by the damp, sticky air caused by a lack of proper ventilation. Even Olfred noticeably recoiled from the stench while Sebastian merely waved his hands in front of his nose. There was little visible beside the flickering lights and the trapdoor on the ground a few yards to our right.
<i>‘Something doesn’t feel right,’</i> Sylvie warned.
<i>I feel it too but then again, if you think about where we are, it’d be weird for it to seem normal,</i> I replied, taking another step. My chest tightened and the hair on my skin stood on end, but I ignored my body’s protest. If I was going to come back and save the people held here, I had to know its layout and approximately how many were imprisoned.
“Did someone die in here again?” he said angrily.
A thin, scraggly man uniformed in overalls and a dirty apron came running out from one of the dimly-lit aisles of cells. “Sir! My apologies for the smell. I was just cleaning up!”

Sebastian finally pried himself away from me, standing on his own with the wooden cane that the portly woman had been carrying for him. “What’s happened?”
The beady-eyed conjurer began limping down the center aisle, checking on each of the prison cells that I assumed had slaves inside. It was eerie how silent this place was. There were no wails of sorrow or cries for help. I studied every one of them as I followed behind Sebastian with Olfred. Every one of them was clothed in rags, huddled in the far corner of their cell. When they looked over at us, I got shivers from the dark, vacant eyes they all shared.
<i>Don’t look, </i>I sent to Sylvie as she rustled up from the inside of my cloak.
<i>‘It’s that bad,’</i> Sylvie replied, more so as a statement than a question.
I grit my teeth. <i>They’re treated worse than livestock.</i>
“It was one of the pregnant woman,” the cleaner replied as he put down the mop that he had been holding before following after his boss. “She died giving birth.”
“The baby. Did it live?” Sebastian asked, unfazed.
“We’ll have to wait a few more days to know for sure, but the newborn girl seems healthy as of now.”
Sebastian nodded in approval. “Excellent. The newborn will be worth more than that tramp anyway.”
As the conjurer slowly hobbled through the aisles, I noticed the different reactions from each of the slaves. A few shivered uncontrollably as Sebastian passed by, others had spiteful glares, some just had distant, hollow gazes.
“The dwarves and elves are held further down, but”— Sebastian spun around to face Olfred, a lewd smirk on his thin pasty face— “do you see anyone you’re just dying to get your hands on?”
The masked lance raised a hand. “As a matter of fact...”
Before I could even react, the earth beneath Sebastian began enveloping, covering his feet and creeping up his legs.
“Huh?” Sebastian let out as he tried to pry himself from the rising earth.
I whipped my head toward the masked lance. “What are you doing?”
The lance remained silent as he continued his spell. It was slow, but he was doing it on purpose. I could see the conjurer wide-eyed with fear and confusion.
“W-What are you idiots doing! Get them!” the conjurer readied his wooden cane to fire at Olfred when he let out a shrill scream of agony. The earth that had consumed his legs and was continuing to rise up his body began turning a dark red. A faint sizzle could be heard amidst his screams as the smell of burning flesh reached my nose.
The spell that Olfred had cast on Sebastian wasn’t to trap him—it was to slowly torture him.
“Olfred!” I called out to no avail. The janitor had scrambled as far away as possible from Sebastian. I could hear the footsteps of the two subordinates behind us.
“Damn it,” I hissed, spinning around in time to catch the burly man’s arm just before his dagger reached the lance.
I doubt the feeble attempt would’ve done him any harm, but nonetheless, these two were problems.
“Out of the way!” the brute spat as he swung his other arm.
Without a shred of hesitation, I drove a fist into the man’s arm. A sharp snap rang from the collision just before his hand fell limp by his side.
The bearded man let out a howl of pain, dropping his dagger to cradle his broken arm.
I caught his rusty dagger as it fell and swept my leg just below the portly woman’s knees. She crumpled to the floor but before she could get back up, I drove her companion’s dagger into her hand, skewering her to the ground.
I looked over my shoulder to see how Sebastian had fared against the lance, but all I saw was a statue of molten lava in the shape of the thin conjurer. He was dead, encased in a tomb of hardened magma.
“What the hell!” I snapped, grabbing the masked lance’s shoulder. “Even if you wanted him dead, you could’ve killed him without using deviant magic. What are you going to do if the Vritra senses what happened here?”
“Your worries are in vain,” Olfred said calmly, taking off his mask.
Confused, I activated Realmheart. I wanted to see just how much mana fluctuation was caused by the lance’s spell, and if it was possible that we could remain hidden despite this setback.
However, what I saw baffled me even more. There were particles of mana erratically moving around Sebastian’s corpse, but there were also fluctuations of mana all around us. Either a wide-scale spell had been used or a battle took place here recently.
I whirled around, vision shaky and palms clammy. My instincts had already sensed what was happening even before I saw the familiar Vritra approaching me.





Chapter 174
Chapter 174: Mother Earth’s Embrace
The figure walked with a confident gait, his lanky arms messily wrapped in black bandages dangling by his side. He had a slight hunch, which made him look a bit shorter than he actually was, but he still stood well over seven feet. Even before he had walked close enough for me to make out his face, I already knew who he was.
How could I forget the retainer that had killed the lance I replaced?
“Uto,” I said calmly despite my raging insides.
His dark lips split into a sinister smile. “Hello, boy wonder.”
“Retainer Uto,” Olfred greeted with an unnaturally stiff bow.
I restrained my urge to let out a scoff at the lance. Despite the turn of events, I was actually relieved the retainer that had come was Uto. Unlike Cylrit or any other Vritra, his motive was obvious.
Uto ignored the dwarven lance as he crept closer to me with outstretched arms. “You can’t imagine how excited I am to have you here.”
“Really?” I smirked, playing along. “I was actually expecting a different retainer.”
I could see Olfred react out of the corner of my eye.
“Oh?” Uto dipped his head so his gaze was level with mine. His pale grey nose was practically touching mine. “You seem to know a bit more than I thought you would.”
With Realmheart still active, I could clearly make out his aura, the brilliant nimbus of power crackling and popping chaotically like his very nature. But even without it, I could feel the pressure in the air around him. A palpable tension that was squeezing the air out of my lungs.
<i>‘The two humans,’ </i>Sylvie reminded from within my cloak.
The two subordinates of the petrified Sebastian were in a fit of spasms as they stared wide-eyed at Uto. They didn’t know who he was; their bodies were only<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>able to feel the might of the being in front of them.
“Let’s take our fight elsewhere,” I said simply, turning my gaze back to the Vritra.
Uto tilted his head. “Fight? Why do you think that a lesser like you is worth my time at all?”
“Because <i>you’re </i>here,” I answered, losing my patience. “If all you wanted to do was kill me or capture me quickly, then I’m sure Olfred with a few of your soldiers would have sufficed.”
The retainer didn’t answer, his gaze looking... unamused.
Suddenly, he burst out into a fit of laughter. “I can see why so many of you try so hard to keep your motives hidden. For times like these when it should be a surprise.”
He turned around and made a dismissive gesture. “Lead the way.”
“Retainer Uto!” Olfred blurted. “Lord Rahdeas’ instructions were to deal with this one cleanly to minimize chances of—”
The lance didn’t even get the chance to finish as he let out a nasally scream in pain. A black spike had shot up from the ground beneath Olfred, skewer the lance’s nose.
“Do you think I give a lesser’s ass about what your traitorous master thinks is the best course of action?” Uto spat, looking over his shoulder before he continued walking toward the door.
I checked up on the two subordinates. They were unconscious but still breathing. As I made my way toward the entrance I had come in from, I checked on as many of the slaves as I could.<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>Most of them were out cold and the ones that were conscious were probably in a state no better off than the ones that weren’t. I took one last look at Olfred, who had erected a stone pillar below his feet to get high enough to dislodge his nose from the black spike.
Despite my suspicions, this short trip had been filled with a faint hope that my doubts weren’t true. Now that they were, it was difficult to wrap my head around the emotions manifesting inside me. I was never good at it in my previous life, and I thought I had gotten a little better in this life, but apparently not quite enough.

I broke one of the three beads that Aya had given me, activating its effect before tossing it into the large trapdoor by the entrance.<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>Olfred’s eyes grew wide as he saw this, knowing exactly what it meant.
<span class="s1"><b>OLFRED WAREND</b></span>
I cursed, berating myself for the turn of events. To think <i>she</i> would be nearby. There was no time.
Rubbing my punctured nose that had already begun to heal, I descended into the ground. The earth obeyed, parting beneath me to make a path to the floor underneath the building that served as a cover.
I dropped to the underground floor below, causing several of the soldiers around to shout in surprise.
The underground level I had made was vastly larger than the prison structure above it. Here, thousands of soldiers were able to rest on standby.
“Evacuate the premises immediately,” I ordered, my voice echoing off the large chamber walls.
A mixture of responses. The Alacryan Soldiers glanced at one another while others blatantly ignored my command. Both they and I were fighting for the same cause, but because this was the continent where I had been born, they saw me as a traitor unfit to lead them despite the gap in power and experience.
I repeated my order once more, this time causing the earth around us to quake. We had no time.
Soldiers began slowly filing toward the stairs leading back up to the surface. I helped them by erecting a few more staircases, but when the light artifacts hung all around the walls started to burst one by one, I knew it was too late.
I cursed, erecting a dozen magma knights around me, but the chamber had darkened to a near pitch-black state.
Yells of confusion from the soldiers bounced off the walls that once served as protection and cover. Now I feared these men were in a prison.
I shrouded myself in a protective barrier of mana while sending out pulses throughout the underground chamber in hopes of locating her.
“Come out, Aya. There will be another Vritra—a scythe—coming soon. If you flee now, I can ensure that you’ll make it out alive.” I tried reasoning with her. I felt no remorse for these soldiers of foreign descent, but they were part of a bigger plan and time was running out. If Aya escaped and was able to notify the asura—Aldir—of my betrayal, it would be easy for him to simply kill me just by invoking the artifact I was bound by, but at this point though, I might prefer that over what she might do here.
“So caring.”
Her whisper brushed against my ear—as if she was right beside me.
My magma knight promptly lashed out with its sword.<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>A burning arc of lava launched in the direction of Aya’s whisper only for it to crash into the far wall. The attack scattered into glowing sparks upon impact, lighting up the darkened room for just a second. That’s when I noticed it.
Mist.
The entire underground chamber was submerged in a thick layer of swirling mist that almost seemed to have a mind of its own. And within this mist, chaos ensued.
Sporadic flashes of spells lit up the vast chamber as the soldiers began retaliating against the intruder, but even those became less frequent as Aya got to work.
“I have to thank you for trapping this many Alacryans in one place,” she whispered again, this time beside my other ear. “It makes my job much simpler.”
“Enough with your tricks and illusions!” I roared. “Come out and fight me face to face! Have you no shame as a lance?”
“Shame?” Aya’s voice echoed in unison from at least twelve different locations at once. “It’s a matter of common sense, dear. Why would I throw away one of the few advantages I have?”
There was a levity in her words that came off as arrogant in this situation. She was always like that. No ounce of seriousness in her ever-present facade.
“You leave me no choice,” I replied through gritted teeth. “Getting rid of a lance will at least make up for my error.”
I slammed my palm down into the ground, creating chasms all around the floor and walls of the chamber that lit up a fiery red. The temperature within my newly created domain rose drastically, while the glowing magma spilling out from chasms brightened the underground expanse.

The mist that filled the area was slowly evaporating while my senses became sharp. Aya’s spell worked much like the mist present in the Forest of Elshire, except it also served as an anchor for her to freely and near-instantly traverse.
Despite the increasing amounts of fire and earth mana surrounding me, it didn’t look good. My first instinct would’ve been to escape into an open space where I could at least escape from the mist, but that would mean abandoning the thousand or so soldiers trapped here. I was tempted to just raise the entire underground chamber to the surface, but that would mean destroying the building above us. I would not shed innocent blood, especially that of my own kind.
I scanned my surroundings. Much of what I could make out was obscured by the mist but the earth told me how many were at least on their feet and how many lay either dead or incapacitated. In this short time, more than a fourth had already fallen.

I cursed once more, but regretted doing so immediately after when an airy chuckle resounded beside me.
“Is the impregnable mental fortress of Olfred Warend slowly crumbling?” Aya whispered behind me this time.
A group of soldiers in a defensive position was firing out spells before each began dropping to the ground, clutching their necks.
<i>I won’t be able to protect anyone at this rate,</i> I thought just before a stampede of horned wyrms suddenly appeared in deadly fervor.
I ignored the illusions. Instead, I willed three of the rifts on the ground to erupt. Three blasts of molten lava coalesced into a fiery collision where I had sensed Aya’s mana fluctuation.
My spell hit.
“As expected. Can’t let my guard down against you,” she chuckled, shimmering into view. Aya was clutching her burned arm.
Meanwhile, screams of horror and shock echoed from the soldiers who weren’t able to distinguish between what was real and what were her sick illusions.
“Your illusions are as sadistic as always, Aya,” I spat in disgust. “That sick habit of torturing your victims is why you are always ostracized—even amongst your own people.”
“I saw that lovely statue you made up there,” Aya replied, fading from view. “If you ask me, I’d much rather have my breath sucked out of my lungs than be slowly burned to death in a molten tomb.”
“That filth deserved it.” I erected another magma knight in the location of her voice. “I gave him the same fate as those he chose to enslave for monetary gains.”
“Is that the same logic that led you to betray Dicathen?” Her tone was sharp, which was rare for Aya.
“You elves have never understood the hardships that our people go through. Even after your war with the humans, dwarves are <i>still</i> treated as lower class. Just because our people would rather hone our magical abilities to create rather than to destroy, we are belittled and taken advantage of. I trust the decision Lord Rahdeas chose to make in joining arms with the Vritra and their Alacryan army.”
“Do you think the Vritra would care for Rahdeas and your people? The Vritras and all the other asuras call us lessers because we’re nothing to them!” She hissed with more emotion than I’d ever seen her display. “You’ve read the report we were given, weren’t you? How the Vritra experimented with the Alacryans in order to enhance their army to fight against the other asura clans! They want to do the same here, to your—to <i>our </i>people. Dwarves, humans and elves alike!”
<i>Now!</i>
I siphoned as much mana as I could afford, creating a devastating blast of fire and stone around me.
The illusory mist dissipated to reveal the elven lance.
She tilted her head. “Did you give up on protecting the Alacyrans?”
“The ones left are dead. The others have escaped through the tunnels I created while you were so busy lecturing me,” I answered.
Aya still wore her mask of apathy, but I could tell by the slight twitch in her brow that she had miscalculated.
Without hesitation, I rushed toward her. Aya retaliated, dashing back back while hurling crescents of compressed air at me. However, I was no longer in a situation where I had others to protect.
Slabs of lava from the ground and walls around us began gravitating around me, enveloping me to form a protective suit of molten armor. The compressed blades of air chipped away at my magical armor but new slabs of molten rock filled in the gaps.

The magma lances I had summoned all dashed toward the elven lance, their weapons ablaze, but Aya was too fast. Even without the mist shrouding her movements, she was able to easily outmaneuver the golems and reduce them to pebbles at the same time.
Time seemed to slow as we fought. I couldn’t match her speed, but she couldn’t overcome my defenses.
“It seems we’re at a stalemate,” I said as I regenerated another crack in my armor.
Aya had patches of raw skin from where my magma had managed to burn through her defensive aura, but she was still relatively unwounded.
“Well, if this duel goes on for another hour or so, you might actually have the upper hand,” she said with a cheery smile that didn’t quite reach her eyes.
“Like I said before. Another Vritra is coming soon. It’s not too late for you to run away.”
She replied by hurling a barrage of air blades from all directions.
Ignoring the damage to my armor that was already repairing itself, I shaped the magma in my left arm into a jagged lance.
I struck at Aya while simultaneously conjuring spikes of lava from the ground beneath and wall behind her.
For a moment, I thought that my attack had landed successfully, until her body faded into wisps of air.
<i>Curse her illusions.</i>
The battle continued but it seemed like Aya had no intention of beating me. Her attacks grew less confident. It seemed like she was losing mana but my instincts kept me cautious. She was planning something.
I let my guard down purposely, hoping she’d get in closer range.
She took the bait, flickering right above me with a whirlwind of air concentrated into a spear-like point around her arm. She struck the crown of my helmet, shattering it and nearly piercing through my head as well.
Reacting instantly, the suit of magma protecting me began wrapping around Aya’s arm, keeping her in place. The elf’s eyes widened in horror as I pierced her with a mana-infused hand.
Aya tried to talk but only stuttered gasps came out as I twisted my bloodied arm inside to ensure she wouldn’t survive. “You’re strong and resourceful, Aya, but patience was never your strong suit. If it is of any consolation, I never wished for it to come to this.”
I tugged back my arm but it wouldn’t budge.
That’s when I saw it—the thin, hair-like strands of mana attached all over my suit.
I immediately tried to sever the thin strands of mana, but my attacks went straight through them.
“You’re right,” Ayas voice whispered beside me. This time, it was really her. “I <i>am</i> rather resourceful.”
She had mentioned to me once about a spell she had been developing, but to think she was able to do <i>this</i>.
The strands of mana glowed and I felt the air in my lungs convulse. I was still breathing only because she willed it. I now realized that throughout our fight, she had been carefully biding time for this moment.
“Surprised?” she said. “I needed a way for the ever-vigilant Olfred to weaken his defenses, and the only way you’d do that is when you think you have the upper hand. It also helped that your huge suit of rock kept your senses dull.”
The thin strands of mana that connected to the tips of her fingers glowed once more and a sharp pain pierced my chest.
However, rather than kill me, she continued talking, basking in her victory. “I remember you have a fascination with my magic, Olfred. Regardless of race, everyone’s body has a natural protection against foreign magic. It’s why water mages can’t just drain a human’s body of their fluids or why earth mages can’t just manipulate the iron in someone’s blood.”
“Every capable mage is aware of that basic premise, but to be able to establish a link to directly manipulate someone’s body using mana... how?”
“It doesn’t matter,” she replied curtly.
My lungs shuddered as I forced out one last deep breath. Despite my level of strength, this feeling of my breathing being <i>allowed</i> by someone else was nothing short of terrifying.
I raised my hands in submission as I slowly turned to face Aya. Her usually gentle eyes were sharp—the same way they were toward her enemies. “I know just by your gaze that my fate is sealed. And it would be unreasonable for me to ask you to have mercy on Lord Rahdeas, but please spare Mica. She had no part in this. I had to drug her in case she somehow found her way here.”
Aya’s brows twitched ever-so-slightly in thought before answering, “I’ll keep it in mind but that’s not up to me to decide.”
I replied with a nod. That was the best answer I could hope to get. “Despite our disagreements, it was an honor working with you.”
I thought I saw a sliver of remorse in those cold eyes, but I would never be able to confirm. My breath left me as if it was ripped out of my lungs. My vision darkened as I felt the cold grasp of Mother Earth pull me back into her embrace.





Chapter 175
Chapter 175: Appeared
ARTHUR LEYWIN
A glimpse of the dawning sun could be seen behind the Grand Mountains, casting a large shadow over the glades, a flat plain of grass with large boulders and splintered logs scattered throughout the area.
This place appeared to be a part of the surrounding forest long ago before an avalanche had struck. Snow still lingered, hiding in patches in the shadows of the debris of fallen trees.
Uto stood a dozen or so yards away, swinging his arms as if doing a morning stretch.
<i>‘Arthur.’ </i>Sylvie’s voice was filled with unease.
<i>I know,</i> I replied, taking off my woolen cloak. <i>Even I can already sense the difference between him and the other retainer we fought. </i>
“Do you know what motivates an enemy the most?” Uto asked, stretching his long, thin neck.
I didn’t answer. Instead, I took out Dawn’s Ballad from my dimension ring and withdrew it from its scabbard.
“You don’t know? I’ve found that it’s an enemy seeking revenge that retaliates with the most... gusto,” he answered nonchalantly.
An ethereal glow enveloped the teal blade of my sword despite the lack of light around us. Seeing the jagged remains of the broken tip still sent an ache to my heart, but I knew that even in this condition, Dawn’s Ballad was still the best weapon I could hope for right now.
I raised my gaze to match Uto’s before answering. “You think this is a battle for revenge?”
“Isn’t it?” he shrugged, taking a step closer as he tapped his chipped horn. “You were pretty riled up when you found out that I was the one responsible for killing that elf.”
“My first time meeting her was when she was dying,” I replied, taking a step forward as well. “So revenge wouldn’t be quite my motivator. I simply consider you someone that needs to be disposed of.”
Uto frowned. “Well that’s disappointing. Here I was, so excited that you’d be hell-bent on using every ounce of your being to seek vengeance for your comrade, companion, or even possibly lover—scratch that, you’re a little too young for her, unless she’s into that kind of...”
The lanky retainer continued to mumble on in his fantasy until he abruptly clapped his hands together. “Aha! Grandpa elf! His precious granddaughter is around your age, isn’t she? Considering how close you are to that family, it would make more sense for you to fancy her than that elven lan—”
The sickle-shaped blade of frost that I had launched at the lanky retainer dissipated after hitting a black spike that had manifested from the ground in front of him. The ink-stained metal spikes froze on impact but remained whole.
“See? It’s that kind of rage and impatience that I was looking forward to.” He snapped his fingers in regret. “I should’ve killed the little elf princess or maybe a family member of yours before waiting all the way out here for you to show up.”
“Are you done?” I asked through gritted teeth, holding my sword out in an offensive stance.
Uto merely shrugged. “You may as well have that little bond of yours come out. You’re going to need all the help you can get.”
“Come out, Sylvie,” I said aloud while my gaze remained locked on the retainer.
My bond hopped out of my cloak, her eyes sharp and fur-like scales bristled.
“It’s a shame that the circumstances surrounding us aren’t as well-knit as I thought they’d be, Pup. That elemental blast you shot at me before leaving when we first met left a deep impression, you see. It made me think that I hurt you deeply—personally.” Uto let out a deep, exaggerated breath. “No matter. Let’s see if you can humor me for at least a few minutes.”
Uto took a step forward, but unlike the casual saunter he had before, the space around him suddenly distorted.<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>His presence became almost palpable in the air as each step sent ripples of vibrations into the ground.
I immediately unleashed Realmheart while Sylvie shifted into her draconic form.
“A wyvern?” Uto asked, tilting his head.
With Sylvie’s powers sealed since birth by Sylvia, she just resembled a very powerful mana beast, but no more than that. I had stayed cautious since the war, but it was a relief seeing how even a retainer couldn’t tell.
“Why? Does that scare you?” I pushed.
He responded with a wicked sneer before he nonchalantly flicked his right hand.
With Realmheart amplifying my affinity to the ambient mana surrounding us, my body <i>sensed</i> the disturbance in front of me before I could actually see. Sylvie and I both dashed in opposite directions just in time to dodge the barrage of black spikes that had instantly manifested below us.
The ground that we had just been standing on now looked like the back of a really large and angry porcupine with each of the seven-foot spikes gleaming menacingly.
“Brandish your weapon, <i>Pup!</i>” he spat, siphoning a large black harpoon from the center of his palm.

I brought Dawn’s Ballad close to my side as I pointed the weapon’s fractured tip at Uto. The runes glowing on my arm burned with a comforting warmth as I began coalescing the mana surrounding me.
The blade of my sword shimmered in a scintillating array of colors as I infused ice, fire, lightning and wind. It was only because the weapon was Dawn’s Ballad that it was able to hold strong despite the overbearing amount of mana being loaded into it.
<i>Let’s go!</i> I charged with Sylvie by my side.
I held my sword low as I dashed toward the retainer. The ground beneath my weapon splintered beneath its aura, but ruining nature was the least of my concern.
With a manic grin, Uto charged as well, his harpoon arm recoiled like a snake ready to lash out.
In an instant, my blade met his, creating a spherical wave from the sheer concussive force of our impact. The elements infused in my blade surged out but Uto held on effortlessly.
He waggled his eyebrows while our weapons were still intertwined. “Not bad.”
<i>‘Duck,’</i> Sylvie ordered.
Immediately following up, my bond lashed out with her long tail, hitting him square in the sides as soon as I dropped to the ground.
Uto flew to the side, slamming into a nearby boulder which shattered upon impact.
The veil of debris had yet to clear when I flourished Dawn’s Ballad. A polychromed crescent of mana ripped out from my blade, slicing the very cloud of dust as it traveled.
The earth shook violently as my attack indented a large chunk of the ground. The shockwave dropped the row of trees closest to Uto.
<i>‘He’s still alive,’ </i> Sylvie, who was already prepared for her next attack, informed.
I lowered myself, weaving more mana around my body in case of a surprise strike, but rather than a retaliation at our barrage, a laugh rang from within the depressed cavity of the ground. Again, I saw the flickering fluctuations of mana around me. Thin spikes conjured out from thin air while large pillars of the black metal fired out from the shadows beneath boulders and the fallen logs.
I parried the thin spikes with Dawn’s Ballad, which sent a jarring amount of force up my arms. Meanwhile, Sylvie knocked aside the thick pillars that had sprouted from the darker shadows. Her thick scales managed to withstand most of the attack, but the sheer volume and intensity of Uto’s sudden barrage left both of us wounded and bleeding.
<i>Don’t heal us,</i> I ordered when Sylvie gathered mana into her breath. <i>Not yet, at least. </i>
Fortunately, the spikes weren’t laced with poison, but it was almost unfair how the retainer was able to conjure them out of thin air.
Even advanced earth mages had to shape the earth around them before firing them out. Uto seemed to be able to just manifest his attacks wherever he pleased.
“I expected more, Pup,” Uto sighed as he walked out of the depression of earth that I had created from my last attack.
<i>Defend my back,</i> I sent Sylvie, siphoning more mana out of my mana core and into my body. I could see my long hair turn white as I fell deeper into the Realmheart Physique. The runes became more complex and I could feel its mark branded on my back as well. The mana around me seemed eager to obey my thoughts. They twirled around me, forming seamlessly into spells that would normally take immense concentration.
Dawn’s Ballad was emblazoned in a silver aura of frost while my left fist crackled with tendrils of black lightning.
Uto’s brows were knitted, but he had no time for thoughts as I soon arrived, unleashing a torrent of attacks. My crystalline sword was no more than a blur, leaving only streaks of silver in its path. I weaved in punches, elbows, knees and kicks like how Kordri had taught me in our years of training. For every time I swung Dawn’s Ballad, he instantly countered with a black spike, which froze and shattered on impact. Meanwhile Sylvie stayed close behind, her limbs a flurry of scales and claws as she hacked and ripped away at the neverending barrage of black spikes Uto conjured. Soon, the area around us became a ruin of frozen rubble and severed spikes of black metal.
<i>‘This isn’t good, Arthur. Uto’s attacks are firing in greater volume,’</i> Sylvie grunted.
My eyes remained locked on the retainer, who had yet to receive a single wound. Every time it seemed like I was about to land an attack, a black slate of metal would form around the area, protecting his body.
<i>I’ll have to kick it up a notch. </i>
The thick tendrils of black lightning coiled around my arm receded at my beckon. I internalized the lightning magic, heightening my reaction time by reinforcing my very neurons with lightning magic.
The very world seemed to slow. My senses were heightened—almost overwhelming. Colors seemed to pop while the tiny particles of mana visible through Realmheart came alive.
I swung Dawn’s Ballad once more as I easily dipped under Uto’s thrust. Just as my blade was about connect with Uto’s exposed side, I saw it.
I saw the retainer’s black spike magic that once seemed instant, rapidly coalesce just where my attack was about to hit. Immediately, I redirected my strike upward just below his arm.
I could see the ghastly mana moving—reacting—to my new attack. But it didn’t reach in time. I feigned my attack once more, instead driving my fist into his sternum.
The retainer buckled over from the attack. He took a step back to keep himself upright while a thin trail of fluid too dark to be blood trickled down the side of his mouth.
Surprised that my attack had actually connected, I paused for a beat before lunging forward with another strike.
<i>It’s in the shadows, Sylv! </i>I screamed internally. <i>Those black spikes can only manifest in areas of darkness. That’s why his spells are always more powerful when they come out from darker places like from underneath a boulder or a log. </i>

Uto’s hand blurred. It <i>blurred</i>. Despite being in Realmheart and having Thunderclap Impulse heightning my reactions, I couldn’t fully see his strike.
His fist hit me like a train. Even with the density of mana protecting my body, I felt myself flicker in and out of consciousness. By the time I had collected myself, I was twenty feet from my previous position with my back up against the shattered trunk of a tree.
Sylvie was holding Uto off, the blood from her fresh wounds coating her black scales. With her abilities sealed by Sylvia, she wasn’t able to keep up with Uto any more than I was able to, even with her superior defenses.

Getting up, I pondered once more whether or not to rely on Burst Step to outmaneuver Uto, but Sylvie’s sharp tone cut me off.
<i>‘You’ll be crippled for the rest of your life if you use Burst Step again!’</i>
<i>It’s better than dying here, isn’t it?</i> I sent back, frustration dripping from my voice.
<i>‘There are better options to explore before we use that!’ </i>she hissed as she twisted her large body, avoiding Uto’s attack. She batted the retainer away with her wing before launching herself directly at me. <i>‘Get ready!’</i>
Realizing that she wasn’t going to stop, I leaped and latched myself onto the base of her neck just before she kicked off the ground. We near-instantly cleared a hundred feet and continued to fly higher.
<i>What’s your plan?</i>
<i>‘Like you said, it’s the shade! He’s able to manifest those metal spikes from wherever he wants from the shadows,’</i> she explained, just as we reached the height where the mountain wasn’t blocking the sun.
I winced at the bright rays but I immediately knew what Sylvie had intended.
<i>We were fighting in a giant shadow!</i>
<i>‘Exactly. That’s how he was able to conjure his attacks from wherever he pleased. If we fight him here, he’ll be much more limited in where he can attack.’</i>
I steadily stood up on Sylvie’s back. She and I had never fought together like this. In my previous world, I had to spend hours training to fight on horseback and I imagined that to be much easier than fighting hundreds of feet above the ground on a flying dragon.
I barely had enough time to find my balance on top of Sylvie when Uto appeared just a few feet above us with a black spear in hand.
The once black spear that glistened like metal looked dull now that he had to rely on the shadow his body cast as an anchor for his spells.
Careful not to hurt Sylvie, I pushed myself off her back as I enveloped my body in a spherical whirlwind.
Activating Thunderclap Impulse once more, I barrelled straight into the retainer’s spear. Sylvie had been right; with the lack of shade, his attacks didn’t come from all directions—only from the parts of his body facing away from the sun. Black spikes jutted out of his body, but the spikes weren’t nearly as dense or imposing.
“You’re pretty smart, Pup. I’m glad you know my weakness,” Uto said, his voice muffled by the wind.
It was awkward fighting in the air.<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>Just like how Uto was restrained by the lack of shade, I was limited by the fact that I wasn’t able to fly. Sylvie would maneuver herself around me, acting as a platform to jump off.
<i>Try not to stay too close in case Uto tries to use the shadow your body casts, </i>I sent Sylvie as I rushed in for another attack.
With Thunderclap Impulse’s effects further enhanced by Realmheart, I thought we would be able to win. Trails of ichor leaked from the shallow wounds I managed to inflict on Uto but what unsettled me was his expression.
His face that had once been of manic glee had mellowed into that of... boredom.
“Even with this big handicap, you haven’t been able to land a single meaningful hit,” he said, his voice somber. “It’s... disappointing.”
“Sorry, but I’m not fighting you to impress you,” I spat, spinning around. The fractured tip of Dawn’s Ballad sunk into Uto’s chest. I surged out the mana coalesced into the blade and Uto’s entire body became engulfed in frost, fire, lightning and wind.
I kept my grip on my sword as I felt the two of us starting to drop. For a moment, I thought I had done it. I thought I had killed him.
That was the case... until I saw a black swirl manifest from where my sword embedded into him. My attack managed to destroy most of the bandages he had wrapped himself with only to reveal what looked like piercings.
Little studs of metal were all over his torso and limbs, and to my horror, each of those metal piercings cast their own little shadow around his entire body.
Uto’s horn glowed a purplish-black light while the shadow from his countless piercings spread entirely around his body.
I tried pulling Dawn’s Ballad out from Uto’s chest but no matter how much mana I imbued into my body, I wasn’t strong enough to pry it out.
“If you were able to notice my weakness in the short time we had been playing, don’t you think I would’ve found out about it a long time ago?” His voice came out muffled from the black mask that covered his entire head and face aside from his horns.
“Sylvie!” I said aloud, letting go of Dawn’s Ballad.

My bond immediately repositioned herself to catch me, when a black spike suddenly shot out from Uto’s body.
I siphoned more mana out of my core, manifesting a gauntlet of ice around my right hand as I struck the black projectile. If I dodged it, the attack would’ve hit Sylvie, but I managed to redirect his surprise attack. Rather, I thought I did.
He pointed a finger down as if he was warning me of something. I couldn’t see Uto’s expression from behind his shadow mask, but I swore I could see him smirking.
Less than a second later, I felt the sharp prick of something against my skin coming up from below me.
With the internal lightning-attribute mana art enhancing my reactions, tapping into the mysterious aether around me, I activated the first phase of my dragon’s will.
<i>Aevum,</i> the control over time. With little mastery and insight over this powerful ability, I was able to briefly stop time around me. Lady Myre had said aether could not be manipulated but rather influenced, but in my case, it felt like I was merely tapping into the influence that Sylvia once had over <i>aevum.</i>
Colors flipped while the purple particles of aether around me violently trembled. Uto, Sylvie and even the black spike almost lodged into my back all stopped abruptly. With Uto’s last attack no longer in motion, I was able to whirl my body to avoid the full brunt of the impact.
Releasing Distortion—what I chose to call phase one—was much like letting out my breath after being underwater until the brink of drowning. I was barely able to gather my wits as the black spike flew up, leaving a large gash on my back rather than a gaping hole.
My body hurdled down, but just as I landed on Sylvie’s back, Uto reacted. He flickered just beside me and struck me and my bond with his black fist.
Spiraling down toward the ground like a comet, I flashed in and out of consciousness once more. My entire body was a bundle of agony so I had a hard time discerning which part of me was exactly broken.
Without even the luxury of screaming from the pain, I desperately tried to protect myself and my bond using magic.
<i>Change into your fox form!</i> I cried desperately, but rather than obey, she scrunched her body into a ball, covering me with her arms, neck, body and wings. I could feel the warmth of her underbelly as she gripped me harder.
She let out a growl. <i>‘You don’t have enough mana to take the impact. At least my body will be able to block some of the force.’</i>
<i>Fool, </i>I replied<i>. </i>Even in my thoughts I sounded weak.
I braced myself for the impact but it never came. Rather, I never felt it. By the time I regained consciousness, I was in the center of a crater even more exhausted.
<i>Sylv? </i>I tried to get up, but my body refused to listen.
<i>Sylvie?</i> I sent out once more. No response.
A weak moan escaped my mouth as I turned my body to see that Sylvie’s body was still underneath me, but her limbs were splayed out and there were black spikes everywhere beneath us—ome broken, some jutting out of her.
“No.” I shook my bond.
“Sylvie. Wake up.” I shook harder.
“This isn’t funny anymore. Sylvie!” I rolled off her body, scratching myself on a nearby spike.
“Sylvie, please!” My vision swam and I could feel my heart trying to burst out of my chest.
A wave of panic rushed over me, numbing me from all of my pain. I crawled desperately, trying to lodge her arm out of a large black spike. I grit my teeth, holding back sobs while trying to think of a way to help my bond.
“Aether,” I muttered breathlessly as I held my hands against her body. It was a long shot, but I had to try.
I activated Realmheart once more. Every inch of my body screamed in pain from the backlash but I held on. With the particles of mana and aether visible, I desperately tried to somehow guide the purple particles into Sylvie’s body.
“Please,” I begged.
The purple particles of aether around Sylvie began quivering, as if answering my desperate cry for help. The bits of aether swirled and seeped slowly into Sylvie’s body.
I didn’t know what would happen. I thought that since Sylvie was able to heal me through aether, her body would be able to heal herself through aether as well.
Unable to keep Realmheart active any longer, I sank to my knees, my face against the base of Sylvie’s neck.
“You’re going to be okay,” I breathed. “You <i>have</i> to be okay.”
Several black spikes had pierced through Sylvie’s body and limbs, but I didn’t have the strength to pull them out. I tried striking the black spike that had impaled her, hoping it would come loose from the ground.
I striked. I striked again. I striked until I couldn’t condense mana anymore and my knuckles bled.
“Your beast will live,” a female voice sounded nearby. The voice was calm and mature.
<i>Aya?</i>
Desperate and hopeful, I turned around and looked up, except it wasn’t her. Far from it.
It was a girl, but it wasn’t Aya.
It was the girl I had seen at the cavern in Darv.
The scythe. Except... in her hand was Uto. And he appeared dead.





Chapter 176
Chapter 176: The First Scythe
I stared silently at her.
Sweat drenched my skin and my entire head throbbed. My tongue felt like a rag wrung dry—my body felt fear, but my brain was lost in a web of thoughts. I could feel the gears turning as my brain tried to come up with a scenario in response to this change in events. The conclusion that it came to, however...
There was no way out.
With no mana left in my core, my body on the brink of collapsing from backlash, and my bond incapacitated, I did the only thing I <i>could </i>do. I waited.
I waited for the woman standing near the rim of the crater Sylvie’s body had made. Unlike the retainers that I had seen until now, she looked fundamentally different.
Her hair was long and reflected the sun like liquid amethyst. Unlike the witch, Uto, or Cylrit, whose complexions were varying shades of sickly gray, this woman’s skin had the quality of polished alabaster. Her eyes were as piercing as her long black horns that spiraled up like an impala’s.
Aside from her unnaturally striking appearance, what struck me the most was her aura—or rather, lack of aura.
Unlike when I learned to hide my presence, the scythe’s aura seemed to be there, but contained—contained like a devastating bomb ready to explode. The only time I had felt this was when I had met Lord Indrath. Sylvie’s grandfather and the current leader of the asuras had the same suffocating presence that made everyone wary of when he might explode.
I gulped, which was the biggest movement I’d made since I became aware of the scythe’s arrival.
She remained still, though. That was a good sign. If she wanted to kill me, she could’ve done so by now. I wanted to ask why she was currently holding onto the unconscious or dead Uto by his hair but couldn’t quite work up the nerve to.
I was pretty certain that neither Sylvie nor I had done anything to Uto, which either meant he had exceeded his limits with that last attack or that this scythe had something to do with Uto’s current state. Both options seemed unlikely.
Remaining still, I continued passively gaining mana through mana rotation. My body burned and my core opposed from backlash but I held on. There was nothing I could do no matter how much mana I gained; I couldn’t escape with Sylvie in this condition and there was no way I was going to leave her behind. My brain flickered with the notion that it might be worthwhile to fight against this scythe but that thought was quickly doused by every other fiber of my being.
So I remained in the same exact position, staring at the purple-haired scythe. Dozens of possible scenarios ran through my thoughts but what she did was something that I would’ve never predicted.
Reaching down with her free hand, the scythe snapped off Uto’s horns one by one as if she were plucking flowers. Remaining silent, she casually tossed the two horns at me and my body immediately reacted. As if the horns were bombs—for all I knew, they could be—I scrunched into a ball, protecting my vitals. I positioned myself between the severed horns and my bond in the feeble hopes that I could somehow protect my two-ton dragon, but nothing happened. The two black horns rolled and stopped beside my feet anticlimactically.

Cautious, I left the horns on the ground and locked eyes with the scythe. Her actions didn’t make any sense; from what I had gathered, the Vritra’s horns were an important part of themselves. Why would she do that to her ally?
Just when I thought her actions couldn’t be more unpredictable, the scythe lifted Uto by his hair and pierced through his body with a thin blade of what looked to be pure mana. What surprised me more than the deadly purple blade jutting out of Uto’s sternum was the fact that he remained unconscious.
Whether it was because I was exhausted—physically and mentally—or the scythe had something schemed, I couldn’t make sense of the meaning behind her actions. At this point, I was more shocked by the fact that she was able to so easily pierce through Uto’s core.
Mana and beast cores were dense and hypersensitive parts of the body that became more resilient the higher the user’s stage was. Being able to pierce through it without Uto being in complete agony meant that this scythe had either killed a retainer or done something more than simply knocking him unconscious.
The scythe tossed Uto like a ragdoll down into the crater towards Sylvie and me.
“It was a tough battle but you managed to defeat Uto. You were able to keep him alive but for safety measures, you pierced his core to ensure that he won’t be able to use any mana art. You did this so you could take him back to question and interrogate him,” the scythe said as if reading a script.
My initial response was to ask what was going on, but this scythe seemed like the sort of person that despised needless questions that wasted her time. Through the magical power of deduction, it seemed that she either didn’t agree with this war or she had her own personal agenda. If it meant that I wouldn’t die today, I could work with either reason.
I asked a different question instead.
“Would it be too much to ask for your name?” I muttered, my voice betraying any sort of confidence I was trying to project.
There was a slight rise to one of her brows, but that was the only change in her expression she exhibited—outwardly, at least.
After a slight pause, she answered with a deadpan expression. “Seris Vritra.”
Pushing myself up off the ground, I managed to sit up with my back propped up against Sylvie’s body. My body felt like it weighed as much as Sylvie but I did my best to appear poised.
“Thank you, Seris Vritra. I won’t forget this kindness.” I dipped my head respectfully. It wasn’t clear whether this scythe was an enemy or ally. She seemed like neither, but nonetheless she had saved my life along with Sylvie’s. For that, the least I could do was thank her regardless of her race and stance in this war.
Seris cracked open a slight smile. “Peculiar boy.”
The scythe turned, preparing to leave, but just before she disappeared she said, “For both our sakes, get stronger—fast. Uto’s horns will be an invaluable resource for you if you can manage to extract his mana stored inside.”
Wide-eyed, I gingerly scooped up the two fist-sized horns and stored them inside my ring. By the time I looked back up, Seris had disappeared.

I wasn’t sure if it was because Uto was unconscious or because Seris had destroyed Uto’s core, but the bed of black spikes that Sylvie had protected me from with her own body crumbled. Sylvie’s wounds were already closing and her breathing became more relaxed. I thought white core mages healed fast, but Sylvie’s rate of recovery was actually visible.
With the worry of my bond dying out here now gone, I focused my attention on the unconscious and bleeding retainer. Dawn’s Ballad was still pierced through his chest, but it slid out easily when I gave it a tug. My sword hardly left a gash on Uto’s body, yet Seris’s seemingly nonchalant attack was able to easily pierce through Uto’s body and core.
“It looks like I have quite a bit to go before I try to take on another retainer, let alone a scythe,” I muttered to myself. I hated to admit it but with the appearance of Seris, I had completely lost my will to fight back. It had been a while since I had felt so helpless and this time as well, it wasn’t a good feeling.

With enough mana gathered, I attempted to use magic. When I did, my core churned, sending me in a fit of agony. Mana burned as I channeled it through my body but I was able to encase Uto’s body in ice.
Despite almost dying on several different occasions just moments ago, there was a sense of calm that surrounded me. There were things that I should’ve been doing right now: helping Aya if her battle hadn’t already ended, informing Mica about Olfred’s betrayal, but right now, I couldn’t. In this weakened state, I couldn’t help them even if I wanted to, so I relented to my body’s wish and rested.
I leaned my back heavily against Sylvie’s body, her rhythmic breathing almost therapeutic. I usually never let myself fall into delusions and thoughts of wistful fantasies, but right now, I felt like I deserved it. Letting my thoughts drift, I allowed myself to imagine my life after the war. I allowed myself some happy thoughts, even if they wouldn’t necessarily come true.
Thoughts of myself, grown up—maybe even sporting a beard—with a family of my own. Tess’ face popped into my mind, and immediately I resisted the urge to continue my reverie. But I deserved this little fantastical break.
So I let the scenes continue. Tess looked older, more mature but still dazzlingly beautiful. She smiled brightly at something I’d just said, her cheeks with just a slight tinge of red. She tucked a loose strand of hair behind her ear before glancing upward at me with a coy gaze. She took a single step toward me, but suddenly we were chest to chest. Tess got on her toes as she closed her eyes. Her blush deepened and her long lashes quivered.
Just as she pursed her lips, Tessia was suddenly ripped out of my arms. I was surrounded by darkness but I was able to vaguely make out the figure of the person standing in front of me, just a few feet away.
It was me. The <i>former </i>me.
<i>What makes you think you can have this happiness—that you deserve this happiness? </i>The former me spoke, or rather, a formless voice echoed from its location.
<i>After what you did to them, do you think you can just forget and move on? They died because of your choices. They paid the price for your selfishness. </i>
<i>Whether you’re King Grey or Arthur Leywin, you can only exist alone. </i>
<i>Whether you’re King Grey or Arthur... </i>
<i>... Grey or Arthur... </i>

<i>... Arthur...</i>
“Arthur!”
I jolted awake. In front of me was Aya.
Her expression immediately untensed and a flicker of relief shone in her eyes. “You wouldn’t wake up no matter how hard I shook you. I was beginning to worry that something happened during the fight.”
“I’m just a bit tired.” I mustered a smile to reassure her.
Aya nodded. “I’m glad you’re okay.”
Staring at the elven lance, I noticed that her face was much paler than it usually was, but besides that there weren’t any visible wounds. “How did it go on your side?”
Aya’s expression darkened. “A few of the Alacryan soldiers were able to escape. As for the traitor, I was able to execute him.”
Traitor. Execute. I mulled over the elf’s choice of words. It was as if she was distancing herself from the fact that she had killed a former comrade. I couldn’t blame her; Olfred’s death left a bitter taste in my mouth, but Aya had worked alongside Olfred longer than I had.
“What about Mica?” I asked.
Aya shook her head. “I came here straight after finishing my job at the Alacryan’s hidden base to help you, but I see that it was unnecessary.”
For a brief moment, I thought of telling the lance about Seris and how she had helped me, but I chose not to. There was no hard reasoning behind it, but I wanted to know more about Seris before saying anything. “It was a hard battle, but I was able to defeat him with Sylvie’s help.”
There was a flash of doubt in Aya’s eyes but she immediately recovered with a curt nod. “I’m glad the both of you got through this in one piece. We’ve won.”
“Thanks,” I said, petting Sylvie’s body. “It doesn’t feel like we won though. We managed to bring down a retainer but along with it, a member of the Council and a lance—maybe even two.”
“I think it’s safe to leave it at just one lance,” Aya replied as she idly stared at Uto, whose frozen body I had left upright.
“So Mica wasn’t a part of it?”
Aya shook her head. “She still needs to be questioned but I highly doubt it.”
I let out a sigh, resting my head against Sylvie’s body. I could feel my bond in my thoughts again—a mixture of emotions that she was feeling inside her dreams.
“With Rahdeas’ arrest and Mica’s questioning along with this retainer’s interrogation, It’s going to be hectic when we get back to the castle,” I said, more to myself than to Aya.
The lance let out a soft chuckle as she stretched. “It definitely will be, so get some rest here while you can.”
I smiled weakly at Aya, thinking t there would be too much on my mind to rest: What to think about Seris’ actions; how to utilize the horns to get stronger; and how to explain the recurring nightmares about my past life. However, in the battle between my body and mind, my body prevailed and I succumbed to the compelling lull of sleep.





Chapter 177
Chapter 177: Greying Glimpse
“Next! Cadet Grey, no surname. Please step onto the platform,” said the male researcher with the immaculate lab coat on the other side of the glass.
The researcher’s half-closed eyes never left his clipboard. “Please place your dominant hand on the globe and wait for further instructions.”
I did as instructed while broadening my shoulders and puffing out my chest—as if my posture was going to somehow help me on this test.
“Now, Cadet Grey, the globe is a sensor that will measure your ki level. Please imbue your ki into the sensor until you are given the signal to stop.”
Taking a deep breath, I siphoned the ki out of my sternum and let it flow up and through my right arm into the glass sphere. My ki, which was being measured inside the sensor, looked like droplets of ink inside water. Swirling and expanding inside, I saw the researchers jot down notes with looks of disappointment.
Barely a minute had passed and I was already sweating profusely, my hand trembling on top of the globe.
“You may stop,” the same researcher notified through the intercom, his voice sounding even less impressed than it had in the beginning. “Please proceed to the training grounds for the final part of your assessment.”
I walked out of the door I had come in through, taking a peek back as the researchers discussed my score behind their glass window. The one that had given me the instructions let out a sigh and shook his head.
Walking through the brightly-lit corridor, I stopped at the back of a line that had formed from cadets waiting their turn for the final portion of the assessment.
“Hey... do you know what the last test will be?” The large, bulky young man in front of me in line asked nervously.
“We went through tests that measured our mental acuity, physical strength and just now our ki. Just by process of elimination, this last one can only be <i>that</i>.”
The muscular teen’s eyes lit up in realization before he grinned smugly. “Oh...<i> that!</i> Haha! I’m good at <i>that</i>.”
I let out a small laugh in amusement at the simpleton’s change in attitude. It was the same for me—I was also good at <i>that</i>.
The line started moving again and we filed into a large auditorium with a ceiling at least a hundred feet high. There were already a fair amount of cadets gathered in designated locations with an instructor leading each group. My eyes scanned the area in hopes of finding Nico or Cecilia, but I couldn’t find either of them.
There was also an instructor at the front of our line, guiding each of the new cadets to a different group. The instructor pointed to his right at a crowd of nervous cadets near the far corner and the bulky boy in front of me confidently swaggered to his assigned group.
“Cadet Grey, no surname,” the instructor read.
I stifled the urge to scowl every time a faculty member pointed out the fact that I had no family name. Why did that matter here?
“Proceed to Group 4C halfway to the far left corner of the auditorium. The floor is marked for your convenience,” the instructor said, pointing to the appropriate location.
I gave him a curt nod and walked to my group, which was a hodgepodge of approximately a dozen men and women of all different sizes and builds. A petite girl that looked around my age stood confidently with her arms crossed. She purposely leaked traces of her ki so everyone around her could feel it. A toned boy with neatly cropped hair stood tall with an arrogant smirk. Judging by the crest pinned to his chest pocket, he was from a military family. No doubt he was raised to be a prominent member of the military—perhaps even a contender to challenge the spot for king.
Amidst the group was our instructor—a heavyset man that looked to be in his forties with a mustache better groomed than his thinning hair.
“Cadet Grey?” the instructor asked with a raised brow as he read off his clipboard.
“Yes, sir,” I nodded respectfully. No point in being brusque with the man responsible for determining my stature inside this military academy.
“Okay! Looks like everyone’s here then,” he said, tucking his clipboard in his armpit and clasping his hands. “Hello everyone. You may all refer to me as Instructor Gredge. Before we begin, I’d like to say a few words.”
The cadets in our group shuffled around him in a circle so everyone could see.
“As many of you might’ve guessed, this last portion of the entry exam will be practical combat. I have every one of this group’s ki level results here and, while I will not disclose anyone’s ki level, I’ll tell you now that they all differ. Part of practical combat means that you will not always have the luxury of being able to fight someone with the same level of ki as you. Sometimes you will be lucky and be faced with an opponent that can barely strengthen his fist—”

A few cadets in our group snickered at that.<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>
“Other times, you will come across situations where the opponent has a much larger ki pool than you do,” the instructor continued, holding up his clipboard once more. “Regardless, you will be judged on your ability to adapt accordingly and most importantly, prevail.”
We exchanged glances amongst our group before a scrawny teen that looked a few years older than me raised his arm and spoke. “Are the rumors that cadets can die during this test true?”
Instructor Gredge scratched his beard. “Highly unlikely. The weapons here are blunted and softened. Also, I’ll be carefully monitoring the fights and intervene when necessary.”
There were a few cadets in the group that were still anxious despite the instructor’s reassurance. I couldn’t blame them. The difference in ki levels made a huge difference in strength and agility—enough that even a softened weapon could be deadly.
The instructor cleared his throat to get our attention. “As all of you know, the entry exam is important in determining and securing a cadet’s future in this academy. Those who do well here will be well supported by the academy and be given resources to further their skills while those who fail will be neglected and eventually expelled. It’s unfair but that’s also the way of life. I’d ask if any of you have any questions but we’re short on time so let’s begin.”
Our plump instructor waved his hand, motioning for some of the stray cadets in our group to get out of the way. He then dug out a key from his pocket and inserted it into the wall. That was when I noticed the faint seams in the ground.
The wall slid open to reveal a weapon rack, while at the same time, panes of glass-like material erected from the thin seams in the ground. Within seconds, an area of roughly thirty square feet was enclosed by the clear walls that rose dozens of feet high.
“First up will be Cadet Janice Creskit against Cadet Twain Burr. Pick out a weapon of your choice and enter the arena.” Instructor Gredge motioned at the door and the panes slid open.
The small-framed girl that was flaunting her ki picked out a blunted spear while the scrawny teen that had just asked the instructor whether it was possible to die carefully handled a shield and sword. The two of them followed the instructor inside the enclosed area, the panes closing behind him.
“Glancing blows will be ignored and I will judge whether or not the match will stop or not. Until then, fight to your heart’s content.” Our instructor placed himself in between Janice and the anxious Twain. “Begin!”
Twain jumped back and immediately fell into a defensive stance, holding his fiberglass shield up while keeping his blunted sword close to his body.
Janice, on the other hand, lunged at her opponent. A muted thud resounded as her spear clashed with Twain’s shield, but she didn’t relent. With no regard for her safety, she let loose a wild set of thrusts, pushing back Twain with each one.
The petite girl lashed out like a cat, quick and agile but too emotional. Twain, although his knitted brows showed uncertainty, seemed to have caught on to this when he timed his next block to parry away Janice’s spear.
She staggered just a step, but that was all Twain needed. He quickly swung his sword and hit her square in the shoulder. I expected her to writhe in pain or at least recoil, but despite the direct hit, a translucent layer of ki protected Janice’s shoulder.
With a smug grin plastered on Cadet Janice’s face, she smacked away Twain’s sword with her hand and tackled him with the same shoulder that had just received the hit. Twain buckled. Janice followed up by swiping her weapon at Twain’s legs, sweeping him off his feet—literally.
The scrawny teen fell to the floor and just before Janice brought down the head of her spear into Twain’s face, Instructor Gredge intercepted.
“Match over. Both cadets return to the rest of the group,” he said unceremoniously, letting go of the spear.
There was a moment of silence as our instructor jotted a few things onto his clipboard while Twain and Janice walked out of the arena.
“As this is an exam and not a class, we will not be debriefing the happenings of this match. You may choose to speculate amongst yourselves. In the meantime, Cadet Grey and Cadet Vlair of House Ambrose, please pick out a weapon from the rack and come.”
Murmurs resounded from our group upon hearing the name ‘Ambrose.’
The toned, good-looking boy that looked just around my age walked over to Janice.
“May I use the spear?” he asked, holding his hand out.
The girl that had just fought like a feral cat suddenly turned tame as she handed him the blunted spear. “S-Sure.”
I picked out a sword about half the width of the one that Twain had used before walking into the enclosed area.
“That’s it, Cadet Grey?” Vlair asked with a raised brow. “The sword you chose is usually paired with a brace or another sword.”
I shook my head. “I’m fine like this.”

“Suit yourself,” Vlair said with a shrug.
“Begin.” Instructor Gredge signaled with a wave of his clipboard.
Unlike Janice, Vlair took on a much more neutral stance with his spear. I wasn’t all too familiar with forms for the particular weapon but just on instinct alone, I knew he was much better trained with the weapon than Janice was.

I tightened my grip around my weapon but kept the blade low. Vlair’s eyes narrowed, almost as if he was insulted that I hadn’t taken a proper stance.
With a scoff, my opponent dashed forward. His weapon became a blur but my body knew where it was going to be. I dodged his first thrust with just the slightest twitch of my head and I ducked underneath the quick swipe that followed after.
The following minute continued with Vlair unable to land a single hit on me. I knew that a single hit would probably be the end of me for this duel but I had to save my limited ki for when I could actually attack. Meanwhile, Vlair had a consistent aura of ki enveloping his body and weapon which was impressive. The previous cadets were able to protect themselves with ki to a certain extent, Janice more so than Twain, but to be able to extend his ki into his weapon at our age was something that came with both talent and hard work.
His blunted spear whistled past my cheek with practiced precision but I allowed my body to do its work. His movements were blurred and he seemed to be using a technique that bent and curved his spear for a wider range of attacks, but he was still slow—at least to me. Unlike the attackers that tried to kidnap Cecilia, he lacked the fear-inducing ferocity that they had.
Despite growing used to this sensation over the years, it was still odd the way my body moved seamlessly with my thoughts. I knew this was an unfair skill to have but I saw it more as evening out the playing field for my ever-shallow ki pool.
As Mr. Ambrose kept attacking, his precise combination of attacks soon became laced with emotions. Frustration and impatience took over, dulling his attacks and leaving his body more open. I took advantage of that fact and went in. Strengthening the ball of my foot with ki, I dashed forward after redirecting his spear up so his ribs were exposed on his right side.
I swung my sword, hitting him cleanly just below his armpit. Vlair’s body reeled from the impact but I could tell by the sensation just now that it didn’t do much because of the rich layer of ki protecting him.
“Enough. Match over,” Instructor Gredge declared.
“What? That hit barely tickled! I can still fight!” Vlair retorted, anger in his eyes.
“There is no victory in these matches, Cadet Ambrose. I have seen enough from both of you, which is why I’m concluding this match,” our instructor said, annoyance evident in his tone.
He glanced at me. “I disagree that you’ve seen enough. The kid just landed a lucky blow.”
Instructor Gredge shook his head. “The lucky blow was made <i>after </i>you failed to land a single hit for exactly a minute and eight seconds. Now before you are docked even more points, please make your way out of the arena so the other cadets can have a chance.”
Vlair stared daggers at both me and our instructor but walked out after tossing his spear on the ground.
The exams ended soon after, giving the cadets some time to rest and eat while the results board was uploaded.
“Is this seat taken? Of course it isn’t,” a familiar voice asked and answered from behind. Nico nudged me with his elbow before sitting down across from me, his hands carrying the same tray of food that I had received and was currently eating from. Cecilia followed close behind, shooting me a smile before she sat down next to Nico.
I ignored Nico’s little tease, swallowing my steamed vegetables before asking, “How did your guys’ tests go? Did the amulet work?”
Cecilia held up her right hand to show me the little coin-sized pin in the center of her palm. “It worked like a charm. Judging by the testers’ reaction, I was probably somewhere around average, to not-significantly-above-average.”
“I should’ve named the amulet the not-significantly-above-average ki displayer!” Nico chuckled as he pointed his fork at me. “I told you it’d work.”
I respected Nico’s resilience and ability to adapt. Nico was undoubtedly affected by Headmaster Wilbeck’s death, but he didn’t let that get to him for long. He bounced back and pushed us—especially me—to keep working toward a goal. I know that oftentimes, he jokes to cover his emotions but I think that his wittiness was much needed in our group.
I nodded. “I’m glad it did... although I still think it would’ve been best if you two went into a regular school. It’s not too late I thi—”
“And I told you that we’re sticking together,” Nico cut in. His eyes flickered with intensity for a moment but then loosened. “Besides, this place has a research facility and several workshops available to the engineering department students.”
“Nico’s right,” Cecilia chimed in, fiddling with but not really eating her food. “We all have things we can learn by being here.”
“Fine, but we have to be careful.” I lowered my voice and scooted closer to my friends. “We don’t know exactly what group or organization was after Cecilia.”

“You’re worrying too much,” Nico dismissed. “The new ki restrainer that I built should last long enough for me to scrounge around for a few parts here and make a more stable one.”
We talked for a bit longer but our eyes kept shifting back to the large clock above the kitchen. It wasn’t just us—everyone was anxious for the announcement.
Nico pushed away his tray of food. “Well I can’t eat any more of this rat turd. Want to just head to the board now?”
“Sure,” I said. “We might be able to get a better spot.”
We made our way out of the hall and back outside. The sun shined brightly overhead but, with only buildings and artificial trees and shrubs surrounding us, the academy felt stifling.
“Are the engineering cadets separated into divisions as well?” I asked Nico on our way.
My friend swayed his head side to side. “Yes and no. We, the more <i>intellectual </i>cadets, still have to use ki to create tools and gadgets so there is priority given to those who have a large ki pool, but it’s not as heavily weighed as you martial cadets. I’ll either be placed in first division, which is the fast track, or second division.”
“I wish it was that simple for us,” Cecilia sighed. “Why is it that martial cadets have divisions that go all the way down to five?”
Nico shrugged. “The way of life. Anyway, I hope you two get into the same division if not the same class. That way, Grey, you can mess up any boy who comes too close to Cecilia.”
I couldn’t help but smile at that. Nico said it lightly but I could tell he was embarrassed at his words. Even after all these years, Nico still hasn’t said anything about his feelings for Cecilia.
By the time we arrived at the large courtyard where the board would be updated, there was already a large crowd of cadets trying to inch as close to the board as possible.
“Looks like everyone here had the same idea as us,” Cecilia muttered.
“No choice but to plow through,” Nico said as he pushed me forward. “Lead the way, cadet!”
After ten minutes of squeezing through hundreds of cadets, we made it close enough to the board where we could read the large words being loaded up onto the screen.
“Nico, your bottom lip is bleeding!” Cecilia exclaimed. “Did you get hit?”
“Alas, I did not come out unscathed after taking a stray elbow to my face in order to protect you!” Nico said dramatically.
I shook my head. “Nico chews his lip when he’s nervous, frustrated, concentrating or all of the above. He probably bit down too hard.”
Nico clicked his tongue. “Smartass.”
Just then, the screen flickered and lit up. Words—names and numbers—appeared on the screen in rows. The cadets behind us pushed us forward as they all tried to get as close as possible to find their names.
I found Nico’s fairly easily. He was placed in division one, class one—the highest tier. I saw Vlair Ambrose’s name next; he was division one class five of the martial cadet list, meaning he had barely made it to first division. Cecilia’s name came into view next but the restrained squeal of delight she had let out told me she had found her name as well.
I looked down, searching for my name, but my heart sank the lower my line of sight fell since the lower the name appeared, the lower their division and class was. Cecilia’s name had appeared fairly early since she had been placed in division two, class four, but by the time I found my name, I knew my goal of excelling in the academy and getting strong enough to find and take down the people or group that killed Headmaster Wilbeck was going to be much harder than I thought.
I mumbled my name and division, saying it over and over just in case I had read wrong. “Grey. Division four, class one.”
<span class="s1"><b>ARTHUR LEYWIN</b></span>
My eyes crept open to see the familiar ceiling of my room back in the floating castle. I was thankful that I hadn’t experienced another nightmare, but this dream still left an incredibly bitter taste in my mouth.
“Time to get up, Syl”—I stopped myself, remembering that my bond was in the medical ward of the castle.
Yesterday seemed more like a dream than the dream that I actually just had. Fortunately, the journey back was only to the nearest major city that had a teleportation gate. Several soldiers had to help carry Sylvie from the site of our battle through the gate, but she was able to safely make it back and get treated.
I wasn’t able to see Mica at all since she had been taken into custody for questioning. Varay and Bairon had gone to meet with the dwarven lance in case she chose to fight back but she came back here willingly. By the time I had come back here midday, Rahdeas had already been placed into one of the cells to be interrogated at a later time along with Uto.
Staring outside as I stood in the shower, I realized that it was early morning, which meant that I had slept through the rest of the day and through the night. My body still felt sluggish and hot from backlash but sleeping for over eighteen hours seemed to have done wonders for me.
As I got out of the shower, I heard footsteps stopping in front of my room. The person didn’t even have the chance to knock when I called out, “Who is it?”
An unfamiliar woman’s voice sounded from the other side of the door. “General Arthur. I was given instructions to help you get ready and escort you to the meeting hall.”
Looking down at my dripping body covered in scars, I suddenly felt uncomfortable at the thought of someone staring at them. The scars on my neck and left hand the witch-like retainer had left me with were the worst, but they were just two of many that littered my body. Mana and Sylvie’s dragon will helped my recovery rate tremendously, but it just meant that scars formed faster to seal the wounds, not make skin pearly new.
“I’m almost done so wait outside for just a minute,” I said, hurriedly putting on trousers and a tunic with a high collar before covering my hands with thin gloves. It wasn’t necessary to hide my scars since the traitors had been captured, but I felt better doing so.
Making sure Dawn’s Ballad was safely inside my dimension ring along with Uto’s severed horns, I readied my mind for the endless strategic meetings and questionings soon to come.





Chapter 178
Chapter 178: Strategic Conduct
The short walk to the meeting room was filled with an awkward silence between me and the immaculately-dressed elven secretary.
I wanted to stop by my sister’s room, but the elf insisted that the meeting take precedence. My eyes drifted and I found myself looking for anyone familiar—mostly Tess. It was probably because of that damned scene I imagined of us hugging each other, about to kiss.
To my disappointment and worry, the secretary informed me that Tessia and her team had gone back to their post in the Beast Glades.
“When did they leave?” I asked.
“They departed yesterday at sunrise, General Arthur,” she replied almost robotically just before stopping in front of the closed meeting room.
The guard on each side of the wooden door immediately stepped aside, sliding open the entrance upon seeing the two of us approach.
The two guards thumped the hilts of their spears on the ground in salute. “General.”
I walked into the circular room after dismissing the secretary, meeting the gaze of the Council and the other lances.
It didn’t take long for the meeting to begin once we had all gathered—minus Aldir, our missing ambassador for the asuras. However, with Rahdeas and Olfred no longer in the Council, the once cramped meeting room seemed eerily spacious.
We had barely taken our seats when King Glayder unleashed his anger. Slamming his fists on the circular table we were currently sitting around, the burly king roared, “What was the point of Lord Aldir taking control of the artifact if he was just going to run off to who knows where!”
“This isn’t the time to be blowing up on something we can’t change,” Alduin snapped in irritation.
“He’s right,” Priscilla Glayder agreed. “There are more urgent things we need to cover if we are to recover ourselves from this setback.”
Blaine looked at his wife incredulously but the queen ignored her husband’s gaze.
Merial, who sat beside her husband, finally peeled her eyes off of the stack of parchment she had been going through and spoke. “I’ve gathered and read through several accounts of what transpired, one of which was from Aya, but I think it’s best we start with Arthur’s account of what happened.”
“I agree,” Virion spoke, turning his tired gaze to me. The man had been old for as long as I had known him, but these past few years had really taken a toll on his body and psyche. This was evidenced by the deep dark bags under his eyes and the way his face had contorted into a perpetual frown.
Blaine’s deep red hair was practically ablaze as he leaned back in his seat, simmering like a flame eager to be fed the fuel to unleash his anger once more.
“Sure,” I said, resting my arms on the table. Normally, the lances stood behind their respective artifact holder but with the extra seats available and the fact that even standing took a toll on my fatigued body, I was allowed to sit down.
Recapping the events starting from the day Olfred, Mica and I set off on our mission didn’t take long. The members of the Council stopped me every once in a while if they needed clarification or further details but otherwise let me talk.
Aside from omitting the detail that I wasn’t the one that had defeated Uto, but rather his ally, I told the Council everything I knew. By the end of my story, Virion nodded thoughtfully.
“How is it that Arthur, who’s not yet reached the white-core stage, was able to defeat not one but two retainers while a lance had been killed so helplessly?” Blaine asked, suspicion laced in his voice.
Virion’s eyes narrowed. “What are you trying to gain by being so skeptical of General Arthur?”
“Perhaps knowing how he had come out victorious on both accounts can better prepare the rest of the lances in future battles against the retainers and scythes,” Blaine said with a shrug.
Priscilla put a placating hand on her husband’s arm, trying to intervene. “Dear—”
“King Blaine has a point,” I cut in. “The first retainer I had fought against wasn’t as strong as Uto—the retainer that we now have imprisoned. Even then, I came out with these scars and a broken sword that had been forged by an asura.”

Everyone besides Virion showed some form of surprise on their face when I took off the glove on my left hand and pulled down on my tunic to expose my neck, but none of them said a word.
I continued. “Uto, on the other hand, had the ability to kill me and Sylvie on sight but that wasn’t what he was after. That particular Vritra’s only motivation seemed to be enjoying a good battle. When I didn’t seem to be that much of a threat, he lowered his guard to try and incite me into a fit of rage by threatening to kill those close to me. Sylvie and I were able to capitalize on his carelessness and destroy his horns.”
“How did you know that destroying a Vritra’s horns would have any effect on their ability to fight?” a clear voice rang from behind Priscilla. The one to ask the question was Varay Aurae.
I shook my head. “I didn’t. I doubt even the asuras knew, otherwise they would’ve told us. But I remember the late lance, Alea, mentioning how furious Uto had gotten when she chipped off a fragment of his horn.”
My lie wasn’t the most well-thought-out, but bringing up Alea seemed to convince even Blaine and Bairon, who had both been studying me critically throughout my story. It felt wrong deceiving everyone, especially Virion. But I didn’t trust anyone at this point and I knew that telling Virion now—without any idea of what the Seris’ goal was—would only burden the commander more.
“The retainer’s power seemed to diminish significantly after we destroyed his horns”—I emphasized ‘destroyed’—“and we were soon able to barely overpower him. After securing Uto, the only thing I remember is General Aya waking me up.”
“Thank you for the explanation,” Virion said after a brief pause. “Queen Priscilla, would you like to go over the next matter of business?”
With a nod, the queen spoke. “The most crucial factor in this war right now is the alliance with the dwarves. With Rahdeas imprisoned and held for questioning, we have no one to effectively lead the dwarves. Furthermore, after General Arthur’s reconnaissance in Darv, it’s obvious that either a faction, or multiple factions are willfully assisting the Alacryan army.”
“What if we send some military forces from Sapin into Darv to oversee the dwarves?” Alduin suggested.
King Blaine, who had since calmed down, shook his head. “Military presence from the humans would only frighten the dwarves more into thinking that we want to control them. Things will get even more out of hand if we force our way into this.”
An idea flickered in my mind but seeing the rest of the lances relatively silent, I wasn’t sure whether I had the authority to weigh in. It might’ve just been that the three lances present weren’t knowledgeable in wide-scale military and political tactics given their focus on combat. Regardless, I started off with a question. “Was Rahdeas’ capture made public?”
King Blaine raised a brow. “No, it wasn’t. Part of this meeting was to discuss how to handle the traitor and the fact that we’re down one lance and can’t replace him because our ambassador of the asuras has gone on a little vacation.”
“Then why not use that to our advantage?” I suggested, hoping someone would catch on.
Thankfully, Virion did. His face lit up the way it had when Tessia and I were just children. “Brilliant! Arthur, remind me never to fight a war against you.”
Virion didn’t have to explain much before everyone else in the room caught on and even offered insights on how to actualize my inkling of an idea. The people here were smart after all.
Basically, the Council would put on the guise that Rahdeas was never captured. They would have to make Rahdeas spill how he communicated with his people but after doing so, they’d be able to send out orders as if it were from Rahdeas himself.
“We wouldn’t be able to do anything radical like have them immediately go against the Alacryans, since Rahdeas had been so adamant on helping them, but we can at least secure information by posing as him,” Merial said excitedly.
The atmosphere in the room became a bit lighter as hope slowly bubbled up. The next list on the agenda was discussing how to proceed with General Mica’s questioning and Uto’s interrogation.
“General Mica’s questioning will be held by me, while General Aya will be handling the Vritra we have imprisoned,” Virion announced. “However, Rahdeas’ interrogation should take precedence at this point to secure the dwarves’ allegiance. Anyone think otherwise?”
The rest of us shook our heads. We all agreed; getting control of Darv was crucial in winning this war.
“Good,” Virion continued. “Then we’ll discuss the details regarding General Mica’s and the retainer’s questioning in our next meeting.”
The Council continued, covering several more items on the agenda, most of which pertained to the condition of a particular city.
Merial, who had been organizing the stacks of parchment around her area, pulled out the next subject to discuss. Her glance flickered to me as she hesitated a second before handing the piece of paper to her father-in-law.
Virion’s lips were in a grim line while reading the report but by the time he had finished reading, there was a look of relief on his face. “The next order of business is the supply road. There was another attack on one of our carriages transporting supplies to the Wall. Thankfully, the carriage had been close enough to Blackbend City that reinforcements were able to get there in time.”
“How many deaths?” Priscilla asked.
“Three deaths and four injured, all of whom were merchants employed by the Helstea group,” Merial read aloud.

“Damn those dwarves,” King Blaine muttered angrily. “As if the Alacyrans weren’t a pain in the ass to begin with! Because of them, our enemies have access to their underground network that leads to who knows how far up the southern border of my kingdom.”
A bad feeling crept in at the mention of the Helstea name, but all things considered, the damage could’ve been worse. “Well, thankfully they were able to get back up in time.”
Merial looked up at me and paused for a beat. “Yes. It also helped that the party tasked with protecting the carriage had an emitter with them—Alice Leywin.”

I thought I had misheard for a moment, but by the tense gazes of those around me, I knew I hadn’t.
Virion spoke first in a reassuring tone. “Like the report said, none of the Twin Horns were killed.”
The only thing I was able to muster at that point was a weary nod. The old elf’s voice sounded muffled against the throbbing of the blood rushing to my head. Virion had just said my parents and the Twin Horns were alive, but it felt like I was overcome with a feeling of just barely avoiding death. Suddenly, those three deaths that Merial had read aloud sounded much more real. It could’ve been them and I wouldn’t have been able to do anything about it.
“Arthur?” a concerned voice rang.
Snapping out of my daze, I looked back at the commander. “Sorry, I’m okay. Please continue.”
I had a thousand questions but they were all personal. My parents and I had had a less-than-ideal parting. My selfishness of wanting them hidden safely within the castle hadn’t helped to mend our still-healing relationship after I had revealed my secret. They had told me they wanted to help out in the war, but the thought of them actually being in danger had never resurfaced until now.
The temptation of just leaving this room and going down to the surface to meet my parents grew, but I knew they would disapprove of me abandoning my duties to just check in on them. Reluctantly, I focused my attention back on the matter at hand.
The Council was discussing a better way to optimize the supply routes from Blackbend, the major city near the southeast corner of Sapin, to the Wall.
“How about an underground route?” King Alduin suggested, pointing near the center of the map that they had just unrolled.
King Blaine shook his head, leaning forward and pointing below the area where Blackbend was located. “The city is too close to the Kingdom of Darv. There will probably already be dozens of underground passages that the dwarves have dug in over time. It’ll be too dangerous to try that until we secure our alliance with them.”
“What’s Blackbend like?” I asked, taking a close look at the map.
“The economy in Blackbend centers around potato farmers from nearby villages and adventurers because of how close it is to the Beast Glades. The city is currently responsible for the supply of rations as well as the manufacturing of weapons—mainly arrows—for the soldiers,<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>which is why it’s crucial for there to be a secure mode of transport to the Wall,” Queen Priscilla answered seriously.
“The terrain around it is mostly flat farmland, which makes it hard for carriages carrying supplies to go unnoticed,” Bairon added, speaking for the first time in this meeting.
“Thank you,” I said to them both. The queen’s knowledge was informative but it also made me realize that my question was vague. Bairon’s answer was what I needed to know.
As the Council discussed more ideas on how to better secure the supply route, my mind drifted to ways the people of this world wouldn’t be able to consider. Thinking back to the ship that I had helped Gideon design a few years back, I looked at the map. Unfortunately,<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>there was no river near the Wall or Blackbend City but it gave me an idea.
“King Blaine,” I called out, interrupting their discussion. “How many dwarves adept in metal manipulation do you have that can help us?”
“There are numerous metal mages—or metal shapers as they call themselves—among the dwarves, but ones that are trustworthy enough for a large task”—the king paused to think for a second—“a handful, maybe.”
Queen Priscilla nodded in agreement.
Without pause I turned to Tess’ father. “King Alduin, how many elves adept in nature magic can you gather?”
The elven king looked at his wife as he rubbed his cleanly-shaven chin.
Merial began looking through another pile of papers when Aya spoke up. “Four, currently on standby. The rest are currently on missions.”
“What’s this about?” Virion asked.

“Let me get back to you once I sort out the logistics of this idea with Gideon,” I said absentmindedly, the gears in my mind working furiously as I reasoned how this plan would ultimately speed up the process of transporting supplies as well as keep the passengers and workers—mainly my parents and the Twin Horns—safe.<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>
The meeting concluded soon after and I got up to leave the stifling room when Virion held me back. “Before we depart, I wanted to address something.”
I stood silently waiting for him to continue, curious.
“During times of war, it’s impossible to reward every deed accomplished. However, I think that slaying not one, but two retainers”—the commander shifted his gaze from me to Aya—“as well as eliminating a dangerous traitor and subduing a scheme that could’ve potentially killed thousands of civilians, calls for a reward of some kind.”<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>
“Thank you, Commander Virion,” Aya said politely. “But what I did was to help us win this war, not for a personal reward.”
Virion nodded. “General Arthur? What about you?”
I’d learned from my past life that, in situations like this, it’s best to dismiss the reward and just thank him for his kindness, but this was also the perfect opportunity to address something that had been weighing on my mind since this last battle against Uto.
“Actually, there is something that I would like—rather, a few things,” I said innocently.
The two kings and queens looked at me in surprise, but Virion simply let out a chuckle. “Very well, let me hear them!”
<p class="p1">——————————-
I made my way to Ellie’s room, so we could visit Sylvie together, feeling much more light-hearted—happy, even. <span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>
Even Virion was stunned at first when I told him that I wanted to withhold going on missions for the near future. I didn’t blame him; we had just lost a lance, possibly two. Having another one saying he wanted a break would take a huge toll on our side.
However, I needed some time to train, and after explaining that, with the war escalating at the pace it was, I wouldn’t have much chance to later on. He agreed... somewhat.
“Two months is the most I can offer, and even then I can’t promise that you won’t be sent out if something major occurs,” he had said reluctantly.
‘Something major’ seemed a bit ambiguous but it was fair.
“In addition, since you won’t be going on missions, you’ll be required to take part in the Council meetings,” he had added. “If the past is any indication, I know having you here—weighing in your thoughts—will prove useful.”
This was a bit harder to swallow. One of the few things I dreaded now and in my previous life was meetings like the one today. However, I needed time to study and absorb Uto’s horns that the scythe had referred to as an ‘invaluable resource.’
“Out of curiosity, how do you plan on training here in the castle?” Alduin had asked before I left.
“It’s part of what I need next as my reward,” I had answered holding up four fingers. “I need four conjurers, each of different elemental affinity.”
“Four?” Virion had repeated. The members of the Council were obviously confused but I knew by the glimmer in the lances’ eyes that they understood what I had planned.
<p class="p1">——————————-
The halls were empty so my walk to Ellie’s room went uninterrupted. I thought of how to greet my baby sister. I knew it was hard for her waiting for me and our parents, not knowing when we’d come back. So being the considerate brother that I am, I knocked on the large wooden door that had been remodeled to fit her bond, and in a shrill breathy voice, I wailed, “Ellie... It is the ghost of your brother. I have come to haunt you!”
I didn’t need to be a genius to deduce that my sister was less than amused when she coldly muttered from the other side of the door, “Boo, attack.”
Unfortunately, it was only after a 700-pound bear came charging at me that I realized that perhaps my sister’s sense of humor more resembled that of our mother.
My body flew back to the other end of the hall as Boo’s body slammed against me. More impressed that the walls hadn’t crumbled from the impact, I pushed the hulking mana beast at arms-length.
“Good to see you too, buddy,” I chuckled wearily, avoiding the pool of drool forming underneath him.
The beast let out a grunt, spraying a mixture of saliva and froth on my face.
“Ghost? Really, Brother?” my sister grumbled, her arms crossed in mock-anger.
I pushed aside Boo and wiped my dripping face with a sleeve. “Haha, I can’t say I didn’t deserve that.”
It didn’t take long for Ellie’s stern scowl to soften. She walked up and wrapped her arms around me. “Welcome back, Brother.”
I gently patted my sister’s head and I could feel the tension in my body unwinding for the first time since arriving at the castle. “It’s good to be back.”





Chapter 179
Chapter 179: landship
A bolt of light streaked through the trees, curving ever-so-slightly before reaching its target—a wooden post no larger than my head.<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>A satisfying thud rang as the mana arrow lodged itself in the center of the post, creating a hole through it before dissipating.
“Great shot!” I exclaimed, applauding.
My sister curtsied in response before her lips curved into a satisfied grin. “I know!” she said haughtily.
Stepping down from on top of Boo, her titanic bond who was lying lazily on his belly, Ellie skipped over to Sylvie and me. My sister picked up my bond. “What did you think, Sylvie? Are you impressed?”
“Very impressed,” she answered aloud, her gentle voice laced with fatigue.
“Sylvie’s still recovering, Ellie,” I scolded.
My sister set the white fox back down on the cushion she had been curled up on. “Hehe. Sorry, Sylvie.”
It had been only two days since we got back to the castle. Sylvie gained consciousness just yesterday, but she has been recovering at a remarkable rate. While Virion and the rest of the council gathered the four conjurers that would be stuck with me for the next two months, I spent some time with my sister.
I kept the fact that our parents and the Twin Horns had gotten attacked a secret from Ellie. A part of me knew that she deserved to know, but I also wanted to keep her ignorant until it was no longer possible.
A selfish wish from a selfish brother.
“So are you able to fire that accurately while Boo is actually mobile?” I asked with a snide grin, my gaze turning to the mana beast sleeping flat on his belly.
Ellie sulked at my jab. “Ugh, not yet. Helen made it look so easy when she showed me, but I haven’t been able to land a single decent shot while Boo was moving. It doesn’t help that this klutz runs like he’s purposely trying to throw me off his back.”
The bear-like mana beast let out a grunt of denial from the distance.
“You so do!” my sister quipped back before she bent down to pick up her bow.
My gaze fell to her hand as she reached down for the weapon. Calluses covered her fingers while freshly formed welts filled in the rare places of her hand that wasn’t already hardened from overuse.
“How much time do you spend practicing, El?” I asked.
My sister thought for a second before answering. “I don’t really keep track, but the sun goes down while I train so maybe about six or seven hours?”
My eyes widened. “Every day?”
Ellie simply shrugged. “I guess so.”
“What about studying, or playing with friends?”
“The classes in the castle are only once a week and I can finish the study material they give me in a day,” she answered. Ellie then hesitated before continuing. “As for friends... I’ll have you know that I’m very popular.”
“Really?” I said with a raised brow.
Caving under my unrelenting gaze, she let out a sigh. “Well, it’s not my fault that I have absolutely no interest in the things they talk about. How is it possible for a group of girls to talk nonstop about boys and clothes for hours?”

A chuckle escaped my throat and I could feel my expression soften. “I’m sure there are a few kids your age with interest in magic.”
Realizing that our conversation wasn’t going to end soon, my sister pulled out a chair and sat down. “Well, there were a few but when they awakened, their parents moved out of the castle, or just sent their kids to one of the major cities to have them board a magic school.”
Not all the children would have had the connections my sister had to get taught by a mage in this castle. It was understandable that the parents would want their children to still be taught how to utilize their newly-formed core, even with the potential danger of the war reaching them.
I looked at my sister as she fiddled with the string of her bow before carefully asking, “Did you want to attend a magic academy as well?”
“Of course,” she answered without hesitation, “but I know you, Mom, and Dad would all worry.”
I winced at my sister’s words. She was only twelve, but her words reflected a maturity that I wasn’t quite sure I wanted her to have. Speaking from my own experience, I knew what it was like to grow up too fast. It was yet another selfish wish of mine that my sister remained the cute innocent girl that worried only about what to wear to her friend’s birthday party.
Pushing aside my thoughts, I shot my sister a gentle smile. “I’ll talk to Mom and Dad when I get the chance and ask them about sending you to school.”
Ellie’s eyes widened. “Really?”
“Assuming they give you the okay, I’ll still want to send a guard with you to protect you in case anything happens. I know it might be a bit stifling to have someone with you at all times so I’ll try to find someone you’ll be comfortable with, but—”
My sister barrelled straight into me in a firm embrace. “Thanks, Brother.”
“Don’t get your hopes up too much,” I replied, my voice coming out as a wheeze from how hard she was squeezing me.
“Too late!” she giggled, unlatching her grasp on me before picking up her bow. “I’m going to have to practice harder if I want to beat those snooty nobles.”
I continued my role as an enthusiastic spectator, relishing the clear skies and the sweet scent of morning dew on the grass field. Ellie continued to fire off more mana arrows at faraway targets with uncanny accuracy. It would be a long time before she would get as comfortable with the bow as Helen Shard, but she had her own strength that the leader of the Twin Horns couldn’t hope to replicate.
Ellie had yet to develop an affinity toward an element, so she was limited to firing pure mana. It was a shame that there wasn’t much I could do to help her develop an affinity since that was mostly dependent on her own insights, but it was exciting seeing her grow and develop.
‘Your thoughts make it seem like you wish to have offspring of your own.’ Sylvie’s voice suddenly intruding my head startled me.
“Offspring?” I said aloud, scaring my sister.
Ellie’s mana arrow arched off-course at the sky, dissipating before it hit the castle barrier. “What?”
“It’s nothing,” I smiled, sneaking a sharp glare at my bond as my sister turned back.
Sylvie shifted in her cushion, looking at me with a shrewd expression of amusement on her vulpine face.
Go back to sleep, I sent, grumbling in my mind.
I continued watching the seemingly repetitive motions of Ellie murmuring, drawing her bow while a translucent arrow formed between her two fingers, steadying her aim, then firing.
She skipped the chanting process for types of arrows she was more versed in, but other times, she needed to describe the kind of arrow she wanted to shape the mana accurately. By the thirtieth time she fired her arrow, I wondered how Boo was able to sleep so easily with Ellie on his back.
“General Arthur?” a voice rang from behind.
My eyes snapped open and I turned around to see an elf holding a clipboard, garbed in a white attire that oddly resembled a lab coat from my former world. What caught my attention was the color of her eyes—or rather, colors. A ring of bright pink surrounded each of her pupils, then shifted into a bright blue on the outer ends of her irises.
Noticing my fixed gaze, she bowed, thinking I was expecting a formal greeting.

The elf stood as if her back was glued to a wooden plank while she then announced, “Artificer Gideon has arrived at the castle and is expecting you.”
“You’re going?” my sister asked, slinging her bow over her shoulder.
“Yup. I have some things to discuss with the old man,” I replied. Turning back as I followed behind the unusual elf, I said to my sister, “I most likely won’t be able to eat dinner with you, so don’t wait up.”

My sister nodded. “Gotcha. Say hi to Emily for me if you get the chance to see her.”
“Will do.”
‘I’ll stay here with Eleanor,’ Sylvie said groggily.
Sure. I’ll update you when I get back, Sylv.
I trailed silently beside the elven secretary as she led the way with confident steps.
“Is there a name I can address you by?” I asked.
The elf stopped abruptly, bowing deeply so that her blond hair tied firmly into a ponytail flipped over her head. “Forgive me for not introducing myself. My name is Alanis Emeria and I have been personally assigned by Commander Virion to be your attendant.”
I dipped my head in response to her greeting. “Well, Alanis. It’s nice to meet you, but I’m having a hard time believing that you’re merely an attendant judging by the amount of mana you have concealed.”
The middle-aged elf blinked, her multicolored eyes shining, but otherwise looked unfazed. “As expected of a lance. Allow me to clarify. I have been assigned by Commander Virion to be your attendant while you undergo your training here. It was my wish to meet you as soon as possible.”
I didn’t quite understand what her role entailed as my attendant during training, but before I had the chance to ask, I spotted the familiar frame of Gideon running toward us in a sweaty mess.
“I came as soon as I heard from Commander Virion!” he huffed excitedly, his voice echoing in throughout the narrow halls. “What sort of ingenious idea do you have in that god-sent cranium of yours?”
The old artificer could hardly wait until we made it into one of the empty rooms used for meetings by nobles or military leaders.
“Out with it, boy!” Gideon gushed as soon as Alanis closed the door behind us. “And is it all right for the elf to be hearing this?”
The elven attendant cast a disapproving gaze toward Gideon at his less-than-casual address, but remained mute.
I couldn’t help but smile watching the old artificer fidget in his seat in anticipation. Taking a close look at him, it was hard to imagine that I’d known this old grandpa for more than ten years. The wrinkles between his brows and around his mouth had deepened in that time, no doubt because of how much time he spent frowning or scowling in frustration.
“Everyone’s going to know sooner or later, and she’s apparently my personal attendant starting today so it’s better to have her informed, right?” I asked, turning to Alanis.
“Part of my job will be to lessen other burdens while you focus on training, so yes, it would be helpful for me to stay informed,” she said, her pink-and-blue eyes seeming to change shades.
“More training? What more can you train after being personally taught by gods—asuras, I mean,” he pondered, rubbing his stubbly chin.
“There’s always room for training,” I dismissed. “But getting back on topic, what are the states of the current mines that were used to excavate the fuel source needed for our ships?”
Gideon’s eyes lit. “Oh, you mean the combustium mines? There are five major ones still being excavated.”
I raised a brow. “Combustium?”

“I made the name myself,” the artificer grinned. “You told me I would need a mineral with set characteristics capable of fueling the steam engine we designed—I think you called it coal? Anyway, out of the minerals currently known, which aren’t many, only one of them produced the amount of energy needed to power an entire ship efficiently. The characteristics are a bit different from the coal you mentioned so I decided to name it something else. Anyway, this stuff is amazing. Ten pounds of combustium can power an entire ship for about a dozen miles at full speed!”
“That’s great to hear,” I said, cutting Gideon off. Afraid he’d go deeper into a tangent, I went straight to the point. “What I have planned involves using coa—combustium for a different mode of transportation; specifically a ship that’ll be used to travel land.”
“A landship?”
I nodded. “Except, I was thinking of calling it a ‘train.’”
“Train?” Gideon echoed incredulously. “From what poor mana beast’s ass did you pull a name like that out from?”
“Do you want the blueprints or not?” I scoffed.
Gideon raised his arms in a placating manner. “Train it is.”
The artificer prepared for the design immediately. He practically dumped out a whole lab from the dimension ring shoved on his thumb.
While Gideon caught on quickly to how the train would work, it still took a few hours explaining the details of how the railways and stops would work. I didn’t realize how much time had passed until my stomach twisted and grumbled in hunger.
“I think I covered everything you need to get started,” I said, scanning over the designs and specifications on the large parchment we had hung on the back wall of the meeting room.
“This is going to change everything,” Gideon muttered, more to himself than to Alanis or me. “The rivers are going to be a pain in the ass if we want to connect Blackbend City to Kalberk or Eksire, but with a few water and earth mages—”
“Let’s focus on the railway from Blackbend to the Wall,” I interrupted. “Of course, creating railways to other major cities will be important, but we need to create a secure route for supplies heading to the Grand Mountains if we want our troops there to survive.”
“Of course, but this...” Gideon paused for a second as his eyes scrutinized over the large map of Dicathen we had rolled out on the table. “We’ll be able to form new major cities with this.”
While I respected Gideon for his boundless vision, it was frustrating having to keep him on track. However, his last statement piqued my curiosity.
“What do you mean by forming new major cities?” I asked, looking over the map.
To my surprise, Alanis, who had been dead silent up until now, spoke. “I think what Artificer Gideon means is that, until now, cities in all three kingdoms were predetermined based on where we found or excavated teleportation gates. If this does come into fruition, then a secure mode of transportation that, while not nearly as fast as the gates, can carry mass supplies and goods on top of people will enable us to build major cities in any location.”
“Couldn’t have said it better myself,” Gideon said approvingly.
Feeling stiff, I stretched my arms and back. “Glad to see my idea changing the course of history.”
“Boy, saying something like that so flippantly to a renowned artificer... I should just hand over my brown robe and take up a new hobby,” Gideon sighed helplessly. “I’ve always had a knack for fishing.”
“You can’t retire just yet,” I smirked, heading over to the door. “You’ll be in charge of pitching this idea to the Council at their next meeting.”
“Me? As much as I love the limelight, why are you giving me credit for this?” Gideon asked.
“It’ll be easier to garner the support of the entire Council if the idea came from a ‘renowned artificer.’ We’ll need their help if you want a team of capable conjurers and some merchants or adventurers familiar with the area to map out the best route from Blackbend to the Wall,” I answered, mentally checking off some of the things we’d need. “Anyway, I’m starving. I’m going to go see what I can scavenge at the food hall.”
“I can have the chef prepare a balanced meal and deliver it to your room,” Alanis suggested.
I waved my hand in dismissal. “It’s okay. No reason to trouble the chef just for a meal.”
“Wait! How soon are you going back out to the field?” Gideon asked.
I looked at him over my shoulder. “I’m staying for a couple of months. I’ll mostly be down in the training space but I’ll stop by to check in on how you’re doing if that’s what you’re asking.”
The old artificer let out a scoff, rolling his eyes. “I’m honored, but that’s not what why I asked. Emily has been working on a few things that need to be tested.”
“You realize you’re asking a general to be your test dummy, don’t you?” I asked with a smirk.
“Relax, O’ Great One. I promise they’ll be helpful to you as well. I looked over them myself and though I don’t want to admit it, if the artifact works, it’ll change the way both conjurers and augmenters train.”
I shifted my gaze to Alanis, who also expressed a degree of curiosity. “Well, you’ll have to convince my training attendant.”
The old artificer let out a gruff laugh as I walked out the doors. I could hear him muttering to himself from behind, “The kid’s come a long way.”





Chapter 180
Chapter 180: Alacryan Glimpse
With my stomach filled with leftovers and Alanis, my training attendant, dismissed for the night, I retrieved Sylvie from Ellie and arrived back in my room.
“Are you ready?” I asked my bond, who had been waiting on the bed while I’d taken a shower.
“So. What is it that you’re so excited about?” she replied, fidgeting impatiently in her fox form.
It wasn’t easy trying to steer my thoughts away from the “loot” that I’d gotten from fighting Uto in order to surprise Sylvie. I had to distract myself by thinking random thoughts and numbers to confuse her on our way back.
After making sure the door was locked and activating both earth and wind perception spells, I finally withdrew the two obsidian horns from my ring.
My bond’s sharp eyes widened as she gazed at the black crystals that were once embedded on a retainer. “Don’t tell me...”
“Yup,” I said excitedly. “They’re Uto’s horns.”
“Why?” she asked, confused.
Realizing that she never heard the full story, I summarized everything that had happened after she had been knocked out after saving me from Uto’s last attack.
By the time I had finished my story, Sylvie’s vulpine face was twisted to show a mixture of emotions.
“It’s scary to think how easily we could’ve been killed,” she said after a long pause.
I nodded. “I couldn’t do anything when Seris showed up. But even if she hadn’t, I’m not sure we would’ve been able to defeat Uto.”
“It seems like as we grow stronger, so do our enemies,” she sighed. Her gaze shifted back to the two horns on the bed. “So these horns supposedly contain vast amounts of mana that you can extract? Is it really safe to trust the scythe?”
“Considering the Asuras are forbidden by the treaty to help us anymore and Seris could’ve killed me whenever she wanted, I don’t think it’s too much of a risk.”
Sylvie thought for a moment as she pawed at the horns that were each the size of her head. “Well... if they help you get into white core, it’ll certainly help us.”
I picked up only one of the horns. “This will be enough for me. You extract the other one.”

My bond opened her mouth, ready to argue, but I cut her off. “You said that your body is still undergoing the awakening process that Lord Indrath made you undergo. I know your body has been constantly extracting ambient mana, which is why you’ve been sleeping more, so I’m sure extracting mana from Uto’s horn will help quicken that process.”
“To be honest. I haven’t been as active in trying to hasten the awakening process,” Sylvie replied. “I’m afraid that, with my awakening as a full asura, I won’t be able to assist you anymore.”
“You nearly died in that last fight, Sylv,” I said, putting my hand on top of my bond’s small head. “Besides, your mother cast a pretty powerful spell before you were born to conceal you. It’s why even in your draconic form, no one was able to tell you were an asura.”
“Grandfather mentioned that, but as I get stronger it’s going to get harder to hide what I am,” Sylvie replied bitterly.
A wave of grief flooded my mind and I could feel the bits and pieces of the story that Lord Indrath had told Sylvie about her mother.
“I’m not exactly sure what’s going to happen when you get strong enough to awaken, but we’ll overcome that hurdle once we get there,” I comforted.
“We always do,” my bond agreed with a smile.
Holding the black horn gingerly in my hands, I peeked a glance at Sylvie. “So...should we start now?”
Sylvie placed a paw on the horn in front of her. “I don’t see why not.”
After repositioning myself more comfortably, I took a deep breath. I started slow, probing the insides of the horn with a thread of my mana.
With elixirs, the contents stored inside would be distributed upon contact with a mage’s purified mana. With the horns, however, there were no noticeable reactions even after searching deeper.
Minutes trickled by with no sign of anything stored within Uto’s horns. I started to consider the possibility that the mana inside might’ve dispersed upon being severed from the retainer’s head, when suddenly an indescribable <i>force</i> pulled at my very mind.
Unlike any elixir—or any <i>thing</i>, for that matter—I’d used in the past, my consciousness seemed to be getting sucked in.
I felt a surge of panic as I felt myself blacking out.
Quite literally. A shroud of shadow spread, covering my vision and all of my other senses until I was simply in darkness.
<i>Calm down, Arthur. Your body is still safely inside your room. </i>
That didn’t help me at all. The fact that my mind had been forced into a certain state and was vulnerable scared me. Coming to this world, I was born with a new body—new physical features that took me years to adjust to—but my mind was the same through both lives. My brain, or every part of my brain responsible for my memories and personality, was mine throughout my years as Grey and Arthur.
Right now, I felt my consciousness at the full mercy of whatever<i> force</i> had dragged me into wherever I was.
I was surrounded in darkness, but it wasn’t pitch black. The shadows around me warped and stirred like various shades of dark ink. It was a surreal feeling—perceiving something without a body. Somehow, I could feel the <i>force</i> around me, slithering in the darkness, but I didn’t have a body.

After what felt like hours of floating mindlessly in the sea of darkness, the <i>force</i> surrounding me slowly began shifting. It was different from the erratic, chaotic movements up until now—the shadows felt like they were being pulled away. The obsidian veil slowly began lifting, and what I was left with wasn’t the view of my own room like I had been expecting.
No. I was standing in front of an unfamiliar man inside an extravagant cathedral with a vaulted ceiling, beautifully stained glass and endless rows of pews packed with observers glowing in reverence. The man, who looked no older than my father, wore a ceremonial robe and was kneeled in front of me in respect.
“Speak,” I snapped impatiently, except the voice that came out wasn’t mine. It was Uto’s.

Even the word that I spoke wasn’t by my will.
“I, Karnal of Blood Vale, humbly come before you to seek your guidance,” the man said, his gaze lowered so I could only see the crown of his short ash-brown hair.
A feeling of annoyance bubbled up in ‘me’ but eventually got washed down by resignation.
The same voice that took over my own spoke with restrained courtesy. “Vale... While your line is thin of Vritra blood, your ancestors have served us well. Remove your robe.”
Karnal bowed deeper in gratefulness before slipping out of his black ceremonial robe. He then turned around to show me his back. What I saw was an engraving down his spine that seemed to be three separate imprints by the spacing.
A thin figure standing off to the side, face covered by a loose hood, took a step toward me and read aloud from a book, “One mark upon awakening and two crests, one earned for an act of valor and another unlocked through mastery of initial mark.”
Unceremoniously, I nodded and motioned for him to dress.
The man still kneeling with his back to me put his robe back on before turning to face me. His gaze was still lowered, which seemed to bore ‘me.’ Thoughts of the person I was assuming seeped into me, revealing his inner feelings. I seemed to be vaguely impressed that the lesser in front of me managed to unlock a crest by mastering the mark he had been given, but the fact that both crests were of defensive magic dampened my mood.
Letting out a muted sigh, I declared, “Through your loyalty to the nation of Vechor by excelling in the last battle against the nation of Sehz-Clar, I—Uto, retainer of Kiros Vritra—grant your entry into the Obsidian Vault for a chance to earn an emblem.”
The crowd gathered to watch the mundane spectacle burst into applause and cheer. The man knelt in front of me allowed himself to shed a single tear before he rose to his feet and finally met my eyes. He raised his right fist over his heart and left palm over his sternum in a traditional salute. “For the glory of Vechor and Alacrya. For the Vritra!”
“For the glory of Vechor and Alacrya. For the Vritra!” the audience behind him roared in unison.
The scene distorted, and I found myself sitting back on my bed. An umbral haze-like substance was spilling out of the horn I had been holding, and getting sucked into the center of my right palm—where Wren Kain had embedded the acclorite.
I quickly dropped the horn, separating my hand as far as possible from it. I took a second to inspect my mana core, and to my dismay, there were no signs of my core improving even a shred.
“Damn it,” I cursed. Rather than my core absorbing the mana out of Uto’s horn, the mana had been siphoned into the acclorite.

Just like Wren Kain had warned, the gem was capable of altering depending on the changes in my body, my actions and even thoughts. The acclorite was constantly feeding off the mana inside me, constantly molding its eventual form, so to say that the addition of Uto’s mana into the gem-filled me with unease was an understatement.
<i>What’s done is done.</i> I didn’t like the idea of my future weapon resembling Uto’s powers, but at this point, anything would help if it meant hastening the process.
Turning to Sylvie, I wasn’t surprised to find her still absorbing the contents of the horn. Unlike myself, she seemed to be having an easier time absorbing the foreign mana. What <i>did</i> surprise me was the fact that the sun was already coming up.
I had spent the entire night reliving one of Uto’s memories, which begged the question... what did his memories even mean?
The actual event occurring in the memory wasn’t very cryptic, but there were so many unknown terms being thrown around that it felt overbearing.
I knew from overhearing the word ‘blood’ inside the cavern in Darv that it most likely was just their term for family, but words like mark, crest, and emblem flew over my head. I knew what they <i>meant</i> in the literary context but they had used them as if they meant something entirely. These marks, crests—whatever they were—were either earned or unlocked? Or was that only the case for the person kneeling...
Except, when Uto declared that the person—Karnal—would be granted a chance to earn an ‘emblem’ in the Obsidian Vault, everyone seemed to be ecstatic. Ignoring the ominous name of Obsidian Vault, which frankly sounded like some storybook warlock’s evil lair where he held his stolen treasures, the man himself seemed blatantly proud. This meant that even the chance to earn an emblem was a big deal.
Another series of questions that came to mind pertained to the mention of Vechor... a nation presumably at war with Sehz-Clar, another nation. From the salute, I could extrapolate that at the nation of Vechor made up a part of Alacrya. Also, assuming that the asuras weren’t lying that Epheotus, Alacrya and Dicathen were the only three continents in this world, that would mean Sehz-Clar was another nation in Alacrya.
<i>Why would two nations of the same continent we were at war with be fighting amongst each other? Maybe the nations swore allegiance during this war? Or was there a separate army composed of all the nations and trained together in order to dispel any enmity that members of the nations had toward one another? </i>
I shook my head, physically trying to get rid of the never-ending stream of questions and thoughts running rampant in my mind.
This memory got me curious, though. I made a mental note to learn more about this, perhaps from Uto himself. The Council had ordered our forces to take in prisoners when possible to interrogate them, but in most cases, it led to the prisoner committing suicide or being too low in the chain of command to know anything useful. This was the first time we’d had a potentially helpful source of information in our hands, though knowing him, he’d make us work for it.
I was beginning to fall into another bottomless ditch of questions. Thankfully, my attention was roused by a perfectly cadenced series of knocks that sounded more like someone was hammering a nail into my door.
“General Arthur. It’s Alanis Emeria. I am here to escort you to the training grounds to meet with the four training assistants you had requested,” she said in a clear, taciturn voice.
“Coming,” I replied, chuckling to myself. <i>It’s not just her speech, even her knocking’s robotic.</i>
Without washing up, I changed into a more tight-fitting outfit suitable for sparring and followed my personal training attendant to the training ground on the lower floor. I debated whether to take Sylvie with me, but I thought it’d be best not to disturb her.
On our way down, we ran into Emily Watsken, or rather <i>she</i> ran into <i>us.</i>
“S-So sorry!” she huffed, most of her face hidden behind a large box she was attempting to carry on her own.
“Here, let me get that.” I took the box out of her arms, surprised by its heft.
“Thank you... oh, Arth—General Arthur! Perfect timing!” the artificer was practically gasping for breath, but she had a wide smile on her face when she recognized who she’d almost trampled.
Emily turned to Alanis, adjusting her glasses. “You must be Alanis! It’s a pleasure to meet you!”
“Likewise,” the elf replied, but in no way indicated. “I take it that you are Emily Watsken. I was informed we would be collaborating in our efforts to assist in General Arthur’s training.”
By the wrinkle between Emily’s brows, she seemed to have been processing Alanis’ string of words, but eventually nodded. “Yes! As you’ll soon see, I think that your particular magic and the set of artifacts that I made will work nicely with each other!”
“I’m glad you two are getting along but let’s get to the training room first. This box feels like it’s actually gaining weight,” I joked, lifting the large box.
“Oh! Sorry, and thank you for carrying it! I thought my arms were going to fall out of their sockets!” Emily exclaimed, hurrying down the hall until the entrance to the room was just up ahead. “Come on, everyone’s waiting!





Chapter 181
Chapter 181: Gadgets and Magic
I didn’t know what to expect of my sparring partners. My request had been fairly last-minute so somewhere in the back of my head I was just imagining the soldiers inside the castle to be present.
There were quite a few conjurers and augmenters here that were assigned as a precaution to keep the residents inside safe. I noticed quite early on that many of them were quite capable so asking for some training partners out of any one of them seemed reasonable.
What I didn’t expect was the heavy presence of three, obviously powerful, elders inside the training grounds alongside Kathyln and a smug-looking Virion.
“Ah, you’re here!” Virion bolted up to his feet, taking the box from my hands and setting it on the ground before guiding me toward the group. “I want you to meet everyone.”
I looked back over my shoulder to see Emily waving me goodbye like a mother sending her son off to a battlefield.
“I know the two of you are already acquainted,” Virion said, motioning to Kathyln. “But for formality’s sake, this is Princess Kathyln of the royal Glayder House and her guardian, Hester Flamesworth.”
The elderly woman with gray hair pulled tightly back into a bun dipped her head in a formal greeting.
“Flamesworth?” I blurted, surprised.
“Ah, so you’re familiar with my family,” the woman said, a hint of pride in her voice.
“Yes. Fairly familiar, actually,” I replied. The surname had caught my attention, but I dismissed any questions stirring in my mind and focused on the princess.
“A pleasant surprise to see you, Kathyln, but what are you doing here?” I asked.
“Princess Kathyln is an accomplished ice-affinity conjurer now in the dark-yellow core stage,” Hester answered. “I had been asked by Commander Virion to help you, General Arthur, with your training, but my primary job is to keep the princess safe at all times. By being here together, we are essentially achieving two goals at once.”
I glanced back at Kathyln, who nodded shyly in agreement. “Nothing much else to do besides my occasional training with Master Varay, so I’m here to help.”
“The princess and a knight. Classic pair,” the gruff dwarf sitting on a raised stone pillar smirked. He scratched at his large bulbous nose that led to a thick bush of white covering the lower half of his face. He was tall in comparison to most dwarves I’d seen, but that might’ve been from the illusion caused by his elevated seat. One thing for sure, though, was that his body looked to be composed completely of muscle. With thick, striated bulbs of hardened flesh covering his arms and body, I winced when he gripped my hand with his large calloused one.
“Pleasure to meet you, Young General. My name is Buhndemog Lonuid, but most call me Buhnd,” he said, his grip unrelenting.
Whether it was to gauge me or to assert his dominance over a young—possibly arrogant—lance, I didn’t know, but I reciprocated his greeting with a firm grip of my own.
The assimilation I had gone through as a child after inheriting Sylvia’s Dragon Will meant my body was stronger than it appeared. That, with the fact that I had practically lived this whole life with a sword in my hand meant that I could hold my own even against this bearded ball of muscle.
The tiniest smirk cracked the corner of his lip and he let go. “Not bad. Not bad.”
“Careful, Buhnd. The kid didn’t become a lance with just a pretty face,” Virion teased. “Arthur, this musclehead has been a close friend of mine for quite a few years. He may look like this but he’s a genius when it comes to earth-affinity magic. I guarantee you’ll learn a lot.”
“What’s wrong with my looks?” Buhnd snapped. “I’ll have you know that I’m still quite the ladies’ man back home.”

“No one said anything was wrong with them,” Virion dismissed. “Now, stop being sensitive.”
I studied the two bickering, holding my tongue from all the questions I had.
Just by the thick silver aura he emitted, which was almost visible to the naked eye, he was definitely a powerful individual. If he was so close to Virion, I didn’t understand why he hadn’t been chosen to be the dwarven representative rather than Rahdeas.
Because of the recent events, it was obvious that Virion had introduced Buhnd as a friend to alleviate my initial suspicions of him, but just the fact that he was a dwarf I had never seen before put me on edge.
<i>I guess that makes me racist</i>. I suppressed a chuckle.
Race in this world was much less subtle than back in my old world, but I never considered myself one to discriminate based on outer appearances or locations of birth. However, witnessing a fairly large faction of dwarves cooperating with our enemies as well as being personally betrayed by a powerful dwarf did harden me of my previous fair-mindedness.
My attention abruptly turned to the only person I had yet been introduced to by a loud, surly yawn.
As if the yawn had been his cue to be introduced, Virion spoke. “Arthur, this is Camus Selaridon. He’s a—”
“The boy doesn’t need to know any more than my name. I’m here to spar with him. Any information beyond that is irrelevant,” Camus cut him off.
I was shocked to see Virion being told off. He was the leader of this continent’s entire military, after all. Again, I held my tongue after seeing Virion’s unperturbed expression, but made a mental note to ask the commander who exactly Camus was in secret.
Assuming the mysterious elder wouldn’t be fond of an excessive greeting, I simply dipped my head and introduced myself before taking a closer look at him. Long silvery-blonde hair fell down to his shoulders in disheveled locks, covering his forehead and eyes. Long pointed ears poked out from the sides of his head, indicating he was of elven descent. Unlike most elves I had met though, he took no care of his outward appearance and, by the stench emanating from his clothes and body, hygiene.
“Well!” Virion broke the silence. “I’m sure all of you are going to be well acquainted these next several weeks so, while I’d love to stay and watch, I get the pleasure of spending my time looking over mountains of paperwork!”
With a tired sigh, our commander left the training room, his shoulders just a bit more slumped over than before.
Virion’s departure left us a moment of silence, which I used to survey the training room.
The place wasn’t anything extravagant, just a large dirt field a little less than fifty yards long and no more than thirty yards wide enclosed by walls and a ceiling of mana-reinforced metal. There was a small pond off to the far left corner of the room, but other than the door on the opposite wall, it was just a large space to train.
The sight of Emily enthusiastically waving her arm at us got my attention.
“I finished setting up for the most part! There’s a bunch I want to go over before you start your training,” she said, wiping the sweat off her forehead.
Looking down at the equipment that had spawned from the giant wooden box I had carried inside, I was surprised at how familiar it looked. It was a metal panel about the length of my arm span littered with gauges and knobs. It resembled some sort of ancient control center on a ship from my previous world with the exception of the crystals on either side of it. One was large and clear while the other smaller crystal had a blue tint to it.
The panel had a cluster of wires leading to the wall of the training room—more specifically a large disk attached to the wall. I hadn’t paid much attention when I looked before but the metal disks didn’t seem to be a part of the design. They looked to be embedded into the wall and were spaced out evenly.
The panel that Emily gingerly stroked looked like an archaic form of the technology from my previous world.
“Ah! One more thing!” Emily exclaimed, practically diving head first into the box. She pulled out what looked like pieces of a leather armor but with the same wires connecting the different parts together. Embedded in the bottom center of what appeared to be the breastplate of the set was the same blue crystal that was on the right end of the metal panel.
Emily heaved the leather armor in her arms and walked to me. “Miss Emeria, if you wouldn’t mind helping me put this on General Arthur.”
“Of course.” Alanis nodded, and I found myself being dressed in a rather ridiculous-looking getup.

The ‘armor,’ seemed more like a sensory receiver rather than protective clothing. I would be forced to wear the gloves, breastplate, arm and leg bands, and shoes throughout the training.
“Perfect. You look great!” Emily said approvingly, adjusting my breastplate so that the blue crystal embedded on there would be directly over my sternum, the area where my mana core was located.
“Thanks,” I replied sheepishly, completely unconvinced. The armor looked bulky but it was soft and flexible enough where I wasn’t too worried about it hindering my movements.

Kathyln and the three elders watched silently, enraptured by the sight of this unusual equipment, until Buhnd finally spoke up. “So exactly what is the point of all of these toys?”
Emily shifted her glasses and spoke. “I don’t want to spoil anything, but I guess a bit of a heads up is fair. General Arthur is an anomaly in our continent—being the only known quadra-elemental mage and all—so, while he’s been excelling in most aspects of mana manipulation, it’s come to my attention that he’s begun to plateau in utilization of elemental magic.”
“What about his training with the asuras?” Kathyln asked.
“That was mainly technical training for augmented close combat,” I answered. “While I did pick up a few techniques, Emily is right in that I’ve been relying heavily on ice and lightning magic these days. I’m hoping that by training with all of you, I’ll eventually be able to better utilize all of the elements that I’m capable of controlling.”
“I see, I see.” Buhnd idly stroked his beard before shivering. “Yeah, even thinking about using <i>one</i> other element gives me a headache. To be a quadra-elemental on top of being able to use ice and lightning... ugh.”
“General Arthur’s mental capacity isn’t as restricted as yours is, so I’m sure he’ll learn,” Hester chimed, a smirk etched onto her wrinkled face.
Buhnd whipped his head. “What’d you say, Grandma? My mental capacity is <i>fully</i> unrestricted!”
The fire mage shook her head, letting out a sigh.
“Now now,” Emily carried the metal panel and gently set it on the ground near us. “Instead of arguing, I’d appreciate it if all four of you place your hands herel and enfuse some of your mana into the clear crystal to power up the device.” She pointed to the left end of the metal panel.
Hester, and Buhnd looked at one another, mentally trying to decide which one of them would go first, when Camus stepped up and placed his palm over the clear crystal.
“Like this, right?” Suddenly a vast whirlwind ripped out of his body and swirled around him protectively.
Emily let out a startled shriek before tumbling to her back from the sudden force. The rest of us were able to brace ourselves and watch as the fierce gale condensed into the hand on top of the crystal. The once clear gem lit up in a shade of gray just before the entire panel whirred to life. The gauges swayed erratically before settling into place.
“Show off,” Buhnd grumbled.
I had been so focused on the panel that when the room suddenly buzzed from all directions, I instinctively raised a layer of mana around my body.
“It’s just the apparatus powering on.” Emily quickly consoled. From the way the other mages present all got into a defensive stance, it seemed they were just as surprised as I was.
“I shall go next,” Hester said, stepping forward calmly.
After placing her hand on the crystal, she muttered a single word. “Burn.”
A blazing inferno erupted from her body, making her red robe appear to be completely made of fire. The ground around her became scorched but what amazed me was that when one of the tendrils of flame lashed at me, there was no heat. What seemed like a brazen display of strength turned out to be a demonstration of her control over her element.
The metal panel whirred once more, this time a little less so. Also, it might’ve just been my imagination, but I swore I heard Hester clicking her tongue.

“My turn!” Buhnd declared, flexing his fingers before placing it carefully over the crystal that had returned to its transparent state.
There was a beat of silence before the ground beneath us began trembling. Loose pebbles and rocks began hovering off the ground as an aura of brilliant topaz surrounded the bearded dwarf.
“Uh, Elders. I love the enthusiasm and all... but this wasn’t meant to be a contest,” Emily muttered weakly, her voice unsteady from the shaking ground.
“To a real man, everything’s a contest,” Buhnd grinned wickedly before letting out a sharp breath. Immediately, the earth cracked, spreading from his feet while the yellow aura gathered into his hand.
The panel trembled and made its familiar noise before the crystal sucked up and transferred the mana that Buhnd had supplied.
The muscular dwarf let out a satisfied grunt and stepped away. Emily immediately inspected her apparatus to see if any of the elders had damaged it.
“Princess Kathyln,” she called. “If you would please. I think just a little bit more will be enough.”
The princess nodded, tucking a strand of black hair behind her ear before sending out a wave of mana as well. Just by the tense expression on Kathyln’s face, I knew all too well that she had no intention of backing down from the unsaid challenge between the elders.
The temperature dropped to a noticeable degree as a haze of frost swirled around the princess. Some of the rocks near her already began freezing when the frost began taking form into what looked like translucent serpents. The frost serpents slithered in the air around her before coiling down her arm and disappearing into the crystal she had her palm on top of.
Emily’s apparatus buzzed with fervor while the clear crystal began swirling in a motley of colors.
The artificer began to turn a few knobs and flip a few switches before rotating the now-colorful crystal until a loud <i>click</i> occured.
“I’ll turn it on now,” Emily announced, her eagerness unconcealed.
She pushed down on the crystal until it was fully inside the panel and I could almost see the mana travelling from the device through the thick wires and into the rods on the wall. Everyone watched as strands of multicolored mana began shooting from one rod to another, spreading exponentially until the strands connected the metal rods to one another in a honeycombed pattern.
“What in the world...” Buhnd breathed, his neck stretched out as he gazed at the walls and ceiling of the room.
“The floor has the same sensors buried,” Emily added proudly. “Now, before I go over what all of this is, General Arthur, I believe Miss Emeria has something she needs to do.”
I turned to my training attendant. “Alanis?”
She walked to me after putting down the clipboard she had been holding. “It won’t take long, General Arthur. Please give me your hand.”
Curious, I took off the glove, letting it dangle by the wire it was attached to. Alanis gently wrapped both her hands around my mine and began chanting with her eyes shut.
Once she finished, Alanis’ eyes snapped open. Her eyes had surely been pink and blue, yet when she gazed at me once more, her eyes had turned a shimmering silver. A faint emerald aura pulsed around her and began spreading onto me as well.
“Please, stand still for a moment, General Arthur,” she said, her voice seeming to echo. Alanis’ silver eyes darted left and right, up and down, studying me indepthly until her green aura faded and her silver eyes reverted to their normal colors.
“Scans are complete,” Alanis announced before walking back and scribbling furiously.
“What was that?” I asked. The hand that the elf had held tingled.
Alanis looked up from her clipboard and opened her mouth to speak when Emily quickly covered her mouth. “Hehe, we’ll tell you everything later. For now, why don’t we start with the training?”
“The lady has spoken!” Buhnd agreed, swinging his arms. “My limbs were beginning to calcify from staying still for so long.”
Hester rolled her eyes. “I hardly think that’s possible, but I agree with the dwarf. Princess Kathyln had told me much about you, General Arthur, and I’m quite curious to see if you live up to her exceedingly high standards.”
“It’s not like that,” Kathyln quickly amended, pushing her guardian away.
Smiling, I followed her and the three elders to the center of the room. We distanced ourselves roughly thirty feet from each other and I was surrounded on all sides. The princess positioned herself close to the pond in the rear corner with Buhnd to her left and the silent Camus to her right. My mind raced as I tried deciding which one I should start with my back to. Adrenaline coursed through my body, coalescing with the mana streaming through my limbs. The familiar feeling of my dry mouth and cold sweat rolling down my cheek told me all I needed to about the situation I was in.
The pressure that the four of them gave off sent chills down my spine, but my smile only grew wider. I licked my lips and lowered myself into a defensive stance. “Let’s begin.”





Chapter 182
Chapter 182: Elders’ Assessment
As soon as the words left my tongue, the elders wasted no time in their attack. Hester moved first, forming a globe of fire in her palm. With a snap of her wrist, the burning sphere shot toward me, growing larger as it approached.
I turned to counter when the ground beneath me shifted abruptly, throwing me off balance. With hardly any time to react now, I spun while withdrawing Dawn’s Ballad from my ring. In one fluid movement, I launched a shockwave of frost from my blade, exploding the flaming globe prematurely before falling back.
“Tripping over your own feet, Young General?” Buhnd snickered, his hands glowing in an aura of yellow.
“For someone with so many muscles, you sure use some cheap parlor tricks,” I jeered, pushing myself up from the ground.
The dwarf shrugged. “I’m not the one that just fell on my arse.”
I responded to his snide comment with a smirk, keeping an eye out for the other two to make a move. I didn’t have to wait long.
Camus casually hurled a blade of wind in my direction. The crescent approached viciously, carving a path in the ground where it had travelled.
I swung Dawn’s Ballad into Camus’ attack when the crescent suddenly distorted before exploding.
“Lesson one of fighting as a conjurer. Be unpredictable,” Camus muttered.
A blast of wind nearly threw me back onto the ground. This time, however, I was able to react fast enough. I stabbed my sword into the ground, putting more force than I normally would to embed the broken tip of my sword into the dirt floor to brace myself against the blast.
I looked back up to see dozens of<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>jagged icicles, each as long as my arm, flying toward me.
Siphoning mana out of my core, I swung my free arm, releasing a wave of fire.
The large shards of ice evaporated with a <i>hiss</i> from my flames but before I could continue my attack, three triangular panels of stone shot up from the ground around me and collapsed on each other.
Trapped within the pyramid of earth, my vision darkened.
<i>This is getting annoying,</i> I thought.
Fighting against conjurers was fundamentally different than going up against augmenters. For one, they kept their distance and attacked from afar.
With a snap of my finger, I ignited a flame to study my surroundings. Just three walls coming together at a point about twenty feet above me.
“I might as well try and fight like a conjurer as well,” I muttered to myself, putting Dawn’s Ballad back into my ring.
I sent out a current of earth mana into the ground, and within a second I was able to make out the rough positions of all four of them as well as the two figures afar—which I assumed were Emily and Alanis.
Buhnder must’ve sensed what I did because almost immediately after, spikes of stone began jutting out of the walls.
<i>Crafty dwarf,</i> I smiled.
The spikes elongated, closing in. It was now or never.
After growing the flame I had used for light, I conjured a wave of frost with my other hand. I clasped the two opposing elements together, creating a blast of steam, spreading it until it filled the entire enclosure.
“Steam’s leaking out. Careful for a surprise attack,” Hester warned. “Princess, take advantage of the moisture from the steam.”
<i>Oh crap. </i>
I beckoned lightning to surge around my body, charging and containing it when I felt the temperature of the cloudy air around me plummet. I could see floating shards of ice forming but my spell was finished.

“Burst!” I hissed, discharging the currents of lightning coiling around my body. Tendrils of electricity surged out, shattering the ground and walls effortlessly until the the stone pyramid Buhnder had conjured collapsed.
A large cloud of dust, debris and steam covered much of the view, but Camus had somehow found me because the old elf was just a few feet away—swirling gales coiling around his arms.
Wordlessly, the wind conjurer <i>pushed</i>, sending me hurdling backward with the full blast of his wind.
Straight into Hester.
The elder was waiting for me on the other side with a fully formed globe of blue flames ready to fire.
With barely enough time to twist my body in the air to defend against the attack, I faced the full brunt of the sapphire flames.
<span class="s1"><b>KATHYLN GLAYDER</b></span>
Hester Flamesworth had been serving the Glayder family for over two decades, and while I’d always respected her magical prowess, it was because of her talents that she had the tendency to be a bit prideful. So when I saw Arthur’s form being consumed by the very blue flames that had set her apart from all the other fire-attribute conjurers of Sapin, I knew that she saw Arthur as a person she had to beat at all costs.
My hand unconsciously reached toward Arthur. No more than a few seconds could’ve passed when the blue flames began swirling. At first I thought it was Hester’s doing but when the cone of fire split with Arthur intact—aside from the few burnt ends of his long hair—I knew that he had had somehow dispersed the flames on his own.
Arthur let out a cough before speaking. “That was a close one.”
My guardian’s eyes widened just a little before feigning composure. “Impressive, General Arthur, but it seems like you’re taking us a little too lightly.”
Elder Buhndemog raised a bulbous arm. “I second that. If this is all you can do, I’m afraid we’re going to need a lot more than two months to train you.”
“It’s hard getting motivated if you so obviously hold back like that,” Elder Camus added before letting out a loud yawn and sitting down.
I frowned. I was told that Elder Camus was once a distinguished member of the elven army, but to think he was such an ill-mannered individual...
Perhaps if I was Arthur, I might have gotten offended by his conduct, but to my surprise, he started laughing.
“Sorry. I often find myself trying to match my opponents’ level to gauge. Bad habit of mine,” he said, calmly dusting himself off.
Suddenly, a wave of mana flooded out of Arthur as if a dam had just collapsed. My body instinctively reeled back from the force and when I looked back up, I could see that Camus was back on his feet—all signs of his lethargy gone—while both Hester and Elder Buhndemog had already thickened their aura for protection.
In the center of us all was Arthur, except his form had changed. His long hair now shimmered like liquid pearl and golden symbols ran down the lengths of his arms. If Arthur’s presence was strong before, it was outright oppressive now.
“I won’t use this form for the remainder of our training, but since today’s sparring serves to get ourselves acquainted with one another, I’ll graciously let loose,” he said to everyone, his back facing me.
The crude leather armor that Emily had clad him in now seemed almost majestic underneath the vivid nimbus of mana enveloping Arthur. He turned around and I was able to fully take in his amethyst eyes. I was having a hard time trying to find the right word to describe them.
Ethereal? Illustrious? Sovereign? Even those words didn’t seem to properly portray how those eyes seemed to shake my very core.
I had seen this form once before at Xyrus Academy when he battled against Lucas, but it was my first time seeing it this closely.
“Now that’s more like it!” Elder Buhndemog exclaimed, althought the slight tremor in his voice exposed his unease.
“Spread out!” Hester’s voice rang with authority as she leaped backward and prepared her spell. She knew—everyone knew—that the tables had turned. The second round had yet to start but already I felt the advantage we had in numbers was now gone.
As Arthur’s presence thickened like a shroud, the usual voice inside my head creeped up, saying that all was futile.
<i>No! You always do this, Kathyln. Stop doubting yourself. </i>
I bit down on my lip, berating myself for my pessimism. Ever since my awakening, I’d been constantly told how talented I was as a mage, yet I always found some way to tell myself I was lacking. Perhaps that’s why Arthur’s impression of me back when we had first met during the auction had remained so clear... even after all of these years. As a child and even now, he was smart, talented, sociable, knew what he wanted and had a smile that could light up the world.
Regaining my composure, I found myself eye-to-eye with Arthur once again. By his gaze, I knew he had been waiting for me, somehow sensing that my mind was elsewhere.
Doing all I could to keep my embarrassment from reaching my face, I quickly nodded and took up a stance.

His lips cracked up to form a faint smile and he gave me a nod in return. In that same instant, Arthur vanished, leaving behind only a footprint in the hardened ground and a few tendrils of electricity. By the time my eyes caught on to where he had appeared, Elder Camus had been knocked a few dozen feet in the air until the earth below him molded and cushioned his impact.
Black lightning coiled around Arthur as his eyes searched for his next target. Just before he could move again, the ground rose around his feet, anchoring him in place.
<i>Stop gawking and help,</i> I told myself.

Using the water from the nearby pond as a catalyst, I shaped it into a giant frozen spear. As soon as I launched it, I felt Elder Camus push my ten-foot spear of ice with his wind magic, accelerating it to a speed that I couldn’t have achieved on my own.
Our cooperative attack tore through the air, spiraling viciously toward Arthur. Except, the man in question was still in place, staring straight at the giant spear of ice with only a hand up in defense.
<i>Is he not going to try and dodge? </i>
I thought about dispersing the spell, but Commander Virion had stressed how we needed to be serious about this in order to help Arthur.
To my surprise, just when the spell was inches away, my spell dispersed. Arthur was still pushed back from the gale surrounding my attack, but the ice spear that I had conjured had shattered.
Camus shot me a look as if asking whether I had been the one or not. I quickly shook my head, my brows knit in confusion.
<i>I’m sure it wasn’t me.</i>
Arthur got back to his feet, unaffected—rather with a hint of satisfaction on his face.
The elders and I all exchanged glances, no one completely sure exactly what had transpired.
“Bah!” Elder Buhndemog stamped his foot, raising a giant boulder from the ground beside him. “Show me more! Unless changing the color of your hair and eyes is the only thing you can do.”
Arthur smiled wickedly. “Gladly.”
My friend and now opponent became a blur. This time, I was able to follow his faint form, just barely.
He sent a shockwave of mana at Elder Buhndemog, but the dwarf expected that. He sculpted the boulder by his side to become a giant shield of stone.
A crater formed where the shockwave hit the shield, but it had been no more than a diversion. By the time time the shield had blocked his spell, Arthur had already targeted Hester with a lance of black lightning in his hand.
<i>He’s not attacking you because he’s afraid to hurt you, Kathyln,</i> the voice whispered tauntingly.
Letting out a sharp breath, I focused on a spell that General Varay had taught me. It was a spell I never liked using since it meant that I had to get close to my opponent, but Arthur’s concern in this situation was worse. I didn’t like to be pitied.
“Seraph of Snow.”
Layers of frost spread over my body, covering me in its icy grip. My clothing hardened into armor while a layer of white completely covered my body and the bottom half of my face.
With my body further empowered, I dashed straight to Arthur who was being attacked by everyone else.
Elder Camus was darting around sending blades of wind and cushioning Elder Buhndemog and Hester whenever they were knocked away by Arthur.
Arthur launched a spear of lightning at Camus, but it exploded mid air thanks to Hester’s intervention.
Everyone felt the presence of my spell, but Arthur was too preoccupied to notice.
The frost covering my arm changed form at my thought, extending and sharpening into a blade of ice.
I swung the same way General Varay had drilled into me for over a year.
My blade cut across his back, drawing blood that already froze. Arthur’s head snapped back to me, his gaze more of surprise than of pain. He spun around and launched a blade of wind at me but the layer of frost covering me mitigated the spell.

Without the need to physically block, I continued my attack. Drawing back my other hand, I pushed out, launching a shockwave of frost at Arthur.
My opponent quickly blocked my attack, but he was still pushed back—straight into Elder Buhndemog.
Arthur’s instincts were inhuman though, as he already twisted his body and prepared to defend when a gale of wind spun him uncontrollably.
The elderly dwarf saw him coming and an excited smile stretched across his white beard. He loaded his fist in position to punch while the earth around him trembled.
Pieces of the ground flew, combining together around his fist to form a giant gauntlet of stone. Hester empowered his attack by imbuing a blue flame around the earthen fist.
A painful <i>crash</i> resounded as Elder Buhndemog’s flaming rock fist connected straight into Arthur.
“Oh! That felt <i>so</i> good!” the dwarven elder beamed, shaking out the fire around his fist.
I dispersed my spell too, relishing the warmth that soon followed.
Arthur sat up from the crater his body—now back to normal—managed to create in the ground. Stretching his neck, he let out a groan. “You got me good there.”
Elder Buhndemog let out a hearty laugh in agreement. “The princess sure saved the day! The three of us were basically in a stalemate and I suspect the young general wasn’t even going all-out.”
“I’m not able to keep up that form indefinitely and I was already running out of steam.” Arthur shook his head. “But yeah, I wasn’t expecting you to come at me like some sort of ice ninja, Kathyln.”
I tilted my head, confused. “Ice... ninja?”
“Uh, nothing.” Arthur let out a wry chuckle, scratching the back of his head. “I shouldn’t have taken you lightly, that’s all.”
I blushed.
Thankfully, Elder Camus seized his attention, extending a hand and pulling Arthur up to his feet.
“Interesting boy,” the quiet elder said with the faintest trace of a smile.
“It seems we’ll have much to discuss,” Hester added. “I figure this will be a learning experience for all of us.”
We all agreed on that.
<p class="p1">—————————————
The five of us regrouped back near the entrance of the training room with Emily Watsken and Miss Emeria.
“Before I go over the analysis of today’s little assessment, I just wanted to hear some feedback,” Emily addressed. “Of course, our beautiful Miss Alanis Emeria has planned out a rigorous training schedule for General Arthur, but overall if there are any concerns, please let me know.”
Miss Emeria nodded, her expression deadpan. “Feedback is crucial.”
“I think it’s safe to say for everyone, especially General Arthur, that the biggest issue is concern for safety,” Hester noted.
“Ah, yes!” I’m actually in the works for something to help solve that problem, but it still needs some tinkering,” Emily responded.
“Can I ask what it is, exactly? I’m pretty curious,” Arthur asked.
“It’s a device that basically reads how much mana the wearer is being hit with, triggering a last-minute defense mechanism to prevent a lethal blow,” the artificer answered almost mechanically.
“If an artifact like that could be built, couldn’t it be given to all the soldiers in battle?” Elder Buhndemog mused.
Emily hesitated. “It could, but—”
“It would be astronomically expensive,” Miss Emeria finished. “Also, the defensive mechanism would only work for that single triggering attack. In a training environment, the opponent would stop but out on the battlefield, another attack would be all the enemy would need to finish the job.”
Elder Buhndemog stroked his beard. “True. Good point.”
“Yes, the artifacts are extremely expensive to make, not just for its cost but for the rarity of the material. Phoenix wyrm scales are needed to make the artifact and the Glayder family has so graciously bestowed us with a few for the sake of my new training devices,” Emily informed, looking at me with an appreciative gaze.
I wasn’t aware that Father and Mother still had some left.
“Speaking of training devices, what exactly is this getup for anyway?” Arthur asked, poking the gem on his leather chestplate. “I’m assuming this, and those plates all over the wall aren’t for decoration.”
At that, Emily smiled brightly. Even Miss Emeria had a trace of excitement shining in her eyes. “Everything, my friend, from the unappealing armor to the weird plates all across this room, is for the sake of recording and measuring everything that has to do with how you magic the hell out of people!





Chapter 183
Chapter 183: Measuring Magic
ARTHUR LEYWIN
Measuring and recording someone ‘magic the hell out of people,’ was a rather un-intuitive way of describing an unfamiliar process to a group of elderly mages—and two teens.
However, once Emily quelled her enthusiasm and began slowly explaining the functions of the disks all over the room and the metal panel filled with gauges, as well as the leather armor I was wearing, I could see the excitement bubbling up on everyone’s faces.
“So the things attached all over the room serve as detectors of some kind to record how powerful a spell is?” Camus asked, tilting his head.
Emily nodded. “The word ‘powerful’ is a vague term, but yes. The disks were rather tricky to make because each one of them needs to be sturdy enough to receive the impact but sensitive enough to accurately transmit the feedback into my recording panel. That’s just one of its main aspects though; the other, I’ll explain in a bit.”
“What were those glowing lines connecting the disks earlier?” Hester asked.
“Good question!” Emily nodded. “Well you see, a spell is rarely going to be the size of just one sensor so I needed each disk placed relatively close to one another with sensors in between so that even when a spell is several yards in diameter, the disks can accurately gauge the impact or force of the spell. I made a new term for this measurement—It’s called force per unit, or fpu. The glowing trails of mana, that light up once powered sufficiently—in this case, by Princess Kathyln and the four elders—serves as sensors that connect each disk to one another so I can more accurately gauge the fpu of a spell as soon as it’s released into the field of disks.”
I could see more than a few eyes glazed over from confusion by Emily’s excited explanation, so I was tempted to remain quiet and let her run out of words to say, but I was curious about something as well. “So the disks act as sensors after basically being struck with a spell. What if I hypothetically fired a blast of wind at Elder Buhnd and he blocked it? The spell would never reach any of the disks, so would that spell not be measured?”
Emily’s eyes lit up. “As expected, you caught on to one of the shortcomings rather quickly. I realized in the early stages the same problem. If these disks were just targets to be hit, then the impact they receive is enough to get an accurate reading on the force of the spell. But in cases where live sparring takes place, more than half of the spells would be either unreadable or inaccurate at best due to being partially or fully mitigated by a counterattack from the opposing side. I said earlier on that recording through direct contact was just one of the main aspects of the disks. The other is also the reason why I needed to cover the whole room. Each of the disks not only sends visible trails of mana to the disks around them, but also creates a sort of ‘pressure’ that can be read right at the force of a spell as soon as it’s formed.”
“Is that why I had to help you put all those disks so deep beneath the ground?” Buhnd asked, scratching his head.
“Exactly, and so the disks aren’t in the way even when using earth magic!” she replied. “Thanks to Elder Buhnd, installing the disks underground was easy. It is through the sensors in the ground, all over the walls, and on the ceiling that manipulated mana can be measured even without the need for any of the disks to actually be physically hit with a spell.”
“Okay, so basically having this room completely surrounded in these disks creates a room where mana can be measured,” I simplified.
Emily pursed her lips. “Well... yeah, if you want to just summarize an entire six months’ work into a sentence, I guess so.”
I let out a laugh. “Believe me, I know very well what you created here is a technological marvel that’ll help mages develop much faster in the future, but I don’t think any of the people here have plans on being artificers.”
“True,” Emily admitted, still pouting.
“So you explained what the disks and the panel does, but what about this armor you’re having me wear?” I asked.
“Ah, I made that armor for Miss Emeria’s sake,” the artificer replied, turning her gaze to Alanis.
My training attendant nodded before speaking. “Miss Wykes noted the possibility that this ‘environment’ might have an effect on my personal ability, so she created that suit so that I can make accurate readings throughout your training.”
“That’s a rather vague explanation. If I didn’t know any better, it seems like you’re trying to keep your ability a surprise, just like Emily with her invention,” I teased my robotic assistant.
She was, however, less than amused. Her expression remained deadpan. “General Arthur, you asked for specifics of Miss Wykes’ suit, not my ability. If you are curious about my ability, please tell me so.”
“Will do,” I replied, taken aback. My training assistant, unlike Emily, didn’t seem very keen on explaining anything and everything pertaining to a certain subject. “So, Alanis, what does your ability do?”

The stoic-faced elf nodded, satisfied by my straightforward question. “After making a physical connection with an individual, I am able to utilize nature-affinity magic to accurately observe the mana flow of said individual. ”
I heard a snicker from Buhnd. Taking a peek, I saw the dwarf nearby nudging Camus with his elbow and whispering, “Hehe, physical connection indeed.”
I held back a groan while Camus simply ignored the lecherous dwarf.
“So does that make you a deviant of nature magic?” I asked, curious.
While it was common knowledge that the higher forms of wind, water, earth, and fire magic were sound, ice, gravity, and lightning respectively—with metal and magma magic specifically a dwarven specialty—little was known about what nature magic exactly was. It was acknowledged that only elves were able to utilize nature magic, which made magic researchers believe it was a sort of deviant specialty of wind and water, just like how magma was a specialized combination of fire and earth. One example of nature magic was plant manipulation, like what Tess was able to do, but I’d never heard of reading mana flow using nature magic.
“Whether my ability is an evolved form of nature magic or a specialized peripheral use of it, I am uncertain,” she answered. “However, Commander Virion tasked me with providing accurate feedback on your mana flow throughout the course of your training like I had for a few of the other lances.”
“You helped out the other lances too?” I asked. I wasn’t as much surprised by the fact that the others had been helped by her but more so that Virion hadn’t told me about Alanis until now.
“Yes,” she disclosed.
“How intriguing,” Hester chimed in. “To what extent does this sensory magic show about General Arthur?”
Alanis took out a small journal, bound by worn leather. She flipped through several pages before reading aloud, “General Arthur’s rate of mana flow upon manipulation from mana core to extremities measures at roughly point-four-six seconds for body augmentation. For spell casting, there is roughly a forty percent increase in time for wind-attribute spells and fifty-five percent increase for earth-attribute spells compared to ice and lightning-attribute spells. Fire and water magic were not used enough during the session so no readings could be made.”
“Point-four-six seconds is awfully specific. How were you able to accurately measure the time?” Camus asked, his interest piqued as well.
Alanis took out a small cube-shaped device from the inside of her suit-like jacket. “Miss Wykes generously provided me this time-counting device.”
She pressed a small button on the side and the cube began whirring before she quickly pressed it again. She showed us the top of the cube, and it showed the time, down to a fraction of a second.
“Never thought I’d see such a useless tool,” Buhnd grumbled, obviously uninterested in the analysis of these numbers.
“Nonsense. That device can measure how fast you can run from one end of the room to the other with those short stubs you call legs,” Hester jeered, a smug grin on her face.
Buhnd let a loud snort. “Why do such a plebian thing like running when I can have the earth underneath me move my feet, you old witch?”
The two began bickering once again, making me wonder what their relationship was. It wasn’t just their bickering, though; back when we were sparring, all three of the elders had had an uncanny degree of coordination, like they had fought together before.
I made a mental note to ask either Kathyln or Virion later.
Turning my attention back to the two elves, it seemed like Alanis had just finished answering Camus’ question, which I’d missed.
“I see,” the old elf replied thoughtfully. “I wouldn’t want to hassle Miss Wykes too much about this so I’ll procure some materials myself.”
“It’s really no problem at all, Elder Camus,” Emily chimed in. “I was planning on improving Arth—General Arthur’s suit anyway. Making a few more wouldn’t be much of a strain assuming I have the materials at hand.”
“What’s going on?” I whispered, leaning toward Kathyln.
“Elder Camus asked if it was possible for Miss Emeria to do readings for multiple people,” Kathyln answered, taking a step back from me.
<i>Whoops. A little too close for her. </i>

I distanced myself as well, remembering the princess had always been wary of her personal ‘bubble.’ “Does that go for you as well?”
She nodded. “I’m curious to know how the speed of my mana flow compares to others.”
The aspect of comparison brought up a whole load of questions to mind that I wanted to ask Emily, but it wasn’t the time to ask that now. Instead, I turned to my training assistant. “Alanis, what were my numbers after I used Realmhea—I mean, after my hair and eyes changed colors?”

Everyone looked at the straight-laced elf expectantly. Even Hester and Buhnd, whose squabbling—maybe even flirting—I had tuned out, stopped to hear her response. <span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>
Alanis only had to flip a single page in her notebook before answering. “General Arthur’s spell casting efficiency, from the mental invocation stage to the physical shaping of elemental mana, increased nearly five-fold throughout all spectrums of elements, and...”
“And?” Buhnd pressed while everyone held their breaths.
Alanis shook her head. “My apologies, General Arthur. I did not record your body augmentation after the change in your form.”
“It’s okay,” I consoled. “Was it because there wasn’t enough of a difference in times?”
“Oh, no. It’s not because of that,” Alanis amended, her eyes wide. “I did not record you simply because I could not. General Arthur, your body augmentation speed is already normally on par with most of the lances. After the transformation, however, your body augmentation speed was much too fast for me to even attempt to measure.”
<p class="p1">***
“How’s your brother doing these days?” I asked, hoping to fill the uncomfortable silence in the corridor.
We were walking in one of the residential floors of the castle. The clear view of the moon and stars just outside told us that training had gone far longer than intended after our in-depth discussion about the intricacies of Emily’s gadgets and Alanis’ deviant ability. With everyone either already asleep or down in the lower levels working, the castle felt almost abandoned.
“Curtis is doing much better now that Father has finally allowed him to leave the castle—under supervision, of course,” Kathyln replied with a hint of envy. “He described in his last transmission scroll how rewarding it was to be one of the assistant training instructors at Lanceler Academy.”
“You’re not so lucky, I’m guessing?”
“I had hoped that getting stronger as a mage would allow me a little more freedom, but the image my father has of me remains that of a timid little princess,” she breathed.
I chuckled. “Well, to be fair. You are pretty timid.”
“I-I have been told that I’ve become more outgoing!” Kathyln replied, flustered. “Even the idea of participating as your sparring partner was by my insisten...” Her voice trailed off.
“What was that?”
She quickened her pace, walking on ahead. “It’s nothing.”
We walked in silence once more and I found myself paying eerily close attention to Kathyln’s walking. Her footsteps had an almost lulling cadence, each footfall deliberately made on the balls of her feet to make little sound. She was small-framed but each stride exuded a confidence that seemed well-rehearsed. If I didn’t know her, just by her walk, I would’ve thought she was just another arrogant and pretentious noble.
She stopped, and by the time I raised my eyes, I found her looking back at me with just the slightest raise in her left brow. “Is everything okay?”
Realizing that I had spent the past few minute staring at her legs, I blushed. “N-No, I mean yes, everything is okay.”

“Your footsteps are very quiet; I didn’t know if you were still walking behind me,” Kathyln said, waiting for me so we could walk abreast.
“I could say the same for you,” I laughed, “If I couldn’t see you in front of me, I would’ve thought you were a ghost.”
“Mother was very strict on anything that could be seen by those around us. Curtis and I were forced to receive lessons that covered every spectrum of what is expected of royal blood,” Kathyln answered.
“Oh! My mom had Ellie go to those kinds of classes when she was little. Except for the only thing she seemed to learn was how to get out of chores by saying they were ‘unladylike,’” I breathed.
Kathyln had a faint smile. “Ellie is your sister, correct? Short for Eleanor?”
“Yeah. Have you met her? She’s usually in the outdoor balcony practicing her archery.”
“I have seen her on occasion but never talked to her,” she answered.
“She can be a bit intimidating with that bear she always takes around,” I admitted. “I’ll have to properly introduce you to her sometime. I’m sure she’d be excited to get to know you.”
Kathyln’s smile widened to a point where it actually looked like a smile. “I’d... like that.”
We continued talking as we made our way to her room. Hester was originally supposed to escort the princess back, but I wanted to get out of the training room and actually planned on getting something to eat after so I volunteered. The old mage was reluctant, but knowing Kathyln was with a lance and the excitement of measuring the fpu of her spells outweighed everything else.
She, along with the two other elders stayed behind with Emily and Alanis to measure the force of their spells. If someone were to stand absolutely still and stay quiet, it was possible to feel the castle tremble slightly every so often.
Kathyln’s room was just a few feet ahead when I remembered. “Does your guardian personally know Buhnd?”
She nodded. “All three elders know each other.”
My brows lifted in surprise. “Really? How?”
The three of them played crucial roles in the last war between human and elves. Darv sent soldiers to help Sapin during the war, which is how Hester and Elder Buhnd know each other. After the war was over, leaders from all three kingdoms were obligated to attend a summit held every couple of months in an attempt to mend broken bridges. I’ve heard of Elder Camus’ and Elder Buhndemog’s name mentioned several times by Hester. They often trained together before.”
“That explains their impressive coordination during the spar,” I noted.
I wanted to ask more about Hester and the Flamesworth House in general, but we had been standing outside of Kathyln’s door for a bit now and it felt more proper to ask Hester directly.
“Will you be okay by yourself, Princess?” I teased as Kathyln carefully unlocked her door with a touch of a palm. My room didn’t have a mana signature reader, but then again, having one probably didn’t do me much good.
“Father took extra precautions with the reinforcements in my room,” she said before taking out a familiar-looking pendant from around her neck. “I also have this.”
“That’s made from a phoenix wyrm, right?” I asked, knowing where I had seen it.
“I’m impressed you know what it is with such a brief glance,” she replied. “The artificer, Gideon, made these from the core and scale of a phoenix wyrm.”
“It’s beautiful,” I said, omitting the fact that I had bartered two of the same artifacts from Gideon almost ten years ago for the blueprints on the steam engine ship. Ellie and my mother were still wearing them now, one of the reasons why I could sleep a little easier at night.
“Thank you.” She tucked the phoenix wyrm pendant back inside her shirt. “And thank you for walking me back. I was happy to see Hester so eager but knowing her, she wouldn’t have stayed with me inside.”
“No problem,” I responded. “It’s the least I could do for taking the time to help me with my training.”
She shook her head. “It’s training for me as well. No need to thank me for that.”
“Well, then let’s train hard and get even stronger.” I stuck out a hand.
Kathyln stared at my open hand for a moment before gingerly accepting the gesture.
Both her palm and her fingers were warm to the touch—hot, even—and her hand remained absolutely still in my grip. Making sure my friendly gesture didn’t linger until an uncomfortable duration, I gently squeezed her hand before letting go. “Goodnight.”
Without even a pause, she whipped her head away and shut the door. From the other side of her door, I heard a muffled, “Goodnight, A-Arthur.”





Chapter 184
Chapter 184: Aspect of Unpredictability
Nico slapped the back of my dueling vest. “Are you ready, Grey?”
I continued the last set of my stretches, more out of anxiousness than to loosen my body. We were in the underground waiting area where dozens of other students were either practicing their techniques on the padded mats or restlessly pacing until their name was called by one of the officiators.
“Ready as I can be, I suppose,” I finally replied while swinging my arms.
“Come on. You’re going to have to be more confident than that—more hungry,” Nico pressed. “I know how hard you’ve had it, being bullied by everyone from the second and first division—”
“How could you possibly know how hard I’ve had it?” I cut in, annoyed. “Moving from Division Four into Division Three last year made their ‘pranks’—most of which ended in me having welts and broken bones—worse because I apparently didn’t ‘know my place.’”
“My bad,” Nico stammered, taken aback by my sharpness.
“You’re in the first class of Division One, respected by teachers and peers. While I’m proud of you for that, just don’t think that translates into you knowing what I’ve been through these past years.”
He nodded. “I was just trying to help.”
I let out a sigh. “It’s fine. I’m sorry for snapping at you. I’m just really sick of those nobles flaunting their house names as a badge to do whatever they want to me.”
“Yeah. It doesn’t help that most of their parents are generous donors of the academy. It only serves to have the teachers turn a blind eye to students with no family to back them like us.”
“At least they treat <i>you</i> well,” I said, sitting with my back against the cold wall. “Being better at them intellectually doesn’t seem to hurt their ego nearly as much as being better at them in combat.”
“Thank God for that,” Nico chuckled. “At least you can defend yourself.”
I agreed. “I’m just hoping the judges won’t be as unfair as they have been and let me finally get into the second division.”
“Seriously. Even if your ki level isn’t as high, taking into account your overall combat ability should have at least put you in Division Two last year. I still can’t believe they held you back even after you pummeled that mouthy kid.”
Letting out a scoff, I asked, “Remember him taunting me before the start of the match, saying he could beat me with one hand?”
Nico suppressed a laugh in fear that the boy in question was somewhere in the large room. “That match was over so quick, he didn’t even have time to take his hand out of his pocket.”
“Yet, here I am, taking part in these rigged assessment duels.” I thumped my head against the wall, letting the dull pain wash away my despair.
“About that.” Nico lowered his voice. “I heard from the other engineering students that there’s a new judge this year, said to be cold and impartial.”
I raised a brow. “How would the engineering students know about that?”
Nico let out a cough and looked away. “Supposedly, she’s also a very attractive-looking lady. You know how it is with the engineering guys; they’re a lewd bunch.”
“Seems like that includes you as well,” I smirked. “I wonder what Cecilia’s going to think when I tell her this.”
“Y-You wouldn’t.” Nico’s face blanched. “After all I’ve done to try and help you.”
Just then, a gruff voice called out my name over the intercom. “Cadet Grey to Arena Six. Failure to show will result in an automatic loss. Once again, Cadet Grey to Arena Six.”
I picked up the blunted dueling sword that was lent to me for the assessment, and winked at Nico. “I’ll keep you and your engineering dogs’ little interest to myself.”
Nico just let out a breath of defeat and motioned for me to go.

After waving back at my friend, I made my way up the wide ramp that led to the surface.<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>I had to raise a hand to shield myself from the midday sun until my eyes could adjust, and when it did I found myself in the center of a wide outdoor stadium.
Raised circular platforms dotted the large field of grass. Students and faculty members of the academy surrounded the platforms, some judging or scouting while some were just there to watch their friends or upcoming opponent.
The bleachers surrounding the stadium were dotted with people too far away to recognize, not that I would know any of them. Prior events made it easy to assume most of the adults seated were family members of students participating in today’s assessment duels.
I made my way in the direction of the sign that read ‘Arena Six,’ slipping through the crowds congested around the arenas in between.
“Great, an audience,” I mumbled to myself. There was a large group of varying age excitedly chattering amongst themselves. One portly middle-aged man had his arms up on the arena, giving last minute advice to the boy my age until the slender referee informed the man not to lean on the stage.
I barely had room to go up the stairs that lead to the elevated dueling arena, and all throughout the way, eyes bored into me. Some cast assessing gazes, trying to size me up to make their own prediction on whether their son, cousin, nephew—or whatever their relation to the boy up on the stage was—could beat me.
On the arena platform stood only me, the boy I’d be facing, and the referee. The later rounds in assessments would have a panel of ‘unbiased’ judges as well, but this was only the first.
“Make us proud, Simeon!” the portly man from earlier roared.
“You can do it, Simmy!” A curly-haired woman hooted excitedly.
“Sir, the barrier will be up soon, so please refrain from leaning forward onto the arena. I will not remind you again,” the slender referee said sternly.
“Dad, please!” the boy named Simeon groaned, shooing his father away.
Without further delay, the referee took out a key and slid it alongside the far edge of the arena. Immediately, a light flickered around us, casting a translucent wall about thirty feet high.
“Weapons in position,” the referee announced. “Traditional dueling rules apply. Match will end when one of you yields or when the protective barrier around the dueling vest shatters. Points will be earned on solid contact, not glancing blows. Cadet Grey, Cadet Simeon Cledhome, are you ready?”
I kept the blade of my sword low, gripping only with one hand, while Simeon took on a more traditional pose with both hands firmly on the handle and the blade positioned vertically out in front of him.
The two of us dipped our heads in acknowledgement, our gazes locked onto each other.
“Begin!”
Immediately, Simeon lunged, clearing the distance of over ten feet between us in a single step. He had concentrated his ki to his back leg, pushing off and redistributing back to the rest of his body after gaining the momentum he wanted to achieve—not an easy feat.
However, his burst seemed seemed like a wade through viscous waters in my eyes. By the time his sword was lined in position to stab at my vest, I was contemplating between three different courses of action.
I went with the simplest, pivoting so his blunted weapon would would barely glide across my chest.
Executing the same technique as Simeon, I concentrated ki into my back leg and torso for support. In one swift stroke, I stepped into range and spun using my leg and hips for momentum. That way, even though I didn’t enhance my arm with ki, the strength of my attack was enough to knock Simeon off his feet.
Just before my sword struck him, he managed to twist his body so his left shoulder took the force of the blow, not his vest.
“Gah!” Simeon let out a pained yell as his right hand dropped his sword and cradled his injured shoulder.
I thought for sure he’d yield so I remained in my position, my eyes shifting between the referee and Simeon.
A muted thump drew my attention, and I could see the father banging wildly at the barrier. “Get up, Simeon! Get up!”
After a series of groans and curses, my opponent was back on his feet, his left arm dangling limply by his side while his right arm struggled to hold his long sword.
I cast a look of doubt at the referee, but he shook his head. The match wasn’t over.
In an act of desperation, Simeon tried to catch me off guard while my attention was on the referee. He dashed once more, sacrificing his speed by allocating most of his ki into his arm. With his right arm strengthened, he was able to easily swing the heavy dueling sword.

His stubbornness was respectable, but the match was already over.
I struck his right hand, causing Simeon to drop his weapon immediately. Without stopping, I spun and kicked his right thigh, which was unprotected by ki.
Simeon let out a grunt while he buckled to his knee. The tip of my sword was already waiting for him underneath his chin.

“I-I yield,” he breathed.
“No!” his father protested, banging wildly against the barrier. “The boy cheated! No way my Simeon would lose to some no-named rat!”
“Enough!” The referee berated. “Cadet Simeon Cledhome’s assessment duels will take place amongst the other defeated cadets while Cadet Grey will move on. That is all!”
With that, the referee withdrew the barrier and allowed us to leave. Simeon walked down those stairs like his soul had just withered. I almost felt bad for him. His ki control was considered pretty good since most kids in my division were now getting a firm grasp on basic body strengthening, not ki allocation.
His mother immediately gave him a hug and gingerly caressed his wounded shoulder while his father stared daggers, as if his son’s loss was because of me.<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>I guess it was, so I stared back and did the respectable thing to the portly man of House Cledhome.
I smir—smiled politely. Now... if he saw that as being rude or arrogant, that was on him.
<span class="s1"><b>ARTHUR LEYWIN</b></span>
“What were you dreaming about?” a familiar coarse voice asked, startling me awake.
My eyes shot open to see Virion, his face just a foot away from my own, wrinkled with a wide grin.
“Gah!” I yelped, bolting up and nearly colliding heads with the old man.
From the side, I could hear Emily and my sister giggling while even Boo and Sylvie huffed in amusement.
“Damn it, Virion. Your face is terrifying,” I cursed, gathering my wits.
“You were smiling so widely that I just had to wake you up and find out what it was you were dreaming about,” the old elf snickered. “Was it perhaps one of <i>those</i> dreams?” he continued, waggling his eyebrows suggestively.
“Are you sure you’re fit to lead this continent’s entire army?” I groaned, fighting back the urge to roll my eyes.
The commander, who was casually sitting on the ground next to me with his back against the cold metal wall of the training room like any old elder you might find in a rural town, simply shrugged. “I’m pretty sure smiling lewdly while asleep in a public setting isn’t very fitting of a lance either.”
“It wasn’t a lewd smile!” I protested.
“It was kind of creepy,” Ellie chimed in.
“It was just a dream about when I was younger. You know, when times were simpler,” I shot back.
It wasn’t a lie. Just not the entire truth.
Ellie exchanged glances with my bond before shrugging.
<i>‘Was it another dream of your former life?’</i> Sylvie probed, concern in her voice.
<i>I wouldn’t worry too much about it, Sylv,</i> I comforted.
Turning my gaze away from my vulpine bond, I watched as Kathyln and the three elders finished warming up. Only a day had passed since the first training session, but the fact that I couldn’t get any sleep while trying futilely to extract mana out of Uto’s horns without the acclorite in my right hand absorbing it first made it feel like a week had gone by.

The last thing I had remembered was coming into the training room and seeing my sister and Boo with Virion. While Emily and Alanis prepared the training equipment she had made for Kathyln and the elders, I had sat down and talked with the commander. I had asked him about my personal training assistant and how he even found someone like her and why he never bothered to tell me.
Virion had explained how he first met Alanis while visiting a unit stationed near the southern border of Elenoir, where the Elshire Forest ended. He had stumbled upon Alanis in one of the medic’s tents helping a soldier who had gotten ambushed by the corrupted beasts. While she was only a nurse there, Virion apparently saw the true value of her deviant magic and brought her to the castle. During the time I was training in Epheotus, Virion had made all of the lances undergo evaluation by Alanis so they could improve where their mana flow was the weakest or slowest.
Virion explaining to me that corrupted beasts were what the soldiers dubbed the mana beasts infected by the Vritra was the last thing I could remember before waking up to the sight of the old man’s face hovering over mine.
Trying to shake off the lingering weariness, I got up and stretched.
“Looks like the boy is ready,” Virion exclaimed, motioning Emily over.
The artificer hurried to me, carrying the training equipment she had managed to upgrade in such a short amount of time.
Instead of the full leather armor used to bounce back the mana waves needed for Emily to record the power of my spells without interrupting Alanis’ internal readings, I now only had to attach a few bands to my arms and legs and wear a thin chestplate with the gem embedded on it.
After I finished putting on the new equipment, my training assistant approached me with her eyes glued to her notebook.
“General Arthur. I have finished compiling the training schedule for the next seven weeks catered to improving your mana flow times during body augmentation and spell casting of your lesser elements,” she said, raising her gaze to me while handing me her notebook.
“The first two weeks will be one-on-one training,” I noticed after a cursory glance. “That probably isn’t the best use of time considering I only have two months, right?”
“I agree,” she nodded, taking back her notebook, “However, your goal in all of this, General Arthur, by immersing yourself in combat scenarios involving all of the elements, was to acquire the knowledge of which elements can be best utilized depending on the situation in order to apply that in later battles, correct?”
Her thought process was a lot more technical but she got the gist of it. “Correct.”
“While it’s commendable that you’re willing to become a training dummy in order to achieve this goal, it’s impractical for one main reason.”
Her statement piqued my curiosity. “Go on.”
“It is to my understanding after your assessment with your four trainers that the main reason for your—forgive my bluntness—problem stems from how solidified your fighting style is already,” she answered. “It is to my understanding that you have previously tried to train your lesser elements before by forcibly inhibiting your strongest elements, correct?
“Yet, even after doing so, once you allowed yourself to go back to your more comfortable elements, your fighting style reverted back to what I gathered as close-combat with elemental integration in your attacks.”
“That sounds about right,” I said, thinking about what my core fighting style was. Much of my abilities had improved since my time as Grey, but my core style, which was the use of the sword and body, still existed—albeit improved after my training with the asura, Kordri.
“In order for your body to learn new ways of fighting outside of your usual methods, a slow transition is required, along with another important component: unpredictability.” I could tell the twinkle Alanis’ eyes that she was almost as enthusiastic about training regimens as Emily was about artificing.
“General Arthur, you will start off with one-on-one spars against the four training partners here today. They will trade places in random time frames so your body will not get the chance to acclimate,” she explained in a serious tone. “On top of that, for each session, you will not be able to use one element.”
“And which element is that?” I asked, looking over her notes.
The usually impassive elf had the slightest glimmer of a smile. “That will be chosen at random and switched at random, General Arthur. Unpredictability, remember?”
“It seems like my original idea of brainlessly sparring four versus one has become much more convoluted,” I chuckled.
“The training regimens she made for the other lances were just as complicated,” Virion chuckled, standing up.
After dusting off his robe, Virion headed to the door. “I’ll be by whenever to see how things progress. Alanis, don’t break Arthur. I still need him.”
Alanis nodded sternly, as if she had seriously considered it a possibility.
With that, the old elf bid us farewell. Kathyln and the elders, who had just finished warming up, showed their respects as the commander left.
“The equipment is all ready to go!” Emily exclaimed as soon as the door closed behind Virion.
I looked around at the training room, spotting Kathyln blotting her forehead with a handkerchief and Hester straightening out the creases in her tight-fitting robe. “So, who am I going up against fir—”
The ground underneath my feet abruptly shot up like a spring, ejecting me into the air.
I was startled for perhaps a split second before realizing that it had to be Buhnd. It had been less than a day since I first met the bearded ball of muscle and he was already becoming somewhat predictable.
My body was launched about twenty feet in the air and when I managed to twist myself to face my first opponent, the old dwarf was waiting for me with a wide smile, his bulging arms stretched out wide as if expecting me to hug him.
A smile creeped up on my face as I siphoned mana into my hand.
<i>At least I won’t be bored. </i>





Chapter 185
Chapter 185: Guest Teacher
“Switch!” Alanis called out just as my wind-infused fist was about to connect with Camus’ chest.
I muttered a string of curses, stopping my strike. <i>How is it that over these past few days, the matches always seem to stop at such inconvenient times? She has to be doing this on purpose. </i>
As if to answer my accusation, my trainer clarified by saying, “Exactly twenty minutes have passed. Elder Camus will be switched for Elder Hester. General Arthur, please restrict your water magic.”
I wiped the sweat pouring down my face, trying to get a breather until my next opponent arrived. Having my water magic banned meant that I couldn’t use ice as well. How frustratingly convenient for Hester, who would’ve been at a disadvantage against those two elements.
Taking a peek at the audience, I could tell everyone had been paying close attention to my last fight against Camus, my sister particularly engrossed.
The elder approached me until we were just about a dozen feet apart. Tying her long grey hair back into a bun, she readied into a dueling stance. Being a silver core mage meant that, while her strength was conjuring, she could easily augment her body. The fact that she wore tight-fitting clothes and chose to use a conjuring ring rather than the traditional staff or wand meant that she wanted the flexibility of both long range and close range combat.
“Begin,” Alanis stated, her voice amplified by the artifact she was speaking into.
Hester immediately snapped her finger, a spark igniting between her middle finger and her thumb.
The blue ember was just a distraction though.
Since I wasn’t using Realmheart, my eyes couldn’t see the fluctuations in mana, but I could feel it. My body, enhanced through assimilation with Sylvia’s dragon will, seemed to instinctively sense that I was in danger.
I quickly propelled myself back, just in time to see a burst of fire detonate where I had been standing.
The explosion caused a cloud of smoke, obstructing my view of Hester.
<i>She didn’t expect to hit me with that. She wants me to lose sight of her. </i>
I swung my arms, manipulating the cloud of dust between us to shoot forward. The rock and sand in the air froze still for a second before erupting forward into a shockwave of debris.
Like I had predicted, Hester’s form came into view. She managed to shield herself with a panel of fire. It was my turn to strike back.
Augmenting mana into my legs, I flashed forward, gathering blue fire into my fists.
I striked at the panel of fire, expecting my flame to overpower hers. Her spell disintegrated, but to my surprise, Hester was no longer behind the panel of fire she had conjured.
That’s when I felt it again, the primal instinct that told me I was in danger. This time, it came from below my feet.
Blue fire swirled beneath me before erupting into a pillar of flames. For a moment, my vision turned blue as an intense heat washed over me.
My aura blocked the attack long enough for me to manipulate the fire from harming me. If I accrued too much damage, the defensive artifact in my armor would activate, making it my loss.
Just when the heat was becoming unbearable, I was able to dispel Hester’s attack and break the pillar of fire... only to find myself surrounded by a dozen or so fiery spheres, each the height of an adult.
Judging by the fact that I couldn’t see or sense Hester, and that each globe of fire would be able to fit a grown woman inside, I knew she was in one of the globes.

If she was trying to annoy me with all of these distractions, it was working.
I stomped the ground, conjuring earthen spikes. Only half of the spikes hit its mark.
<i>Note to self. Practice aiming with earth magic. </i>
The spikes that did hit bore straight through the spheres of fire, causing them to disperse. But it didn’t take long for new spheres of flames to manifest and take their place.
Before I could strike them down again, the flaming globes brightened before launching their attacks.
Each globe seemed to have a mind of its own, as the attacks fired by them were different from each other. One globe shot a barrage of small fire bullets, while another began spinning and releasing burning crescents.
I was forced onto the defensive by the barrage of attacks coming from all directions. I erected a stone wall from the ground to block the flame bullets and launched a blade of wind at the burning crescent, detonating the fiery spell prematurely.
My mind raced, trying to think of my next move. I couldn’t keep staying on the defensive, but I had no idea which flaming sphere she was hiding inside of.
The temptation to just release Realmheart grew, but I knew that was just a shortcut into solving my inadequacy by blowing off most of my mana.
<i>Think, Arthur. How would I try to fight me if I was Hester? </i>
The only strategy I could think of was to get on my nerves until I let my guard down. That was the answer.
I let out a roar of frustration, wildly launching shockwaves of wind and blasts of fire at the globes. Of course, the ones I hit were replaced by new ones, but I continued my seemingly agitated assault.
Coalescing tendrils of lightning around my arms and legs, I flashed forward, striking down the spheres of fire up close.
For each globe I struck down, another two took its place until over thirty spheres hovered around me.
<i>Her mana pool is impressive. </i>
The spheres began undulating this time while they glowed brighter. I thought they were all going to explode, but instead each of the flaming globes shot a condensed stream of fire at me.
<i>Is this the final attack?</i> I thought, noticing that the spheres grew smaller as they released their flaming beam.
I put on my best expression of surprise and horror and waited until all of the beams were just about to hit me before I acted.
Siphoning a large amount of mana for my core, I engulfed my entire body in a suit of fire. Absolute control was necessary to keep the fire from harming me, but timing it with Hester’s last attack would make it seem like I was hit.
Even with several extra layers of pure mana and fire mana protecting me from Hester’s barrage, I felt the fire singeing the hair on my extremities. I feared for a second that I might actually come out of this bald, but my aura kept me—and the majority of my hair—safe.
I heard Ellie call out to me in horror over the roar of the flames, but I kept my focus on the opponent. I knew Hester wouldn’t let her guard down even from this.
This next part was the hard part.
One aspect to consider for a multi-elemental mage was his strength to not just know <i>when</i> to utilize each of his elements, but <i>how</i> to utilize multiple elements in conjunction to one another.
Keeping the flaming barrier around my body, I split off a part of my focus so I could manipulate the ground underneath me.

I felt my flames tremble—a sign that my concentration was wavering.
<i>Almost</i>. Enduring the growing heat around me as I manipulated a hole into the ground for me to fit inside, I waited until I finally saw Hester’s silhouette through the layer of fire between us.
<i>Now!</i>

I collapsed my protective spell just as I fell into the ground, immediately covering the ground above me so I was completely submerged below.
The earth shook at what I assumed was Hester’s next strike.
Without wasting any time, I <i>pushed </i>at the earth around me, utilizing the seismic perception spell to sense where everyone was. I felt a ripple in the earth from a different location—it was the same perception spell that I had used except far stronger.
Focusing back on the task at hand, I shaped the earth around me, allowing myself to slowly move underground.
I knew experts like Buhnd were able to traverse underground as easily as if they were underwater, but unfortunately I wasn’t at that level.
It didn’t matter, though. It was Hester’s turn to be caught off guard.
I only took two seconds to gather mana around my right first for my final attack. As soon as I was ready, I cleared the earth above me and bolted up to the surface by infusing wind mana beneath my feet.
Black lightning coiled around my right arm like a vicious serpent ready to strike. Just beneath me, standing on the ground, was Hester, her arms enveloped in a fire fashioned into long blades with thin tendrils of electricity wrapped around them—no doubt her actual finishing move.
Hester whipped around to face me just as my body descended. It was too late though. I was within striking range and she wasn’t in the safety of her fire orb.
We were playing to my strength now.
My opponent’s lips moved—whether she was cursing or chanting a spell, I couldn’t tell—as she brought up her flaming arm blades.
The black lightning tore free from my arm as I unleashed the voltaic charge at Hester. The black tendrils ripped through the air until our two spells collided.
A sphere of congealed fire and lightning formed from the impact, growing larger and brighter until it finally exploded with us in the epicenter.
<span class="s1"><b>KATHYLN GLAYDER</b></span>
The explosion obscured our view of Arthur and Hester. My eyes flitted to Arthur’s little sister; I was prepared to conjure a barrier in case the shockwave reached us, but her bond had already responded, pulling her close with its body positioned to block any remnant of the blast caused by the colliding spells.
With Arthur’s little sister the target of my concern, I forgot to protect myself from the shockwave that detonated.
I braced for impact, trying to raise a wall of ice in time, but to my surprise, the ground beneath me sank. I found myself a few feet below the surface, the shockwave passing through harmlessly above me.
After the explosion subsided, I was raised back up to come face to face with Elder Buhnd.
“Careful, Princess,” he grinned before turning his attention back to the origin of the blast.
The cloud of debris caused by the explosion subsided and I could see the two figures.

Arthur, while disheveled, was standing. My guardian, on the other hand, had fallen back—a soft pink glow surrounding her signaling that the defensive artifact had been triggered.
Elder Buhnd clasped his hands together, obviously excited. “Haha! Brilliant!”
“The artifact worked seamlessly!” Miss Watsken exclaimed from the side, excited for a different reason.
“It’s worrying that you’re this surprised about the same device meant to keep my brother from dying,” Arthur’s little sister muttered, patting the dust off of her wardrobe.
“I wasn’t surprised!” the artificer protested. “Just happy that there were no unexpected complications.”
“Mhmm.” Arthur’s sister cast one last look of doubt at Miss Watsken before turning her focus to her bond.
“What was General Arthur’s mana flow readings during that battle?” Elder Camus asked Miss Alanis. I eavesdro—listened in, curious about Arthur’s improvement over the last few days.
Miss Alanis’ eyes glowed in a myriad of colors as she assessed Arthur’s internal data. Eventually her irises reverted back to their original colors. “General Arthur’s mana flow for spell casting earth and wind have increased by four percent and two percent, respectively.”
“And that’s a... good thing?” Elder Buhnd asked, his thick brows knitted in confusion.
“The rate of General Arthur’s growth is... impressive, to say the least. It has been less than a week, yet the improvements he has made in his peripheral elements is remarkable,” she replied before recording her newest findings into her journal.
“I think you’d be more helpful in the war if you led a larger group of soldiers than trying to push that old body of yours,” a familiar voice sounded from behind us.
My eyes widened as I realized it was Commander Virion accompanied by General Bairon as well as Master Varay.
I immediately lowered my head in respect.
“No need for such formalities. I’m just here to check up on my youngest general,” Commander Virion chuckled. “Actually let me apologize in advance.”
I raised my head tentatively, locking eyes with Master Varay. My teacher of ice magic regarded me with her strong gaze before turning her attention to the aftermath of Hester and Arthur’s mock battle.
“That passive-aggressiveness is beneath you, Virion—I mean, Commander,” Elder Camus responded with a slight smile.
“Part of my job is making sure my strongest assets are being as effective as they can,” Commander Virion clipped back, smiling amiably as he squeezed Elder Camus’ shoulder.
“What are you apologizing for?” Elder Buhnd asked. “Don’t tell me you’re going to cut our play—training time short! I was just about to go next!”
“Actually, Princess Kathyln was scheduled to go first,” Miss Emeria corrected.
Master Varay approached me with a casual gait, stopping in front of me. She tenderly picked out a piece of debris that had become lodged inside my hair. “It’s been a while, Kathyln. You’ve gotten stronger.”
Blushing, I quickly combed my fingers through my hair, trying to get rid of any other signs of my unkempt appearance. “Thank you, Master. I’ve been growing in strength while training alongside the elders and General Arthur.”
She nodded before shifting her gaze behind me. I looked back to see Arthur pulling Hester back up on her feet. I could make out Arthur’s lips moving but it was impossible to hear what he was saying.
“I just arrived from a mission and have some rare time,” she began, unclipping the fur-lined cloak over her shoulders.
The rich midnight blue cloth fell to the ground, revealing Master’s signature battle attire, a minimal navy armor with gold accents that looked like a gift from the asuras when she wore it.
I stepped out of the way and let her pass, already knowing what she was going to ask.
“At least the show’s going to be entertaining,” Elder Buhnd grumbled as he sat down on a stone chair he had just conjured.
“Umm, G-General Varay. I’m not sure the artifact has enough fuel to withstand a duel of this caliber,” Emily said, raising a shaky hand.
Without breaking stride, Master Varay locked eyes with Arthur. Even in his disheveled and worn out state, my former classmate’s eyes gleamed as his mouth curved into a smile.
“Bairon. Help Miss Watsken fuel up her artifact for my little skirmish against our newest lance.”





Chapter 186
Chapter 186: Beauty in Magic
I watched as Arthur and my master stood face to face just a dozen feet apart. Their presence collided terrifyingly, submerging the room in a heavy shroud as they merely waited.
Finally, Miss Watsken’s strained voice croaked from behind as if she was already regretting what she was about to say. “Th-The barrier is ready... I think.”
Her voice was soft, but Master and Arthur must’ve heard because the auras thickened around them. A shimmering veil of bluish silver surrounded my master unlike Arthur’s aura, which was myriad of different hues—no doubt because of his multiple affinities.
Commander Virion, along with the elders and even General Bairon watched in silence, each of them afraid to blink in case they might miss anything. I could sympathize with them, I was standing as close as I could without endangering myself.
Just the mere sight of them was awe-inspiring. I felt a sense of pride watching my master and the presence she had in a room filled with masters of magic. I had no doubt that, regardless of<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>the many sparring sessions I could provide for Arthur, training just once with Master was more valuable.
Suddenly, Master’s body flickered and disappeared. Arthur reacted instantly, his form flashing away just in time to dodge Master’s first strike.
Where her frozen lance pierced the ground, ice spread.
Arthur seemed to want to test his own ice magic against Master, because he responded by hurling a shockwave of frost.
With a flick of her wrist, Master dispersed the shockwave, using Arthur’s frost to fuel her own magic. The white mist swirled, forming into a dozen spears of ice around Master. She clutched her fist and the ice spears beckoned to her call, shooting at her opponent.
As impressive as Master’s control over ice was, Arthur’s speed in dodging her barrage was even more splendid. His body seemed to have split and multiplied from the afterimages. I had heard that he was able to go even faster, but that his body wasn’t able to handle the stress.
Someone beside me clicked their tongue. I turned to see Buhnd with an expression of frustration. “I see the young General was holding back on us.”
“Arthur has a tendency to hold back with anyone he even suspects is weaker than him. Against Varay, he can go at full strength,” Commander Virion said, his arms crossed.
“Why isn’t he using that form of his—Realmheart, I think he called it,” Hester asked, her face still strained from her duel against Arthur.
“I think it’s so he can enjoy the fight longer,” a light voice answered. “It’s not everyday you can see my brother look so happy.”
Arthur’s little sister was watching atop her bond as if in a trance. She had the same gaze I often saw Arthur have when he was truly focused on something. They really did resemble one another.
A loud crash drew my attention back to the battle. Where there was once only a dirt field was now a snowy expanse. Master, who had just blocked an attack from Arthur, waved her arm and manipulated the snow around her. A vortex of frost swirled to life, forming into a spiraling serpent.
Elder Buhnd whistled in appreciation as all gazes followed Master’s creation. A snowy frost formed the long body of the dragon while the jagged claws and fangs were made of ice.
The ice dragon opened its maw at Arthur, who readied himself. Brilliant blue flames coiled around his arms, melting the snow around him as his gaze remained locked on the mighty dragon.

“Smart move, giving up on playing to her strengths,” Hester praised.
Arthur lowered his stance, digging his back legs into the ground for support before he unleashed his fiery attack.
The coiling vines of blue fire around his arms conjoined before erupting into a devastating blast at the frost dragon.
Their two opposing spells crashed, enveloping the two of them in an expanding sphere of steam and debris.
“Care!” Elder Camus grunted, conjuring a barrier of wind around all of us.
We all braced ourselves for the shockwave that ripped out from the collision. The ground trembled and cracked while pieces of rock and ice bombarded the protective spell around us.
As the cloud of steam and dust faded, I could see two figures in the air. Master was flying with two dozen spheres of frost the size of her fists circling around her. Arthur was slowly descending, using wind magic to stay somewhat afloat.
With a wave of his arms, Arthur unleashed a torrent of wind blades at Master. However, before the crescents reached her, they seemed to slow and fall off course.
“Air pressure gets reduced when air cools,” Arthur chuckled. “Don’t I feel stupid for that last attack.”
“Admitting your shortcomings is a step forward,” Master acknowledged with the slightest hint of a smirk on her face.
With a flick of her wrist, the spheres of frost launched forth toward Arthur but not directly at him.
Arthur seemed to sense the danger they posed because he immediately covered himself in a whirlwind of blue fire.
“He’s utilizing both fire and wind to amplify the power of his spell,” Hester remarked.
Just as the spheres of frost were about to explode, Arthur unleashed his fiery tempest. The blue fire roared to life, engulfing Master’s spell.
The swirling gale of fire remained, hiding Arthur within. I expected the blue flames to soon dissipate, but instead the embers swirled as if being sucked in.
That’s when I saw it.
The blue flames had converged, coating Arthur’s giant spear of lightning in a layer of blue flames.
“Not bad,” General Bairon admitted, his gaze locked on the fearsome spear of fire and lightning.
“It would’ve been good if he could manipulate metal for the base of his attack,” Elder Buhnd muttered.
As Arthur’s body slowly descended in the air, he hurled his spell. Just as the fire and lightning spear was released from his hand, a gust of wind swirled around him and his attack. The spear ripped through the sky, accelerating rapidly from the added wind he had added last minute.

Elder Camus nodded in approval. “Using wind as a supportive spell.”
Master was obviously weary of the strength of Arthur’s spell because she conjured layers and layers of protective barriers of ice.
Unfortunately, Arthur seemed to have predicted this because the layer of fire surrounding the spear of lightning melted through every layer of protection that Master conjured.

Most of the people present seemed to be anxious whether or not Master would be able to block Arthur’s attack, but I knew better. While I wanted to root for Arthur, I knew that he wasn’t the only one holding back.
The elemental spear exploded upon contact with Master’s body throwing her back in the air with her form engulfed in fire and lightning. Arthur landed on the ground, his body slumped just a tad forward from exhaustion.
“So she used <i>that</i> form,” General Bairon smirked.
Arthur’s sister and those who didn’t know what he was talking about looked at him in confusion, but I was already expecting it. I had learned <i>that</i> form from her afterall.
“I suggest you take it a step higher as well, General Arthur,” Master said, her form now visible.
It was the form that Arthur had referred to as an ice “ninja”, except a few stages higher. Master was now completely clad in frost as if her very body was carved out of ice. Every strand of hair looked like crystalline thread while her eyes glowed a bright blue.
Arthur smirked, looking up in appreciation. “I suppose it is time to bring this to a close.”
He closed his eyes and let out a breath. That casual action seemed to change the entire atmosphere in the room. While Master’s form exuded a presence of awe, Arthur was distorting the very space around him.
I had seen this form before, yet it still caused shivers to run down my spine.
Arthur opened his eyes, his iris now a magnificent lavender hue and his long auburn hair a brilliant white. That wasn’t it though. Arthur was muttering something under his breath. Soon after, a surge of black lightning enveloped his body.
“Oh-Oh my,” Miss Watsken muttered. “G-General Bairon. Would you mind charging more of your mana into the artifact?”
“Good idea,” Hester agreed. “We’ll help out as well. Buhnd, you should make a bunker around us.”
Soon, the earth around us sunk a few feet so that we all had to stand to see the fight and the distance were two distinct figures. One looked like a translucent statue carved by a master sculpture<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>while the other seemed like a mighty deity in human form.
“So. Do you think you can beat Arthur in a fight?” Commander Virion casually asked General Bairon.
The lance remained silent as he imbued the crystal on Emily’s panel, his hardened gaze focused on Master and Arthur.
I turned my attention back to them as well just in time to hear a series of pops in the space between them.

“What’s happening?” Arthur’s sister asked, squinting her eyes.
<i>I’m not sure either,</i> I thought.
“General Arthur is spell casting, but for some reason, it’s not visible,” Miss Emeria explained, confused as well.
“The boy is countering Varay’s spells before it even manifests,” General Bairon answered, gnashing his teeth.
“How is that possible?” Hester asked.
“It has something to do with that form,” Commander Virion replied, his sharp eyes wide in amazement.
The ‘pop’ sounds were that of mana colliding and cancelling each other out, I realized.
Arthur’s form blurred and disappeared, only to reappear behind Master, his leg high in the air. He struck and a shockwave of mana and electricity ripped out, but was immediately met with a blast of icy frost.
Master responded with a swing of her arm. Arthur parried with a hand, but the ground beneath them shattered from the force.
Arthur and Master were now engaging in melee combat. Every time Master tried to form a spell, they dissipated immediately.
Still, she seemed to be holding her own against Arthur. She had formed a crystalline sword in each of her hands while Arthur had one as well, except a little thinner.
Their ice swords chipped with each block, strike and parry, their broken remnants sparkling from the reflection of the room’s lights. Both of their weapons were formed from ice, yet only Arthur’s conjured sword seemed to break while Master’s sword remained strong.
Despite this disadvantage, however, I could tell that in such close range combat, Arthur had the upper hand. His movements—the ones I could see—were fluid yet unpredictable. Each slash and stab connected into one neverending combination of attacks all the while forming a new sword of ice every time his previous weapon broke. Even from my untrained eyes, I could tell that each of his attacks had meaning, like he was slowly guiding my Master in an elegant dance.
What enraptured my total focus more, however, wasn’t his stunning swordplay, but his expression. He was smiling—practically beaming.
<i>Ah, he is having fun, </i>I thought, my mind straying to the last moment in time when I considered magic as fun.
Unable to recall a particular instance, I concentrated on Master’s fight. <i>It’s a rare opportunity for Master to exhibit so much of her ability. I need to take notes. </i>
Arthur was fighting straightforwardly, while Master attempted to incorporate long ranged attacks while simultaneously striking at Arthur. However, because of his ability to seemingly counter every spell, she was left with only close range combat.
“Oy, Camus. Want to bet? I think that the young general is going to win this one,” Elder Buhnd muttered, his eyes locked on to the battle.
“It’s hard to gauge who has the upper hand,” Elder Camus responded, not answering his companion’s actual question. “General Arthur’s speed and reflexes are several steps above General Varay’s, but General Varay’s defense seems to be able to allow for more error.”
“I agree,” Hester added. “Most of General Arthur’s strikes can’t penetrate through that ice-clad form of her’s, while she seems to have the flexibility of manipulating that armor into whatever shape or weapon she wants.”
“Incredible. General Arthur’s mana flow speed is constantly accelerating,” Miss Emeria breathed, shifting her gaze between her notepad and Arthur.
“So do you want to bet or not?” Elder Buhnd grumbled.
“I will wager on General Varay,” Hester declared.
“General Arthur for me,” Elder Camus replied.
“Varay for me,” General Barion stated.
Commander Virion chuckled. “Let’s see who wins.”





Chapter 187
Chapter 187: Offensive Mindset
Looking up, I locked eyes with Varay as she was turning back into her normal form, the ice enveloping her slowly thawing.
“Good duel, General Arthur,” Varay acknowledged extending a hand.
I grabbed her arm and allowed her to pull me up to my feet. “As expected, there’s still a gap between us.”
“If you were able to hold that form for an extended period of time, there was a chance you could’ve overpowered me,” the lance admitted.
“I consider that form a borrowed power, not my own,” I chuckled, patting the dust off of my clothes. “I thought I mastered ice to a large extent but seeing you today makes me doubt myself.”
Varay revealed just the faintest glimmer of a smile before heading toward where my sister and the rest of our audience were.
As soon as we made it back to the group, the elders, Bairon and Virion—who had been exchanging gold coins with each other for reasons unknown—eagerly began bombarding me with suggestions and tips on what I did wrong during my sparring session with Varay.
“Your fire spells are strong but you expended an unnecessary amount of mana for each of them,” Hester began.
“That’s right,” Buhnd chimed in. “And there were many instances where utilizing your earth magic would’ve been more beneficial, yet you chose to revert back to your comfortable affinities.”
My head spun as I tried to keep eye contact with everyone who was talking to me until Alanis spoke up. “Elders. I believe it’d be most beneficial for General Arthur if we spoke one at a time in a more controlled setting.”
“I agree,” General Virion added. “Let’s gather around and examine what our young general did wrong!”
With that, I found myself on a stone chair, graciously erected by Buhn, sitting in circle like a child and his classmates for a group activity. Except my classmates were perhaps some of the most powerful and influential figures in all of this continent.
Ellie and Boo joined us in the circle but remained silent while everyone else began pointing out specific instances in my last fight where there was something better I could’ve done.
“Using wind to bolster up your spells was a good idea, but your application of it was surface level,” Camus explained. “For example, instead of using the wind to ‘push’ the lightning spear, why not integrate it around the entire spell itself? That way, you’d create a spinning force to strengthen its piercing power without using that much more mana.”
I was mulling over the elven elder’s analysis when another voice spoke up. It was Bairon.
“Because of the element’s very nature, shaping lightning is much harder than shaping fire. A more efficient attack would’ve been molding the fire into a piercing shape and coating it with lightning,” he said sternly.
“Th-Thanks... for the advice,” I said, surprised by his help. I understood that we were on the same side and all, but I was still the one that had brutally killed his brother.
Don’t get me wrong, Lucas deserved every ounce of what I did to him and more, but that didn’t stop Bairon from taking my actions on his family personally.
“Allow me to just give one insight,” Varay said. “Your control over ice is good, but as your opponent, it was too predictable for me that your ice magic merely served as a distraction. I’m sure Princess Kathyln saw this as well.”
The princess nodded. “Besides the spell Absolute Zero, most of his ice manipulation serves to divert his foe’s attention from his more powerful lightning spells.”
<i>Have I become that predictable?</i>
As if answering my thought, Varay added, “Your speed and spell chaining make up for this slight shortcoming, but I suspect that—in a prolonged battle—this can lead to your defeat.”
“I’ll keep your advice in mind. Thank you”—I shifted my gaze to Kathyln—“both of you.”
Virion used this opportunity, rising from his stone seat and clasping his hands. “Well, I apologize for our little interruption. Carry on with the training, Arthur. My expectations of your growth are high, especially since you’re taking time off from the battlefield.”
The commander shot me a wink before walking toward the entrance with his hands behind his back. The two lances followed close on either side of him and my eyes followed their figures until the large doors closed behind them.

“That was exhausting,” Emily said, letting out a deep breath.
“Being in a room with two lances and Commander Virion really leaves no room to breathe,” my sister added, falling forward on top of Boo’s furry back.
“Three lances,” I corrected. “Your brother’s a lance too, you know.”
“Well, you’re my brother first,” she dismissed with a wave of her hand.
I got up from my seat and stretched my sore limbs. “I’ll take that as a compliment.”
“Is training done for today?” Kathyln asked, her eyes downcast.
Emily walked over to the panel, carefully reading one of the gauges. “Well, there’s still a lot of mana stored in here from earlier if you want to continue training.”
“Sounds like a plan!” Buhnd exclaimed, shooting up from his seat. “I’ve been itching to stretch my body after watching the fight. You down for little match, Princess?”
Kathyln eagerly nodded and followed behind the dwarven elder to the other end of the training grounds.
“I think I’ll head on up first,” my sister said, mid-yawn.
“Do you want me to walk you to your room?” I asked.
Ellie shook her head, patting Boo’s thick body. “That’s what I have Boo for.”
I nodded, shooting her a smile. “Good night.”
Her eyes half closed, she gave me a weak salute. “Good night, elders. Good night, Emily. Good night, Miss Emeria. And good night, <i>Lance</i> Arthur.”
I scoffed. “Cheeky girl.”
My sister batted her eyes innocently before trotting out of the room, leaving only Emily, Alanis, and the two remaining elders.
“Your sister is very different from you, General Arthur,” Alanis commented.
I couldn’t help but smile. “She definitely takes more after our father.”
“And you resemble more of your mother?” the elven assistant asked, her eyes focused on Kathyln and Buhnd’s figures.
I watched the two of them as well, adjusting their dueling equipment before beginning their spar. “I’m not sure. I’d like to think that I’m a mixture of both of them.”
“Who else would you resemble if not either of them?” Hester asked.
I simply shrugged, unable to form a better response, when I heard a yawn from behind.
Looking back over my shoulder, I could see Emily’s head bobbing as she struggled to stay awake.
“Emily,” I called out, startling the artificer.
Emily fumbled with the dials on her panel as if she had been working. “I’m not sleeping!”
“No one said you were,” I chuckled. “But maybe you should get some rest.”
“General Arthur is right,” Alanis stated. “I have basic knowledge of how to operate the device from watching.”

The artificer let out another yawn, adjusting her glasses. “Thank you, but it’s okay. I need to collect more data and compare the fpu from General Varay and Arthur’s last battle.”
“Speaking of that, you haven’t really given us any of the data during my training sessions with the elders over the past few days,” I said.
“I’ve been wondering about that as well,” Camus added, turning his gaze from Kathyln and Buhnd’s duel. “I’m curious as to see how my spells measure.”

“Yes, of course. However, the numbers won’t really have any meaning to them individually,” Emily explained. “I currently have a few assistants in several academies testing out lower end versions of this artifact to get recordings from the students there so we could gather a wide enough spectrum.”
“Ah, so the fpu was more intended to be used to compare amongst other mages?” I confirmed.
The artificer nodded excitedly. “Exactly! I can, however, compare the fpu readings between the mages present here, however I’d be more confident in the overall measurements after more data.”
Camus’ lips curved into a smile, his eyes hidden behind silvery-blond bangs. “I wonder who amongst us oldies is the strongest.”
The two elders soon fell into a discussion on who they thought was the strongest while I focused my gaze back on Kathyln and Buhnd.
The duel was drawing to a close. Kathyln was almost completely out of breath while Buhnd had just barely broken a sweat. Spikes of ice and earth surrounded them and small craters littered the ground, but neither had accrued any visible wounds besides fatigue. It wasn’t until the princess finally dipped her head in a bow that the duel was over.
“Are you up for a little stretch with this old elf?” Camus suddenly asked, turning to me. “I want to show you something.”
My mana pool was almost completely depleted and my limbs ached, but the elder piqued my interest. “Sure. Only if Hester doesn’t mind.”
“Don’t mind me,” Kathyln’s guardian dismissed. “I’ll stay here and judge you both from afar.”
The two of us passed by Buhnd and Kathyln on our way to the other end of the training room. I stuck out my hand to the princess, expecting a high-five. Instead, all I got was a confused gaze before she shyly clasped my hand between her hands.
I suppressed a laugh, scolding myself for expecting a princess to know a casual greeting that might not even exist in this world.
“Are you two done?” Camus asked with a smirk.
Kathyln, who I realized was still holding onto my hand, quickly let go and scurried off.
Positioning ourselves a few feet apart, I tightened the bands around my limbs and readied myself to start.
Camus lowered his stance, holding out one an open palm at me. “Before we begin, I want you to throw a punch at me right here.”
“What?”
“A punch, right here in this palm that I have so elegantly held out.”
“Just a punch?” I confirmed, confused.
“An augmented punch, one that you would throw at your enemies.” He spread his legs a bit wider. “Come on, I’m ready.”
“Okay.” I shrugged before clearing the few feet of ground between us. Planting my foot just below his extended arm, I turned my hips, waist, shoulder and arm in one fluid motion. Mana coursed up, flowing in conjunction with the punch to produce a concise, explosive effect without wasting a drop of mana.
As soon as fist was about to hit Camus’ palm, however, it suddenly felt like I was trying to force my fist through a thick layer of tar. I could see my own fist slowing, barely making a noise, as it fell gently into Camus’ open hand.
The old elf grabbed my fist and bobbed it as if we were shaking hands. “Hello.”
I snatched my hand out of his grasp. “What the hell was that?”

“You’re a smart lad, figure it out,” the elder answered.
Gazing down at my unharmed fist, I went through what had just happened. After my initial surprise died down, it was fairly easy to deduce that he had somehow used wind to cushion my punch, except I had barely felt any mana fluctuations surrounding his hand.
“Figured it out yet?” Camus asked.
My brows furrowed in thought. “You somehow you used wind to slow my punch.”
“A tad broad for an answer, don’t you think?” The elder let out a chuckle. “I had an inkling during these past few days but your duel with General Varay was what made me sure.”
“Can we try that again?” I asked, taking a step back.
He held up his palm again. “Sure.”
I punched him again, resulting in the same effects. I punched him once more, not able to grasp how exactly he was using wind to achieve this effect.
“One more time,” I said, frustration leaking out of my voice.
Basic mana theory stated that collision of like elements weakened each other or canceled completely based on mana output.
Utilizing the theory that I had learned from one of the many books I had read as a baby, I augmented my fist with wind attribute mana.
I restrained my mana output since dispersing Camus’ technique wasn’t my goal. As I punched again, this time I felt it. The air pressure.
My fist struck more firmly this time, sounding a solid <i>smack</i> that made the elf take a step back.
He rubbed his injured hand. “You caught on quick.”
“You used air pressure!” I beamed excitedly. “You created a vacuum around me and highered the air pressure in your palm to slow down my fist.”
The elder tilted his head. “You use strange terms, but it sounds like you got the gist of it.”
“That’s brilliant! How did you think of doing that?” I asked, unable to contain my excitement.
This was a world where scientific progress was miles away from where I had come from. However, Camus had figured out how to utilize an advanced principles of air pressure on not just himself, but on his opponent as well to create a powerful effect.
<i>Why didn’t I think of that?</i> I asked myself. I had the knowledge in me, yet I failed to apply it to such an important aspect of this world.
Camus’ voice snapped me back to reality. “You’re probably thinking ‘why didn’t I think of that’, right?”
I looked up. “Y-Yeah.”
“It’s what I suspected early on,” Camus answered. “Hester, Buhnd, the princess, and myself are all here because you wished to immerse yourself in all elements in hopes that you pick up little bits of how we utilize our magic so you can incorporate it into your own style, right?”
“Basically,” I agreed.
The elder’s voice grew sharp. “Well, the problem lies in that your ‘style’ is so skewed toward offense, that you never even thought to use the myriad of elements that you have at your disposal in defensive measures, aside from the blatantly obvious way of raising a wall.
“You’ve only thought of wind in the form of either a blade or a tornado. You think of earth as a spike or a wall, yet truly mastering these elemental affinities mean knowing the subtleties of their nature that might not always be visible or geared toward killing your enemy,” Camus chided, his usual sardonic demeanor gone. “I saw you studying those marks on the ground during Buhnd’s duel with the princess. Do you know what that’s from?”
The obvious answer would’ve been a crater from an attack, but I knew that wasn’t it so I shook my head. “No, I don’t.”
“Master’s in earth magic can redirect the force of an opponent’s attack into the ground below them. Doing so accurately can negate nearly all of an attacker’s physical assault.”
I stood still, unable to form a response.
Camus let out a sigh. “You’re technically in a higher position than me so I suppose it’s rude for me to lecture, but let me just end with this. Your utilization of the elements is good—great, in fact. However, you constantly choose to shape your spells and attacks around either hurting your opponent or buffing yourself to dodge your opponent, and while that may be good for one-on-one duels, the battles you’ll face won’t always be like that. The time you have here is short, so let’s make it count.”
I realized it had been a while since I’ve been lectured like this. It left a sour taste on my tongue but it was humbling.
Camus held out a hand and smiled.
“You’re right. Thank you, Camus.” I returned the gesture, clasping his hand.





Chapter 188
Chapter 188: Dragon Steps
“You gotta do better than that, <i>young general</i>,” Buhnd grinned, wagging his finger.
Infusing fire into the mini gales of wind I had in my palms, I prepared to try and hit the dwarven elder once more when a barrage of wind orbs hailed down from above.
With a click of my tongue, I ignored Buhnd’s provocation and focused my attention on Camus’s assault. I easily dodged the orbs of wind until the ground beneath my feet rose and stiffened around my leg, rendering me immobile.
One of the wind orbs nicked me in the shoulder, but it felt like I had been hit by a cannonball.
I held back the need to curse and just gritted my teeth through the pain.
<i>That’s how you want to play. </i>
My initial reaction was to raise up a wall of earth or ice in hopes to block Camus’ barrage, but through these past few days, I’ve been constantly trying to think of better ways to combat certain situations.
This oftentimes meant running variou scenarios and trying to think of multiple ways around it while taking into account cost of mana and physical stamina.
The orbs of wind felt almost solid, but it was actually a whirlwind packed into a sphere. Tossing out my usual response of erecting a solid wall in hopes to deter the wind spell, I enveloped my arms in condensed gales of wind.
Rather than trying to block the attack, I used my wind gauntlets to redirect the wind orbs. As I expected, the clash of winds propelled Camus’ spheres in different directions.
“You <i>both</i> are going to have to do better than that,” I smirked, aiming the wind gauntlets down. With another thought, I shot my gauntlets at the stone cast trapping my legs to the ground.
“Interesting concept,” Camus said approvingly as he remained floating above me in a swirl of wind.
“That cockiness will be the death of you,” Buhnd added with an eager smile.
The old dwarf began running toward me as chunks of the ground began congregating around him, forming an armor of stone mid-charge. Meanwhile, Camus kept his distance and prepared another spell.
I expected another barrage of wind from the elf but instead, a gale formed right behind the dwarf, abruptly accelerating his charge so that his stone fist was in range before I could blink.
Buhnd was fast but I still had time to react—or so I thought.
When I tried to raise my arm to block his augmented fist, I was met with resistance. Again, the familiar sensation of my body being submerged in a viscous liquid washed over me.
Camus, while accelerating Buhnd’s movement, was also increasing the air pressure around me to slow me down.
Before I could break out of his spell, my face was met with the loving touch of Buhnd’s giant stone fist.
My vision flashed black for a split second and I found myself on the ground with Buhnd’s stone-clad form just a few feet away.
Ignoring the high-pitched ringing in my ear, I forced myself to focus. The gears in my mind whirred into overdrive and I found myself thinking about the crevices that formed in the ground whenever Buhnd sparred. Every time he was met with a physical attack, a crater formed beneath his feet as if a meteor had collided.
At first, I thought it was the force of the spells that caused the ground to cave below Buhnd but I knew it wasn’t as simple as that.
“Try to block this!” Buhnd exclaimed, raising a rock arm in the air. The stone that made up the thick armored fist shifted and convulsed as if it was coming to life. Buhnd’s stone-clad arm soon changed shape into that of a giant hammer twice his size.
A rush of wind coated the hammer as it was about to drive down into me.
<i>If that hits me, I’m done for sure.</i>
The memories of the craters Buhnd had formed continued to flash in my mind when it suddenly clicked.
Still laying on the ground, I raised a hand directly in the path of the giant hammer. I augmented my body but not in the protective way I normally did. Instead, I envisioned a tunnel-like path of earthen mana both inside and outside of my body.

I spotted a trace of hesitation on Buhnd’s face but there was no way for him to stop his attack now that it was just inches away from me.
<i>If this doesn’t work, I’m going to be in a lot of pain,</i> I thought.
The hammer struck my palm like a nail and I could feel my whole body protest. Normally, if I attempted to block that strong of an attack with just a hand, my arm would’ve shattered, but instead, the ground below me took the force.
I found myself in the epicenter of a crater the size of my room with my hand still stretched out. My arm, shoulder, ribs and back felt sore, but I had succeeded.
Buhnd, still wearing his armor of stone, looked down at me in disbelief until a smile crept up on his bearded face. “You’re a bit scary, General.”
I stifled a laugh, attempting to get up off my back when a surge of pain rushed up.
I lied. It wasn’t just my a few parts of my body that felt sore, it was every fiber of my body.
“O-Oww,” I croaked, finally succeeding in sitting up.
Buhnd dispersed his earthen armor and stuck out a burly hand. “It hurts, doesn’t it?”
“Extremely,” I admitted. “You made it look like nothing.”
“Well, I have better control over that technique than you do, and I wouldn’t be stupid enough to try and divert the force of an attack that strong in the first place,” the dwarf replied. He tried to straddle my arm over his shoulder, except, my legs were awkwardly dragging on the ground due to our differences in height.
“Here, let me help,” Camus said as he floated down to the ground. An updraft lifted me up to my feet as Camus dipped his head below my other arm.
“I was just about to carry the boy like the princess he is.” Buhnd gave me a wink.
Rolling my eyes, I leaned on Camus. “Leave me with some dignity.”
“You took a risk, but I’m guessing it was worth it?” Camus scoffed, his eyes still covered behind his bangs.
“For now, yes, but we’ll see how my body feels about this tomorrow morning,” I groaned, limping alongside the elf.
My sister came running to me, her gaze laced with concern. “Are you okay? I mean, I know you’re strong and all but that was a <i>big</i> crater you just made.”
Emily, who was following behind my sister, adjusted her glasses as she peered out at the sparring zone. “Luckily the crater didn’t reach the disks underground.”
“Thanks for your concern, Ellie,” I smiled wearily before turning my gaze to my assistant close behind. “I should be fine, ... right, Alanis?”
Her eyes shifted into its multicolored hue for a second before turning back to its original colors. “The shock disrupted your mana flow, which is the cause of your internal pains. I suggest you get some rest, General Arthur.”
“Good idea,” Buhnd agreed. “I remember my first attempts in trying the force diversion spell. You’re lucky to have gotten away with just some soreness.”
“Or skilled,” my sister pointed out smugly.
Buhnd laughed. “Or skilled.”
“Hester and Princess Kathyln are away visiting Prince Curtis at Lanceler Academy anyway,” Camus mentioned, carefully setting me down.
“Ooh, I can just imagine the eyes of those would-be knights glistening with sweat when they see the princess,” Emily sighed. “I should’ve gone with her.”
My sister nodded wistfully. “Me too. I heard from my friend that a lot of the guys there are good looking... and toned.”
“Eleanor! You’re only twelve!” I sputtered.
“Don’t ‘Eleanor’ me! I’m a curious lady isolated from the world because of my distinguished upbringing of being the cherished sister of this continent’s youngest lance!” she lamented, wiping away a nonexistent tear.
Emily fell into a fit of laughter while even Alanis looked amused as I stared at my sister.

“Don’t be so overprotective! I had my first wife when I was your sister’s age,” Buhnd snorted.
“Well humans and dwarves have different societal standards for these kinds of things,” I protested.
“Ooh, you’re being racist, Brother.” My sister shook her head disapprovingly as Buhnd clutched at his heart in mock despair. Meanwhile, Camus and Alanis had a look of amusement but neither seemed to have any intentions of backing me up.

I clicked my tongue. “Well, <i>Lady</i> Eleanor, I’m sure the boys will be flocking toward you knowing that your brother can choose to wipe them off the face of the continent with a flick of his finger.”
Ellie’s face paled as she gasped. “You wouldn’t.”
Satisfied with her reaction, I simply shrugged, letting her imagination take over before making my way to the edge of the training room.
I took a seat against the cold wall, taking a breath as I watched Emily and my sister pack some of the training equipment while Buhnd was talking to Alanis.
Camus sat beside me. “Your sister is quite the character.”
“Yeah,” I chuckled.
The old elf let out a sigh. “You must be worried about her with the war going on.”
“She and my parents are a big part of why I’m a part of this war,” I answered staring blithely at the sight of my sister and Emily laughing amidst their conversations.
“Understandable,” Camus replied. “Protecting your loved ones is the biggest motivator for soldiers out in battle, but it’s also the loss of the one you want to protect that causes soldiers to stray away.”
“It sounds like speak from experience,” I said seriously, turning my gaze to him.
“An old story for another time, but yes. It’s the reason why I remained in seclusion for so long.”
I blinked. “But Virion mentioned you’re the head of a unit now?”
“An empty title. After I lost my wife and my vision during the last war, I had no intention of ever fighting again,” he muttered. “Before this, I just gave my inputs to the acting head.”
“Wait. Your vision?” I repeated, my brows furrowed in confusion.
Camus lifted his silver-blonde bangs to reveal two closed eyes with a jagged scar running through both lids.
“Hold on. You’re telling me you weren’t able to see this entire time?” I blurted, unable to take my gaze off of him.
“Surprised?” the elf smirked, letting his bangs fall back over his face.
“Of course I’m surprised. We’ve been training for a few weeks together and not once did I suspect anything. I mean aside from your combat prowess, your mannerisms and behavior don’t give away the fact that you can’t see.”
“I can still see,” he corrected. “Seeing with your eyes is such a plebian practice when your control over wind allows you to sense even the smallest change around you.”
I let out a sharp breath, amazed. After a moment of silence, I asked, “Is that what you’ve been practicing after retiring?”
“It definitely took a large part of my time,” he scoffed.
“I-I bet,” I nodded, wondering if he could tell what I was doing.
“At my level, sensing the movement in air from you nodding is easy,” he said as if reading my mind. “But I can’t see the details of expressions, which is why I’ve been told I can come off as rude or crass.”
“I see—no pun intended,” I quickly corrected.
“Don’t be so mindful. I’ve come to terms with it fairly quickly,” he dismissed.

I hesitated. “Do you... ever miss it?” <i>Of course he’d miss it, you dolt. Who wouldn’t miss having one of their senses.</i>
“At times,” he said mildly. “But at the same time, the fact that the last thing I saw with my eyes was my wife allows me to keep her intact inside me.”
<i>Do not cry, Arthur. Do not cry.</i>
“That’s sad but... sweet,” I mustered, struggling to keep my voice from trembling. “I’d love to hear your story sometime.”
“You’re young, General Arthur. Nothing good comes out of hearing tragic stories when there’s a whole war ahead of you,” Camus replied, clearing his throat. “Now off you go. Get some rest and come back tomorrow with a fresh mind.”
I carefully got up to my feet. “Okay... I’ll see you tomorrow then.”
Camus waved directly at me, no signs that his vision was impaired. “And if I get a whiff of you even thinking about going easy on me, now that you know, I will knock you down so hard...”
“Don’t worry,” I said shaking my head. “I’m actually a little more scared of you now.”
The elf’s lips curved into a content smile. “Good.”
My sister and her bond followed Alanis and Emily to the artificer’s work station at the castle after mentioning that her bow needed some repairs and fine tuning. My training assistant had been gathering extensive notes on a daily basis during the training but had refused to share them with me.
Alanis said that the training was going the way she had designed and any more information shared with me might deter my training at this point. She promised to reveal her findings on my mana flow growth next week, after more data from Emily’s artifacts has been gathered.
Walking down the empty hall during the dead of night these days have been a time for my own thoughts to wander. I thought a lot about the memories of my past life that have been resurfacing which made me think deeper about the even bigger question of what I was doing in this world.
My skeptical self refused to believe that all of this was a coincidence but I had nowhere near enough information to find out how I came to this world or dimension.
I knew that the asuras, mainly Lord Indrath, knew more about me than he had shared, but I’d get any sort of answers from him without something in return. I had some hope that if Dicathen came out of this war victorious, Lord Indrath would be more inclined to share some insights about me, but that was only a hope. A more sure way to get some answers, and also the reason why I refused to accept the artifact given to lances, was by surpassing the white core stage to unlock more of the message that Sylvia had left me after we had parted ways.
<i>Hopefully, extracting the mana out of Uto’s horn will lead to my breakthrough into the white core stage,</i> I thought, doubtful. Sylvie had been in a near comatose state as she hungrily extracted the mana out of her horn. I had been worried at first, but I could feel the relaxed state of her mind through mental transmission.
Unlocking and opening the door to my room, however, I found myself questioning my earlier line of thought.
Sylvie, or rather her silhouette, was glowing in an obsidian light. What shocked me, though, was that her form was shifting erratically. Her wings grew and shrunk suddenly while her tail convulsed before contracting. Sylvie’s small vulpine limbs elongated while her paws stretched out into something that vaguely resembled a... hand.
“S-Sylvie?” I muttered, unsure whether to try and hold her or keep some distance.
After what seemed like an hour, the erratic changes in my bond’s body slowed down before gradually shifting back to her vulpine form.
Holding my breath, I waited for Sylvie to do something—anything.
Just then, her eyes shot open to reveal two clear orbs of topaz. Letting out a deep breath, Sylvie tilted her head. “Arthur? What’s wrong?”
“With me?” I asked. “Nothing... Are <i>you</i> okay?”
“What do you mean?” she replied, obviously confused.
“You—your body was changing.” I motioned with my hands, unable to form an accurate depiction of what I witnessed.
“I’m fine,” she dismissed. “I actually feel really good! The mana in this horn is really potent.”
I scratched my head. “Well at least you’re making some progress. I’ve been having a hard time absorbing the mana.”
“Really? The mana has been flowing inside me naturally—almost like it was my own mana.”
I was perplexed by the difference between Sylvie’s progress and mine, but my fatigue overpowered any notion of investigating deeper into it. “All right, well try and get some rest.”
My bond shook her little head. “No need. I can get by with fewer hours of sleep than lessers, more so while absorbing this mana actually.”
I fell flat on my bed. “Well this <i>lesser</i> needs his sleep. I suspect I won’t even be able to come back up tomy room over the next few weeks for training so I need to relish the feeling of this bed while I can.”
“I can feel that your training is going well,” my bond said. “I can feel the level of your strength rising steadily.”
“Mhmm. With my training progressing how it is, I should be able to hit white core soon if I can extract the mana from Uto’s horn,” I mumbled drowsily.
“That’s great,” Sylvie replied, her clear voice lulling me into sleep. “Get some rest.”
“You... too,” I managed to say before drifting off to sleep.





Chapter 189
Chapter 189: Inside the Vault
My thoughts veered back to the sight of Sylvie’s form changing as she absorbed the mana from Uto’s horn. It had been a few days since that night but her unexplainable shift in form worried me. My days had been hectic; if I wasn’t training, I was either in a meeting or advising Gideon with the train project or personally advising Virion on various aspects of the war. Even then, my thoughts always drifted back to what I saw that night.
Sylvie, didn’t seem to feel like anything was wrong—just the opposite, rather. My bond had become fully infatuated in the horn and the mana it provided for her. After that night, she had asked me for a private space so that she could continue absorbing the retainer’s mana without interruptions. I haven’t seen her since then—the only thing comforting me being the calm traces of her mental state she emitted through our bound connection.<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>
“—neral Arthur!”
I jolted upright in my seat by the booming voice, only to see that everyone in the room had their eyes on me. The large round table that had replaced its smaller predecessor had the three remaining lances aside from myself and the five members of the Council all sitting in large cushioned chairs. Joining us today for the exciting and fun-filled meeting was Gideon, who seemed to be wholly concentrated on picking something out of his left ear.
<i>Oh right, I was in a meeting. </i>
“Are you feeling okay, General Arthur?” King Glayder asked, his expression laced more with irritation than concern.
I shifted in my seat. “Of course.”
The king’s line of sight lowered to my hand. I followed his gaze, only to realize that the quill I had in my hand had snapped in half from my grip.
Clearing my throat, I faced everyone. “My apologies. I was lost in thought for a moment. Please continue.”
“We were moving on to the topic of the so-called ‘train’ that you and Artificer Gideon are planning on. We were hoping the two of you would be able to give us an update on how that’s coming along,” Queen Eralith stated, her gaze switching between me and Gideon, who was sitting a few seats to my left.
Gideon and I had discussed just the day before on the final details of the project. We were ready to move on to actually building the vehicle in order to secure a safe and fast supply route from Blackbend City to the Wall.
“Ah yes”—the artificer smoothed out a crease on his dirty lab coat—“the landsh—I mean the <i>train</i> will be able to hold at least twenty times more supplies than utilizing squads of carriages like we have now.”
“What about the potential dangers while traversing between Blackbend to the Wall?” Varay asked with an inquisitive look. “From what I read, this ‘train’ seems to have a set path that it’s limited to. Wouldn’t this make it easy for bandits, or even Alacryans to attack and siege?”
“I agree. I’d imagine it being easy to destroy a portion of the track that the train relies on,” Aya added casually.
“Both good points, generals!” Gideon exclaimed. “Arth—General Arthur and I saw that as one of the pitfalls as well and came up with a solution.”
“Oh? And what would that be?” Virion asked with a raised brow.
The artificer replied with a snarky grin. “To put it underground, Commander!”
There was a moment of silence where the royals and lances present pondered the solution before King Glayder spoke up with a gruff tone. “The cost of doing all of this would be excessive, don’t you think?”
Gideon let out a cough and looked to me, his eyes practically begging me to take over. Being the renowned artificer that he was, Gideon had the wealth and influence to build most of the inventions that he wants, but actually calculating the cost and benefit of creating something as large-scale as this was foreign to him.
Luckily, having read numerous books on economics and being personally taught by the shrewd and resourceful leader of the Council in my previous world, Marlorn, I had the answer. “You’re thinking about it the wrong way, King Glayder. The costs up front might seem like a lot but this project serves to potentially solve three problems at once.”
“I’m listening,” he replied with a raised brow while everyone leaned just a bit closer.
I took a breath and gathered my thoughts. “Aside from the main problem we’re trying to resolve, which is a more efficient way to transport supplies for soldiers stationed at the Wall, building the train helps to work out two peripheral issues. One is the detrimentally rising cost of purchasing domesticated mana beasts because of the state that the Beast Glades is currently in, while the other is the increasing poverty.”
“Increasing poverty? What nonsense.” Bairon blurted. “Because of the war, business is booming!”
“Let General Arthur finish!” Queen Glayder clipped sharply, surprising me.

“Thank you,” I addressed to Kathyln’s mother before continuing. “Not to sound cold but booming business benefits mostly business owners and highly skilled patrons, not those of lower class citizens. Queen Glayder, I’d imagine that your reports from various cities mention increasing number of riots from increase in taxes and prices of basic goods because of the demand from the war, correct?”
She flipped through several pages of the neat stack of papers in front of her. “How did you... know that?”
Explaining everything would become cumbersome so I merely shrugged. “Simple cause and effect. This war is taking precedence over<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>everything else, which means that priorities will be given to people who are a part of this war. To those not part of it simply means an increase in the cost of living while their wage might not necessarily increase. More than that, because of the various attacks near the coasts and borders, fishers aren’t able to fish and farmlands have been destroyed.”
“And so you’re saying that this project will be a means to create jobs for those people?” King Eralith finished.
I nodded. “This underground path using the train will be a big project that can’t be finished with just a few competent earth mages. And while mages will be necessary for security of the tracks in predetermined locations, there are lots of duties that can be done by normal workers during the building process and for maintenance.”
“Those are good points, General Arthur, but what about just using slaves?” King Glayder argued. “Wouldn’t it just be more efficient and cost-effective to have slaves doing the labor rather than paying workers?”
Rather than answering, I glanced at Virion. One of the many topics we discussed involved slavery and Blaine’s question just now fell into one of the explanations I had given to the commander.
“Slave labor has its limits as work becomes more skilled, King Glayder. I don’t think we should think of this train project as a one off venture, but the beginning of a new era. The introduction of<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>the steam engine provided a new line of work for laborers that did not need magic. This too, whether it’s workers actually building the tracks or the designers planning the routes from one city to another all require skills that will never stem from what a slave is forced to do,” he stated with confidence.
The meeting room was quiet for the first time in what seemed like hours until a white-sleeved hand shot up.
Everyone turned to Gideon, who was leaning his head on one hand while he raised his other. “I didn’t know if it was appropriate to speak in this rather uncomfortable silence. Anyway, I just wanted to say that this project will indeed be the beginning of many, and it’ll be a breeding ground to foster new skill sets. If possible, I’d prefer not to work with slaves forced to be there since they’ll no doubt be doing the bare minimum which will cut into the productivity of this rather urgent project.”
With that the discussion came to a close and everyone cast their vote anonymously on a piece of paper. After going over the results, I was glad that the hours of discussion on the issue weren’t for naught. The project to build the underground route and train was granted along with several policies pertaining to the project—one of which included the ban on slave labor. I trusted Gideon, who would be the head on this project, to be able to properly manage the chain in command so that the people working on this project will be able to work—if not lead—the next train route project.
It was interesting to see a new era slowly that only existed in textbooks in my old world unfold here. This ‘industrial revolution’ that perhaps started with my introduction of the steam engine was undoubtedly hastened by the war with Alacrya.
While I would never be one to support the war, I had to admit that it did bring some favorable aspects to the table.
<p class="p1">***
“Our little ‘talks’ seem to be bearing fruit,” Virion chuckled as we walked down a narrow hallway barely wide enough to fit three people abreast.<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>Two armored guards followed closely behind while one led the way just a few steps ahead of us.
“You mean my insightful lectures on war and economics?” I corrected.
“Oh shush. I consider it payment for housing you while you were a wee child for over three years,” the old elf retorted.
I shrugged. “I don’t mind. I’m sure you would’ve come to a similar conclusion about using slave labor anyway.”
“Probably not so eloquently as I put it in the meeting though,” Virion admitted. “Elves have prohibited slavery for over a hundred years now, but it was for moral reasons. I hadn’t thought about the economic benefits of it until you pointed it out last week.”
“Well, in a world mainly divided by people who can either use magic and people who can’t, it’s hard to see past a lot of things,” I said as we continued our walk down the descending hallway.
“You sound as if you’ve been in a world that isn’t divided by magic users and normal people,” Virion teased.
I replied with a smile that didn’t quite reach my eyes, opting for some silence that lasted until we reached a thick metal door with only one guard present.
The young elf—evident by his long ears sticking out from his cropped hair—was small-framed but toned with flexible striated muscles that minimally protected by armor. I could tell by his rich yellow aura that, like me, any form of thick armor would hinder more than protect. The stationed guard had two unadorned short swords that curved at the tip hanging by his waist as opposed to the gaudy spears of the soldiers following us, but even at a glance, I could tell that he would easily wipe out all three soldiers ‘protecting’ us.
His eyes that were glazed from boredom perked up when he spotted Virion and me. “Good evening, Commander Virion and...General Arthur. Or is it morning already? My apologies as there are no windows here for me to tell.”
“It hasn’t been that long, Albold,” Virion replied with a smirk before turning to me. “Arthur. This is Albold Chaffer of the Chaffer House. His family has been a strong military family that served the Eralith family for generations. Albold, I’m sure you’ve heard of who Arthur Leywin is.”
“I’ve been told that he might become the new heir to the Eralith family,”<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>Albold said, his sharp eyes sparkling with interest.
I let out a cough, shooting a sharp glare at Virion. “New heir?”

“Well you see, General Arthur, when the royal family doesn’t have a son, the man marrying into the—”
I put out a hand. “I get it.”
“I’d always wanted to meet the young general in person, but I’ve been stuc—blessed with the paramount duty of guarding this door,” he said, motioning at the thick metal door. “I made a guess that it was you coming here but it’s hard to believe that you’re even more imposing than I imagined.”

I tilted my head. “I’m pretty sure I’ve been holding back my presence.”
“The Chaffer family are known for their rather eerily keen senses,” Virion explained.
“What’s he doing here then?” I inquired, regarding the elf not much older than myself. “Your skills would be better suited for the field, no?”
“Albold was out in the beast glades until he defied a direct order from his head,” Virion sighed. “Usually, that would’ve ended up with him getting a demotion and some strict punishments but I knew the boy and I happened to be at the scene so I picked him up and placed him here.”
“And my appreciation for that gesture is as boundless as the northern sea!” Albold beamed, bowing deeply.
The guards behind us muttered a few words of disapproval but stopped when Albold’s gaze bore into them.
“Anyway, enough about this troublemaker,” Virion said dryly. “Albold, let us inside and lock the door after us.”
“Aye aye, Commander!” The elf saluted before unlocking the door and pulling it open.
A foul, musty smell infused with the stench of decay immediately bombarded my nose as the entrance to the dungeon was opened.
“Have a pleasant stay, everyone,” Albold said, gesturing us inside like a tour guide.
Virion rolled his eyes and muttered something about telling Albold’s father as he followed behind the leading soldier. It was amusing to see Albold stiffen and pale after overhearing about his father.
Surprisingly, the first level of the dungeon wasn’t as bad as I remembered it to be when I had first come here after the incident at Xyrus. The area was relatively well lit with spacious cells that seemed like they had been empty for a while. If the walls weren’t for the mysterious stone walls that inhibited mana manipulation and if the cells had doors rather than reinforced metal bars, it would just seem like the designers of this castle got lazy after getting to this area and just decided to dub it a dungeon.
Still, the lack of ventilation was stifling and, while the cells were mostly empty, it also looked like they hadn’t been cleaned in a long time.
“Does it bring up some unpleasant memories?” Virion asked, catching me studying the exact cell that I was locked up in.
“Sort of. I was thinking how funny it was that I just came back from a meeting with the man that plotted alongside the Greysunders and the Vritra to kill me,” I explained, ignoring the wary glances of the guards around us.
Virion’s voice became serious. “If it had been solely up to my discretion, I would’ve locked them up myself, but Lord Aldir was right in that we need the Glayders. The Greysunders always had a weak hold on their kingdom but the Glayders are respected—almost revered by nearly all humans. Sapin would be in chaos if they learned about what had happened. Not something we need for this war.”
I nodded. “Speaking of which, where is that three-eyed asura anyway. He hasn’t shown himself even after what happened with Rahdeas and Olfred.”
“Three-eyed asura... is it because of your journey to Epheotus that you can be so casual with the asuras” Virion let out a chuckle. “And I haven’t been able to communicate with Lord Aldir through the transmission artifact he gave me.”
“That’s not good,” I sighed as I started walking again to the far end of the dungeon. “We’ll talk more about it later.”
“Agreed,” Virion replied solemnly, following closely.
We made our way to the end of the floor where two cells had been fitted to become one large, spacious room. The cell had a large bed topped with stuffed animals and a couch with a decorated tea set laid out on a small table in front of it. Currently occupying the couch was a little girl nodding off to sleep while reading a book.
I motioned for the lead guard to unlock the cell and stepped inside. “Hey, Mica. Sorry for taking so long to visit you.”
The lance put down her book and stretched her thin legs and arms. “Hi, Arthur.”

We chatted a little while Virion and the guards waited on the other side of the barred gate. The old elf had a somber expression, undoubtedly guilty of having her holed up here while investigations were still ongoing.
Because of her position and the fact that both Olfred and Rahdeas had betrayed Dicathen, the matter had to be examined with utmost scrutiny before she was allowed her freedom.
The dwarven lance and I talked about unimportant things as I filled her in on how my training was progressing. She tried to give me some tips on gravity magic but I had trouble following along with her nonsensical explanations.
“It shouldn’t be long until the team that Virion sent has gathered enough evidence,” I consoled.
Mica shot me a smile. “Mica knows. Don’t worry about me and do what you gotta do. Mica doesn’t blame anyone but that old bastard, Rahdeas.”
“Well I’ll tell you now that his cell isn’t nearly as nice as yours,” I snickered.
She nodded. “Get Mica out soon, okay? Being alone here without being able to use magic is so boring.”
“Of course,” I promised, giving her a hug before walking out of the cell.
I waved once more before following Virion and the guards to the cryptic door at the end of the hall.
“Ready?” Virion asked, his expression grim.
“Let’s get this over with.”
I thought that the stench of the first first level of the dungeon was bad, but the lower level was vomit-inducing.
I could feel my stomach revolt at the acrid and metallic odor of chemicals and blood. Suppressing the increasing urge to gag, I followed Virion down the dark flight of stairs until we reached a small area that housed the most heinous criminals. I was surprised that I could use magic inside, but surveying the walls and the enclosed vaults in the room, I was pretty certain that the use magic was only limited to the tiny walkway between the cells.
A burly man in a bloody apron with his face covered by a black mask greeted us along with a thin elderly man with a hunched back and a hooked nose.
“Commander. General. We are honored to have you here,” the old man spoke with a grating voice.
“Gentry,” Virion greeted back. “Take us to Rahdeas first.”
The elder looked at me with uncertainty but responded with a hiss. “At your command,” the elder rasped.
We followed behind the elder as he practically slithered his way to a small cell to our left and gestured with a bow. “Here is the criminal.”
Despite being Elijah’s caretaker and basically his father figure, I had little affection for the traitor but even I had trouble confidently saying that he deserved to be in the state he was in now.
The cell was dark and shadows censored most of his injuries, but I could tell by the cuts and blood stains on his stark-naked body that he’s been constantly tortured. His hands that were tied to the chair he was sitting on were bloody at the tips.
<i>His fingernails were pulled,</i> I noted with a wince.
More than the physical injuries though, what gave me shivers was Rahdeas’ blank expression. His eyes were foggy and a trail of saliva ran down from the corner of his mouth.
“Ah, his current ‘state’ is from the side effects from my questioning,” the elderly man said, noticing my gaze.
“Gentry specializes in wind and sound magic to create hallucinations for questioning,” Virion explained.
It was at times like these that I thought about the true function of magic. Much like technology, magic could just as easily be used to destroy as it can be used to create something so great.
“The traitor is strong. It’ll take a little more time to break him, I’m afraid,” Gentry stated bitterly.
“It’s imperative that we can find out what he knows,” Virion replied curtly, casting a disdainful gaze at Rahdeas before turning back to old man. “Now, what of the retainer?”
“Ah, yes. He’s a most fascinating specimen. Very thick skin even with his inability to use magic and a strong mental fortitude. I feel we’re close to breaking him though. Keeping him in the small vault so his movement is limited has been driving him crazy,” the old man said with glee.
Virion shot Gentry a look of disapproval but didn’t say anything.
Letting out a cough, Gentry motioned for his burly associate to open the thick vault that had runes inscribed on every inch of the box that seemed more like a coffin for a child. “Please be careful, Commander. General. While the vault will keep the Vritra from using magic, he’s still fairly strong and he’s in a rather crazed state of mind right now.
The vault creaked open and I found myself with eyes locked with a disheveled Uto garbed in restraining clothes. Just one look was enough to tell me that he was far from broken.
The retainer broke into a grin as he shot me a wink. “Hello, <i>Pup.” </i>





Chapter 190
Chapter 190: Solitary Mindframe
Uto’s sinister voice sent shivers down my spine, and although he was restrained and locked up inside an anti-magic vault, I couldn’t help but worry.
To everyone in this room, I was the one that had defeated Uto but the truth was that both Sylvie and I together could barely put a few scratches on him.
“You look a tad uncomfortable, Uto,” I quipped, masking any signs of weakness.
The retainer’s smile disappeared, replaced by a snarl. “What did you do with my horns, lesser pup!”
Taking the black horn out of my dimension ring, I began casually tossing it up in the air in front of him. “Oh, you mean this?”
“Insolent little—”
“Stop,” I cut him off. “I’m not here to exchange insults with you. I have better things to do.”
Uto’s gray face darkened, his eyes wild. “I swear to Vritra that if I get out, you’ll wish you died that day.”
I shook my head slowly.
“I’m sure that more than getting out or inflicting pain on me, there’s something more you want.” Leaning in closer to Uto with an arrogant sneer plastered on my face, I continued, “I know that the fact that you have no idea how you even lost to me is slowly eating you up right now.”
I didn’t think the retainer’s face could get any angrier but Uto ground his teeth, jerking desperately to free himself.
“Close it,” I said, my eyes still locked to his until the thick rune-inscribed door shut firmly.
“What was tha—”
I put up a finger to my lips to silence the confused commander. It was only after the four of us got back to the entrance of this level of the dungeon that I spoke softly. “Leave him be for now.”
“Ento and I’ve been torturing him physically and mentally but I’ve never seen the retainer this worked up,” Gentry murmured while his burly associate nodded beside him.
“I doubt hallucinations or physical pain will work on that arrogant sadomasochist,” I replied.
Virion tilted his head. “Sadomaso—what?”
“It’s nothing.” I smiled faintly before turning to Gentry. “Don’t open his vault.”
The hunched elder furrowed his brows. “No offense, General, but from my experience, it’s best to prod while his mental fortitude is in a disarray like now. Besides, what if he does find out how he lost to you during that time?”
“He won’t,” I assured. “And that’s going to slowly drive him insane. Let him stew until I decide to come back.”

“I don’t like that look you have,” Virion muttered. “What are you planning?”
“I’ll be the one to interrogate him when the time comes,” I answered.
<p class="p1" style="text-align: center;">***
“Are you ready?” Emily asked from behind her increasing number of panels. She looked like she was inside the cockpit of an airplane of my previous life.
“Almost,” I replied as I finished strapping in the last of the bands on my arms. I winced when I tightened the strap around my arm too tightly.
<i>Damn it.</i>
“We will move on to the three-versus-one scenario starting today so please be focused, General Arthur,” Alanis informed, noticing the blank expression I had on my face as I thought back to today’s earlier visits in the dungeon.
I stood up and swung my arms, ready to let loose. “Got it. What element will I be restricting for the first part?”
My training assistant’s eyes glowed in its familiar array of colors as she ‘scanned’ me before looking down at her notes. “Water, and its deviant form of course.”
I walked up to the other end of the training room, stopping just about a dozen yards away from Camus, Hester, and Kathyln. Meeting Uto had made me antsy. I was confident back in the dungeon that Uto wouldn’t find out how I beat him because I wasn’t the one that beat him.
<i>What sort of lance am I if I can’t beat a Scythe, let alone a retainer. </i>
As soon as Alanis gave the signal to begin, I flashed toward Hester, leaving only a single imprint on the ground.
In a single, fluid motion, I condensed a layer of wind around my hand, shaping it—sharpening it into a transparent blade before I swung horizontally at the fire mage’s torso.
Hester’s eyes widened a little in surprise, but unlike other mages, she was competent enough to respond even to my blitz attack.
Knowing that fire was weak to such a compressed form of wind, she opted to block my strike by grabbing my arm while strengthening her body with mana.
<i>You may have an advantage in knowledge over fire magic but if you think you can try and beat me in hand-to-hand combat...</i>
I let her grip my arm, but grabbed the arm she was using to hold on to me. Hester was in a stance that helped her withstand a pushing force so when I pulled her back instead, she stumbled forward.
Utilizing that momentum, I pivoted and positioned my hip underneath her center of gravity to flip her to the ground.
Hester let out a sharp breath as her back hit the ground. Just as I prepared for another strike to activate her lifeline artifact, a blast of water completely drenched me.
Before I even had the chance to turn to my attacker, the water covering my body froze, restricting any sort of movement.
I augmented my body in a layer of fire, thawing myself free, but Hester had already used my brief moment of incapacitation to distance herself.
Ignoring Hester for a brief moment while she recovered, I dashed toward the princess while trapping her legs with the ground beneath her. Taken off guard, Kathyln immediately clad her body in ice like she had before, no doubt a technique she had learned from Varay.
With her body strengthened, she attempted to pry herself free from the earthen shackles. I didn’t give her the chance. As I approached her, I continuously manipulated the ground around her to reinforce and work its way up.

It was an idea I had gotten from watching Olfred. The coffin of magma that he had trapped and executed Sebastian in. Of course, I had no intention of doing the same thing, but just like how many earth mages clad themselves in an armor of rock, one could easily encase another in the same armor without giving them the freedom of mobility.
Kathyln struggled to free herself as I continued my spell. Every time she would break off a piece of stone, a large slab would take its place, slowly working its way up her small body.
The princess was covered to her neck while a layer of frost slowly attempted to weaken the integrity of the earthen restraint.

It was too late though. I charged mana into my fist, forming a gauntlet of crackling lightning. A twinge of guilt rose as I raised my fist to strike the finishing blow.
<i>She has the lifeline artifact, Arthur. Besides, You can’t afford to go easy on anyone if you want to even hope to win this war.</i>
Kathyln regarded me seriously, no trace of fear. Just as my fist was about to make contact with her, however, a gust of wind pushed me back, in the center of a whirling formation of wind just above the ground.
“Erupt!” Camus barked, taking advantage of my brief imbalance by unleashing the powerful cyclone that he had been preparing for.
My vision was obstructed by walls of wind around me, and for a moment, everything was deathly still. Any sort of sounds were washed over by the constant roar of the tornado. I soon found myself panting—gasping for air in this funnel of low air pressure.
“Annoying,” I muttered in between a strained breath.
The walls of the twister closed in, threatening to whirl and throw me wherever it pleased, but thankfully, the remaining oxygen I had left in me allowed my brain to retaliate.
My initial reaction was to burrow myself underground—that would’ve been the smartest choice. However, maybe because of the diminishing oxygen supply, I found myself picturing Uto in front of me. His savage grin that seemed to say ‘All you can do is run or hide in the face of something greater than you,’ ignited a rage that I hadn’t felt in a long time.
<i>To hell with strategy. If I can’t even face this, how am I going to go up against the scythes. </i>
After anchoring my feet to the ground using earth magic, I began conjuring an opposing current to negate the powerful wind spell slowly closing in.
As my spell clashed against Camus’ spell, tears began forming. It seemed like I was close to neutralizing it when a dull pain radiate across my back, knocking me forward. With my feet attached to the ground, I bowed awkwardly, pushing off with my palms to put myself back upright.
I cursed in my mind, afraid to waste any unnecessary air, as I gazed at the object that had bludgeoned me from the back. It was large boulder of ice. Worse yet, it wasn’t the only one. Swirling around me, riding the tornado, were several dozens more of the chunks of ice—each at least twice the size of my head.
Still, I continued my attempt in negating Camus’ tornado spell. Sure, it could be my stubborness. I was adamant, desperate to win against this ‘foe’ that towered over me. As the tornado closed in on me, the more my body became a punching bag for the ice boulders.
I had to hand it to Kathyln for the creativity in her chunks of ice; some of them were just heavy bludgeons, but some had sharp edges that cut through my clothes and drew blood.
Despite the repeated blows, however, my body felt numb. I was lightheaded and a strong feeling of fatigue washed over me.
The only thing that kept me going was the notion that overcoming this spell head on was somehow winning against Uto.
My mind continued to think these irrational thoughts until I noticed too late that the boulders of ice had disappeared and in their stead was a growing fire that coalesced with the tornado—fusing into a flaming cyclone.
That’s when my vision began to spot and my imagination of Uto had became a full-blown hallucination. It only lasted for about a few seconds until I blacked out, my last thoughts blaming the lack of oxygen for my senseless actions.
It felt like I had only blinked, yet when I opened my eyes again, I was looking up at Kathyln with the ceiling of the training room visible behind her. I was laying down.

A cool sensation radiated from my forehead. I realized it was an ice-cold handkerchief when I fumbled with it.
“Your body is still a bit hot. Keep it on,” Kathyln urged, putting the cloth back on me with just a tinge of worry on her brusque face.
“Thank you,” I muttered. “And sorry for back there.”
She shook her head. “We were training. Although the elders might be of different opinion.”
“Damn straight we have a different opinion!” Buhnd’s familiar voice boomed.
Just a moment after, his bearded face popped into my view. “You fought like a child throwing a tantrum. I know you knew that there were about twelve different ways for you to get out of that situation without you trying to face it head on.”
“Yeah, I knew,” I said through gritted teeth. “But I wanted to see if I could overpower their combination spell. If I can’t even do that, how am I supposed to defeat all of the retainers and scythes left?”
Buhnd opened his mouth as if he were about to say something, but remained silent. It was Camus that spoke.
“You’re feeling the pressure, aren’t you?” he said softly.
I didn’t answer. I couldn’t.
To them, I may simply be a young prodigy, but I had the memories and intellect of when I was a king. For me to admit to Camus’ remark meant that even despite my advantage, I was weak.
“A war isn’t fought alone,” Camus continued, letting out a sigh. “Although holding the title and responsibility of a lance might make it seem otherwise.”
Hester spoke, her chastising voice coming from a bit farther away. “You’re not important enough of a figure for this entire continent to solely rely on you.”
“You’re right,” I chuckled.
Kathyln placed a finger on the cloth she had placed on my forehead, cooling it with magic. “Just as the people of dicathen rely on the lances, you also need to trust in your soldiers that they’ll make up for what you can’t do.”
I lowered the cloth, allowing its coldness to permeate into my eyes. And for a minute I said and did nothing, gathering myself.
“I feel like I’m in therapy,” I laughed, bolting up to my feet. Surrounding me was not only Kathyln and the elders, but also Emily and Alanis. The two of them had remained silent, but had traces of worry on their faces. “Thank you everyone, for helping me with my training, and for keeping me in check.”
Hester’s stern face soften as she nodded. “I think that we can skip out on today’s debrief since I’m sure the young general knows exactly what he did wrong.”
“Get some rest! I’m going to be itching to go crazy tomorrow!” Buhnd agreed as he punched his open palm.
“I’ll make sure to have the life-line artifact back to its normal state by tomorrow! Even if I have to stay up all night!” Emily assured.
I nodded. “I’ll see everyone tomorrow then.”
Lost in my own thoughts, I didn’t even realize I had been walking until noticing that I was in front of my doorstep.
Too tired to wash up, I sank into bed, my eyes searching for Sylvie until I remembered she was was isolating herself in another room.
<i>Everything okay, Sylv?</i> I reached out.
My bond didn’t respond, but the faint trace of her calm state of mind was enough for an answer.
Laying on my back, I stretched out my hand toward the ceiling. This hand—this body<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>that I had grown so used to for the near twenty years that I had lived as Arthur, felt so small when I thought back to my time as Grey.
My thoughts flashed back to my former life and the several times I had fought in the Paragon Duel, a one-on-one battle between two king duelists from their respective country. While the Paragon Duels lacked the atrocity and gore of normal wars, the weight of such battles were much heavier.
Letting out a sigh, I reminded myself. “This war isn’t fought alone, Arthur.”





Chapter 191
Chapter 191: Magical Percentile
Opening my eyes, I slowly released my grip of Uto’s horn. I took another moment to introspect, examining both the state of my mana core and my body.
I was close. The road to white core stage that had once seemed so long was nearly palpable.
I’m glad I didn’t accept Virion’s artifact after becoming a lance, I thought.
Getting out of bed, I touched Sylvie’s mind, making sure nothing was wrong. Satisfied with her calm silence, I began stretching, my body brimming with energy.
Letting out a sharp breath, I performed a series of strikes I had learned from Kordri while training under him in Epheotus. It wasn’t some stringent combination of moves per se but more of a utilization of the body’s every movement while maintaining speed and precision—connecting each punch, kick, elbow, knee while remaining flexible for whatever the outcome. A true master of this fighting style, like the four-eyed asura, could take down a whole unit and the only thing the soldiers would see is a simple monk strolling amongst them.
Synchronizing the timing of my mana flow, which had improved substantially during my training with Kathyln and the elders, with my strikes created shockwaves in the air. I wanted to move faster and with more agility, but I wasn’t a pantheon like Kordri much less an asura. Incorporating mana into muscle fibers and ligaments to utilize maximum power and speed with the least amount of physical movement—similar to what the Thyestes Clan did—would just lead to the same results as that of Burst Step to my legs.
Maybe reaching the realm above white core will strengthen my body, I thought hopefully amidst a combination of kicks.
Right as I pivoted my body to end the sequence with a palm strike, Boo’s gigantic head was poking into my room from the doorway, right in the path of my attack.
Boo was hit with a shockwave of wind from my palm strike, causing all the saggy skin around his muzzle and ears to flap wildly.
My sister’s bond and I stared silently for a moment before he let out a grunt and shook his furry head.
“Pfft!” I buckled forward and broke into a fit of laughter.
Ellie’s head poked into my room. “What’s so funny? Boo was supposed to scare you.”
Unable to form words while I tried unsuccessfully to stifle my laughter, I motioned for my sister to come to me.
Confused, she squeezed past her bond’s burly form and came into my room.
“Watch,” I chuckled, this time conjuring a gust of wind at Boo’s face. The bear’s ferocious face rippled like liquid, the flaps of skin above his upper jaw flapping up to reveal a set of teeth beneath a pink layer of gum.
My sister chortled before breaking down as well; her bond wasn’t nearly so amused. It took the both of us nearly the entire walk down to the training room to recompose ourselves.
It was probably childish to laugh so hard at something so trivial, especially considering my mental age, but who cares. I hadn’t laughed that hard in ages and it helped loosen some tension and stress.
“You two seem chirpy for such an early morning,” Emily said, yawning, her hands robotically setting up the panel as if they had a mind of their own. “Or is it still nighttime...”
“Did you pull another all-nighter, Emily?” my sister asked, concerned.
“It’s been a back-to-back all-nighter actually. It’s your brother’s last training session so Miss Emeria and I wanted to have all of the data from these two months compiled by today,” she chuckled, her eyes half-closed.
“Remind me to properly thank the both of you for your efforts,” I said, my eyes scanning for any sight of the curt elf. “Where is Alanis now?
“Ah shucks, I learned a lot from this as well so no thanks necessary. As for Miss Emeria, I practically had to force her to get some sleep,” Emily answered, letting out another yawn. “She should be here soo—ah, here comes everyone now!”
Coming through the thick metal doors first was Buhnd and Camus. Buhnd was stretching his arms, smiling as he said something to Camus. Behind them were Hester and Kathyln. The elder of the Flamesworth family was straightening out a crease in Kathyln’s tight-fitting training robe. The princess spotted me and turned a shade brighter as she tried to pry herself away from her guardian.
Alanis, who usually had the mask of a professional businesswoman, looked soulless today. Her normally deliberate steps were sluggish as she trailed behind the rest.
It took several minutes for everyone to get their protective gear on, but I was soon positioned in the training grounds with Kathyln, Camus, Hester, and Buhnd surrounding me. Their expressions were serious, as was mine. I’ve come a long way in these past two months—enough to have beaten them a few times. They knew that if they weren’t completely focused, they could lose again and they couldn’t let themselves be defeated on the last day of training.
“What was the bet again?” Buhnd shouted from behind.
“Virion is going to throw us a feast in celebration of the end of my ‘vacation’,” I smirked, looking back over my shoulder. “Of course, having him pay for the cost of everything is no fun so I suggested that the loser of this last battle will pay for the entire party.”
Hester rolled her eyes. “Consider it paid for by the gracious Flamesworth house. How much can a dinner possibly cost?”
Alanis, overhearing our conversation, spoke using a sound enhancing artifact. “Accounting for the cost of the seventy-year-old casks of alcohol fermented from rare grains found only in the outlands of the Beast Glades, as well as the approximate costs of the abundance of fine meats—all of which the prices have escalated since the start of the war—I have already calculated for Commander Virion the cost of the celebratory feast as amounting to somewhere around nearly twenty thousand gold.”
Hester’s eyes widened after hearing the exorbitant cost. She let out a cough as she attempted to feign composure. “W-Well, I believe it’ll ruin the gratifying experience of winning if I were to simply pay for the meal outright. Perhaps it is best to determine who pays for the feast with this match; that way, it’ll be much more memorable to everyone.”
I couldn’t help but smile, watching the usually composed elder being so flustered. <span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>

“I won’t go easy on you just because you’re young, General,” Camus said, smiling. “This old man’s pride won’t allow it.”
“I agree with Elder Camus,” Kathlyn added. “Perhaps besting you now will give my father and mother enough of a reason to let me help in the war.”
“How cold, Princess. Using me as a stepping stone,” I responded, lowering my stance.
“Since this is the final mock battle, General Arthur will not have any elements restricted,” Alanis’ voice sounded again. “Please begin!”
“For the alcohol!” Buhnd’s gruff voice roared, charging from behind.
Seeing that I was surrounded, there were a limited amount of options I had. With my senses heightened from mana and the rush of adrenaline, I focused on the biggest threat.
Although Buhnd was charging in while forming a giant stone mace and Camus was backing away while gusts of wind gathered around his arms, it was actually Kathyln’s mana levels that posed the biggest threat right now.
An old but effective trick, I loosened the stone ground around me and lifted the debris to form a cloud of dust around me and at Kathyln.
Manipulate the earth under my feet to spring me forward just as I push off, and expel the wind resistance as I dash, I recited to myself.
It wasn’t as instantaneous or subtle as Burst Step, but doing these two steps—namely, utilizing earth and wind—allowed me to enhance my initial acceleration without burdening my body.
I felt my body charge forth, the air slipping by me harmlessly until Kathyln was just a few feet away.
The princess inhaled sharply in surprise and attempted to cast her spell but I didn’t allow it. Utilizing wind once more, I created a vacuum in my palm, pulling her straight into my grip.
Grabbing Kathyln’s wrist, I twisted and threw her over my shoulder directly at Buhnd.
Feeling a sting on the hand that had touched her, I glanced down to see a layer of frost around my fingers.
She reacted quickly. I cast a wave of heat to thaw myself while taking note of Kathyln’s position by the pond.
Just then, the room lit up as dozens of crackling orbs dotted above.
Memories of Lucas’ Ember Wisps spell back when I was about to be an adventurer came to mind. Except, these ‘wisps’ weren’t of fire, but concentrated globes of electricity. Again I took note.
Camus took the opportunity to launch his spell as well, hurling two giant spears of wind that swirled fiercely like a drill.
I quickly moved, dodging one of the wind spear that drilled a hole into the ground before dispersing. The other one, however, was able to change direction, following me as it carved a trail into the ground where it passed.
I’m really beginning to wonder if that old elf is actually blind.
I continued sprinting, but it wasn’t aimless. I charged toward Buhnd with the wind spear close behind me. I did my best to seem as though I wanted a head-on confrontation, and it seemed to have worked. The bearded dwarf clad himself in armor and anchored himself to the ground while he held his mace high like a professional baseball player of my old world.
I charged at him condensing the blue fire in my palms. I feigned long enough for Buhnd to begin his swing. That’s when I released my fire spell at the ground below me as I jumped up. The force of my flame launched me into sky like a rocket, causing Buhnd’s giant mace to collide with Camus’ wind drill.
My moment of content lasted all but a brief second because immediately, a barrage of ice shot up from pond below the same moment that Hester decided to fire off the globes of lightning.
Why can’t they just fire their spells one by one, I grumbled to myself, my brain whirring for the best way to handle this.
I smile crept up as a glimmer of an idea flickered through my mind. I had to act fast though.
Without any restraint for mana expenditure, I released a shockwave of fire toward the splinters of ice approaching rapidly.
The ice bombarded the wall of fire, producing steam and a high-pitched whistle.
My peripheral view caught sight of the increase in brightness from the lightning orbs about to fire, but I couldn’t worry about that right now.
Wasting no time, I manipulated the moisture caused by the collision of Kathyln’s and my opposing elemental attacks while slowing down my descent with an updraft.
I shaped the water that I had gathered into a large barrier of water around me, just as Hester’s spell cast a barrage of lightning my way.
The water manipulated from Kathyln’s spell that had utilized the mineral-filled water from the pond was a perfect conductor.
The water bubble surrounding me began bubbling as the blast of electricity hit. A deep buzz filled the training room while the lightning tendrils flickered on the surface of the water around me.
I need to get rid of this thing before I hit the ground.

Manipulating the electrically charged water, I shaped it and fired it off in a stream directly at Buhnd, the one that would be the weakest to this combination of elements.
Buhnd didn’t have a chance. His life-line artifact activated, forming a pink protective barrier, just moments after the compressed stream of water hit him and electrocuted him.
Needless to say, after Buhnd was out for the count, the tides of the battle had changed. While it still took a while, after negating Kathyln’s ice lance through a combination Camus’ air cushioning technique and Buhnd’s kinetic redirection, I was able to knock Kathyln out of the battle.

“Someone really doesn’t want to pay for their own celebratory feast,” Camus smirked.
“I don’t even know if I can afford the feast,” I retorted with a chuckle.
With only Hester and Camus remaining and the fact that I had full access to all of my elements, by another twenty minutes, I was able to subdue them.
I plopped back on the ground, my chest heaving and my mana core aching. “I... I win.”
Camus let out a sigh, leaning against a wall as he caught his breath. “Congratulations, but there are more pressing matters.”
“I agree,” Hester nodded beside him as she blotted the sweat on her forehead with a handkerchief. “Who’s going to pay for the exorbitant cost of the feast?”
“Wasn’t it decided that the losers were going to pay?” Buhnd asked, confused.
I sat up. I thought so too.
“True, but why hurt many when you can just break one?” Camus added, a smile forming on his face. “I vote that Buhnd pays for the meal since he’s the one who got out first, causing the rest of us to lose.”
“What!” Buhnd bellowed. “From whose sore ass did you pull that quote out from?”
“I second Camus’ vote,” Hester replied immediately with a show of hand.
“Hester!” The dwarf’s eyes widened before turning to Kathyln. “Princess. You don’t think the same way as those old bats, do you?”
Kathyln, who had been with my sister and Emily, averted her gaze from Buhnd, and raised her hand as well.
I could see the bearded dwarf’s jaw drop as he began counting the theoretical cost of the extravagant meal with his fingers. After a minute, Buhnd straightened his posture and cleared his throat. “Gentlemen. Ladies. We are in times of war. We should be sparing resources for our beloved soldiers out there on the field. Isn’t that right Miss Emer—argh! Damn bat! Release my earlobe!”
“What good will giving soldiers seventy-year-old alcohol do, you old fool. Don’t try to get out of this!” Hester snapped while dragging her companion by his ear as the rest of us laughed.
After everyone had calmed down, we settled around in a circle for our last debrief. It was a bittersweet feeling. Two months flew by, but I formed bonds with the elders and had gotten to know the aloof princess a bit better during this period. Toward the end, Kathyln had started conversing more with Emily and Ellie, even hanging out together in the castle together from time to time.
A small part of me wanted to forget about the fact that there was a war raging below us, but with Tess and my parents out there, I knew I wouldn’t truly be able to relax until the war was over.
“Now, the moment I’m sure that everyone has been waiting for!” Emily’s chirpy voice sounded, snapping me out of my thoughts. “Alanis has recorded the progress of Arthur’s mana flow utilization while I compiled the data of General Arthur, Princess Kathyln, Elders Camus, Hester, Buhnd and cross-referenced it against the data I’ve received from my assistants from students at a few academies and some soldiers.”
Emily must’ve noticed the traces of skepticism written on my face as she mentioned the sample diversity and size.
“It’s been pretty hard to get a wider range of participants, this continent being in war and all,” she said glumly. “This measurement is something I’m planning on standardizing and actively promoting with Master Gideon’s help, so getting data will be an ongoing process. For now, you’ll have to make do with the two hundred entries I’ve received from various mages.”
Buhnd fidgeted in his stone chair. “Well? On with it, girl. Only about a fifth of my ass is on my seat right now from all this anticipation.”
I suppressed a chuckle. The bearded elder’s reaction reminded me of a student anxiously waiting for their grades to be handed back by his teacher.
Emily didn’t find Buhnd’s impatience as amusing as I did and began quickly sifting through her stack of paper until her eyes brightened as I assumed she finally found what she was looking for.
“Okay! I’ll start with Elder Buhnd, since he seems to be the most curious,” Emily began. “Please be advised that this data does not take into account mastery over mana, simply the raw output of force that your average spell contains during battle.”
The young artificer flinched when she saw Buhnd’s intense gaze drill holes into her as he waited for her results. Clearing her throat, Emily spoke. “Based on how much higher Elder Buhnd’s fpu is compared to the average of limited data we had acquired, he is roughly in the ninety-first percentile.”
“Ninety-first percenti—what? No way that ninety-one percent of the population is better than me!” Buhnd blurted, stamping his feet on the ground.
I chortled, unable to suppress my laughter as Emily looked at the old dwarf incredulously.
Hester merely let out a sigh and shook her head.
“It means that only nine percent of the population has a higher fpu than you,” Camus answered, unfazed by his companion’s naivete.

“Oh...” Buhnd’s posture straightened and a smile creeped up, spreading his beard like some sort of frilled lizard. “Heh! Oh.”
Hester rolled her eyes as I spotted my sister trying to cover her smile with her hand.
“Again, this data can’t be considered completely accurate since the data pool is so small and very biased toward certain demographics,” Emily explained. “Most likely, everyone’s percentile will increase as more data is gathered.”
The words seemed to have gone in through one ear and have left through the other as the word ‘pride’ was practically written on Buhnd’s face.
Emily continued, turning to Camus. “Elder Camus’ fpu is in the ninety-third percentile.”
Buhnd seemed to have snapped back to reality because his brows scrunched when he heard the score. Camus simply nodded in acknowledgment.
Hester... wasn’t so nice.
“Elder Hester’s fpu is actually the highest of everyone at a ninety-fourth percentile.”
Ellie let out a faint whistle while Buhnd’s eyes widened. Hester took this exact moment to cast a downward glance at the dwarven elder, coupling the look with a haughty smirk.
“Bah! The data isn’t considered completely accurate. Remember?” Buhnd recited, fuming.
“I didn’t say anything,” Hester shrugged. She erased the smirk on her face but the twinkle in her sharp eyes still showed her content.
I guess the high affinity for magic runs in the Flamesworth family, I thought, being reminded of Jasmine’s competence in magic—albeit not fire magic.
Emily turned to Kathyln, smiling. “Princess Kathyln, your fpu is in— “
The princess raised a hand, shaking her hand. “I’d rather not get caught up. Knowing me, comparing myself to others will hinder more than help.”
Alanis regarded the princess in approval but remained quiet as Emily finally turned to me. “Lastly, Arth—General Arthur’s fpu is in the ninetieth percentile.”
Buhnd’s eyes lit up once again as he trotted to me and put a hand across my shoulder. “You’ll grow in time, young general, but for now it seems like my fpu is just a tad higher than yours.”
“So it seems.” I smiled, expecting as much. From the beginning, the elders raw mana output was stronger than mine. I had the advantage of being able to utilize all four basic elements and the higher form of two, and fusing multiple elements into a single attack would often have more devastating results than single elemental spell, but on average, I had known the elders would come out on top.
“Big talk for someone that got knocked out first in a four-versus-one match against the ‘young general’,” Hester scoffed.
Buhnd scowled, turning red. “Do you want to take this to the field, you old bat?”
Hester’s brow twitched in anger. “Again with the old bat!”
“Enough with the bickering!” Camus cut in, sitting straight in the stone seat that Buhnd had conjured for all of us. “Miss Emeria. Did our time spent with the young general bear fruit?”
The stoic elf dipped her head respectfully. “General Arthur’s mana flow rate has hastened a noticeable amount. I believe these two months have been utilized to its full potential.”
“That’s good,” Camus sighed, turning to me—a gesture I found odd now that I knew that he could see just as well without facing me. I figured it was more a gesture for me than himself.
Alanis walked to me, handing me a small journal bound with leather. “This is for you, General Arthur. the detailed recordings of my analysis over this period are written in here. I have taken the liberty of pointing out areas for potential growth so that you can have a more guided training while I am not with you. ”
“Thank you,” I said sincerely, gingerly holding the small booklet. “You’ve really outdone yourself.”
“It was my pleasure working with you,” she responded with a courteous nod.
Buhnd clasped his hands together, drawing all of our attention. “All right! I don’t know about all of you, but I’m starving and my mind keeps going back to those seventy-year-old caskets of alcohol!”
“Yes,” Hester agreed. “And the thought of Buhnd having to pay for all of it is sure to make everything tastier.”
I could hear Buhnd grumble as the three elders headed toward the door. I ushered the rest to follow after them as well. They all deserved the time to unwind and have fun.
“A-Are you sure I can go? It seems like a party for the really important people,” my sister asked, hesitating.
I pat my sister’s head. “Of course you’re invited. I better see you and Boo eating enough to make Elder Buhnd homeless!”
Her gigantic bond let out a grunt in confirmation before scooping Ellie up with his snout and trotting off.
Smiling at the sight, I looked back to see the young artificer scrambling with some artifacts inside her little cockpit of panels. “We’re the last ones, Emily,”
“I’m almost done cleaning up! You go on ahead!”
Not wanting to make her rush more than she already was, I took her advice. “You better be there unless you want to make Ellie lonely at the party.”
EMILY WATSKEN
I quickly gathered the array of paper that were scattered all over the ground behind my fpu measuring artifact—working name.
After carefully placing the panel components into the wooden box, I placed the papers carefully on top, noticing Arthur’s name on the top sheet. It was the fpu readings that I had managed to gather while he was in that angelic form of his where his hair turned white. I thought I had lost it.
Letting out a chuckle, I shook my head, crumpling up the sheet of paper. “Ninety-ninth percentile. That can’t be right.”





Chapter 192
Chapter 192: Eat, Drink, Be Merry
After another failed attempt at trying to coerce Sylvie to take a break and come join me for the dinner, I conceded. As soon as I stepped through the towering double doors of stained wood, opened for me by two guards clad in silver, my worries were replaced by wonder. It felt like I had stepped into a different place.
Maybe I had.
I looked back over my shoulder to make sure that I hadn’t stepped through a teleportation gate disguised as a doorway. Confirming that I was still indeed inside the Castle, I took my time to relish the sights, sounds, and aromas around me.
While the size of the dining room wasn’t anything extraordinary, the details in the decoration took my breath away. The vaulted ceiling itself made this room feel like a separate structure from the castle, and the ambient light cast from the floating orbs above brought to life a scene straight out of a princess picture book.
Unlike the flamboyant party where the witch-like retainer’s frozen body had been showcased as a morale booster for the many noble houses that attended, this event emitted a cozy, intimate atmosphere—with a little sprinkle of a surreal fairytale mixed in.
I picked up two glasses of whatever lavish drink the purple liquid might be from a meticulously-dressed butler poised almost as still as a statue, handing one of them to Emily, who was besides me.
When my sister tried to take one as well, I pulled her back. “It’s alcohol.”
Ellie clicked her tongue and continued walking. It didn’t take long for her discontent to diffuse.<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>
“Everything looks so...magical!” Ellie marveled, unable to form a better word to describe herself. “It smells amazing in here, but where’s all the food?”
“This is still a dinner, not a party,” I explained, pointing to the long rectangular table covered with a seamlessly white tablecloth and topped with perfectly arranged empty plates and glasses. “The food’s going to be brought out once everyone’s here and seated.”
The alcohol—I noted with amusement—lay spread out against the back wall in large wooden kegs.
“I’m getting hungry just sniffing the air here,” Emily sighed, nearly drooling.
I nodded in agreement. The air was thick with a concoction of spices, sauces and herbs that strangely seemed to harmonize alongside each other rather than clash. To blend and mesh the variety of kitchen ingredients together was the subtle oaky scent of the fire crackling and popping in the hearth at the far corner of the cozy dining hall.
Ellie pulled on my sleeve. “Are you sure we didn’t need to dress up for this?”
“The place is a lot fancier than Virion had led on, but yes I’m sure,” I assured. “This is supposed to be a comfortable dinner to celebrate before I go back out to the field, my dearest sister.”
“I’m your only sister,” she retorted, her eyes still curiously gazing about.
“Then you know I’m telling the truth,” I said blandly.
Ellie let out a groan at my witty response. “Whatever.”
“I can imagine how ‘comfortable’ it’ll be already... with the Council, the lances, and the elders all gathered in one place,” Emily chimed in, her sarcasm practically palpable.
I simply smiled, breaking off from the two of them to enjoy my purple drink in peace. Despite being one of the last to leave, Emily, my sister, and I were the first to arrive.
As I sat in the back to enjoy the warmth of the fire, I saw Kathyln coming inside escorted by Hester. Both wore evening gowns that, while minimally adorned, still looked undoubtedly elegant... and expensive.
Ellie and Emily didn’t hesitate to shoot me glares as they saw this, mentally blaming me for their comparatively informal attire.
I winked and lifted my glass, now half-empty. Kathyln thought I was gesturing to her and raised her glass slightly as well, smiling shyly before turning her attention to Emily and my sister.
Elder Hester strode toward me with a glass in hand as well. “Seems like you’ve already made yourself comfortable—in both attire and demeanor.”

“I thought this was supposed to be a casual dinner,” I sniffed, holding my glass out toward her.
“Is this not casual?” she smirked, clinking my glass with hers in a casual toast before the two of us took a sip.
“Casual is wearing your slightly larger pants so that you can comfortably indulge in whatever exquisite cuisine we’re presented with tonight,” I said with confidence.
Hester looked at me with a curious gaze before chuckling. “I often forget that you’re not from a noble house, no offense.”
I chuckled. “None taken. It’s always amusing seeing some of the nobles trying to hide their contempt when a lance like myself does something blatantly ‘improper’.”
“Proper etiquette is ingrained in everyone since infanthood,” Hester admitted. “My mother would faint if she saw you in that attire at an occasion like this.”
“Truth be told, my mother would probably faint as well if she knew I was attending this kind of dinner wearing this,” I chuckled, feeling a pang of guilt and sorrow at the mention of my parents.
We sipped our drinks in silence for a bit, watching the chaotic movement of the fire as if it was a show.
Finishing off the last of my purple liquor, I asked Hester a question that had been on my mind since I first met her. “Hester. If you don’t mind me asking, what is your relationship to Jasmine Flamesworth?”
Hester, who had been watching the fire as intently as I had been, shifted her gaze to me. “You two are acquainted?”
I nodded.
She took a few moments to gather her thoughts before letting out a sigh. “Then I guess it’s safe to assume that the Flamesworth family has made a rather negative impression on you.”
“It’s gotten a little better since I met you, but yes,” I confessed.
“Jasmine is the daughter of my younger brother—my niece,” she began, idly twirling the remaining liquid in her glass.
Hester proceeded to tell me a little about the Flamesworth family. The story of Jasmine wasn’t anything I hadn’t already been told or guessed myself. Basically, the younger brother—the one with the most pride in their family’s line of fire mages—thought of Jasmine as an embarrassment to the Flamesworth house. At first, he did all he can to try and draw out any latent potential in fire-affinity, hopeful that she might even be a dual-elementalist. Once her father realized that wind was the only affinity that his daughter had, he isolated her until she was old enough and kicked her out soon after.
Hester’s remorseful tone throughout the story helped quell some of the anger I had toward their family, but there was still a bitter taste in my mouth.
“Your brother, where is he now?” I asked.
“Trodius is a captain, his division being one of the main forces at the Wall,” she answered. “You don’t plan on—”
“No, I have no intentions of harming your brother,” I scoffed, turning back to see some familiar faces. “I was just curious. Oh, and about your comment on every noble having proper etiquette ingrained in them...”
Buhnd and Camus had just walked in through the doors. While Camus wore a traditional elven robe, Buhnd had apparently decided to attend the event disguised as what seemed like a farm worker.
Hester, following my gaze, rolled her eyes as she saw the dwarven elder finish a glass in one gulp and proceed to grab two more before walking to us. “There are always outliers.”
I chortled. “An outlier indeed.”
It didn’t take much longer for the rest of the guests to filing in. Virion congratulated me on my training with a hug and a snide comment about Tess not being able to make it. I greeted Merial and Alduin Eralith, Tess’ parents cordially, exchanging a few pleasantries. Alduin sort of digressed, talking about the war and some of the dilemmas he’s been having in allocating the elven armies around Elenoir when Merial scolded him for talking about that here and dragged him away. My exchange with King Blaine and Queen Priscilla—or is it Mr. and Mrs. Glayder? Although the royal families all dropped their titles as kings and queens, it was always uncomfortable in discerning how to exactly address them—were even more succinct. While Kathyln’s mother was brusque by default, I knew that the former King of Sapin still found it uncomfortable to be around me; a human that became a lance for the elves. Most likely someone he considers disloyal to his home kingdom.
Needless to say, by the time I’d finished talking and toasting (thereby drinking) with the elders and the Council my inhibitions had been lowered to a noticeable degree. It was only noticeable to me when I clasped an unwilling Bairon into a hug and repeated that ‘there were no hard feelings’. The lance tried to pry himself away without drawing attention but I utilized one of the techniques I had learned from Camus to create a vacuum between him and me.
Finding real life applications for spells is the next step in mastery afterall.
After saying my fill, I released the fuming lance and proceeded to greet Varay and Aya. The two lances had just come back from a mission near the border between Sapin and Darv after sightings of another retainer. Unfortunately, the final retainer was gone by the time they had arrived. We continued talking until an unexpected surprise showed up. Garbed in a bright yellow dress that looked like it might’ve belonged to a child was Mica.

“Mica!” I exclaimed, drawing everyone’s attention to the entrance. The dwarf, obviously unaccustomed to such a fluttery dress, flushed at the attention. Rather than shrink, however, the dwarven lance stuck out her chest and held her chin up and made her way to me.
I pulled the dwarf into a hug, which was a little awkward considering she was about half my height. Virion came by and placed a hand on her shoulder.
“Our scouts in Darv found enough evidence to ensure to the rest of the Council that Mica—or should I say General Mica—was not involved in Rahdeas and Olfred’s plot with the Vritra,” Virion explained with a smile.

“Mica’s allegiance will always be to the country,” the lance confirmed. “But Mica is a bit confused since there are no dwarves in the Council and Lord Aldir is missing.”
“We have much to discuss and positions to fill, but that can be saved for tomorrow,” Virion comforted. “Tonight, we enjoy the food, the drinks, and the company we have tonight.”
Virion left us to continue his rounds talking to everyone else in the room while Mica and I chatted a bit more. We kept our conversation lighthearted. I teased her about her frilly dress while she retorted that I looked like I had come straight from a training session. She laughed when I told her she was right.
The pleasant chime of a bell signalled for everyone to gather around the table. Butlers and maids escorted all of the attendees to a predetermined seat. Supposedly, being one of the main reasons for having this dinner put me at the far end of the table, directly across from Virion with Kathyln to my right and my sister to my left. The Council was spread across the table toward the other end near Virion while the lances and Elders sat toward the center.
After everyone had taken a seat, Virion tapped his spoon on the glass flute to get everyone’s attention before speaking.
“I’ll make this short since I know I’m not the only one hungry. I believe it’s important for even our strongest soldiers to have the opportunity to rest and be merry. Yes, we’re at war, but war or not, there will always be a battle tomorrow, so make some time to enjoy today. Drink, eat, laugh, so that you can all tackle tomorrow with fire anew!”
We all clapped, while Buhnd’s gruff voice shouting, “Hell yeah!” sounded in the midst of it. Our applause brought forth an organized stampede of servants carrying dishes. It was a full course meal starting with a creamy soup garnished with edible flowers and leaves placed with precision.
My stomach that had been uncomfortable—most likely due to the copious amounts of alcohol I had drank—welcomed the warm, rich flavors. A subtle kick from an unfamiliar spice complimented the thickness of the soup while the leaves and flower garnishes added a surprising hint of freshness.
“This... is so... good!” Ellie exclaimed in between spoonfuls of the soup.
The ceramic bowl of soup had been taken away, replaced by a silver platter with two strips of what looked like raw fish. The morsels of translucent flesh with dashings of two different sauces practically melted in my mouth. Both the green and the brown sauces were unfamiliar but it was a mixture of a nutty and slightly acidic taste that served to mask the unwanted brininess of the ocean dweller and bring out its desired flavors.
While swallowing the second piece of the fish, a pang in my abdomen caused me to buckle.
Did I drink too much? I wondered, casting a side glance at the large cask of priceless liqueur that had been conveniently placed just behind Buhnd’s seat.
“Are you okay?” Kathyln asked, her plate completely clean.
“I’m fine,” I smiled, putting down my fork.
Ultimately, my stubbornness refused to pass the opportunity in drinking such expensive alcohol. I held up my glass, taking another sip and rolling the deep brown liquid in my mouth to savor the taste.
I let the aromatic flavors coat my mouth before finally swallowing it, letting the pleasant burn pass down my throat.
“Can I try?” my sister begged once again after seeing me relishing the drink.
I was about to turn her down again, but paused. “Fine. Just a sip.”
“Uh, Ellie?” Emily chimed in, her eyes widening as my sister grabbed the rounded glass. “You sure about this?”
Ignoring her, my sister immediately brought the glass to her lips. As expected, she most certainly did not take ‘just a sip’ and instead gulped a big portion of the liqueur.
Already prepared for what was about to come, I cast a small circular vacuum of wind that sucked in the spray of liquid that shot out of my sister’s mouth as she coughed.
The servants nearby immediately took action, handing my sister a new napkin while they opened up a container for me to ‘dump’ Ellie’s sprayed contents into.

“Y-You jerk,” Ellie hissed, trying not to draw in any more attention than she already had. “You knew that would happen!”
Suppressing the laugh that was nearly leaking out, I looked at her, deadpan. “Of course. That’s why I said no so many times.”
“You could’ve warned me!” she protested, drinking the cup of water the servant behind her so sensibly placed next to Ellie’s plate.
“I could’ve,” I agreed, leaving my sister aghast.
Emily steered my sister’s bitterness, telling her about some of the modifications she made to Ellie’s new bow.
After the plates were cleared, another—smaller—dish took its place. Even before I looked down to see what it was, the smell had already caused me to reach for it. A handful of shellfish with its black shells laid open, its meat basking in a savory broth that I could practically taste through my nose. Supplementing the shellfish was a side of sauteed mushrooms that looked like they were actually lit on fire.
The servant covered the mushrooms with a crystal cup to extinguish the soft fire. As soon as he lifted the cover, a rich flavor of whatever liqueur the chef had used to ignite the mushrooms with permeated the vicinity.
“Raw fish, and now flaming fungus? Interesting and tasty!” I overheard Emily as she whispered to my sister, who nodded furiously in agreement.
Conversations drifted in the air while soft music played by a trio of musicians cast a comfortable tune to accompany the dinner.
I leaned forward, taking in another whiff of the complementing aromas of the shellfish and mushrooms when another sharp pain stabbed at my sternum.
Am I allergic to something? I thought, bringing a mushroom close to my nose in suspicion.
With the pain gone as quickly as it had come, I decided to lay off the purple alcohol while shoveling in a mouthful of the mushrooms.
The firm suppleness of the mushroom as I bit down into it dispelled any of the remaining suspicions I had of the food.
If I’m allergic to this mushroom, so be it. I’ll suffer knowing that it was for a good cause.
Throughout the next few dishes, I ate in silence. Kathyln wasn’t much of a conversationalist and the few times she did talk was to respond to whatever my sister and Emily were conversing about.
My thoughts began veering toward the war, and the upcoming battles, my only solace being the exquisite dishes that never seemed to stop and my glass of liqueur that never emptied. From tender meats that I was able to cut with my fork, and even a whole boar that was carved so precisely that I doubted I could replicate the task even with my mastery of the sword.
There were other, more bizarre dishes that showcased the more... ‘unwanted’ parts of particular mana beasts as supposed delicacies. It was when the dinner was becoming more lively—most likely due to alcohol in everyone’s system—that I encountered another episode of pain in my stomach.
This time, it was a more gripping pain, as if someone was slowly squeezing, twisting, and wrenching my insides. That was when I realized it wasn’t my stomach or even my liver like I thought it had been.
It was my mana core.
“Is something wrong, Arthur? You seem pale,” Virion said, noticing my state from the other side of the table.
I rose up from my seat, feeling more than a tinge of regret as I stared at the untouched steaming crab down at my plate. “My apologies to everyone, but I think I’ll have to call it a night.”
Virion got up as well, his expression laced with concern.
Holding up a hand to stop him, I made my way to the door, careful not to stumble. “Please, enjoy yourselves. I’ve been a little tired today and I think I just had too much alcohol.”
Without looking back, I headed to my room, one hand using the wall as support while the other pressed down on my solar plexus.
Is something wrong with my mana core?
Cold sweat beaded down my face as the gripping pain became more intense.
By the time I reached my room, I curled into a ball on the floor, unable to reach my bed. My fear and worry grew alongside the pain, until a thought crossed my mind.
Sending a pulse of mana into my ring, I withdrew Uto’s horn and instinctively began absorbing its contents like an infant reaching for its mother’s milk.
Slipping in and out of consciousness, time elapsed like it was caught in a jar of sap. Everything seemed slow and the cold, gripping pain escalated until it soon became unbearable.
Two things happened in what seemed like a span of a second.
First, I felt a surge of unmatched energy and power throughout my body. I could feel it in my pores and the tip of my hair.
Then, I passed out.





Chapter 193
Chapter 193: Broken Seal
I looked up at the row of judges peering down from their platform that overlooked the main stadium my opponent and I were currently on. Sitting in the middle of the row was a tall, shapely woman with blazing red hair that curled down her back. Two sharp eyes that would make even a wild lion flinch regarded me with interest as the rest of the judges murmured amongst themselves over the results of the match.
I thought to myself, what exactly there was to go over. My opponent, a Division Two candidate testing for a first division spot, was passed out behind me while the medics approached with a stretcher.
There was a sinking realization as the judges continued discussing that they might very well be determining whether to send me up or keep me at Division Three.
I could see Nico and Cecilia in corner of my eyes, waiting just as intently for the verdict as I had during my first competition while attending this academy—back when I still believed fair results could be achieved through hard work.
After what seemed like ages, a thin elderly man with a white mustache groomed a bit too meticulously—probably to compensate for his bald head—cleared his throat to get everyone’s attention. “Cadet Grey, no surname. While your match was impressive, especially your demonstration of martial arts, the poor level of utilization of your ki throughout the tournament made it clear that some basic fundamentals are clearly lacking and need to be thoroughly reviewed. Therefore, Cadet Grey will move up to Class One of the third division.”
I could feel my blood boil underneath my skin as I did all I could to suppress my rage. I clenched my fists, gnashed my teeth, curled my toes—anything to stop myself from lashing out at the judge and this entire academy system.
Just then, a roar of laughter echoed throughout the entire arena. My burning rage was instantly quelled as I looked up, dumbfounded, as the red-haired judge continued laughing heartily. It wasn’t only me that was shocked by her actions though. The rest of the judges whipped their head toward their colleague with expressions ranging from shock to anger to embarrassment.
The audience that had been quietly waiting for the results from this final round muttered amongst each other hoping to get some answers from the turn of events.
Finally, after the red-haired judge calmed down enough, she let out a sigh while wiping away a tear. “My apologies, I thought Judge Drem was pulling that kid’s leg by telling him he needed to ‘review his fundamentals’.”
At the mention of his name, the mustached judge—who I assume was Judge Drem—flushed red all the way the top of his shiny head. “Lady Vera. In the sanctity of the annual assessment duels, your behavior is unaccept—”
“No,” the red-haired woman that the judge referred eerily respectfully despite the gap in age, cut in flatly. “What’s unacceptable behavior, and embarrassingly pathetic, is this blatant attempt at holding that kid back because he’s not from a distinguished house.”
Clearly unprepared to be verbally assaulted by the woman, Judge Dem stammered what he hoped would be words. “Wha—How dare... I did no such—”
“Then how can you possibly justify Cadet Grey as being anything less than Division One?” Lady Vera interrupted again. At this point, I really hoped that this lady had either the strength or the backings to justify her blatant lack of respect for the older judge.
Judge Dem tried his best to gather his wits, letting out another cough. “Like I stated earlier, Cadet Grey’s ki utilization is lack—”
“Wrong,” she instantly cut off again, causing the older judge to practically fume in frustration and embarrassment. “The boy’s ki utilization is at least a step above even the Class Two students in Division One. What you call ‘lacking’ in ki utilization is actually him making up for his lower ki level to an almost impressive degree.”
The other judges sitting behind the panel were obviously lower in terms of rank than Judge Drem because the only thing that they’d been doing at this point was wordlessly shifting glances between Lady Vera, Judge Drem, and me.

“Lady Vera,” the old judge said through gritted teeth. “While I am grateful for your insight into the matter, I have been a judge for nearly twenty years now. Please reciprocate the respect that I’ve shown you by showing me the respect that I’ve earned in this field.”
Lady Vera thrummed her fingers on the panel she was sitting behind, contemplating for a moment before she nodded. “Fine. I’ll respect your verdict, Judge Drem.”
Before I even had the opportunity to be disappointed by this, though, Vera’s form flickered out of sight.
What in the—
She appeared above me and landed with a soft thud. Despite the fact that I had witnessed everything, I was still somehow doubtful that she’d just cleared the span of two stories as casually as I would step off a sidewalk.
“Kid. Like Judge Handlebars said, you’ll still be in Division Three, but what do you say about me becoming your personal mentor?”
I thought for a moment—I even turned to Nico and Cecilia to make sure what I was witnessing was real. I didn’t know who this woman was, but the way she held herself and the impressive movement skill she had used to clear the distance that most elite soldiers wouldn’t dare replicate made me take the risk.
Ignoring the aghast row of judges as well as the stunned crowd, I took her hand. “I accept your offer.”
ARTHUR LEYWIN
I woke up on the floor with my hand stretched out in front of me, much like how my dream had ended. However, rather than Lady Vera’s seemingly fragile hand in my own, I was gripping tightly onto Uto’s horn.
The once obsidian stone that once glimmered like a sinister jewel now had cracks and splinters strewn across its dull gray exterior.
It took a moment of idle wondering of how I came to be in this position when I suddenly remembered. As if struck by a bolt of lightning, I shot up to my feet. I took in my surroundings for the first time since waking up, relieved that I was still in my room and that my room was relatively intact. Looking at the window, it was still nighttime, which meant I was unconscious only for a few hours.
Pulling my senses inward, I focused my attention on my mana core. My mana core that did not have the glimmering silver sheen that it once had, but instead radiated brightly like a white sun.
“I did it,” I muttered incredulously. I maintained concentration on my core for a few minutes, just taking in the new, alien feelings that came with my breakthrough. The paranoid part of me did it just to make sure that I wasn’t imagining things.
I wasn’t. I was now a white core mage.
Ecstatic, I sent a pulse of mana throughout my body. The flow of mana was seamless and near-instant. I hadn’t gotten the chance to read through the notebook that Alanis had written for me, but I had a feeling that she might have to update some of the readings.
Without stopping, I held out my hand—palm up—and began shaping the mana. I started out with something relatively easy, making a small orb of pure mana. This was the equivalent of stretching before a run.
After that, I proceeded into more complicated exercises. I enlarged the orb of mana and shrunk it as quickly as possible. Then I split the mana orb into two smaller ones. After I had about a dozen small mana orbs floating above my hand, I ignited some of them by coalescing fire affinity mana particles in the atmosphere while I froze another set of orbs and so on. By a few minutes into the exercise, I had several dozens of different elemental spheres all orbiting around my palm.
Throughout it all, I had a wide smile on my face that I only noticed after my cheeks began cramping.

There were hundreds of variations of these manipulation exercises all meant to help mages get better at organic magic—a term that had many names but all meant one thing: magic that did not need gestures or chants in order to cast.
Much of the magic that beginning classes in Xyrus Academy taught centered around stagnant magic, which were essentially spells limited in variations and uses in order to reproduce consistently and easily. The gestures and chants that so many mages used and still use today help in guiding their subconscious as they mold their mana into the spell that they want. The downside was that most of these gestures and chants basically told opponents, ‘hey, I’m going to throw a fireball at you.’ It was fairly easy for any decent mage to counter such stagnant magic.
The organic magic that I had so naturally grasped from an early age thanks to my understanding of mana from having lived a previous life, was much harder to cast and control. Every time I launched a blade of wind at my opponent with a simple swing of my arm, my brain was basically giving detailed instructions of the mana that I imbued into the spell in order to get the shape, size, speed, trajectory, angle, etc. all correct.

Breaking into white core stage wasn’t as awe-inspiring as I sort of hoped it would be, but it was definitely a huge step forward—more so than any of the previous breakthroughs into the next core stages.
My control and ‘finesse’ over mana had definitely been taken up a notch, almost as if the advancement into white core also affected my cognition.
I thought back to several instances in the past when the lances demonstrated some of their prowess in magic. Olfred’s ability to cast eerily lifelike golems of magma as well as Mica’s superb control over an abstract element like gravity were all reasons that supported my claim. Putting Alea aside, I’ve never had the chance to see Aya fight. Bairon was able to mold lightning into a giant spear that looked about as detailed as a masterfully crafted weapon, and just recently, I came face to face with Varay’s dragon made completely of ice.
Is this why all the lances are so skilled in manipulating mana? I thought, sighing. Another thought occurred to me as well. Flying. Usually, skilled flying meant constant attention to your body and mana output all the while having your attention on something else, like fighting.
That was why most mages didn’t fly even if they were able to—what use was flying when it took complete focus to sustain it and the mana expenditure wasn’t cheap.
If manipulating mana became this easy, then I could see how the lances were able to easily fly while casually talking to me or even casting spells. Eager to know what my limits were, I was tempted to immediately head down to the training room and test a few theories out—I was especially excited to activate Realmheart just to see what I could do. However, a sharp pain flared in my head, wrenching me out of my thoughts.
‘A-Arthur! Something’s happening...’
Sylvie’s voice rang in my head, but sounded muffled and distorted.
Sylvie? What’s wrong?
I called out to her several more times but didn’t get a response. Feelings of excitement and elation were immediately replaced by worry and fear as I headed down the flight of stairs to the small training room she had isolated herself in.
I turned the cold metal handle of the door, but it was locked. “Sylvie, I’m here! Can you hear me?”
No response.
I shook harder, hoping it was just jammed, but seeing as it wasn’t, I punched a hole near the knob, rendering the lock mechanism useless. Pushing open the door, I stepped inside only to stop completely in my track at the sight ahead.
Standing in the back of the dimly-lit room was a wide-eyed little girl in a simple black robe with two black unmistakable horns jutting out from the side of her head.

I thought I was seeing things at first. I blamed the poor lighting and the shadows cast by them for playing tricks on my eyes, but when I stepped closer and the girl looked up and we locked eyes, I knew.
“Sylvie? Is that you?”
The girl cracked open an uneasy smile, a trace of fear and excitement evident in her bright topaz eyes. “H-Hi, Arthur.”
The two of us stood there. Neither one of us knew what to do, what to say, how to react. I still couldn’t believe it. My eyes told me that I was seeing a girl that looked no older than eight or nine with long choppy hair that was the same pale wheat color as her draconic form’s underbelly; looking closely, her messy hair looked more like soft feathers than actual strands of hair.
Little of the girl’s small face was covered by her hair, since her bangs barely covered half of her forehead. Her round yellow eyes shifted uneasily under my scrutinizing gaze until she sent a mental transmission.
‘How long are you going to keep staring like that?’
Caught off guard, I flinched, but not by the words themselves but the emotions that were intertwined into them.
Unlike before, I could feel the emotions she was feeling while she communicated through my mind. Like now, how she felt uncomfortable and embarrassed, but at the same time excited and anxious. It was odd feeling foreign emotions through my brain; it was never like this before. At most, Sylvie could send one, extremely strong, emotion to me that felt more like she was telling me how she felt—it was never this... intimate, for lack of a better word.
“Sorry,” I said aloud. “I’m still digesting everything right now. What exactly happened?”
“After absorbing the retainer’s mana from the horn you gave me, I was able to finally break the seal that you and grandpa said that my mother placed on me to keep me hidden.” The disparity between her childish voice and her words threw me off, but I nodded in understanding.
“So by breaking the seal, you were able to unlock the human form that asuras were able to transform into?”
“Yeah,” she said, looking down at her small hands. “To tell you the truth, I haven’t had the chance to really study the changes in my body so I can’t tell you exactly what’s happening at this moment but—”
Sylvie abruptly lurched and staggered, nearly falling forward before she regained balance.
“Sylvie? You okay?” I asked, concerned.
Sylvie stood in place for a moment, frozen. I cautiously made my way to her, unable to even fathom what was wrong, when she slowly looked up.
When our eyes locked again this time, however, a chill ran down my spine. Her appearance was the same—nothing had changed—but her presence, her demeanor, her gaze were completely different. So much so that I had involuntarily stepped back from her.
‘Sylvie’ straightened herself, swaying her neck side to side as if she was stretching it.
“Ah, ah,” she said, clearing her throat. “You can hear me, yes?”
I raised a brow, not knowing how to answer.
“I’ll take that gesture as a yes,” she said dismissively.
“Who are you?” I asked, my eyes narrowing.
‘Sylvie’ smirked, an expression that looked unnatural on her face. “I’m grateful that you happened to be in the same room when the connection was finally established. It makes things so much easier.”
“Who. Are. You?” I repeated.
Her smirk widened to a smile. “Agrona.”





Chapter 194
Chapter 194: Man Behind the Veil
I could feel the blood drain from my face, but I held my ground. Despite the casual disclosure, I could tell that Syl—Agrona was carefully observing how I’d react. The same two gleaming yellow eyes that looked so innocent and confused just moments ago were now bright ruby and carried an unwavering confidence and authority—he could’ve just as easily said he was some sort of sentient shapeshifter from a different planet and I would’ve been compelled to believe him.
Giving no indication that his words had any effect on me, I made a simple gesture with my hand, casting multiple spells simultaneously. The door closed shut and a thick stone slab sprouted to barricade the entrance while a swirling layer of wind surrounded the two of us, muting any sound that might leak from the room. I also layered the floor around the room’s vicinity in case anyone came close by.
“Is Sylvie safe while you’re in control of her body?” I asked.
“Sylvie... a good name. ” Agrona breathed as if savoring the sound. “Yes, what I’m using to speak with you like this is a harmless spell that I’ve embedded onto her while she was still an egg. Sylvie’s simply sleeping.”
Two stone chairs popped up from the ground and I took a seat, gesturing at Agrona to do the same.
Agrona sat down, leaning back in the seat contently. “Thanks for the hospitality, and for keeping your wits together. Makes communicating so much easier without you trying to kill me.”
“You’re possessing my bond, so hurting you like this wouldn’t be very effective,” I replied calmly.
He shrugged. “I wouldn’t have been able to put much of a fight regardless since I can’t use any mana arts like this, but I digress. Shall we talk about something a bit more important than the various flaws of this method of communication?”
Seconds ticked by in silence, with only the faint whistle of the field of wind surrounding us while the two of us stared at each other.
My brain whirled with activity, trying to make sense of the sudden change of events while devising a clever way to take full advantage of it. Afterall, it wasn’t everyday that you could calmly have a one-on-one meeting with the enemy’s leader in the middle of a war. But whether it was because I was still having a hard time believing all of it or because my worry over Sylvie was constantly nagging at me even with my calm facade, my mind couldn’t keep a coherent train of thought. So I asked the one question that had bugged me ever since he first took control of Sylvie.
“You said you were grateful that I happened to be in the same room when you made the connection. Why did you only seek me out?”
“Fair question. First reason, and the more obvious one, is that I’m sure most of the members of your leadership wouldn’t take too kindly of me intruding on their home turf in the form of a little girl. Assuming that they even believe me, it would scare the living shit out of them given the fact that I could intrude their most ‘secured’ location in the continent,” he answered. “Although... it would be amusing to see their reaction.”
“And the second reason?”
“Because”—he leaned forward and grinned—“you’re the only one on this continent that I’m interested in.”
I didn’t expect that answer. What did the leader of a rogue asura clan that was hundreds, if not thousands, of years old find interesting about me. Whatever it was, it couldn’t be a good thing.
My expression must’ve betrayed me because the asura abruptly let out a laugh. “Don’t worry, I’m not going to just suddenly pin you to the ground and have my way with you. Assuming my tastes suddenly skewed that way, it’d still be a little inappropriate in this form, no?”
I rolled my eyes as the supposed mastermind behind the intercontinental war, unable to make heads or tails of his character.
“You’re a lot more eccentric than I imagined... almost sociable,” I commented.

Agrona raised a brow, amused. “Did you perhaps, see me as some poised dictator hell-bent on making the world all mine while donning a silken cape?”
“Something like that.”
He put on a grave expression while leaning forward. “Well...”
“You’re partly right!” Agrona flashed a smile.
He leaned back again, as if unable to find a comfortable position to sit still in. “Don’t let this pleasant demeanor fool you. I have my goals and ambitions and a face I show my people in public. But as for my personality, after spending generations upon generations amongst you lessers that seem to change your ethics and social mores on a whim, it’s a pain to keep up with appearing dignified and cultured. For instance, even in my continent just a couple hundred ago, it used to be normal to have public torture and executions—hell, they even brought snacks and watched it as free entertainment. Now? It’s somehow become shockingly horrifying to them.”
He waved a hand dismissively. “I have my people to handle and run the lessers based on their ever-changing sense of right and wrong.”
Wow, he talks a lot. Still, there was a lot of knowledge contained in his little rant. From what I’ve seen facing the Alacryan soldiers and, truthfully, my own prejudice based on the crazy Vritras like Uto and the witch, I imagined that the enemy continent would be some horrid wasteland full of lessers enslaved to do the Vritra’s bidding.
But from what Agrona just said, Alacrya seems to be like any normal developing land with leaders that actually care for the citizens.
“That look you have right now.” He pointed a finger at me. “That annoying look of pleasant surprise... you were thinking that it’s weird that I actually give an ass about the lessers in Alacrya, huh.”
“Well, from what the asuras told me. You’ve been conducting experiments on the lessers and breeding with them before you were even kicked out of Epheotus,” I remarked.
I expected him to get mad—at least annoyed—but instead his expression turned somber. “The best lie is only telling half the truth, I suppose. Kezess or that lackey of his, Windsom, never told you the reason why I did all of this, did they.”
So Lord Indrath’s first name is Kezess, I noted internally before replying. “It was to build an army capable of bringing down the other asuras, no?”
“That’s all they told you?” Agrona rolled his eyes, tapping his fingers impatiently on the chair’s armrest. “Arthur, do you think I one day just woke up wanting to commit genocide against my brethren?”
“Any reason you have isn’t justification for what you’re trying to do,” I stated firmly.
He let out a scoff. “I should’ve more or less expected you to have the same mindset as Kezess and the rest of his underlings.”
Annoyed, I asked, “What do you mean?”
“Let’s suppose you lived in this continent without being able to use magic; how differently would everyone you know have treated you today? The royal families that you know? They wouldn’t bat an eye in your direction. Your peers from Xyrus? You would’ve never met them and probably just befriended thugs and farmers from your own social class. Your family? Well, they might be the only ones that love you, but that doesn’t mean they wouldn’t be inwardly disappointed at your lack of talent.”
I raised a brow. “And... this hypothetical person is supposed to relate to you?”
“Basilisks in general were notorious amongst other races, but imagine if your very clansmen and family looked down on you for the miniscule talent that you had no control over. The same Lord Indrath that approved of you in that brusque and lofty way of his didn’t even find it worthwhile to breathe in my direction,” Agrona spat, his fingers clawing away at the armrest.
“And you found it justifiable to inhumanely toy with the lives of countless ‘lessers’ in order for you to get stronger?” I shot back.
He tilted his head. “Do you shed tears for the ants that you step on?”

Rage smoldered in my stomach, but by his tone and expression, it didn’t seem like he was looking down on me. He truly felt that lessers were bugs to him.
I let out a breath. “It was naive to think we could have a rational conversation.”
Agrona spread his arms, looking at me with a proud smile. “What I achieved through those experiments have benefited not only myself, but the lessers in Alacrya to such a degree where they worship me—not out of fear, but out of reverence. To them, I am their savior.”
“Savior?” I let out a scoff. “Did you somehow wipe the memories of killing and torturing your people’s ancestors or something?”

“Killing and torturing... I could taste the bitterness in your words from here in Alacrya, Arthur,” he said, feigning a hurt expression. “Why, I’ve merely utilized the many lessers that were available to me in order to strengthen my own kind’s inherent abilities. I’m sure those test subjects are grateful that I made use of them in order to accomplish something unimaginable for their future generations.”
I wanted to slap the snide look off his face, but this egotistical maniac truly believed what he did was right.
“What have you managed to accomplish for their future generations that is so great that it supersedes decades of you conducting experiments on the inhabitants of Alacyra? I asked, playing along.
“I’ll answer that question with another question,” he gestured. “I know that the rough statistic of mage to nonmages in Dicathen is one in one hundred. What do you suppose the statistic is in Alacrya?”
I remained silent.
Agrona smirked. “It’s one in five.”
“One in fi-five?” I sputtered.
“Unimaginable by your standards as well, right?” He gave me a wink.
“I’ll admit that what you manage to do is impressive, but aren’t you afraid that with so many of the population as mages, that those who still hold a grudge will band up and revolt?”
Agrona looked at me for a second in silence before he burst out laughing.
“Oh... you weren’t joking,” he said in between laughs after seeing my expression. “Like I said earlier, my people, whether they have some of my genes or they’re still full blooded lessers, revere me. Because of the structured process of awakening that I devised for them, so many of them can utilize magic to improve their mundane lives.”
“You’re telling me that you spent the time and effort to devise this method for what... the actual benefit of Alacryans?” I asked, skeptical. “I’ve heard from the asuras, but since they’re apparently so skewed in their views, I want to hear it from your mouth. What is your goal in all of this?”
“Ooh, is this the part where the villain falls into a monologue and reveals his nefarious plans to the righteous hero?” he replied excitedly, steepling his fingers.
I shook my head. “You’re insane.”
“Insanity is relative,” he said, unwavering. “And as for your question, I have no intention of telling you anything.”
“You said you were interested in me earlier. I assumed it was because you wanted my help, but withholding your goal in all of this hardly makes me want to jump to your side,” I pushed, hoping to get an answer out of him.

Agrona leaned back. “I never expected you to come to my side through this little conversation. I told you all of this because in hopes that you will remove yourself from the war.”
“What? Why would I—”
Agrona held up a hand. “Before you say no, consider this. Thus far, I’ve been progressing very conservatively in this war—refraining from unnecessary civilian deaths since I have use for them—but that does not mean it’ll continue being this way.
You’ve barely clung onto your life ‘til now, but this is just the start. Statistically speaking, how likely is it that your side can win this war with your family and other loved ones alive after everything?” He paused before speaking again. “You can hide, seek refuge in Alacrya, anything really, just as long you don’t become an opponent to my army. Guarantee that, and I will guarantee that you and your loved ones will be left untouched.”
It’d be a lie to say a small part of me wasn’t tempted. “What do you gain from me doing this? Telling me to keep hidden or go to Alacrya obviously means you want me alive. Why? If I’m not on your side, aren’t I a threat?”
“Despite how I may have been perceived and what I’ve done to get to where I am today, I don’t believe that allies can be made through force. If I want you on my side, I won’t do so through threats.”
The two of us stayed silent for a bit. He was waiting for me to respond, and I didn’t know how to respond. I wanted to refuse—I should definitely refuse—but for some reason, his words carried a weight that made me truly think.
“It actually seems like you’re thinking about it,” he chuckled. “As a small thank you for that, I’ll divulge a few things that you may or may not have been curious about” Agrona smoothed out the wrinkles of the black dress that Sylvie’s body had been wearing. “First. Your parents were attacked not too long ago while transporting supplies to your forces at the Wall, correct?”
I bolted up from my seat, mana coalescing around my entire body.
Agrona raised his hands in a placating gesture though, still seated. His eyes, however, were fierce. “You may not believe me when I say this, but your parents were left untouched because I willed it.”
“Lastly. The asuras have been out of touch with your leaders, right?” He didn’t wait for me to respond. The asura possessing my bond rose to his feet, maintaining his poise. “It’s because a few asuras, including Aldir and Windsom, tried infiltrating my castle in Alacrya, hoping that they’d succeed in killing me while my forces are divided...”
“Tried? That means that they failed,” I replied, my heart beating faster.“Doesn’t that mean the treaty is broken?”
Agrona shook his head. “No. Neither my side nor the asuras in Epheotus wish for it, but they had to pay for disrespecting the treaty so we made another deal.”
I was afraid to ask, but I did anyway. “What is the deal that you made?”
“The asuras in Epheotus can no longer aid you in any way throughout this war,” he answered, stepping a bit closer. “Windsom, Aldir, and the rest of the asuras that you’ve met have abandoned you and Dicathen.”
I want to say that I remained unfazed and took the news in stride, but that’d be a lie. In my head, I was using every curse I knew to express the frustration and panic that was bubbling up inside.
Finally, after I gained enough composure to form words again, I spoke. “... Why are you telling me all of this?”
“To appeal to you of course. I’m trying to ultimately get you on my side willingly, remember?” Agrona winked. “Frankly, I don’t get where your loyalty to those asuras come from. Kezess and the other asuras that helped train you only did so for their gains and you simply went along because you needed to get stronger to keep your loved ones safe. Seems more like a business arrangement to me.”
I shook my head. “Even so. You’ve said that you’ve been conservative during this war, but while you come off as well-mannered so far, your retainers have massacred soldiers with glee.”
“Exactly as you said. Soldiers,” Agrona pointed out, snapping his fingers. “And really... I think it’s hardly fair to bring that up when your side has treated my men with just about the same amount of hospitality. I’d say freezing my poor Jagrette and displaying her corpse like some sort of trophy in front of your nobles is hardly any better than what she or any of my other soldiers have done.”
I was at a loss for words. I wasn’t even surprised that Agrona somehow knew all of this at this point, just that he was right.
Silence enveloped the room, bringing to attention the sound of the wind whistling around us.
“What we’ve discussed today isn’t something you can organize in a span of a few minutes so I’ll give you some time to think about everything,” he finally said, breaking the silence. “Besides, Sylvie seems to be stirring from her sleep so after you’ve thought about it, give me an answer after reciting this spell to Sylvie.”
He muttered a string of foreign words through mental transmission, allowing me to remember it. “I advise you to make a choice soon, though. Like I said earlier, we’re progressing into the next stage of this war, and I assure you it won’t be to your side’s benefit. Giving you this deal does not grant you immunity from harm should you refuse or withhold your answer.”
“Wait,” I called out. “What you told me earlier... that I was the only one on this continent that you were interested in. You never told me why that is.”
“I suppose it does no harm in telling you.” Agrona tapped his chin with a finger, thinking for a moment. “Let’s say I’ve enjoyed talking with an old friend of yours, King Grey.”





Chapter 195
Chapter 195: Next Stage
STEFFAN VALE
“Oh, Great Vritra,” I muttered under my breath, watching a shield lose his footing, almost getting trampled in the process.
“Shields, keep up those defensive panels! Don’t let any of the beasts stray off,” I barked out before looking down at the mysterious black ore I had been ordered to break once the beasts were all inside the Elshire Forest.
I watched as hundreds of corrupted beasts were herded through the walls of translucent panels casted by teams of shields. It was a peculiar sight as monsters that would normally be nowhere near each other walked sluggishly abreast. hound-sized spiders, large wolves and even serpents with heads on both ends ‘marched’ together, unaware of what was going on. Several unads served to protect each of the shields just in case any of the beasts broke free.
Even unads have their purposes. Better one of them dies than a mage.
I cast my eyes on the ironclad unads wielding ordinary weapons of steel, unable to even strengthen them. Pitiful.
I turned to the sentry assigned to my force, a lanky man with bangs that covered his eyes. “Can you get a read inside the forest?”
He put his palms to the ground before clicking his tongue. “My range is cut to a fourth inside there.”
“Looks like you’ll have to go in with us,” I sighed.
He stepped away from me. “W-What? That’s not what—”
Before he could finish, I grabbed the ‘precious’ sentry by the scruff of his neck. “Look. I don’t care if you sentries think you’re precious because of your perverted voyeuristic magic. You’ll be safe with my personal shield and caster.”
“A-All right, but if anything happens to me...”
The boy’s idle threats were laughable by his trembling.
Merciful Vritra, how can he even see himself as a soldier if he’s scared to go anywhere near a battle.
“You’ll be fine,” I stressed, letting go of his collar. “Now form the mental link with me, and me only. Something tells me you’re not very good at multitasking.”
The sentry nodded, placing two fingers on my temple and concentrating.
‘C-Can you hear me?’ a familiar voice rang directly in my head.
How is it that you stutter even inside your head, I thought.
‘Just so you know, I can only do a one-way line of mental communication so I won’t be able to hear back from you.’

“Okay,” I said aloud, holding back the urge to roll my eyes. Despite his shortcomings, having a sentry is a big bonus in that my shield and caster won’t have to stay as close to me and rely on feedback from the sentry.
Turning my attention back to the task at hand, I watched as teams of mages stood on standby as more and more of the corrupted beasts disappeared into the thick, hazy forest that was home to the elves in Dicathen. As soon as the last of the monsters herded out from the Northern Beast Glades were deep inside the dense array of trees, I held up the black ore.
“Una—nonmages, front line positions with weapons out. Strikers, behind them with your shields and casters nearby. Prepare to charge at a given notice!” I ordered as everyone shuffled into place.
I didn’t know how those corrupted beasts were sedated but the artifacts entrusted to me seemed to work like a charm. As soon as I shattered the ore, releasing the effects of my control, vicious growls, snarls, and roars broke out from within the forest.
Several unads carrying supplies began handing out the vials of rancid liquid for everyone to spray on their clothes. Expensive and temporary, but it was the only way the corrupted beasts would not attack us.
Moments of tense silence ensued as everyone waited for my signal. I flexed my hands, eager to get in some action with my newly unlocked crest. It had yet been even a passing of a season since I had trained my initial mark to form my crest—truly praiseworthy for someone that had just turned eighteen—yet I found myself thirsting for more. Just like my father, I also wanted to be granted the privilege of entering the Obsidian Vault to hopefully acquire an emblem.
I looked forward to returning to Alacrya. I knew my father would survive the trials the Obsidian Vault gave to those that entered and I wanted nothing more than to see what sort of emblem he would come out with.
Perhaps he’ll be blessed with a legendary regalia! If that happens, our House of Vale will soar within all of Vechor, perhaps even within all of Alacyra.
I knew that my father wouldn’t be able to get a regalia. While considered young, he was still only a mid-tier mage after all—the same as me, albeit twice my age. While I respected his strength and talent, he was still a shield. I allowed myself a faint smile that only lasted but a brief second when a loud crash resounded from the distance. With my basic senses enhanced by my crest, I was able to hear faint yells from what could only be by the elves patrolling the area.
Taking a glance behind me to make sure that the signaling artifact was in place to guide us back out of the forest, I readied myself.
“Charge!” I roared out cladding my whole body in mana—another perk of my newly acquired crest.
The nonmages charged without any doubt or reluctance while even the mages strode forth with unusual vigor.
Taking just a quick moment to look down, I realized it was probably the soft glow emanating from my body that filled my troops with confidence. Confidence that stemmed from both my strength and mentality. It didn’t matter if the Dicathiens had strange, versatile magic. For me, this was just a mission to succeed in and to receive more achievements—achievements that will further my blood waiting for me back home.
I weaved through the maze of trees, unable to even see my own feet because of the dense fog. However, it was easy to spot the battle between the elves and the corrupted mana beasts we had let loose on their land.
Though outnumbered, the elves were holding their own fairly well against the rabid beasts. Glowing arrows shot with astonishing accuracy fell beast after beast, small or large. Several elven soldiers were even able to control the trees around them to trap and choke several of the larger beasts.
One enemy mage stuck out. An older female with blonde hair that flowed out of her helmet. She had no weapons but from her hands came out deadly blades of wind that were able to splice several beasts at once.
That was my target.
“Seren, focus shields on me and stay at a distance with Mari. Sent—Ashton, stick close to them and relay my position in case I’m in danger,” I ordered, picking up my pace. Polygonal panels of mana hovered around me, ready to defend against any projectiles while a faint hum sounded from behind as Mari began charging her magic.
I channeled mana through my crest, an action that was as natural as breathing by now. Unsheathing my sword, strengthened by a famed instiller, I ignited the weapon with a jagged fire that tore and seared rather than burned.
I circulated more mana through my crest and out to the rest of my body to strengthen my limbs. Power rushed through me as I dashed forward into the thick of the battle like a true striker. My sword buzzed, glowing brightly like a beacon to my troops as I neared the first elf in my path.
The lean elf with short hair and stern brows turned to me, eyes widening. His mouth moved and wind began gathering around his dual daggers but it was too late.
I guess it’s true that mages of Dicathen, while versatile, were slow. How inefficient and primitive.

My sword tore through the daggers that he had crossed together to defend himself with before slashing into his torso. Unexpectedly, I felt my sword go through a layer of mana.
So even weak mages like him were able to clad himself in mana. How odd.
I didn’t waste another breath as I finished off the impaired elf. Taking a quick moment to look around, I saw that many other of my mages had already engaged with the enemy elves. As predicted, the tides were rapidly turning in our favor. The corrupted beasts were deadly in that they didn’t care for their own safety and viciously attacked anything in their way.

As I neared closer to the elf using wind-blade magic, Ashton’s voice rang once more in my head.
‘Her mana readings are a bit different, b-but she should be around the lower end of a mid-tier mage.<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>Your caster is readying her spell to single-target. Proceed with caution, and I’ll let you know when to get out of the way.’
So this is what it’s like to have a sentry—even a half-baked one—accessible. No wonder they’re considered valuable despite not having a single form of offensive or defensive magic.
The flame magic that had been unlocked through my mark after the awakening ceremony allowed my flames to take on a jagged quality that tore away at anything in its path. A rare, upper mid-tier mark. However, after I had mastered this magic to the point that I could evolve it to a crest, I was able to utilize it in a whole new way.
Dropping my speed, I sheathed my sword and circulated more mana through my crest. My body erupted, covering me in an armor of fire while releasing four floating sickles of jagged flames. They orbited around me, ready to strike with a very thought as I concentrated entirely on controlling them.
The female elf clad in armor let loose another blade of wind, killing yet another two beasts before turning her full attention on me.
Unlike the previous elf I had just killed, her mouth didn’t move while she let loose a blade of wind at me.
‘S-Shield prepared to guard the attack. Proceed,’ the sentry informed.
I stepped off, my movement empowered by the flames enveloping my body. The polygonal shields layered in front of me, prepared to take on the wind blade. The first panel broke upon impact and the second one cracked, but withstood the attack before wind dissipated.
Using that opportunity, I was able to get in range to send my sickles out to my opponent.
‘A arrow incoming from left. Duck!’
Without hesitation, I fell to the ground. That broke my concentration in controlling the flying sickles of flame, but I was able to dodge the mana-clad arrow as it whizzed above me. Just by the sound it made, I knew that relying on the shield was a risk better not taken.
I need to end this fast. I don’t want to waste too much mana on just a single enemy.
The drawback of using the full form of my crest was that it took a lot of mana to keep up. Not to mention that each of the three sickles took up additional mana to maintain; something I need to improve upon if I want to be able to control more sickles.
Pushing off with both my hands and feet, I dashed toward the elf, who was just about to release another blade.
I sent a single sickle down on her gathered hands. Despite the speed of my blitz attack, she was able to dodge my sickle in time to save her hands from getting sliced off. However, that allowed me to bury a flame-clad fist right into her breastplate, shattering it and sending her flying backward and into a tree.
Releasing my flame-clad form to save mana, I drew my blade to end the elf when a terrifying presence gripped at my very soul.
‘S-S-Steffen. G-Get out of there. Now!’

I wanted to. I wanted nothing more than to get of here, but I found myself on my knees, clawing at my chest because I couldn’t breathe.
What in Great Vritra’s name is this suffocating presence?
I tried to crawl away—that was all I could manage. I cared not to save my appearances. If I didn’t get out of here, I knew that I wouldn’t even live to feel shame.
That was when a person landed in front of me.
I looked up to see the boy, his long auburn hair tied messily behind him with striking blue eyes that radiated power. He gazed down at me with an annoyance that wasn’t even directed to me.
I was the son of Karnal Vale, heir to the House of Vale, yet in front of this boy that appeared no older than me, I was nothing.
My body trembled and convulsed as a palpable power radiated from him and weighed down on me.
Just then, however, I heard a slight hum before a beam of pure frost bombarded the boy. I flinched and tried to roll away to not get caught up in the blast.
A fleeting sense of hope allowed me to get back on my legs as I tried to run away, but before I could even get in two steps, a searing pain radiated from my right arm and the ground slid out from under me.
I toppled forward, unable to get up. Looking behind me, I could only see a pool of crimson spreading from where my arm used to be. Desperate, I used my only able arm to try and crawl, somehow unable to get up. My eyes searched for my teammates, only to see Seren, Mari and Ashton fleeing away.
My vision dimmed as I found myself eye-level with the roots sprouting from the ground, my last thoughts being how it wasn’t supposed to end like this.
ARTHUR LEYWIN
I surveyed the surroundings. The once lush green forest was splattered with blood and corpses. Even the thick fog did little to cover up the aftermath of the battle.
“Thank you, General Arthur, for your aid,” the female elf that I had barely saved said, her voice hoarse and in pain.
My eyes fell to the elven soldiers that had died trying to protect their home. “I’m sorry I couldn’t come sooner. This could’ve all been avoided had I arrived before the beasts were herded into the forest.”
The elf shook her head. “Please don’t apologize. The outcome of this battle would’ve been very different had you not come at all. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have to help and gather my men.”
Keeping her armor on, the elf ran off, checking for any signs of life while more elves arrived to help.
Is this what Agrona meant when he said the war is progressing to the next stage?
This marked the first attack on Elven territory, and even if this particular strike had failed, it had done its job.
Until now, only Sapin had taken the brunt of the attack, which made it easy to allocate resources to a central place, but now that our enemies are striking elsewhere as well, how will the Council choose to handle this?
I’ll have to check up on General Aya to see if she needs help, I thought before looking down at the Alacryan that I had managed to keep alive. I had severed his dominant arm but otherwise kept him able. The healthier he is now the longer he’ll last during the information extraction.
“You. Soldier carrying the weapons,” I called out to a nearby elf who had been assigned to collect his fallen comrades’ belongings.
The young elf looked down at weapons in his arms before realizing that he was the one being called to. “Y-Yes, General Arthur?”
I pointed down to the Alacryan on the ground. “Bring this one to the camp and wrap up his wounds so he doesn’t bleed out.”
There was a look of disdain that passed through the elf’s face, but he quickly hid it and dipped his head in understanding.
“Oh, and make sure he doesn’t kill himself before I interrogate him,” I added as the elf picked the wounded enemy up.
“Yes sir!” he said with renewed vigor, knowing that his enemy will perhaps have a fate worse than death.





Chapter 196
Chapter 196: Questioning
Letting out a sigh, I sank down on deep moss and leaned back against a tree. I pulled out a water skin and took a long sip, letting the cold water sit in my mouth before I gulped it down.
There was a faint glow now as the sun came up. Looking at the sky covered in trees, I took in the view of lush green with specks of orange peeking through to provide a little warmth in this damp and cold forest.
Distracting my mind from thinking of the upcoming task that I would have to undergo, I thought back to a few days ago. Despite the weighty conversation that I had with Agrona, things seemed to be getting better.
My core had advanced to white, and every moment my body acclimated to the change, I felt stronger. The scars around on my neck and wrist hadn’t disappeared but had become noticeably lighter. My legs that had endured several substantial injuries felt lighter than before.
I knew that my body hadn’t physically changed. This meant that I still couldn’t use any sequence of Mirage Walk, including Burst Step, without accruing damage to my lower body, but using organic magic, magic that was didn’t have a set purpose predisposed by gestures or chants, had become infinitely more natural and with it a method of becoming even stronger.
Sylvie, on the other hand, didn’t have it as easy. While she looked younger than my sister in her new form, she had the coordination of a toddler.
Her frustration was visible as she frequently tripped over her own foot or lost balance for no apparent reason while standing still. Perhaps even more amusing than her stumblings was her attempts at using her newly-acquired thumbs. More than once did a maid have to clean broken plates and shelf decors in the room.
I let out a chuckle, still clearly able to picture the faces of everyone when they saw Sylvie in her human form for the first time. Everyone had taken it a different way.
Kathyln’s eyes had widened as she bolted away from my door while repeatedly apologizing for the intrusion, leaving Hester with an amused grin as I tried to explain.
My sister had pointed at me with a trembled finger, asking when Tessia and I had a child together. While I didn’t blame her since Sylvie did have this sheen wheat-colored quality to her hair that might have been a result of a shade of brown mixing with gunmetal silver, but I responded as any older brother would. I smacked the back of Ellie’s head and asked her how Sylvie could’ve been my child if she looked only a few years younger than her. At the mention of Sylvie’s name, my sister turned ecstatic and the two have been spending more time with each other ever since.
Virion’s reaction had been relatively muted; he seemed to have sensed it was Sylvie the moment he walked into the room. That didn’t mean he was going to pass up the opportunity for a witty remark though. Rubbing his chin in thought while muttering that he now knew my preference counted as such.
Surprisingly, though, Emily’s reaction had disturbed me the most. The way she turned beet red and covered her mouth was reasonable enough, but she just stood there in the doorway, her curved lips peeking out from behind her hands.
It was a duly noted reminder to me to introduce a boy to the poor lonely artificer.
Squeezing my eyes shut, I let out a deep breath. I had left Sylvie behind since she was still getting used to the changes to her body in her new form now that the seal her mother had placed on her was broken, and while I felt isolated here despite the activity going around from the aftermath of the recent battle, I knew I made the right decision.
I didn’t want her—I didn’t want anyone I knew—to see what I would have to do to the boy I had kept alive.
I just hope that things are better on General Aya’s side, I thought.
The two of us were ordered to confirm and aid in the defense against the attacks of the Alacryans assuming that the messenger’s news was correct.
With my eyes still closed, I took in the symphony of sounds. Birds sang in varying notes while insects harmonized with their chirps and drones, all accompanied by the background of rustling leaves.

“Maybe it’s actually more peaceful here than in the castle,” I muttered optimistically, imagining the chaos in the meeting room right now as the members of the Council fought for the proper distribution of soldiers and mages now that significant attacks weren’t just happening on Sapin’s doorsteps.
“General Arthur!” a familiar voice called out from a distance, prying my eyes open.
It was the elf that I had ordered to carry the Alacryan. He ran toward me deftly, never missing a footing despite the unevenness of the ground. “The Alacryan has awoken!”
I rose to my feet, patting the dirt off of my clothes. I prepared my mind, reaching out for the emptiness that would help me interrogate the enemy without remorse or sympathy, all the while trying to bury the memory of my past when the situation was reversed. “Strip the prisoner and remove everyone else from the room.”
***
The encampment of the elven troops was in the middle of a small clearing that seemed unnatural just a few hundred yards north of the battle. Or so I thought. My senses even at white-core weren’t fully accustomed to the direction-disturbing effects of the Elshire Forest.
By the holes in the ground that had been packed with fresh dirt and the trees that seemed to be unusually dense just outside the camp, it seemed like the elves had a mage with strong wood affinity to manipulate the trees like this. Tents of thick fabric filled the clearing while elven soldiers moved about in activity.
A few bowed when our eyes met, while others glanced wearily at the human kid that was perhaps several times more powerful than the entire camp combined.
The elf pointed ahead. “This way, General. The Alacryan is in the tent at the rear. Our head is waiting just outside.”
I saw the large canopy made up of twisted roots and branches and a thick cloth draping over it. A swirling dome of wind covered the wooden tent and waiting with her attention to the entrance of the tent, arms out and mana continually circulating inside her, was the same armored woman that I had managed to save from the prisoner himself.
Upon seeing our arrival, she visibly relaxed and held out a hand. “I forgot to introduce myself earlier. My name is Lenna Aemaris, head of the southeastern unit in Elenoir.”
“Arthur Leywin.” I shook her hand before turning to the tent. “He’s able to talk?”
A look of disgust traced Lenna’s face. “He’s been screaming and yelling since waking up, which is why I had to put up a wind barrier. It’ll also give you some privacy.”
“Thank you.” I took a calm breath, dissociating myself from the events about to unfold as I walked through the sound protecting barrier without disrupting the spell—a feat that was much harder than it appeared. I wouldn’t think of myself as Arthur right now. I was an interrogator from this moment.
Inside, my ears were already filled with an angry boy shouting idle threats.
“My arm! Where’s my arm? If you primitive beasts know what’s good for you, you’ll untie me. I am of blood Vale, a distinguished family of the—”
My hand cracked across his face, snapping it back with the force of the blow.
The boy looked at me, stunned. “Y-You... You slapped me! What’s your name? I’ll have you—”
I bent forward after slapping him once more to lock eyes with the boy. “I don’t think you truly understand the gravity of the situation you are in, so allow me to enlighten you.”
I stepped down on his pinky toe until a sharp ‘crack’ could be heard.

The boy screamed and flailed but the chair he was tied to never faltered.
I stared, deadpan, as he struggled to cope. A few moments later, I could feel him cycle mana to his broken toe, trying to heal and alleviate some of the pain.
Good. The boy will last a while.

Despite strengthening his body with mana, I broke another one of his toes. Again, a shrill cry tore out of the boy’s throat as his eyes watered.
I removed my foot from his toe and waited another moment. Then, I stepped on and broke another one of his toes.
His shouts and curses soon turned to sobs and pleas to stop, but he wasn’t completely broken yet.
I moved my foot from his toes, just below his ankles, and stepped down. A series of ‘cracks’ and ‘snaps’ resounded along with the boy’s piercing shriek.
“Pl-Please. Why are you doing this? What do you want? I’ll give you anything,” he muttered in between sobs as he stared at his mangled left foot.
“Your name,” I demanded without emotion.
“Why do you need to know—” the boy let out another howl as his left fibula snaps in two. “Steffan! Steffan Vale. Please... no more.”
“Steffan. Even from a glimpse, I know your family—or blood, as you call it—is distinguished, meaning you are as well. Unlike the other soldiers we’ve captured so far, you’ve made no attempts to kill yourself and wish dearly to live. Am I correct so far?”
“Yes!” he blurted. Not giving his interrogator an excuse to break another bone.
I chose my words carefully before speaking. “I won’t kill you if you cooperate. In what condition you make it back home, however, will depend on how helpful you are and how honestly you answer my questions. Do you understand?”
He nodded fiercely.
“A few of your troops have survived and safely escaped, but I strongly advise you get rid of the hope that the number of forces they can muster up and bring back here will not be strong enough to aid you.” The mana that I had grown accustomed to restraining was set loose.
The thick roots and branches making up the tent cracked and snapped under the full weight of a white core mage letting loose. The ground splintered as rubble shook below our feet.
As for Steffan, he was having a hard time breathing even while meager amounts of mana cycled profusely throughout his body. His bloodshot eyes bulged as his mouth gaped like a fish out of water until I withdrew my mana back.
“I-I under... understand,” he stammered, unable to even muster up the strength to be embarrassed by the foul, acrid stench emanating from between his legs.
“Good.” I nodded, taking a step away. I thought of going straight to the more pressing questions, but I wanted to see if he was actually telling the truth.

“List all of the males in the Vale house and your relationship to them.”
The boy looked fearful for a second, most likely thinking that I would use this information to kill off his entire house, but with a quick reassurance that killing his family wasn’t my intention, he succumbed. Steffan rattled off a list of names that had no meaning to me besides that they were some distant cousin or uncle until one name that I could verify came up. “... Izora Vale, my mother. Karnal Vale, my father. Lucia Vale, my sister.”
I put up a hand to stop him.
“What is the awakening process?”
“The awakening is the ceremony that unlocks the children their first mark so that they can become a mage,” Steffan answered, his voice hoarse.
“What is the difference between a crest and a mark?” I asked, remembering the terms from my glimpse into Uto’s memories through his horn.
The boy recited his reply like he’d memorized it out of a textbook. “A crest is stronger. Symbolizes a greater understanding of the specified route of magic that the mark enables the mage to utilize...”
My curiosity was beginning to win over me; I wanted to learn more about Steffan’s continent, but I could tell he was starting to withdraw. It would be a lot harder to get him motivated to answer my questions the longer this went, and without an emitter to keep him alive, it was a risk I couldn’t take now.
Again, I chose the words very carefully for this question. I wanted Steffan to think I had a partial idea and only wanted him to confirm. That was the best way to get truthful answers out of him.
“What stage is above marks and crests?” I said, gripping his leg in warning as his eyes began to shut.
“A-After crests are emblems, and then regalias,” he said hurriedly.
“How strong are mages with regalias compared to retainers?”
“I-I don’t know! My family’s highest power is my grandfather, and he’s only an emblem mage—I swear on the name of Vritra!”
“Swear on the name of Vritra,” I echoed distastefully. I’ve heard a saying similar inside the cavern in Darv. It seems the Vritra are considered almost like gods in Alacrya.
“Do you know how many emblem and regalia-holders are on Dicathen currently?”
He shook his head. “My commander is is an emblem mage but I know that he answers to a regalia-holder. I don’t know the exact numbers.”
I let out a sigh. This boy is too low in rankings to be of any use. From the sound of it, the House of Vale that he so proudly proclaimed wasn’t even very high up in Alacrya either.
Asking a few questions pertaining specifically to the orders that had been given to him, I found out that several other troops were heading north to Elshire Forest just like I had feared.
The last question I asked was more for my own curiosity, but it turned out to be the most useful knowledge that I had gained from Steffan.
“Please... let me go now. You promised. I answered every one of your questions truthfully!” The boy’s shoulders sagged, and the stump that used to be his right arm was bleeding through the bandages.
“Like I said. I won’t kill you.” With those last words, I left the tent.
Waiting for me was Lenna, the elven woman that led the troops here. I took in the sights of the encampment. Waves of elven soldiers were arriving, some carrying bloodied allies, while others moved what was left of their comrades’ corpses.
I stepped forward, stopping beside her. She flinched when our eyes met, but she remained silent, waiting for my orders.58
My gaze remained cold, not wanting even a shred of emotion to get in my way as I spoke.
“I’m done. Feel free to dispose of the Alacryan how you see fit.”





Chapter 197
Chapter 197: Torn
My eyes shot open from a sharp sting on my cheek, only to see a blinding light aimed straight at my face.
Immediately, my heart started to pound as my mind scrambled to make sense of what was going on. I tried to get up, but both my hands and feet were bound to the chair I was sitting on.
“Grey. Can you hear me?” a dark silhouette behind the fluorescent light used in hospitals asked calmly.
“Where am I? Wh-Who are you?” I managed, my throat dry and burning.
“What is the last thing you remember?” a different shadowed figure growled, ignoring my questions. He had a larger frame than the one who had asked the previous question, but I couldn’t make out any other details aside from that.
My head throbbed as I tried to recollect the memories, but eventually I was able to sort them out. “I... I had just won the tournament.”
I was slowly adjusting to the light, able to make out more details of the room I was in and the figure standing in front of me.
“What else?” the man said calmly.
“I accepted an offer to be mentored by a powerful person,” I let out, hoping my ambiguity would go unnoticed.
“What is the name of this powerful woman and what is your relationship with her?” the man asked. The fact that he knew she was a woman made me think he was either testing me, or he already knew the truth.
I pulled at what felt like a thick metal wire tied around my wrists. Seeing as even my strength reinforced with ki did nothing, I answered. “I only know her as Lady Vera, and I just met her.”
“Lies,” the larger man, that I now could make out had long slicked-back hair, hissed. He raised a hand, as if to strike me, but the thinner man stopped him.
“What happened after you won the tournament, Grey?” he then asked, his voice never showing any signs of emotion.
I winced, trying to remember. “I think I headed back to my dorm room, right after.”
Lady Vera had said before we parted that she’d contact me once things settled down, but better to not tell these men more information than they ask for.
I was jolted out of my thoughts when the larger, long-haired grasped my entire neck with a single hand and lifted me—and the chair—off the ground.
“Again, lies!” he said, his face now close enough to mine to make out more details. He had scars all across his face, making his already-intimidating face even more frightening. “It’d be wise to just tell us the organization that sent you to protect the legacy.”
Organization? Legacy?
I couldn’t make sense of their accusations but with my throat unable to even gasp for air, I was left gagging in the man’s grasp until his thinner companion smacked away the hand that was choking me.
Anchored down by the chair I had been tied to, I fell helplessly on the ground. I lost consciousness for a split second when my head snapped and hit the cold hard floor.
When I came to, I had been put back upright, face-to-face with the thinner man that somehow scared me more than the large scarred abomination.
He had short cropped hair and eyes that looked more hollow than a dead fish. A single look into his eyes made me doubt that the man even had emotions to hide.
His eyes remained locked on mine for a split second before his lips curved up into a smile that didn’t quite reach his dead eyes.
He turned around and walked away. “Strip him while I get the white phosphorus.”

The larger man sneered as he tore off the old shirt I had worn to bed and the goose-print pajama pants that Headmaster Wilbeck had gotten me as a joke for my birthday.
“I believe you have some information that we need. Fortunately for you, this means that we need you alive for now.” The thinner man came back, wearing gloves. In his hands was a small metal cube. “If you’re truly who we suspect you are, then you might have prepared for this. If by some mistake, we’ve made an error and everything that we considered as evidence was simply coincidence, then...well... you’ll be experiencing something that you’ll never forget.”
“What? What are you talking about?” I said, still bleary from the recent head trauma.
“This will be easy,” the thin man smiled as he dipped a gloved finger into the metal cube. “I won’t even ask you any questions yet.”
He smeared a line of shiny silver paste just below my ribs, and brought out a lighter.
“W-Wait. What are you doing? Please,” I begged, still unable to even process how everything was unfolding.
The man didn’t talk. He just lowered the small flame onto the silver paste. As soon as the fire touched the substance, a pain that I didn’t even know existed erupted.
A scream tore out of my throat as my body convulsed from the searing torment that remained concentrated to where the paste was smeared.
I had gotten burned before, but compared to the sensation eating away at my skin right now, those memories actually felt pleasant.
It seemed like hours as the pain somehow seemed to grow worse. During this time, my screams turned hoarse and the tears that flooded down my face had dried and crusted.
Finally, the pain began to subside, only for the thin man—the demon—to apply another line of the silver paste on a different section of my body.
“P-Please,” I wept. “Don’t do this.”
The man remained silent and lit another hellish fire on my body.
I screamed. My mind screamed.
Every part of my body spasmed and twitched, doing whatever it could to expel this torment but all for naught.
Thoughts questioning whether I was going to die soon turned to thoughts hoping I’d die.
I couldn’t tell how many times the demon sauntered back to me with that wretched silver paste of his, but this time he stood still. He didn’t immediately smear my body with the paste again, but rather just locked eyes with me.
I jumped at this chance. If it meant that I would be free of the pain, I would do anything.
“I-I’ll tell you whatever you want. Anything. Everything!’ I pleaded, my voice barely coming out as a whisper.
“That’s better,” he smiled sincerely, somehow making his face even more twisted than before.
“Now, I’m going to paint you a little story and you’re going to help fill in the gaps for me. Any attempts at lying or withholding any truths will unfortunately lead me to put this in places more... sensitive. Am I clear?” The thin demon held up the container of what he called white phosphorus and waved it in front of me.
Without even the necessary saliva to swallow, I simply nodded.
“Your name is Grey, with background checks confirming you to be an orphan under refuge by one of the many institutions of this country. Headmistress Olivia Wilbeck had been taking care of you since infancy and the orphanage was what you considered home. Am I on track so far, Grey?”
I nodded again.
“Bring the boy a glass of water,” the thin man replied, seemingly pleased by my obedience.
The larger companion held a dirty cup against my mouth. The water was stale and musty, as if they’d wrung a wet dog, but it still felt like bliss against my parched mouth and throat.

The bulky man pulled away the cup when I had only finished half, making me crane my neck forward to try and suck as much water before he pulled it completely out of reach.
“Moving on—and this was where I was hoping you’d start filling in the gaps...” he said as if I had a choice. “What military institution trained you to be the legacy’s protector, because there wasn’t anything on official records.”
I furrowed my brows, confused. “I’ve only barely finished my second year at Wittholm Military Academy. I’ve had no previous training before.”

“So you’re telling me that you managed to defeat two professionally trained ki combatants without prior training?” the thin man asked, his voice getting dangerously low.
“I had help from my friends, but yes,” I said, mustering up as much confidence as I could.
“And so you’re telling me Olivia Wilbeck, that calculating shrew, allowed the legacy to simply walk out in public with two children that had no prior training?”
“What is this legacy you keep saying? I’ve never seen that thing in my life!” I pleaded.
The thin man regarded me silently for a moment. “There are just two things I really want to know, Grey. What organization sent you to protect the legacy, and to what extent is the country of Trayden providing assistance to you and the legacy by publicly announcing Lady Vera as your mentor?”
My mind spun for answers. I had no idea what organization he was talking about and what the country of Trayden had anything to do with whatever this legacy was.
Before I could answer, the man let out a sigh. He rubbed the bridge of his nose as he walked toward me. “I really hoped you’d stay true to your word and cooperate. If you hesitate like this, I can only assume you’re trying to make up an answer.”
He dipped his gloved fingers in the cube and smeared a line of the silver paste on the inside of my bare thighs.
“P-Please. I don’t know,” I pleaded once more, fresh tears rolling down my cheeks once more. “I don’t know!”
Hellfire ignited on the soft flesh of my thighs, the heat reaching up to my crotch.
I couldn’t tell if I was screaming after a while. My ears seemed to have tuned out my own yells. I thought the pain was unbearable, but I guess my body didn’t think so. No matter how badly I wanted to lose consciousness, I stayed awake, enduring the full brunt of the controlled flames.
But that wasn’t even the worst part. It was the part where the thin demon would come after a while and pause before wordlessly igniting another part of my body on fire.
Every time he walked toward me, I was both afraid and hopeful. Afraid that he’d induce more pain, and hopeful that this would be the time that he’d finally talk again and relieve me from this hell.
Time seemed so foreign to me. I couldn’t tell whether it was going by fast or slow inside this dark, windowless room. The bright light aimed constantly at my face didn’t allow my eyes to make out details of the room. No distraction to help me ease the pain.
What snapped me out of my stupor was the sound of footsteps approaching me. I readied myself to plead, to beg at the thin man, but I realized a third person had come inside the room.
“What th—”
The large man slumped after taking a quick strike from the third figure.
The thin demon lashed out with a weapon I couldn’t make out but was suddenly sent flying back.
The third figure walked toward me, turning off the light.
The world splotched white until my eyes were able to adjust.
“You’re safe now, kid,” the figure said, kneeling down.
It was Lady Vera.

ARTHUR LEYWIN
Gales of wind tore past me as I flew above the clouds. Reaching white core had come with an abundance of perks and manipulating ambient mana effectively enough to take flight was one of them. Had I tried to do something like this while still in silver, I would’ve drained my own core minutes into a journey.
Now, I was filled with the surreal feeling of the mana around me lifting me up into the sky. Still, while the sensation was exhilarating, my head swam with thoughts from last night’s dream.
I had assumed that interrogating the Alacryan was what brought out that unwanted memory, but with how frequently I’ve been having these detailed memories of my former life, I couldn’t help but grow worried and frustrated. Still, I had made a vow when I was born into this world that I wouldn’t live a life like my previous one. And until I could get a better explanation of why these memories were coming back, I decided to just consider them as reminders of my failures.
Besides, it wasn’t like I could see a therapist here.
I mustered a smile at the thought of myself laying on a couch, talking about my problems to a professional with a clipboard, when I looked back at toward Elshire Forest. A tinge of guilt surfaced in my stomach for leaving them so hastily.
Lenna and her soldiers are better off with General Aya staying behind since she can actually navigate within the forest, I reassured myself. After meeting up with the elven lance, we exchanged our findings in-depth. We had decided that I was to report back to the Castle while she remained as support until further orders by the Council.
I didn’t exactly report back to the Castle, but I did send a brief report through a transmission scroll that Lenna had on hand and informed Virion that I was going to make a small detour.
The transmission scroll will give them enough to work off of and the information I learned from the Alacryan will be more useful here, I thought as I stared at the snow-capped peaks of the Grand Mountains jutting out of the clouds.
Even this high up, I could hear the distant echoes of battle raging beneath. Muffled explosions, hums of magic, and the faint cries of various undistinguishable beasts resounded, muddled by the screams and yells of people fighting them.
For some reason, I was nervous. The lances rarely came to the Wall because there has yet to be any sightings of any retainers or scythes. The day-to-day battles that raged on by the wall were mages and soldiers alike facing corrupted beasts that mindlessly tried to charge through and break the line of defense.
I’d read many reports coming from the Wall and even made some changes to their fighting structure. Yet, this would be the first time I’d be there in person. This was where battles were going on almost daily, producing seasoned soldiers out of new recruits that were still wet on the nose—if they survived.
More importantly, this was where Tess and her unit were stationed. They were part of the assault division responsible for infiltrating dungeons and getting rid of corrupted beasts below and wipe out any teleportation gates that the Alacryan have been planting to transport more soldiers.
Reaching the Grand Mountains, I slowly descended through the sea of clouds until I got a full aerial view of the battle ensuing below me. Streams and bolts of magic in various colors rained down from the wall while soldiers below fought of hordes of beasts that had managed to live through the elemental assaults.
Some stronger beasts unleashed magical attacks of their own, but its number and volumes paled compared to the collective efforts of all the mages in the Wall.
I continued my descent toward the Wall, concentrating on the numerous types of beasts on the battlefield that was dyed in shade of red darker than normal blood when I sensed a spell approaching me from behind.
Looking back over my shoulder, I saw the blast of fire as large as my body in diameter shooting toward me.
A tinge of annoyance was all that I managed to muster up before swatting at the spell, dispersing it effortlessly before speeding my descent to the upper levels of the Wall.
Softening my landing with a cushion of wind, I was met with a crowd of soldiers kneeling.
Closest to me was a barrel-chested man clad in full armor that was dented and dirty from obvious exposure in battle. He knelt down a few feet ahead of me, his hand holding down the head of a man that looked to be only a few years older than me.
“General! My sincerest apologies for my subordinate’s grave blunder. As we had not received word that a lance would be blessing us with his presence, he assumed you to be an enemy. I will reprimand and see to his punishment immediately,” the man clad in armor stated. His voice wasn’t loud but carried a presence that told me his battered armor wasn’t the only thing that showed he was a veteran.
I pried my gaze off the man that I assumed was the leader and looked at the boy whose head was forcibly pushed down into a bow. He was trembling while he gripped at his staff with enough strength to whiten his knuckles.
It’s been a while since I’ve been treated like this, I mused, taking a moment to savor the heads bowed in respect and probably fear.
It grew old after a few seconds.
I cleared my throat and walked toward the large man in armor. “No need. I came unannounced and from the Beast Glades so I can see how your subordinate thought I was an enemy.”
I paused, and bent down to match my gaze to the conjurer that had fired the spell at me. “But, next time when you see an unidentified and possible threat, you should immediately notify your superiors so that they can make the judgement. Understood?”
“Un-Understood, General!” He bolted upright into a salute, nearly clipping my chin in the process.
With a grin, I turned back to the armored man.
“Name and position,” I stated, walking past him toward the stairs.
“Captain Albanth Kelris of the Bulwark Division.”<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>He trotted close behind.
“Well then, Captain Albanth Kelris, let’s talk strategy.”





Chapter 198
Chapter 198: A City Within
VIRION ERALITH
I took a seat on the cushioned chair of gnarled wood, casting a weary gaze at the two royal pairs already poised to lash out at each other; the only thing keeping the four of them silent was their respect for me.
In front of me was a transmission scroll that held the contents of today’s meeting sent to me by Arthur. A creeping suspicion that the boy in question had decided not to come straight back in order to avoid this meeting bubbled inside my head, but I let it go with a sigh.
I forgive you, Arthur. I don’t want to be here either, I thought, taking a moment to appreciate the luxuriously decorated room.
With a cozy fire burning in the hearth and several light artifacts set in gold sconces along the walls, the room was cast in a warm, friendly atmosphere—as if to mock the subtle hostility surfacing from those present inside.
The last shred of natural light from the window to my left dimmed as the sun dipped below the clouds. I took that as my cue to start the meeting. “Take a seat. Let’s begin.”
There was a moment of silence while the four in the room with me looked at one another before the head of the Glayder family cleared his throat.
“Well, we’ve all been briefed on General Arthur and General Aya’s report, so I say we get right to it. I believe we should keep our forces as is and send reinforcement to the Elshire Forest on an as-needed basis,” Blaine said. Despite the human king’s sunken cheeks and unshaved state that covered the lower half of his face with the same crimson color as his hair, he spoke resolutely.
I remained silent and neutral, as was my job until all sides—which in this case, two—have explained their arguments.
“Councilman Blaine. Sending reinforcements on an as-needed basis to the border between the Beast Glades and the Elshire Forest suggests you don’t see the elven territory worthy of defending,” Merial intoned coldly.
Years of being part of the Council had shaped my once lively daughter-in-law into a sharp and cold diplomat.
“Oh, don’t twist my words, Councilwoman Merial,” Blaine rebutted. “The report stated two separate attacks, but it was coordinated to happen at the same time. This means that, so far, only one attack has been made into the elven territory. Compare that to the near-daily attacks happening on the Wall, shouldn’t it be obvious that protecting Sapin’s borders takes precedence?”
“No one is saying that the defense of the Elshire Forest should take precedence over Sapin,” Alduin said, composed. “However, much like how there are elven soldiers stationed at the Wall to help protect Sapin, there should be at least some form of defense on the Forest border’s, don’t you think?”
“The Elshire Forest is a form of defense,” Priscilla Glayder added, pointing with her finger to the lower portion of the forest on the map laid out in front of them. “The mana-laden fog itself has been a form of deterrence to everyone but elves since its existence. Even the attacks attempted yesterday would’ve failed eventually if you chose to ignore the intruders. The Alacryans and beasts would’ve gotten lost and starved themselves to death long before they reached any outskirt cities of Elenoir.”
“The forest itself is a part of the kingdom of Elenoir, and there are still tribes of elves housed outside of the cities,” Alduin stated, his voice growing louder. “With that same reasoning just now, Sapin would also be better off abandoning the wall and the small outpost cities near the border so that there’s less land to protect.”
“How can you even call that an adequate comparison!” Blaine roared, slamming his palms down on the roundtable. “The easiest way to the major cities of Elenoir is through the northern range of the Grand Mountains, from Sapin. If Sapin goes down, even the outer cities, the Alacryans will have far easier access to your lands as well!”
“Watch your tone, Councilman,” Merial snapped, her bright blue eyes growing dark. “You act as though the elves are in your debt when we have sent plenty of mages to help your forces fend off the Alacryans from your waters. If even a fourth of those soldiers were stationed to guard the forest borders, we wouldn’t even be needing this meeting.”

The former human queen spoke, her chilling voice soothing the heated argument. “The truth remains as it is. While you can say that the Elshire Forest is part of your kingdom, no cities or even towns have yet to see battle. Until such a need grows, sending troops will only weaken the borders that are continuously facing battles.”
Alduin rubbed the bridge of his nose, closing his eyes. When he opened them, his emerald eyes locked into mine. “All we’re requesting is sending some of our men back to Elenoir so that they can defend their home.”
“There is no your men. Did you forget? The Council was formed to unite the three races because we predicted an outside threat. Our job is to stay impartial and lead the entire continent into a victory over the Alacryans, not just Elenoir,” Blaine rebutted before turning to face me. “I implore Commander Virion that he remains impartial for the sake of this war.”
“You talk of impartiality when you’ve been single-mindedly focused on what’s best for your kingdom!” Alduin argued, the tip of his ears turning red. “And if the whole sake of the Council was to unite the three races, yet one of the three races isn’t even present, doesn’t that defeat the whole point?”
“Enough!”
Those present in the room felt the palpable pressure that I cast on the place. Even Priscilla, with her core on the verge of turning silver, paled as she struggled.
“I’ve heard both sides, and before you further degrade yourselves by arguing like spoiled children, I’ll inject myself.”
Both Blaine and Alduin flushed with anger and embarrassment but remained silent.
I cast a sharp gaze to everyone inside before speaking again. “Based on the number of attacks, Sapin remains a priority for the Alacryans. As Councilman Blaine mentioned, the easiest way to the major cities of Elenoir is from crossing the northern range of the Grand Mountains from Sapin, and since there have been small strikes near that area, we are to proceed under the assumption that the Alacryans know this as well. We’ll send more troops to solidify that area’s defense.”
“That still doesn’t—”
Another pulse of mana sent Alduin’s jaw to snap shut.
“As for the defense of the southern borders of Elenoir, we’ll have several units of the Trailblazer division stationed to only make expeditions down the dungeons nearby so that they can resurface and act as additional support in case of more attacks in the forest.”
The room remained tense, but everyone seemed satisfied—just barely.
“Good,” I nodded. “Now. As for the biggest issue. Our alliance with the dwarves has remained neutral at best the best of times, and hostile for the remainder. Even with the formation of the Council, the dwarven representatives have always had their own agenda and priorities, but I’m hoping that will soon change.”
I turned my head toward the single door, and everyone followed. After a moment of silence, I cleared my throat. “You can come in now.”
“Oh, damn, I missed my cue!” a gruff voice sounded from the other side of the room.
I could feel a smile forming on my lips.
The ornamented knob shook harshly before a brawny dwarf with a thick white beard and a decorated robe that seemed a few sizes too tight walked inside.
With a childish grin, he took a seat in the empty chair closest to him before introducing himself. “Buhndemog Lonuid. Pleasure to meet y’all.”

ARTHUR LEYWIN
Walking down the neverending flights of stone stairs, I remained entranced by the bustle of activity all around us. I couldn’t help but think how misleading the name ‘the Wall’ was—it was so much more.
Each flight of stairs led to a different floor within the Wall. The highest stories remained relatively minimal with reinforced metal and stones continually being maintained by human and dwarven mages. There were also teams of conjurers and archers stationed on these upper floors, responsible for firing down at the enemies below through the numerous embrasures.

Adjacent to the multiple staircases spanning the entire height of the Wall were dozens of pulleys that hauled arrows, provisions and other supplies to the upper levels.
The sound of tools clashing against stone and steel was actually drowned down by the footsteps of soldiers and workers alike, that never remained still for even a moment.
“Please excuse the noise, General. I’ve been told it’s quite overwhelming for those that aren’t used to it,” Albanth shouted, his voice barely audible from the clamor.
“Overwhelming indeed,” I drew in a breath. “I regret taking this long to actually visit the Wall. It’s amazing!”
“While I’d like to take the credit, I’m fairly new here myself. The senior captain that I, along with a few others like myself, report to is the one responsible for the whole system and structure of this place,” he explained, waving at a few workers that saluted to him.
We continued our walk down the stairs until we reached a gate accompanied by two soldiers standing guard.
“The floors from here on out are accessible to civilians as well,” Albanth explained, flashing a badge at the guards.
“Captain!” the two saluted before turning an uncertain gaze toward me.
“Fools!” Albanth barked. “Were you taught to stare in the presence of a lance?”
The armored guards’ eyes widened, their faces paling.
“General!” they immediately bowed in unison.
The captain scratched the back of his neck.<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>“My apologies, General. Some of the lower soldiers still can’t recognize the lances on sight.”
“It’s fine,” I smiled looking at the soldiers. “And a salute is enough.”
“Yes sir!” the soldier on the right replied, standing back upright in a salute.
The other one followed his companion. “It’s an honor to meet a famed lance!”

“Just open the gates,” Albanth sighed, shaking his head.
The two scrambled to unclasp the metal hinges, and we continued our descent. By the next floor, I found myself sweating and my eyes stinging slightly. “Is there a fire somewhere?”
“In a way, yes,” the sweating captain said, tugging at the neckline of his gorget to cool himself off. “We’re arriving at the level that contains our main forge.”
Another flight of stairs and I was able to see the full glory of the forge. Smoke was ventilated through the narrow slits near the ceiling, but the floor was still covered in a dense dark cloud.<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>A thick layer of heat constantly radiated from the multiple forges spaced out evenly amongst teams of blacksmiths. Tools hung in racks as dozens of brawny men hammered down on their anvils.
A few dwarven metal mages I spotted actually molded ingots like they were made of putty. Apprentices ran around busily, some holding buckets of water while others carried crates of finished weapons to deliver to other floors, while workers continued to maintain the back wall that protected them from the enemies on the other side.
“Please bear with the heat for just a bit longer,” Albanth chimed in. “We’re almost there, General!”
The further we traveled down the more people there actually were. Aside from the soldiers and different types of workers were a fair amount of merchants and rogue adventurers present as well.
“There’s an entirely separate economy here,” I mused.
“Absolutely, Albanth agreed, wiping his sweat away with his gloves. “Because there is no law mandating service for the war, we’ve set out rewards for adventurers who clock in time out on the field or on the upper levels. It’s easy money for them, and we get an almost never-ending supply of able-bodied mages and fighters. The only drawback is that there are sometimes quarrels between the soldiers and the adventurers, but it’s fairly rare since any problems get the adventurers banned from taking jobs here.”
“And the merchants are here because of the adventurers?” I guessed surveying the lines of stalls and tents set up on the ground floor.
“Yes sir. They’re restricted from the main route where our soldier’s supplies come in from, and they’re also taxed quite heavily for doing business here, but they still come in droves,”<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>Albanth chuckled. “A rather brilliant idea by the senior captain, if I do say so myself. Because of that, most of the adventurers that take on jobs here are actually paid for by the money that the merchants pay to do business here for the adventurers!”
“Brilliant,” I echoed, nodding to the guards that bowed deeply upon recognition. It was a resourceful idea that spoke volumes about the senior captain in charge of this entire city-like structure.
Albanth led the way, parting the crowds on the ground floor for me. “I’m sure flying down would’ve been much faster, but I hope this little tour helped you become familiar with the Wall.”
“I appreciate it, Captain Albanth.”
The captain smiled, his crow’s feet deepening.
We walked for several more minutes until we reached a more quiet area. An unusually large canvas pavilion stood out against the mountainside, several mages standing guard. Albanth gestured toward the lavish white tent. “This is the room that the captains and heads use to hold meetings. You came at a good time since there’s a meeting going on right now. I was actually about to head down just before you arrived.”
“I’m glad everything worked out,” I replied.
“Funny how things work that way,” he chuckled, flashing his badge once again at the guards. “Senior Captain Trodius, along with the other captains and several heads are inside.”
Trodius? I thought, vaguely recognizing the name from somewhere.
The guards opened to flap, and I walked inside behind Albanth. Inside was a large round table with a detailed map of what looked like the Beast Glades. On the map were several wooden figures shaped differently to indicate various positions of the dungeons and troops.
There were seven people seated around the table, all in battered armor and disheveled robes and currently in discussion.
At the far end of the circular table sat a man that I could only describe as the perfect image of a traditional gentleman. Handsome, with shiny black hair meticulously cropped, dressed in a flawless military-style suit that looked like it had been made just this morning. His eyes were sharp and deep-set his irises glowing with a slight tint of red.
The man stopped mid-sentence upon noticing our arrival and stood up. He dipped his head after looking directly at me. “General Arthur Leywin.”
The rest stood up and bowed as well upon hearing my title. Captain Albanth saluted at the man who had just greeted me. “My apologies for being late.”
“Given the nature of the task, it’s of no consequence,” the man said, showing no emotion. “Please, have a seat and allow me to introduce myself. I am Trodius Flamesworth, senior captain in charge of the Wall.”





Chapter 199
Chapter 199: Return
“Currently, there are five units in this region and another three further east approximately in this vicinity based on their last transmissions,” the captain of the Trailblazer Division reported, pointing to the relative markings with an outstretched finger.
Jesmiya Cruwer—her name given to me via a brief introduction—was the captain of Tessia’s unit. She was a beautiful woman... in a terrifying sort of way. With long blonde hair that draped over her shoulders in waves and a figure that her tight-fitting armor only accentuated, I could only imagine how many men have tried to court her once they worked up the nerves to do so. The captain always had one hand resting on the pommel of her saber, as if always ready to strike, and her surly expression never seemed to soften.
I had imagined that the captain leading its division into the dangerous wilds of the Beast Glades would be tough, but Captain Jesmiya looked as though she could frighten away mana beasts with just a sharp gaze in their direction.
Trodius shifted his gaze from the map to a sheet of paper he was holding. “Captain Jesmiya. The log sheets for clearing the dungeons; how accurate is this timeline?”
The captain of the Trailblazer Division straightened her back before speaking. “Fairly accurate. Even taking into account the number of Alacryan mages surrounding the teleportation gate and how much the corruption process has taken over the dungeon levels, my unit has never taken longer than a week.”
“A week is too long,” the senior captain stated coldly. “The number of corrupted beasts attacking the Wall has yet to decline. Have your units on a strict deadline of four days for each dungeon.”
“But sir!” Captain Jesmiya bolted up from her seat. “Rushing the expeditions to that degree will only cause more casualties. Some of these dungeons have never been cleared before, and extreme caution has to be taken, or an entire unit can get wiped out!”
“That’s an order, Captain Jesimya Cruwer. “The Wall is the last form of defense on the eastern border of Sapin. If a soldier from your unit dies out in the Beast Glades, that soldier’s family isn’t in danger. However, if the number of beasts becomes more than this fort can handle, those monsters and the Alacryan mages controlling them will have free reign on the civilians of the towns nearby.”
Captain Jesimya’s expression as she returned to her seat was even more sour than it had been before. The brawny Captain Albanth, on the other hand, had all of the intensity of a bear cub sitting across uncomfortably from the blonde-haired bundle of seething fire.
Despite his warrior-like build, most of the captain’s division comprised of workers and blacksmiths responsible for maintaining and further constructing the Wall. He himself had been a retired A class adventurer that opened up his own forge in Blackbend City.
With the continued success of the Wall under his direct guidance, Albanth had been recently promoted from his position as a unit head.

However, with a relatively new captain mostly overseeing the development and maintenance of the Wall and with Captain Jesmiya hardly staying in one place since most of her troops are constantly in different parts of the Beast Glades, Trodius Flamesworth had been assigned to this area as the senior captain that both Jesmiya and Albanth directly reported to.
I continued listening silently as the two captains continued their reports to Trodius as the few heads present in the meeting occasionally chimed in to give more detailed accounts when asked.
Trodius looked up from his notes. “And what is the progress on the new routes for our Trailblazer Division?”
“We’ve just finished securing the fourth tunnel. It’s the longest one yet, and the entrance is hidden in a small crevice along a riverbank. A team of earth mages is still reinforcing the tunnel, but it should be accessible to units within the week,” Albanth explained, drawing a line with his fingers that indicated the rough layout of the tunnel.
“Pull back a fourth of the workers and have them work nights instead,” Trodius stated. “ We were forced to flood another route just last week because its location had been compromised by the Alacryans. Securing more underground routes is priority.”
The senior captain then turned back to Captain Jesmiya. “Are there new updates on finding any transportation gates?”
The captain shook her head. “I have only a single unit working on locating it. I’ll need more time.”
“Teleportation gate?” I asked, my interest piqued.
“Yes,” Trodius answered, his red eyes shifting to me. “With the constant attacks on the wall, the best way for our soldiers to access the Beast Glades are through our underground channels. However, with the new mode of transportation that is being built to connect the Wall to Blackbend City—a ‘train’ is what I believe they’re calling it—we would have far better access to the city’s teleportation gate. If we are able to locate and connect that gate to any gates in the Beast Glades, then troops wouldn’t have to waste<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>hours marching through underground tunnels.”
My eyes focused on the map. “How are you certain that there are even teleportation gates in the Beast Glades?”
“We’re not,” he replied matter-of-factly. “Which is why I’ve limited the resources into finding it. Many of the ancient texts we have on the gates point to some being hidden within the Beast Glades but whether it’s true or not remains a mystery.”
The teleportation gates were an interesting subject for me. Along with the floating castle and Xyrus City, the gates were another relic left behind by the mages of the old. It was always fascinating for me to read how these ancient mages used magic to do things that even the strongest mages of the present couldn’t even fathom replicating.
The stone arches engraved with indecipherable runes looked so simple, yet entire cities were built around them and relied on them as modes of transportation. Presently, artificers have only unlocked how to connect teleportation gates to each other and change their destinations. As for actually building on themselves, it was a distant dream.
“What sort of method is the unit using to track down the gates?” I asked. “Assuming that you do not just have them blindly wander around.”

A faint smile cracked open on the lips of Trodius Flamesworth. “I prefer not to waste even the smallest of resources on ventures like that. The gates constantly emit a faint fluctuation of mana particles. Normally, this wouldn’t be detectable to even the best trackers, but these fluctuations occur throughout the whole spectrum of elements.”
“Interesting,” I accidentally said aloud. I thought back to my time trying to track mana fluctuations in Darv. It was hard, but that was because I had blindly searched for any deviations in the ambient mana through Realmheart. If it’s to find fluctuations of all the elements, then finding it would just be a matter of flying over... all of the Beast Glades.
Nevermind, I thought. A waste of time considering there might not even be any gates.

My thoughts were interrupted by Trodius, who began stacking away his notes. He spent a good few minutes meticulously organizing and perfectly setting his piles of papers before meeting my gaze. “My apologies for having you sit through this meeting.”
The senior captain of the Flamesworth family stood up, motioning for the rest of the people present to leave before I stopped him.
“It’ll be better for them to hear this as well,” I stated, still in my seat.
It didn’t take too long to explain what I learned from interrogating the Alacryan. That, and with the scene from Uto’s memories filling in some of the gaps, I was able to give an in-depth analysis that had even Captain Jesmiya furiously scribbling on a piece of paper.
“Intriguing,” Trodius mused. “General. You say that the Alacryan mages have a very limited, specialized form of magic manipulation, but what is stopping a ‘striker’—for example—from blasting out his mana into a ranged strike?”
“It’s as the senior captain says. I can’t exactly give this information to my troops, only to have them injured or killed because a striker launched a ranged spell or a shield was able to conjure a mana blade,” Jesmiya added.
“I won’t tell you to be entirely confident in this information. Better yet, don’t tell your troops or only inform the heads and have them observe. Our enemies use magic very differently from us, but that doesn’t always mean it’s better. Study and exploit the flaws,” I stated. “The Council will be expecting reports based on the information that I’m giving you now.”
The Council wasn’t actually aware of this information yet, but they will soon, and they’re undoubtedly going to want reports back.
I told the ones present in the meeting the rest of what I knew about the marks, crests, emblems, and regalias.
“More captains will be given this information and be expected to contribute reports on what you find out in the battlefield.” I stood up. “That’ll be all.”

I took my leave, not wanting to stay inside any longer than necessary. Throughout the entire meeting, I paid careful attention to Trodius Flamesworth.
Growing up with his daughter helping my family and me so much, I couldn’t help but resent the Flamesworth family after hearing first hand from Jasmine how she was discarded by her family.
My animosity had narrowed down to only Trodius Flamesworth after getting to know Hester and hearing about the relationship between Jasmine and her father from her, but after meeting the man today, all I felt was a weary callousness.
After my initial surprise in running into the head of the Flamesworth family, I had tried to stir up as much animosity for the man as I could. But I had come here as a lance, not as Jasmine’s friend. He may be a piss poor father, and he may be cold-hearted to a certain degree, but his leadership was solid.
Not long after I had left the tent, my surroundings had become loud and busy. The ground wasn’t paved so a layer of sand and dust constantly dwindled in the air from the myriad of footsteps. Workers, caked in dirt and grime, mingled with merchants and adventurers, some still holding their shovel or pickaxe after being recently relieved from their shift. Tents and carts of various vendors that have traveled a long way shouted out their products while entertainers performed in the intersections on platforms with either an instrument case or an upturned hat in front of them to collect tip.
A drone of chatter between buyers and sellers blended into the clamor that came from the Wall. The whole fort felt almost autonomous; every person here had come for a reason and their steps and actions portrayed that.
More than once was I called over to a stall by a merchant so that they could sell me something.
“Oy! Lad! Your shoes look mighty thin for someone in these parts,” a burly man in a leather apron called out. “Might I interest you in a pair of fine leather boots for your poor feet?”
The man waved his arm at the array of leather footwear displayed in wooden racks. Feigning interest, I leaned forward and touched a few of the boots that looked my size.
“The section you’re looking at all have a layer of compressed wool inside. I swear you’ll feel like you’re walking on a cloud,” he said excitedly.
Curious, I slipped out of my thin turnshoes and edged my feet into a pair of the merchant’s boots.
I hopped a few times before taking them back off. Placing them back on the rack, I gave the merchant a grin. “I’ve walked on a cloud before and this wasn’t quite the same. Nice shoes though.”
It was fun walking through the busy streets of the fortress. Dressed in nothing but a loose robe with minimal decorations and no weapon, most regarded me as a merchant’s son.
Biting into a skewer of charbroiled meat that had the texture of chicken thigh, I stopped by every stall that caught my interest. There were merchants carrying more mundane items like cloth, furs, spices, and alcohol—which was unsurprisingly popular with how many overworked soldiers and workers there were—while some, more interesting, vendors carrying enchanted armors and weapons. A merchant tried very hard to get me to buy an enchanted handle that shot out a blast of fire and smoke from a small nozzle, mainly used for self-defense by weak nobles until I conjured a sphere of fire from my finger close enough to singe is front hair and gave the man a wink.
As the sun began to set, I thought of maybe spending a night at an inn that catered towards the visitors of the Wall when a deep horn sounded from a distance.
Turning my gaze, I saw a large metal gate about twenty feet high where the horn had come from.
I wonder what’s happening? I thought just before another horn blew.
Following behind a group of uniformed workers as they marched toward the gate, I saw it sliding open with a groan.
A crowd had already formed around the gate as carriages pulled by mana beasts began filing in with mages and warriors walking beside them with weapons unsheathed. Their exhaustion was evident in their posture and expression as the workers took over and started slowly taking crates out of the carriages. I stepped forward to get a better look when out of the corner of my eyes I saw my father.





Chapter 200
Chapter 200: Responsibilities
I knew it was possible to see them when I got here; I even anticipated it to a certain degree. But when I saw my father help my mother out of the carriage, I stopped in my tracks.
For some reason, my feet remained anchored to the ground as I watched more familiar faces appear beside them. Jasmine, Helen, Durden, and Angela, came into view one by one. The whole team still looked the same—only, they were missing Adam.
My parents and the Twin Horns all wore the same exhausted and grim expressions that matched their ragged appearance as they trudged through the gates alongside their carriage.
“Close the gates!” a soldier roared, prompting the towering gates to close behind the last carriage.
More and more uniformed workers started filing toward the carriages. Some unmounted the beasts pulling the carriages and led them away to be fed while others lined up and began passing the boxed supplies in a line to be sorted.
A soldier carrying a notebook began talking to the driver of the carriage that had come in first. Imbuing mana into my ears, it was easy to hear their conversation even amidst the clamor of the people gathered.
“There are two less carriages than what was reported to have left from Blackbend,” the soldier said gruffly.
“We ran into a small team of Alacryan mages near the middle of the route just a mile north of the southern border,” the driver said, taking off his helmet that was covered in dents and scrapes. “Lost two of my carriages to those bastards.”
The guard looked behind the wiry man he had been speaking to, studying the carriages and then let out a sharp breath. “After the carriages are unloaded and your men accounted for, come to the main tent. You’ll need to do a full debrief.”
The driver didn’t wait, already beginning to shed his layers of battered armor, dropping it on the ground, before walking back to his carriage.
The fact that the head of this expedition spoke of being attacked as if it was a common occurrence sent a sharp pain through my chest.
Without another thought, I plowed my way through the crowd, knocking aside men twice my height and weight with ease before stopping just in front of my parents. I was scared for a split second as my eyes locked into theirs. We had reconciled but my relationship with them was no longer as innocent as it once was.
My mother’s mouth opened in surprise, and she looked like she was about to say something, but her weathered melted into face a soft smile.
“Arthur!” my father called out, dropping the sack he had slung over his shoulder.
I smiled back. “Hi, Mom. Hey, Dad.”
My father wrapped his thick arms around me, lifting me off my feet. My mother patiently waited for my father to release his embrace before she pulled me in for a hug.
“It’s good to see you doing well,” she whispered, her face against my chest.
She was covered in a layer of dust from travels and she probably hadn’t had a proper bath in a while but she still gave off a familiar scent that smelled like... home.
The Twin Horns came in next, unable to wait any longer. Durden took off his dirty cloak before giving me a hug. Helen and Angela squeezed me tightly, saying how much I had grown like aunts said to their nieces and nephews every time they visited.
“You got bigger,” Jasmine muttered with a half-smile as she tousled my hair. Seeing as she was shorter than me and she had to go on her toes to reach my head made her actions seem a bit more amusing.
“Are you sure you didn’t just get smaller?” I teased, pulling my old teacher and friend into a hug.

After letting go of Jasmine, my body turned, expecting one more hug; a hug that never came. That’s when it actually hit me. That Adam was really gone. The rude, harsh, and often selfish spear-wielder of the Twin Horns would never shoot me that snide smile of his ever again.
Gritting my teeth, I mustered another smile and we walked together to the nearest inn.
The large decrepit house that had the audacity to put a sign that advertised it was the most popular inn for miles stood just a few blocks away. Because the inn served as a restaurant and bar as well, it was packed with workers and soldiers replenishing themselves and getting away from the biting cold that was getting worse as it got darker.
“I-It’s a l-l-lance in the flesh! Here at my inn! O-Oh my.” The owner of the inn that happened to be working at the front desk with a young girl that obviously looked uncomfortable squirmed like a puppy as he tried to shake my hand, get our forms signed and call a waiter for a table all at the same time.
“I’m just looking for a quiet dinner and a room for my family and friends after,” I said with a smile.
“Of course, General Arthur! Jives, clear the patio seats upstairs! Hurry!” the old man barked out.
“Looks like there are some benefits in knowing you after all,” Helen chimed, nudging me with an elbow.
Durden looked back at the crowd waiting for a seat. “Mmm. We probably would’ve had to wait for a while otherwise.”
We were led to a flight of spiraling stairs to a balcony that faced away from the Wall. There was nothing but flat plains out in the distance, but it was still a beautiful view. There was a fire crackling in a metal furnace just beside our table for warmth and already a plate of warm bread and some broth for us to start our meal with.
“How have you been, Arthur?” my mother asked after we settled around the table.
“I’ve been good,” I lied. It wasn’t as simple as that. So many things had happened in the span that we hadn’t seen each other, but looking at my mother and father, I didn’t want to give them anything more to worry about.
My mother aged significantly since the last time we met. Compared to the comfortable life she had in Xyrus, being out in the road with the possible threat of death looming around every corner meant beauty and self-management wasn’t exactly considered a priority.
My father still cropped his hair short, but now also sported a full-on beard now that covered most of his face below his nose. There were dark bags under his eyes, but my father still had a lively expression.
“I can’t even feel your core anymore, Arthur,” my father added. “How strong have you gotten?”
“I hit white core not too long ago,” I smiled.
Helen let out a whistle as Jasmine nodded in approval.
My father gave shot me a smirk. “My boy.”
As the food came and the more we talked, the more comfortable everyone became. My mother began smiling more, even reprimanding my father when he made a crude joke—just like old times.
It turned out that my parents still kept in touch with Ellie. It wasn’t as often as they wanted it to be, but every trip to the wall and back to Blackbend City, they’d go out of their way to send a transmission to the Castle.
“Really?” I replied, taking a bite out of a piece of grilled fish. “Ellie never told me about that.”
“Your sister is in her rebellious stage,” my father sighed, shoving a broth-soaked bread in his mouth.
“She just replies with ‘I’m okay.’ or ‘I’m alive’ most of the time,” my mother added, worry laced in her voice. “She’s okay, right? She’s eating well? She’s making friends?”
I set down my fork. “If you’re so concerned, why don’t you go visit the Castle? I’m sure that’s what Ellie wants.”
“Security into the Castle has tightened recently. Only heads and above have access to the teleportation gates to there, and even they can only go on official business,” Helen explained, wiping her mouth with a cloth.

“I can take you myself. Sylvie’s not with me, but we can go to Blackbend and get the clearance to make the jump to the Castle,” I replied, hopeful.
My parents looked at each other for a moment before looking back at me. My mother spoke in a reassuring tone. “A new mode of transportation is going to be built underground. Once that’s made, we’ll be able to visit you and Ellie much more often.”
“That’s good and all, but I’ve heard reports that the journey here from Blackbend is getting more and more dangerous. Ellie worries about you guys. I worry about you guys!”

My mother nodded. “I know, and I don’t blame you guys if you think of us as bad parents for doing this, but we have our duties here. People, that need our help.”
“It’s not only your burden. There are other soldiers that can take your place.” My voice came out sharper than I had intended.
There was a moment of silence surrounding the table when Angela suddenly sprang up. “Oh dear. Helen, we never took our belongings out of the carriage!”
A look of confusion flashed across the leader’s face before she realized what Angela was doing. “Y-Yeah. Let’s get it before it gets stolen. Come on, guys.”
The two of them dragged Durden and Jasmine away with them. Angela looked back and gave me a meaningful glance before disappearing.
Whether the conjurer wanted to avoid the tension set in this table or just give our family some privacy, I didn’t know.
My mother cut in, her voice serious. “Arthur. Our responsibilities here may not be on the scale of what you do as a lance, but your father and I believe what we’re doing is for the sake of winning this war faster.”
“You’re putting yourselves in danger,” I sighed.
“Everyone is in danger during war. You as well, Arthur,” my mother replied unrelentingly.
My blood boiled and I had to concentrate on restraining my mana. “Yes, but I can handle it.”
My father slapped down his utensils on the table, drawing my gaze. “Do you realize how hypocritical you’re being? So you’re saying it’s fine for you to put yourself in danger, as long as Ellie, Alice and I are locked away someplace safe? Abandoning our responsibilities to our kingdom?”
“I’m fighting this war to protect all of you, but I can’t be next to you guys all the time. What if something were to happen to you or Dad, while I’m on a mission? Even Ellie... she’s been so engrossed in training because she wants to join you guys! What if she dies too, like Adam!”
“Enough, Arthur!” My father snapped. He got up from his seat and stared at me fiercely. “Keeping my family safe is my priority, but I also want my family to live happily. That’s why we’re doing this. Dicathen may not have been your only home, Arthur, but it’s the only home that we know and if it means dying so that Ellie can live with a better future, then so be it.”
My father stormed off and my mother followed. She looked back at me solemnly but didn’t say anything as I sat alone in silence.
Getting up from my seat, I reached into my robe and pulled out several gold coins. I left the coins on the table and flew off the balcony.
My mind muddled with emotions, I flew up high enough to look down on the Wall and took a seat on the edge of the mountain adjacent to the fortress. I let the sharp winds bite into my skin, enduring the slight pain as punishment for my earlier words.
I did all I can to avoid rethinking of my conversation earlier at the inn. I wanted to shoot down a few corrupted beasts but unfortunately the night was quiet. I started counting the torches along the Wall and the number of archers and mages stationed. I even saw a pair of soldiers behind a wooden pillbox spending their night a bit more ‘passionately’, not expecting anyone to be looking down on the highest floor of the Wall from above.
After I ran out of things to count, I extended my vision as much as I could, trying to sense any mana beasts headed toward the Wall through the thick of night. I didn’t sense any mana beasts, but I did sense someone approaching me from below.
“There... you... are.” a voice sounded from below a few minutes later. A hand shot up into view, grabbing hold of the ledge that I was sitting on.

I pulled Jasmine up by her arm. The adventurer leaned back against the mountain cliff and caught her breath before speaking again. “You should have some respect for... those who can’t fly.”
I knew Jasmine was trying her best to be lighthearted. I smiled. “Sorry about that. How did find me, anyway?”
Jasmine puffed proudly, which sounded more like a wheeze since she was still recuperating. “Don’t underestimate your mentor.”
I managed a chuckle. “I never have.”
The two of us sat in silence for a while, watching as the night got darker.
“How long have you been at the Wall for?” she asked, shivering.
I wrapped us in a layer of fire-imbued mana to keep both of us warm before answering. “Just a few hours before you guys came.”
“Thank you,” she muttered, her gaze distant. “Did you get the chance to meet my father?”
“I walked in on their meeting,” I answered. “Have you?”
Jasmine shook her head. “Not once despite the many trips back and forth here. Looks like we both have family problems now.”
“Seems like it.”
Another moment of silence passed before the adventurer spoke again.
“I won’t pry into what happened at the inn. Just know that your parents do care about you and Ellie. Whenever your father meets anyone new, he always tells them about how his son is a lance.”
“I know that they care,” I sighed.
“Rey... and especially Alice. They both feel a lot of guilt. No matter how much we told them otherwise, the fact that they weren’t there to help us when Adam died made them feel like it was their fault.”
Jasmine continued speaking when I didn’t reply. “You know what happened with your mother before she had you. She was traumatized after what had happened to Lensa, and for a while, she could hardly use her magic for anything more than a scrape or bruise.”
“I know,” I huffed. “Which is why I thought they would stay at the Castle until the war was over, not throw themselves to dangerous lands.”
Jasmine put a hand on my arm. “I’m not sure if this makes sense, but I think what they’re doing now to contribute to this war is as much for themselves as it is for you and Ellie. They’re trying to overcome their past mistakes and fears so that they can become better parents for the both of you.”
“I know I was being selfish too,” I admitted. “But I think all three of us need some time.”
“Just don’t let your relationship with your parents become like me and my family,” she said tersely. “I’m sure there was time when we could’ve reconciled, but I chose to keep running and my father’s pride kept him from reaching out.”
I turned to Jasmine, who was sitting down, hugging her knees. She didn’t look like she had aged a single day since when I had first met her except her eyes, that shone with more deeply with a sense of maturity. “Thanks, Jasmine.”
“You better be. My jaw is sore for speaking so much.”
Despite her complaints, we kept talking. I talked to her about some of my missions and she told me some of hers. Her greatest surprise was when I told her that Sylvie had a human form now, but I wasn’t entirely sure that she really believed me. Either way, we enjoyed each other’s company well through the night up until the sun came peeking back up.
“I should get back now,” Jasmine said, getting up to her feet.
“Do you need a lift down?”
She shook her head. “It’s okay. Going down is the easy part and you look like you need some more time alone.”
“Thank you,” I smiled. “For everything.”
“Of course,” she replied, patting my head.
I watched her hop down the side of the mountain, a gale of wind surrounding her and softening her landings until she was gone.





Chapter 201
Chapter 201: Allocation
The Castle appeared overhead within a sky of solid gray. Rain had yet to form within the thick clouds, but I could feel the moisture on my skin and clothes and the dense water mana around me as I neared the flying structure’s base.
The soldiers on flying mounts guarding the floating fortress gathered around me.
“General Arthur!” they saluted in unison before making a path in the sky leading to the landing dock.
I mustered a terse nod at the squad before landing, taking one last look back in the direction of the Wall as the gates rolled shut.
The workers that were in charge of keeping the dock and all of the artifacts in place to keep it functioning and properly warded in defense stopped what they were doing and immediately scrambled around me in salute.
“Proceed with what you were doing,” I stated, motioning them away. I continued walking, my clothes and hair dripping with water from the clouds until I spotted two familiar girls that appeared close in age. A smile tugged at my lips a the sight of them.
Ellie stood tall with chestnut eyes glowing with confidence. Her ash brown hair that flowed just past her shoulders was a sore reminder of our father, who I had just met and argued fiercely with.
Standing next to my sister was a girl more unique. She looked a bit younger than Ellie, but her glimmering yellow eyes radiated a sense of maturity. A curtain of pale wheat hair draped over her slender figure which was shrouded in a black dress shining like fine obsidian. Matching her attire were two jagged horns that jutted out from the side of her small head. What made her unique wasn’t the fact that she had horns, but the fact that she was actually an asura, a dragon, and—most importantly—my bond.
My sister waved before trotting happily toward me with Sylvie in tow. My bond took hesitant steps, but her movements had become much more fluid in the few days since we’ve been apart.
“Welcome back,” my sister greeted. “Seeing as how your entire body is drenched, let’s just pretend like we hugged.”
“I’m not one for pretending,” I said deviously before pulling my sister into my arms.
“Gah! I just bathed!” she protested, struggling from my grasp.
After soaking my sister to a satisfying degree, I let her go and turned to my bond. I tousled her light hair, which felt almost sharp to the touch. “I see that my fearsome dragon is growing up to be a healthy young girl.”
Despite my light-hearted jokes, Sylvie’s large eyes only narrowed as she regarded me with concern.
We’ll talk about it later, I sent to her, cursing the inconvenience of our telepathic link at times.
My bond let out a sigh and patted my arm. “Welcome back.”
“It’s good to be back,” I said to both of them.
“So how was your mission? I want to hear all about it,” my sister asked, her eyes sparkling with excitement.
As Ellie improved her skills in magic and archery, I could tell she was yearning more and more to be out on the field to prove herself.
“I’ll tell you all about it later,” I promised. “But first, I need to report to the Council.”
After conjuring a simple wave of heat to dry myself off, the three of us left the crowded room that had become uncomfortably silent due to my presence.

As soon as we stepped out, I could almost feel the workers relaxing as they began picking up where they left off.
“I broke into light red stage while you were gone,” my sister declared proudly. “That, and because of my daily training regimen with Boo, probably makes me a pretty competent conjurer for my age. Even Commander Virion complimented me on my skills, saying that I might even be able to skip the mandatory training for the soldiers.”
Every time my sister brought up her enthusiasm in joining the ranks of the army, I felt immediately inclined to intercept her. This time, though, I gave her a friendly smile and nodded—the most supportive response I could give.
Meanwhile, my bond walked silently beside me, her concentration still on the action of walking bipedally. I could feel mana practically bursting out of her small body as she used magic as a crutch until she has full control over her body.
Still, Sylvie’s acclimation to her human form had vastly improved since the last time I had seen her, which was just a few days before. I could tell she was doing her best so that she could join me on missions as soon as possible.
“You know, Princess Kathyln has been really helpful too. She’s been sparring with me and helping me out with some intricacies of mana manipulation,” my sister chattered on, skipping ahead and walking backward to face me as she talked.
“Oh, really? You know I could always help out with teaching magic when I’m free,” I replied. “I was an official professor at Xyrus Academy after all.”
“For like... a semester,” my sister reported with a smirk.
I waved her snide comment away. “A professor is a professor.”
“Thanks for the offer, but I feel like learning from you will just discourage me more,” she chuckled.
“What?” I blurted, surprised. “Why would you be discouraged?”
“I know we’re five years apart, but we still share the same blood,” she answered, turning around, so her back was to me as she walked properly. “Seeing as how you’re already a white core mage on top of being a quadra elemental, I’ll probably just start comparing myself to you every time you teach me magic.”
My sister’s chirpy attitude dampened and I found myself staring at Sylvie in hopes that she had a way to solve the mess that I just created.
My bond raised a brow at me before walking up to match pace with my sister.
Sylvie patted Ellie on the shoulder. “It’s okay. Your brother’s talent is considered an anomaly even amongst asuras. Don’t compare yourself to a freak like him.”
I scratched my cheek. “Freak is a bit much, isn’t it?”
My sister looked back over her shoulder with a smirk. “No no, I think ‘freak’ describes you perfectly in this regard.”
***
We reached the meeting room after parting temporarily with my sister. I wanted some time to talk more with my bond—about the changes in her body now that the seal had been broken—but some obligations that had to be fulfilled.
I locked gazes with the two guards standing on either side of the entrance and they, in response, clicked their heels together and saluted at our arrival before letting us in.
Sitting directly in view of the entrance was Virion, who turned eagerly in our direction. His face lit up as he got up from his seat. “Arthur, you’ve finally arrived!”
“Commander,” I greeted, keeping formalities in public. Sylvie opted for a slight dip of her head.
“Sit,” he motioned, looking off to the side with a grin on his weathered face.
I turned to see what he was looking at to see the rest of the Council and one familiar face that I hadn’t expected to see.

Twiddling his beard—looking bored out of his mind—was Buhndemog Lonuid, my former dwarven magic teacher.
“Ho. If it isn’t the young lance,” he greeted monotonically.
“I see the meetings have been taking a toll on you,” I replied with a grin that mirrored Virion’s.

“Never has my ass been so sore since the days I got whipped by my mother as a child,” he groaned, stretching his stout body.
I let out a laugh and turned my attention to the rest of the Council.
“Ki—Councilmen” I greeted with a respectful nod. “Councilwomen.”
“General Arthur,” Priscilla Glayder replied. “You’ve come at a good time.”
“Yes,” Blaine agreed. “We were still going over your report.”
“Arthur!” Alduin Eralith exclaimed, his expression brightened. “Take a seat, you two.”
“Welcome back,” Merial Eralith chimed in with a warm smile, a sense of gratefulness in her voice.
“Thank you,” I replied. I walked passed the former king and queen of Elenoir, taking a seat with Sylvie next to Buhnd.
Virion sat back down and rolled the transmission scroll in front of him. “Seeing as the rest of the lances are out on missions, we’ll proceed with the meeting, but before we say anything, I’d like General Arthur to give a full debrief on what happened at borders of the Elshire forest.
After taking a sip from the glass of water in front of my seat, I explained all that had happened, leaving nothing out from the interrogation of the Alacryan mage. It took the better part of an hour to get the rest of the Council, and my bond, up to date on what had happened.
“It seems we’ve been underestimating the Alacryan mages’ level of abilities,” Virion replied thoughtfully.
“Underestimating?” Blaine furrowed his brows in confusion. “If anything, learning that those Alacryan bastards are so limited and specialized in their magic makes me think we’ve been overestimating them.”
“I’ll have to agree with Councilman Blaine on this one,” Alduin added. “I think this is a clear weakness to their fighting tactics.”
“I don’t think it’s as simple as that,” Buhnd argued, rubbing his beard in thought.
“If we look at it surface level, their specialization can be seen as a weakness,” Virion agreed. “But from what General Arthur found out, their method of awakening and training magic to their people seem a lot more advanced than Dicathen’s own way.”
“How so?” Merial asked curiously.
Buhnd spoke up again, a tinge of excitement on his face. “This is me just speculating at this point, but with the system of marks and crests and what not, the mages of Alacryan seem to be hyper-focused on a spell and its alterations and evolutions. That means, while mages of Dicathen focus on various spells of their attributed element, or elements“—he looked over toward me—“these Alacryan mages spend their lives honing a single spell and building off only that.”
“What Elder Buhnd says adds up to what I’ve seen on the field,” I added. “One of the ‘strikers’ that I had battled against, only used one spell, but from the cast time to the durability and potency of the magic in combat, I had mistaken him as a mage around the level of a yellow core. And the fact that these specialized mages work in small teams that negate their weaknesses, I’d say that only our veteran mages of light-yellow core and higher can actually exploit their ‘limitations’.”
“Duels are one thing; In the forefronts of war, versatile mages aren’t as useful as specialized soldiers that are damn-well good at one thing,” Buhnd concluded grimly.

“Looks like we’ll have to send this information to all the captains as well as the guilds and military academies so they can develop better ways to fight against these ‘specialized mages’,” Blaine grumbled in frustration.
“I stoppedd by the Wall and told the captains there,” I informed.
“Good. Now let’s discuss plans on how to best spread our forces,” Virion said heavily. “I had originally wanted to discuss with Lord Aldir about this, but seeing as him and the rest of the asuras have ceased contact with us, we’ll need to go forth on our own for now.”
The mention of Aldir and the asuras brought a sharp throb to my chest and I wanted to speak of what Agrona had told me right then and there, but I held my tongue.
This discussion won’t get far if I say it now, I thought.
‘You’ll need to tell everyone eventually,’ Sylvie sent back before she paused. ‘But maybe once the discussion is over.’
True to my expectations, even without dropping the bomb, ‘‘the gods are no longer with us’, the meeting had soon turned into a full-blown debate as the members of the Council argued with one another where to most heavily fortify with soldiers and mages. The main problem was that there was just too much ground to cover.
What Agrona and the Alacryans had done well—as much as I hated to admit—was keeping their goals nearly unreadable. From the battles so far, we knew that that the Alacryans were spending quite a bit of resources into getting through the Wall so that the corrupted beasts would have free reign over the eastern borders of Sapin.
The Alacryans have also been able to utilize some of the tunnels in the kingdom of Darv to transport their forces from the southern coast all the way near the borderline of Darv and Sapin. From what Buhnd had told us, there seemed to be a faction of radical dwarves so discontent with their positions and lives in Dicathen that they actually wanted the Alacryans to take over in order to reap the benefits. Buhnd made it clear that he and his loyalists were taking charge in eradicating this group as soon as possible.
As if it wasn’t enough, there were still Alacryan ships being sighted all along the western shores that forced coastal cities like Telmore, Etistin and Maybur to build defenses on not only the eastern side—in case the Wall doesn’t hold—but their western borders as well.
The Council had reasonably concluded that the brunt of the Alacryan attacks would be devoted to Sapin, but my last two missions proved otherwise. Towns as north as Ashber, which had the fastest access to the Grand Mountains and to Elenoir’s main cities within the Elshire Forest, had Alacryans hidden within them.
We had thought that their goal was to march south and join their allies coming in from the western shores, but with these last attacks directed toward elven territory coming from the Beast Glades, the Alacryan troops up north could actually have been aiming east toward Elenoir.
Alduin and Merial’s main concern was for their kingdom, while Blaine and Priscilla argued against sending troops into Elenoir and spreading even thinner the already lacking forces stationed all around Sapin.
And with Buhnd and much of the dwarven mages focused on their own civil dispute with the radicals trying to aid the Alacryans, the debate was getting nowhere.
Throughout the debate, I could tell Virion was trying to be the diplomat and remain neutral. He was silent throughout the entire meeting that took us well into the night, only weighing in his thoughts on specific scenarios that could happen.
“This is why I wanted to wait until Lord Aldir was here!” Blaine huffed in frustration. “He’ll know that it’s foolish to spread our forces even thinner than it already is.”
“Commander Virion, you mentioned that Elder Camus had gone back to Elenoir after my training with him was over,” I said, ignoring the former king of Sapin.
“Yes,” his latest transmission scroll had him in the northern city of Asyphin.
“Does he know about the attacks that had broken in the south?”
“He was made aware, of course,” he said, understanding where I was going. “Perhaps it’ll be in both his and our best interest if he helps survey the south for any suspicious movement.”
“The Elshire Forest spans hundreds of miles. No matter how powerful Elder Camus is, he’s just one man,” Merial rebutted.
“And General Aya,” Virion added, turning to Blaine and Priscilla. “With your two lances as well as General Mica being mostly in Sapin, It’s acceptable that I keep a lance in Elenoir, right? She can be pulled if absolutely necessary and we still have General Arthur.”
Blaine looked like he was about to say something, but Priscilla intervened. “That’s fine.”
“It’ll have to do as a temporary solution,” Alduin stressed after Virion turned his gaze toward him and his wife. “If attacks escalate toward Elenoir, we’ll need to send troops capable of navigating through the forest back to defend.”
“Don’t sugarcoat it. Just say you’ll take the elves back because defending Elenoir is more important than defending all of Dicathen,” Blaine shot back.
“Enough!” Virion snapped, shooting a deadly glare at both parties. “If that’s all, we’ll end the meeting he—”
“Actually,” I interrupted, gathering the gaze of everyone in the room. “We have one more topic on the agenda that I feel we should address as soon as possible.”
Virion raised a brow while everyone else looked at me with similar curious expressions. “Oh? And what is that?”
I looked at Sylvie one last time and she met my gaze with a resolute expression. Letting out a deep breath, I began, “It’s about the absence of Aldir and the asuras...”





Chapter 202
Chapter 202: Traitor’s Request
The meeting room had fallen eerily silent as I finished reporting what Agrona had told me—minus a few details. I withheld some information that I felt were unnecessary to say at this point and, to be frank, was uncomfortable with the Council knowing.
Making my conversation with Agrona seem more like a unilateral declaration from the Vritra leader for us to surrender allowed me to tell everyone present in the room about how the asuras had tried using our war to attack the Vritra in Alacrya... and had ultimately failed.
“Damn it!” Virion swore loudly, slamming his hands down at the table. The commander’s usually controlled expression was twisted into a scowl as the tips of his pointed ears were red. “Those conceited sons of... as if it wasn’t bad enough that they used us and this war for their own plans, they didn’t even succeed!”
Virion got up from his seat and began pacing, muttering curses under his breath until he finally looked back at me. “Arthur. What else did Agrona say in his message?”
“Just that Epheotus’ attack on Alacrya failed. Agrona leveraged the failed attempt to further push the Asuras from taking part in this war by cutting off all communication between us and Epheotus,” I answered.
Virion gnashed his teeth but remained silent.
“At least that explains why we haven’t seen more scythes and retainers yet, besides the ones we’ve already gone up against,” Buhnd chimed in. The dwarven elder was the least shaken by my news since he had never actually met the asuras in the first place. “Agrona must’ve kept his powerhouses in Alacrya along with the actual members of his Vritra clan in case something like this happened.”
“That makes sense,” Merial replied, her brows furrowed in thought. “But that leads us to the next question. Are we to expect the rest of Agrona’s scythes and their retainers to come to Dicathen now that the asuras of Epheotus had attacked them and failed?”
The atmosphere in the room grew heavy, as if a weighted blanket fell down all of us.
“I’m sure this battle between Epheotus and Alacrya wasn’t as one-sided as Agrona led Arthur—and all of us—to believe,” Alduin responded.
“That’s right. I’ve experienced Lord Aldir’s power firsthand! No way Alacrya got out of a full-blown assault by the asuras of Epheotus without experiencing some casualties themselves. Hell, their home might be in shambles right now!” Blaine added, speaking as if he was trying to convince himself rather than those in the room.
“That’s all sunshine and peaches, but from my experience, nothing good happens from expecting the best in situations like this,” Buhnd added grimly.
“He’s right,” I agreed. “We should make several contingencies assuming that retainers and scythes are headed this way now.”
“The gates that the Alacryans had laid down in the dungeons of the Beast Glades,” Merial suddenly exclaimed. “What if the retainers and scythes are already here?”
“According to Captain Trodius’ reports, there hasn’t been a teleportation gate sighting within months after the last one was destroyed,” Priscilla answered. “From what I gathered, the constructs were of poor design that failed after a few Alacryan troops made it through and there was even a report where a soldier witnessed only half of an Alacryan mage coming out through the portal before it broke. That mage died within seconds. Right now, the Trailblazer division is mainly wiping out corrupted beasts and their controllers before they’re able to make it up to the surface. ”
“That adds up to what I’ve seen,” I muttered, recalling how even the scythe that had saved me from Uto had arrived via teleportation gates through the Kingdom of Darv before traveling by land through Sapin.
“We’ll just have to hope that’s true,” Virion let out a sigh, still pacing.
“Then are we to expect them to arrive from the western coast by ship?” Blaine asked, his face pale. “If that’s the case, no amount of wall building is going to hold up against an assault from them.”
As the Council continued batting ideas and assumptions at each other, my mind shifted to my previous life during the rare occasions where disputes between countries had actually escalated into wars rather than Paragon Duels. I thought of Lady Vera and her strict teachings of leading wars, despite them being so rare, as we went through endless rounds of strategic board games when a loud clap drew my attention away from my thoughts.

“While we have a lot to think about, I suggest we take time to rest. Some of us have been here for over a day, and it does no good to have sluggish minds,” Virion said in a defeated tone. “We’ll meet back here at sunrise.”
I looked out the window to see that night had fallen and began calculating just how much time I had to finally rest.
Not enough, I thought, walking out of the room behind Buhnd.
The dwarven elder let out a groan as he stretched his back, muttering, “I wonder if it’s not too late to just throw myself out into the field and fight alongside the soldiers.”
Sylvie and I made it back to our room in silence, the few communications done through mental transmission.
After shedding out of everything but my inner shirt and trouser, I sank down into the couch. My vision had been glazed, hardly focusing on anything until the sight of Sylvie changing her clothes caught my eye.
The simple black dress she was wearing swirled around her as if alive. Her sleeves receded while her dress elongated, reaching past her knees until her attire had turned into a nightgown.
“How’d you do that?” I asked sheepishly, more curious than impressed.
“I can mold my scales into clothes in this form,” she said quietly, fashioning the bottom half of her gown into pants to prove her point.
With my interest piqued, I leaned forward in my seat. “What else can you do?”
Sylvie took a seat from the couch across from me. “So far, I’ve been focusing mostly on how to function in this bipedal form. But apart from the lack of stability in walking with two legs, I’ll have to admit that I’ve begun to understand why the asuras choose to stay in this form more than their original.”
“Oh?” I raised a brow. “Do tell.”
“Mana manipulation and even using aether is somewhat easier in this form,” she acknowledged, curling and uncurling her fingers.
“Interesting,” I replied. “Speaking of which, what are your magic capabilities like after the seal was broken?”
“Because the Indrath Clan are aether users, most of my mana manipulation abilities are centered toward strengthening my body,” she answered. “But I am able to dispel a large amount of my mana at once.”
Suddenly, mana began gathering into her open palm, casting a bright light all around the room. The light artifacts hanging from the walls and ceiling flickered and dimmed.
My eyes widened as the orb of concentrated mana began growing in size. “S-Sylvie? Please don’t destroy this room... or this castle.”
My bond’s stoic face broke into a smile as she looked at me. “Is the mighty lance scared of a little girl now?”
“Your jagged horns kind of negates every ‘girly’ thing about you,” I said uneasily, scooting farther into my seat as the charged sphere of mana began pulsing with power. “But seriously. You still stumble over your own feet, Sylv. Let’s not endanger everyone in this castle.”
The glowing orb slowly faded, dispelling into tiny particles as Sylvie let out a deep breath. “I’m glad that I was able to break the seal since I’ll be of better use out in the field, but there’s a part of me that feels foreign now.”
“Well you are still getting used to your human form,” I comforted.

Sylvie shook her head. “It’s not like that. It’s more... internal, like there’s much more to my abilities than what I thought before.”
“Well. You’ll have a lot of opportunities for self-discovery. You heard in the meeting too; I feel like things are only going to be more hectic from now on.”
“At least we’ll have one another to count on,” she replied with a determined gaze. “After getting better control of this form, I feel that the two of us defeating a scythe isn’t impossible.”

“Isn’t impossible,” I echoed with a laugh. “Not the best of odds, but much better than before.”
“Maybe we’ll have some time to spar before going on a mission,” Sylvie said hopefully. “I’d like to test out the extent of my control over aether in this form.”
“We’re lucky if we can actually have the whole night to sleep without being disturbed,” I mumbled, heading over to my bed.
The two of us continued talking from our beds. Despite my lack of sleep, speaking with my bond had rejuvenated me more than I thought it would. Having Sylvie in human form just made it seem as if I got another younger sister, albeit one with large intimidating horns.
‘Speaking of sister,’ Sylvie chimed in, reading my thoughts. ‘Wasn’t Ellie waiting for us?’
“She’s probably asleep by now,” I mumbled, slurring my words as my drowsiness began taking hold of me.
‘I’m not so sure about that, Arthur. Ellie’s been looking forward to having you back... however briefly that might be.’
“I’ll... try to spend time with her... tomorrow,” I replied, about to fall asleep until a firm knock on my door startled me awake.
“What!” I snapped, my annoyance practically oozing out of my voice.
“I apologize for the disturbance, General Arthur, but I have a message from Commander Virion to meet him in the dungeon,” a deep voice sounded from behind the door.
I shut my eyes, refusing to part ways with the fluffy feather-stuffed pillow molding to the shape of my head. This is just a dream, Arthur. No need to get back up.
“G-General Arthur?”
With a growl, I rolled out of bed and put on a robe. “Come on, Sylv. Let’s go.”
‘Must I?’ she sent back, not even bothering to speak. ‘I just made myself comfortable, and the guard only asked for you.’
“Traitor,” I grumbled, heading toward the door.
I followed the guard down the dim hallway, going down the flights of stairs until we reached the lower levels of the castle.
“Did Commander Virion tell you any details about why he wanted to see me?” I asked.

“Unfortunately, no. I am just the dungeon guard currently on duty.”
We walked in further silence as we neared the reinforced doors leading down into the dungeon. In front of it were several figures that I recognized as the Council. They were still all in their sleepwear, apparently having been disturbed from their slumber.
The last figure, right in front of the door, was a hulking man a head taller than Blaine and twice as wide. It took me a moment to remember that he was the assistant to the old man that was in charge of interrogating the prisoners.
“Arthur, do you know what this is about?” Virion asked as we approached, his expression just as annoyed as mine was.
I jerked a thumb toward the armored guard. “I came here because this guy told me you called for me.”
“We just arrived as well. What is going on?” Alduin asked worriedly, his eyes bloodshot from exhaustion.
“I called for you all because this man”—Virion turned back to face Gentry’s assistant—“What was your name again?”
“Duve,” the burly man grunted.
“Because Duve said that Gentry finally got one of the prisoners to talk,” Virion finished.
“Who? The retainer?” Priscilla queried, her arms crossed.
“I’m not sure,” Virion replied, shooting another gaze at the burly man.
“And where’s Gentry now?” I asked, looking behind the interrogator’s assistant in case he was hidden behind him. “Shouldn’t we go inside instead of waiting out here?”
“Master Gentry will be here soon,” Duve replied, standing his ground as if guarding the door.
Hardly a minute longer had passed and my patience was growing dangerously thin when the dungeon door slid open and the hooked nose elder trotted out.
“Gentry!” Blaine barked. “What exactly is going on!”
“My apologies to the Council and General Arthur. I was just finishing up the maintenance on the restraining system of the retainer when things suddenly unfolded this way. Still, I didn’t want to take the small chance of my beloved prisoner to break free while we were all down there,” Gentry said, cleaning his wrinkled hands on a cloth.
Virion rubbed his temples. “Please just tell me you were able to get something important out of the prisoners.”
“Unfortunately, no,” the hooked nose elder rasped. “Well, not exactly.”
“Then for what reason did you find the need to pull us down here at this godforsaken hour,” Merial quipped, her eyes narrowed.
Gentry let out an uncomfortable cough before speaking again. “I have yet to break the retainer, but the traitor, Rahdeas—I think that was his name—has finally spoken for the first time.”
“What did he say?” I asked, getting up from my seat. “Did he give you any information?”
“Well, no, not exactly.”
“On with it, talking corpse!” Buhnd snapped, talking for the first time. “Stop talking in riddles and spit it out.”
“Talking co—”
“Gentry,” Virion said, his voice frighteningly low.
Gentry winced but took a step forward, puffing his chest in confidence. “Thanks to yours truly, the traitor has finally spoken and he has requested to speak”—his crooked finger pointed toward me—“but only to General Arthur.”





Chapter 203
Chapter 203: A Poem
The hallway was quiet as everyone’s gaze followed the long crooked finger to me.
I furrowed my brows. “Me?”
My mind spun trying to think of why Rahdeas would want to speak to me and what he could possibly say to me in this situation.
“After basically splitting up the entire dwarven kingdom and leaving me to clean up his unwiped ass, who is he to declare who he wants to speak to,” Buhnd growled.
“Do you think he’s aiming to make some sort of deal with General Arthur?” Blaine asked.
“I doubt it. If he wanted to strike a deal, he’d have a much better chance of doing so with Commander Virion or anyone else in the Council,” Merial answered.
“Perhaps it’s because of your ties with Elijah?” Virion wondered.
“That’s... what I’m afraid of,” I sighed.
In the midst of the discussion, Gentry let out a cough to gather our attention. “Councilmembers and lance. It would be an understatement to say it had been difficult for me to get the traitor to talk. Perhaps it’s best we capitalize in my—this achievement and talk to him while he’s still able?”
“Lead the way, Gentry,” I said, walking through the reinforced doors.
Bearing through the familiar musty smell of the castle dungeon, I walked silently behind Gentry while the rest begrudgingly stayed behind. Gentry motioned for the two soldiers guarding the lower levels where Uto and Rahdeas were held to open the door.
Taking a deep breath, I waited for Gentry to carefully unlock the cell barely the size of a shoe closet.
“I will be on standby just outside the door, General Arthur. I’m sure you already know, but please refrain from touching anything else, ” Gentry warned before stepping aside as he opened the cell door.
I waited until the old man left before shifting my gaze to the kneeled man in cuffs. “Rahdeas.”
The man twitched at the sound of his name before a smile formed.
“My gratitude for your time and presence,” he dipped his head respectfully. “Allow me to begin.”
“Begin?” I asked, but the man kept his head and gaze lowered.
I kept my guard up, uneasy because of his odd behavior.
“A lad of humble origins, born wrapped in rags for a towel,” he began, finally lifting his head. “Within, however, he was more. Just like the unassuming ashes of a particular fiery fowl.”
“And as with all heroes-to-be, the lad had the looks and the lad had the might.” Rahdeas stretched out an arm while his other hand laid over his chest. “His mother taught him the world, his father taught him to fight.”
I watched, dumbstruck, as the tortured man continued his epic.

Rahdeas’ voice got deeper, darker. “That is, until the day came,
When the lad knew that there was a larger stage to tame.
“His blood knew as well that they could no longer contain,
The lad’s fire that wished to reign.”
“So they took up their bags and wished their small town good luck,” Rahdeas let out a breath. “But woe, as all stories go, tragedy struck.”
“Rahdeas,” I called out, but was silenced by a raised finger.
The man continued. “But never fret, never doubt, because as all stories go, a hero never drops out.
“So he grows and grows,
Through his heartache and his death throes,
Never ceasing, overcoming.”
Rahdeas looked up at the dim flickering light above us. “Alas, every light needs a shadow,
Every hero needs a foe.
“The brighter the light,
The darker its night.”
Finally locking gazes with me, he shoots me a grin. “But I ask you this, hero-to-be.
What happens when your foe, who has crossed both time and space, is actually brighter than thee?
“Perhaps a fair maiden’s shining knight,
Is another one’s deadly blight,
And the side of dark and the light,
Is just a matter of who wins the right?”
An uncomfortable silence lingered as he finished his—for a lack of a better word—performance and just when I thought things couldn’t get weirder, Rahdeas, his arms chained to the ground, reached out and grabbed my hand with his blood-crusted fingers.
His glossy soulless eyes turned into crescents as he smiled up at me and nodded. “Ah good, you’re real. I was afraid you were just another illusion and that my performance had gone to waste.”
I stared down, not really knowing how to react as Elijah’s guardian continued to hold my hand.

“Hmm. I’ve forgotten how warm a person is.” His gaze remained afar as he stroked my hand like he would a house pet.
I jerked my hand from his grasp. “It seems that your time spent here has made you... unbalanced.”
“Out of all of more accurate words out there, you chose ‘unbalanced’? Not ‘crazy’ or ‘insane’ or ‘mad’, but ‘unbalanced’?” Rahdeas snickered.

“I’d rather not waste my time with lectures on my word choice, especially from someone unbalanced,” I stressed, narrowing my eyes.
Rahdeas shrugged. “Regardless, it is of your own free will whether you choose to ignore my words or not, poetry or prose alike.”
“So that poem you just recited...”
“Well, I thought a heart-to-heart conversation was a bit boring. And though I’m not very versed in the art of poetry, I had to do something to pass the time here,” Rahdeas replied seriously for a second until his eyes twinkled. “Or... you know; this might just be the rambling of a man ‘unbalanced’.”
A sigh escaped me as I shook my head.
“Be honest, though. My rhyming may have been a bit elementary but it was catchy, was it not?” he grinned, wrinkles lining his ghastly skin.
Annoyance bubbled up, showing on my face. “I don’t think you understand the gravity of your situation, Rahdeas. You’re going to be here for a long time and it’s going to be unpleasant. Revealing anything that might be of help to the Council—to Dicathen—will ultimately decide how unpleasant. Now is not the best time to worry whether your rhymes are catchy or not.”
He matched my gaze, unaffected, before suddenly falling flat on his back, resting his head on his hands like he had no care in the world. “I know precisely what sort of position I’m in and I’ve told you exactly I wanted to. Again, what you gain from it is none of my concern.”
I gnashed my teeth in frustration and waited in silence for a bit longer, hoping that he might change his mind. In the end, the traitor shooed me away with a wave of his hand as he began humming in the rhythm of the poem he had recited to me.
Letting out a scoff at the traitor’s attitude all the way until the end, I called for Gentry and had him lock Rahdeas’ cell.
I turned to leave, frustrated and speechless, when my gaze landed on another cell—one even smaller than Rahdeas’. Despite the mana-inhibiting qualities of the mysterious material that the cell was made of, an ominous aura constantly seeped out.
For a moment, I was tempted to open the cell.
In a short amount of time, I had grown and broken through to a stage that rivaled the top mages of Dicathen. The fear that I had felt when facing Uto, even with the help of Sylvie, left a deep impression on me that I wanted to get rid of. And I thought that confronting the retainer again would do so.
As silly as it sounded, especially since he was bound and severely weakened, I caught myself walking toward Uto’s prison.
There’s nothing to gain, Arthur, I scolded myself, shaking my head.
I left the dungeon, greeted out by the sound of Rahdeas humming that made me replay the bits and pieces of the poem that he so theatrically recited.
<p class="p1">***
The members of the Council were still waiting for me by the time I came back out. Their gazes bored into me, waiting for me to say something—anything.
I shot a thumb back at the withering, hook-nosed interrogator behind me. “Gentry’s interrogation tactics seemed to have made Rahdeas lose a bit of his mind. The only thing he did was recite a poem to me.”

“Poem?” Blaine said incredulously.
Everyone knew Rahdeas as a mild-mannered dwarf that was intelligent and someone who always strived for a collaborative effort and solution. Hearing me say that he was basically babbling like a madman raised some eyebrows.
“What... was the poem about?” Virion asked hesitantly.
“It was a story about a boy on his way to being a hero,” I replied. “He said he made it up, but some of it didn’t really make sense.”
“My tactics do sometimes leave the prisoners in a less-than-desirable state,” Gentry said with a cough. “My apologies for the false alarm. I sincerely thought that he would be confessing something important.”
“Seeing as nothing substantial has been revealed, how about we discuss this more in our next gathering?” Alduin suggested.
“I second this,” Buhnd grunted. “We can choose whether to decipher his... poem once we’ve got some sleep in us.”
“If Rahdeas’ state-of-mind is as you suggested, his words most likely don’t hold any weight,” Merial said, already turning to leave.
Like that, the impromptu gathering of the Council in the dead of night in the lowest floors of the castle was brought to an end.
I got back to my room, and despite my lack of sleep and rest, I was wide awake. For some reason, what Rahdeas said kept me thinking.
Dimming the light artifact on the desk to its lowest setting so I didn’t wake up my bond, I began jotting down the parts of the poem that I remembered.
While my memory recall wasn’t perfect, I was able to get a lot of it down on paper with the help of the rhymes and simple structure of the poem.
Leaning back in my chair, I read through the poem again, frustrated at some of the parts that I couldn’t remember because I had been so confused at Rahdeas’ behavior.
The main message I got from this poem was about a hero... that much is true, but there was something more to it than that.
Under the assumption that Rahdeas wasn’t out of his mind, he explicitly said that the poem was what he wanted to tell me. This led me to think that maybe this ‘hero’ had something to do with me.
I was positive that the poem started off with something about a lad of poor origins, and how he was wrapped in a rag... or maybe a towel. but I couldn’t remember what he used to rhyme with towel.
Owl? Growl? Foul?
I clicked my tongue and moved on. Assuming that this lad was me, how did Rahdeas know details of my childhood? It wasn’t just the fact that I was from a rather modest upbringing in Ashber, but the poem also said that the lad wished the town luck before a tragedy struck.
It probably wasn’t too hard for Rahdeas to have done a background check on me using his resources while he was still part of the Council, but even then, this whole thing just didn’t sit well.
Frustrated at Rahdeas for the needlessly cryptic message and at myself for dismissing his poem for the jabbering of a madman, I moved on.
At least I started paying a bit more attention here, I thought.
The latter half of the poem was a bit more ambiguous as it began to sound more and more like an overused prophecy foretold in nearly every hero story I’ve read throughout both my lives.
Lines like, ‘the brighter the light, the darker its night’ most likely had something to do with my foe being more powerful the stronger I became—as if I chose my enemies by their strength relative to my own.
Regardless, the last few lines were a bit tricky and I felt like I might of misheard or remembered incorrectly. “...knight being someone’s blight?”
I went through the incomplete poem for another half hour before I gave up.
I’ll just ask Rahdeas to repeat the poem one more time tomorrow.
I was still skeptical of whether the poem even meant anything, which was probably why I hadn’t bothered to even listen carefully when the dwarf said it, but I was still curious.
Sliding into bed I tried to get rid of my thoughts of the poem, instead focusing on what I should do to best help out in this war.
Still, even as sleep overcame me, I found myself trying to piece the poem back together by trying to remember all of the words that rhymed.





Chapter 204
Chapter 204: Lost Words
GREY
I stepped back as Lady Vera positioned her thin metal stick she called a ‘foil’ for a horizontal swing. Still, somehow, the foil managed to slap my left arm.
“How?” I hissed, rubbing the fresh wound. “I thought I dodged that.”
“You’re too focused on my weapon,” Lady Vera answered, keeping her body still. “Your vision should encompass your enemy—or enemies—as a whole. What do you see differently right now?”
I looked down at the foil still pointed at me. “Aside from the obvious?”
That earned me another smack with her weapon. “Don’t get smart with me, kid.”
“Okay, okay!” I yelped. “And I have a name, you know.”
“I’m aware that you were named after a rather boring color,” Lady Vera said bluntly. “Now, answer my question.”
Afraid of getting hit again, I scanned the tall woman. She wore a dark shirt and tight-fitting black pants, which only emphasized her long, curly red hair.
After saving me from my captors several months ago, I began my lessons a few weeks back after completely healing from my injuries. While her methods were brutal and her personality was about as warm as a block of ice, they were effective.
“Well?” she pressed, jolting me out of my thoughts.
I let out a breath and pointed at her foot. “You pivoted using your lead leg, bringing your back foot forward for longer reach.”
“Good,” she nodded in approval. “Although, if you weren’t able to see that from the track mark on the ground...”
“Yes yes. Then I don’t deserve to be your student,” I finished. “Now, how do I get better?”
My mentor muttered something under her breath before walking over to the manmade pond she had in her yard. The entire ‘training ground’ we were in, which stretched out for fifty yards in both length and width, was her backyard.
The simple fact that she even had a backyard in a city where high rise building took up about every available plot of land spoke a lot about her wealth and power. Adding to the fact that her entire backyard—which looked like something out of an old nature magazine—was also blocked off from the outside world by a twenty-foot wall made me wonder what sort of position she actually held in Wittholm Academy, the military school I was still enrolled in.
As we reached the clear pond that had fish in it—actual, live fish—Lady Vera sat down at the edge and motioned me to join her.
“Try catching a fish with your hands,” she said. “Without using ki.”
“What? Won’t they die if they come out of the water? I-I don’t think I can afford to replace a living fish like this.”
She gave me a rare smile. “Don’t worry about that and just try.”
Gazing warily at the aquatic animals that I’ve only seen in a frozen and processed form, I reached in and tried to scoop one up. Just as my fingers barely touched the water, however, the gold and black fish darted off to the other end of the pond.
“So fast!” I exclaimed, marveling at its speed.
She snapped her finger to get my attention. “Again.”
It only took about a dozen more tries to realize that there was a message that I was supposed to be getting from all of this. Frustrated and wet, I swiped my hand without a care whether I’ll hurt the fish or not, only to slip on the wet stone and fall inside the water.

“Gah!” I flailed out of the water, letting out a gasp as my mentor just laughed.
Barely managing to climb back out of the deep pond, I laid back on the grass. “What’s the point of this, anyway? It’s impossible to catch one with just your bare hands.”
“Is that so?” my mentor said in a haughty voice.
“Yes, it’s imposs”—I lifted my head, only to see that she was holding a fish in her hand—“what? No way! Do it again!”
Lady Vera shrugged and threw the fish back into the pond. “Sure.”
I scrambled back to my feet and watched closely in case my mentor tried to pull a fast one and use ki or cheat in some other way.
Leaning forward, Lady Vera waited with her hand close to the surface. Just as another fish was about to swim by, she dipped her hand slowly into the water and came out with the fish in her hand.
She shot me a smug grin, tossing the fish back in. “Now do you believe me?”
“I don’t get it. You did it so slowly...” I mumbled. “Wait! Did you train these fish to just go into your hand?”
“Do I look like someone that’d spend the time to do something as useless as that?” My mentor looked at me, deadpan.
I scratched my head. “I guess not... but I still don’t understand the point of this, unless it was for you to just show off.”
My mentor splashed water on my face at my remark. “I did it to show you that you and these fish—the ones that were able to make a fool of you—are similar.”
I furrowed my brows. “What?”
Lady Vera’s hand suddenly shot out toward my face, causing me to whip my head to the side.
“Your reaction speed is fast, frighteningly so,” my mentor explained, patting my shoulder. “But it’s instinctual, not tamed, just like these fish.”
“I don’t understand. What do you mean tamed?” I asked.
“You might not be aware of it but, through of this ‘ability’, by the time your opponent’s arms flex in order to throw a punch, your brain has already sent a signal to your body in order to react. Now, if your opponents are on the level of students here, you hold a large advantage over them. However, if left like this, stronger opponents can easily predict how you’re going to dodge, just like how I predicted the fish would try to dodge when I grabbed it.”
I thought for a moment and realized that what Lady Vera said was pretty spot on. “So how do I ‘tame’ this ability?”
“By responding, not reacting,” she answered, getting up and taking an offensive stance.
“Isn’t that the same thing?”
She shook her head. “One is intentional, the other is instinctual. We’ve focused on basic conditioning for the most part, but I think you’re ready to start learning how to start responding.”
My eyes shined in excitement at the thought of finally learning to fight from Lady Vera. “The fun part!”
“Fun for me,” she replied with a dark smile, swinging her foil in a figure eight. “But lucky for you, your next class starts soon so we’ll start with this exercise tomorrow.”
I let out a groan and rubbed the welt on my arm from where she hit me earlier.
“There’s a car waiting for you to get back to school,” Lady Vera said while shooing me away. “Now scram.”
“Thank you for the lesson,” I grumbled before picking up my uniform and backpack that were hung by the door before leaving.
<p class="p1">***

While the ride back to school took less than an hour, I still managed to fall asleep deep enough for the driver to have to shake me awake after arriving.
I took a deep breath as I stepped out of the sleek black vehicle, prepared for the sharp gazes of my peers at the mere luxury of being able to ride a private car. However, the outer courtyard that was usually filled with students either lounging around in between classes were all gathered around the entrance of the administration building on the left. Blocking off the perimeter were several fortified vans that looked a bit different from the usual city’s police force.
“What is going on,” I muttered to myself, making my way toward the crowd.

Armored guards in black, with their customary straight sabers strapped to their hips, kept all the curious students from getting any closer from the building doors. These weren’t normal police officers; they were enforcers.
I grabbed the nearest student. “What happened? Why are enforcers here? Was there a break in or an attack?”
“Did you just get here?” the boy scoffed. “You missed the huge explosion that happened out in the training grounds.”
“Explosion? Do you know what caused it?”
“Apparently, it was a student.” The boy smirked. “Now, outta the way. I want to try and get closer.”
The boy disappeared in the sea of students, leaving me dumbfounded.
How big of an explosion was it for enforcers to have to come, I wondered, looking at the soldiers clad in thin armored uniforms that were designed to strengthen when imbued with ki.
I couldn’t help but remember how Nico had gone on and on about how revolutionary the material those uniforms were made of was... vein fiber was the name. He had also mentioned how expensive vein fiber was to produce, which was why they were only provided for kings and elite soldiers, either for the special operation soldiers going on international missions or enforcers of the counter-terrorist squads.
Speaking of Nico, if anyone knew what was going on, it would probably be him, I thought, my eyes scanning through the crowd in hopes of finding him or Cecilia.
Unable to get a good view, I turned back and climbed up one of the light post until I spotted a familiar dark-haired boy. He was at the very front, just beyond the perimeter that the enforcers had set up, but I wasn’t sure if it was Nico. I narrowed my eyes, focusing on him until he finally turned around.
“There you are.” I jumped down and made my way through the crowd of students. After bumping shoulders and fighting my way in for a good ten minutes, I was able to squeeze and get to the front.
“Nico!” I called out.
My friend turned around and the first thing I noticed was the trail of blood running down his lips. That was never a good sign.
“Grey!” He exclaimed, making my way to me.
“Your lips are bleeding, Nico. What’s going on?” I asked, my eyes shifting between Nico and the enforcers just a few feet away behind the red warning tape. “Some guy told me there was apparently an explosion caused by a student.”
“I don’t know what happened. The ki restrainer must’ve malfunctioned. But I checked it just a few days ago and it was fine. I don’t know what happened! It’s all my fault!” he said, chewing on his lips again in worry.
“Slow down, Nico. You’re not making any sense,” I answered.
Nico buried his face in his hands. “It’s Cecilia. She had one of her accidents.”
ARTHUR LEYWIN
I opened my eyes, letting out a deep breath. It’d only been a few days since my last ‘dream’ and this one was a particularly bad one. It was a memory that I would never forget, dream or no dream. Along with Headmaster Wilbeck’s death, it was that day that caused my life to unfold the way it did.
I looked outside the window to see that the sun had yet to fully rise, which meant that I had at most only a two or three hours of sleep.
With a groan, I got out of bed and washed up, hoping cold water will help wash out the fatigue that seemed to have made a permanent home in my body.
‘You’re awake?’ my bond asked, not bothering to speak.

“Yeah. I don’t think I can fall back asleep anyway. Want to join me in a morning stretch outside?”
‘As enticing as that sounds, unfortunately, that requires me to get out of bed,’ she replied pulling the covers over her head.
“Growing children do need their sleep,” I agreed with a chuckle, drying my hair with a towel.
‘That immature retort speaks volumes about who the child actually is between us,’ she replied casually.
I let out a laugh. You got me there.
After dressing in a plain loose shirt and dark trousers, I headed out, passing my desk. Looking down at the messy paper filled with bits and pieces of the poem that I tried to remember, I changed my plans.
On second thought, I’ll give Rahdeas a short visit. Hopefully he’s functional enough to repeat the poem.
I greeted the few maids and workers that were just finishing up their night shift as I made my way down toward the dungeon.
Walking through the long, dimly lit hallway leading to the entrance of the first level, I spotted a familiar face guarding the door... using the term ‘guarding’ very loosely.
Albold, the elf of the Chaffer family that Virion had introduced was currently nodding off to sleep as he stood guard beside the large metal door.
With a smirk, I erased my presence and softened my breath. I coated my footsteps in mana in the same precise manner that I did back when I was training alone in the forests of Epheotus.
I quickened my speed as I got closer to the sleeping guard but as soon as I was within a few yards of the door, Albold’s eyes shot open and a thick layer of mana covered his body and swords as he swung out.
I easily caught the two blades with my hands, but I was still surprised.
“General Arthur?” he said incredulously, quickly sheathing his dual blades. “Sorry about that, I swore I felt someone sneaking up on me.”
“I was sneaking up on you. Weren’t you asleep?” I asked, suspicious.
“Ah... I got caught.” Albold scratched his head in embarrassment. “Please don’t tell Commander Virion. I barely have a few days left doing guard duty! I can’t stay here any longer!”
“Relax, I was just impressed,” I chuckled. “Virion was right, your senses are good.”
“Haha, saved my ass more than a couple times in my life,” Albold responded. “So, what can I do for you, General?”
“I need to speak to a prisoner,” I replied. “Is Gentry inside?”
Albold nodded as he opened the door. “I can’t think of a time where he hasn’t been inside.”
The two of us walked in and soon found Gentry sleeping on a cot in one of the cells of the upper-level dungeon.
“Who...Wha-What’s going on?” Gentry muttered as we shook him awake. “G-General? What can I do for you?”
“Can you open Rahdeas’ cell for just a moment? There’s something I want to ask him,” I explained.
The interrogator rubbed his eyes as he began unlocking the entrance to the lower level of the dungeon. “Of course. And my apologies again for the trouble I caused by calling the entire Council. I was certain that the traitor was going to reveal something important.”
After a few clicks, Gentry motioned for Albold to help and the two of them heaved the doors open.
My eyes widened at what I saw. Gentry’s assistant was splayed out on the floor with several black spikes pierced through his body. Seeing the spikes, my gaze immediately veered toward the cell that Uto was in, only to lock eyes with the retainer.
I immediately imbued mana around me, fearing that Uto would leap out, but the retainer was completely still and silent—no signs of life in his glossed eyes. he smiled.
Albold let out a sharp gasp as he strengthened his body as well and drew his swords.
“Shester!” Gentry cried, oblivious of the retainer out of his cell.
“He-He’s dead,” I muttered, eyes focused solely on Uto. Because of his black body, I didn’t notice the spikes pierced through his chest and stomach as well with blood still leaking out.
“Rahdeas!” I stepped inside the dungeon and the restrictions of magic in the room could immediately be felt. Jumping over the assistant’s corpse, I swung open the door to Rahdeas’ cell that had been unlocked, only to see that the old dwarf had met the same fate as Uto and Shester.
He was dead.





Chapter 205
Chapter 205: Enemy Territory
CIRCE MILVIEW
Alacryan
“How much longer?” Fane hissed, his head constantly darting left and right. His voice was hardly louder than a whisper. None of us dared to be any louder than that.
I held up two fingers, turning my focus back on the tree in front of me. The crest on my back flared as I grit my teeth to keep my powers under control while mana coursed through my arms and into the tree itself.
“My veiling barrier isn’t going to last much longer on such a wide range,” Cole muttered through gritted teeth.
I wiped a bead of sweat running down my cheek. “Done.”
Maeve grabbed my arm and we were already on the move. I turned back one last time to make sure the three-point array I had just finished was in place.
It’s in place. I allowed myself a breath of relief as we began making our way through this forsaken forest.
We traveled at a frustratingly slow pace with Maeve and myself in the front. Only by using my crest did my senses extend to about thirty yards—much too restricted than I was comfortable with. It didn’t help that, because of this mysterious fog that only seemed to exist in this forest, I was the only one that could see past a few feet around us.
“Do you see anyone around us, Circe?” Fane asked for the fifth time.
I whipped my head back and shot him a glare. “I said I’ll tell you if I see anything out of the ordinary.”
He narrowed his eyes, discontent, but didn’t say anything further.
After about an hour of practically crawling through the fog-laden forest, I signaled for everyone to stop. “We need to place another array.”
Everyone got into position. Maeve hopped onto a nearby tree with her hands poised to fire. Cole stuck beside me and enveloped the area in a veil to help mask mana fluctuations while I worked. Fane circled the perimeter with wary eyes as our first line of defense.
After everyone was in place, I continued in our most important—and quite likely our last—mission.
Activating my crest once again, I began setting up the first part of the three-point array. With my control as a mid-tier sentry, it wasn’t hard setting it up. The tricky part was making sure it was all but undetectable until I finally activated it. There could be no trace, no leakage, of mana or the elves lurking around the forest will sense it. If any of the arrays that I had made were discovered, the whole plan was ruined.
Pushing aside the burden weighing down on me, I controlled the mana coalesced in the tip of my fingers as it began seeping into the first tree. A rustle sounded to my left and I jerked.
Were we discovered?

By the time I turned my head in the direction of the sound, Fane was already there. He shook his head, holding up a rodent whose neck had been cleanly broken.
As expected of a veteran emblem holder. The striker’s attitude was foul, but he was a reliable teammate to have.
Turning my focus back on the old tree, I controlled the passage of my instilled mana until it buried itself deep into the core of the tree. After it was in place, I had to cover the tracks and the mana fluctuation at the site of the ‘wound’.
For this moment, my attention had to be concentrated. I wasn’t able to afford to spread my senses around us in case an elf sneaked up on us.
Minutes crawled at the pace of hours as I blinked away the tears trying to get inside my eyes. The mana imprint left by my spell had to be manually obscured with surgical precision so that no one could sense that magic was used in the area.
Done, I mouthed at my teammates before moving onto the next point.
Kneeling down on the ground a few feet away from the tree, I repeated the process until finally I was on the last part on a tree on the other side of the array I had made on the ground.
After this three-point array had been completed, we were once again on the move. Luckily, Cole’s veil barrier didn’t leave any mana fluctuations. Neither did Fane or Maeve’s magic.
Truly a team specialized for this mission, I thought, feeling out of place. Afterall, I was a sentry. I wasn’t built or trained for this.
My only source of comfort was that we weren’t the only team.
Maybe one of the other teams have already succeeded in securing a route, I hoped, knowing how unlikely it was. Out of all the other teams, I knew that we were the most likely to succeed... because of my newly acquired emblem.
Suddenly, an arm shot out, stopping me in my tracks. It was Maeve.
She locked gazes with me and then looked down. Hidden underneath the fog was a small ditch with spikes of wood.
My heart thumped at the close call.
“The spikes weren’t sharpened, it was twisted into this shape,” Maeve informed in a whisper.
“Plant magic,” I breathed. My heart dropped at what this meant.
“We’ll have to find another route,” Fane said from behind, still on the lookout.
“Then we’ll have to stop in a bit for me to scout another route,” I replied, disheartened.
With a solemn nod from Maeve, we continued our hellish march.
My legs throbbed in pain and my sore back made me feel older than my grandma, but I continued on without complaint until the sun was about an hour from setting.

“Merciful Vritra,” I mumbled as we finally settled down for the night on the thick branches of a tree.
Cole passed around strips of salted dried meat and a candied root to each of us.
Tearing smaller pieces from the dried meat, I let it sit in my mouth so my saliva would soften it before I chewed it down. The four of us ate silently, relishing the first small break in two days.

After sucking the sugar off of the candied root, and taking a sip from my flask, I got back to work.
Igniting my hard-earned emblem, I activated True Sense. The unsettling sensation of my consciousness leaving my body felt as if I was undressing amidst a snowstorm, but I endured through it by relishing the breathtaking sight of the forest beneath me.
Like a ghost floating through the sky, unabated, I narrowed my True Sense to lock in on a single element. My head, figuratively speaking since my actual body was sitting comatose below on a tree branch, throbbed terribly.
I’ve read that true mastery of this ability will come when my mind is able to see all four elemental mana particles in the atmosphere. If that’s the case, I still have a long way to go.
Despite the numbing pain, I was soon rewarded as particles of ambient mana lit up green. Hurriedly, I scanned throughout the horizon, desperately searching for large clusters of ambient wind mana that would lead us to the hidden kingdom of the elves.
As I extended my True Sense, the throbbing grew unbearable.
Just a little long—there!
Immediately my non-physical form was sucked back into my body that had been anchored by the powerful emblem. The last twinkle of green flickered out of my vision as I returned to my physical visage with a gasp.
“Were you successful, Circe?” Fane immediately asked, true to his impatience.
My body still felt cold, like I had gotten into a fresh set of sheets, but my lips curled into a smile. “The kingdom is still too far away, but I was able to find a larger area of mana fluctuations about a day’s travel from here.”
“Larger?” Maeve echoed with a twinkle in her eye. “That means it’s a bigger settlement, or maybe even a town.”
Cole let out a sigh. “At least we’re going the right way. Nice to know all of this so far wasn’t for nothing.”
“As expected from a member of the Milview blood. Your skills as a sentry hold true,” Fane complimented as he tore off a piece of his dried meat.
Accepting his rare praise, I continued. “I won’t be able to use my emblem for another day but after I’ve fully recovered, I’ll want to do another scan honing in on water attribute mana.”
“Smart,” Maeve agreed. “From our reports, these elves are adept mostly in either water or wind.”
After finishing our modest meal, we got as comfortable as we could within the branches of the ancient tree deep within enemy territory. Either Cole or I had to be on watch in case something approached but since I had just expended a lot of my mana activating my emblem, Cole and Maeve took first watch.

The weathered shield about the age of my father shot me a smile before erecting a small veiling barrier around us while Fane and I slept.
Despite the cold and hard branch pressed against my back and the fear of falling down—even after tying ourselves to the tree—I soon fell asleep.
I must’ve barely closed my eyes when I was already shaken awake by Maeve.
“It’s been two hours,” she whispered, signaling me to take over before waking up Fane.
There’s no way it’s been two hours already, I groaned internally.
Noticing that I was awake, Cole extinguished his spell before rolling up his cloak and using it as a makeshift pillow to sleep on.
Even with the ever-looming threat of being discovered and killed, I still had to pinch my cheeks to fully wake myself up. Coursing mana into my second crest, the one that I had received after fully comprehending the spell while it was still just a mark, my awareness spread to a forty-yard radius around us. Normally, I’d be able to stretch my sphere of awareness to over a hundred yards no matter what the terrain, but the mysterious magic encompassing this endless forest restricted everyone’s senses.
If our trek during the day seemed to be going slow, the night on watch was endless. I entertained myself by focusing on a nocturnal bird feeding its newborn blood a dozen yard away when I felt bodies enter the scope of my range.
Elves!
I whipped my head and locked gazes with Fane. Before I even mouthed the word, he seemed to know something was wrong by my expression.
‘How many?’ Fane mouthed.
I held up three fingers and pointed in the direction they were coming from.
With a nod, the two of us quickly shook Maeve and Cole awake, covering their mouths while doing so in case they made a sound.
After being caught up, Cole quickly erected a two-layered barrier that dampened sounds and veiled our presence. After erecting barriers all day and barely getting any sleep, the shield was struggling to maintain his spells but he endured. He had to.
“About a dozen yards away,” I whispered solemnly.
“If we’re lucky, they’ll pass by or go a different way. If they suspect something near us, I’ll take Circe while Maeve and Cole hold them off,” Fane declared.
My eyes widened in panic. “We can all stay and fight. We outnumber them!”
Cole rubbed his stubbled chin. “Even if we stay and fight, we’ll have to do so with magic that’ll leave traces. It’s too risky.”
“Cole is right,” Maeve added. “We’re expendable in this mission. You’re not.”
The gravity of her words shook me but I knew it was true. Out of all the teams trying to create a route to the elven kingdom, I was the only sentry with an emblem powerful enough to navigate effectively in the Elshire Forest. Still, the thought of abandoning my teammates sickened me.
“W-What if we ambush them and take one as a hostage? We can use the elf to—”
“You know what happened to the other team that tried that,” Fane interrupted harshly.
I nodded. The captured elf had killed himself and the team was tracked down by its brethren.
“Luckily, they were close to the southern border of the forest and it didn’t happen long after the initial beast raid, or else they would’ve become suspicious,” Maeve muttered.
The four of us stopped whispering, afraid the elves might hear us even with the two-layered barrier around us.
By the time the footsteps below us were audible to our bare ears, we were holding our breaths. I clamped my mouth shut with my hands, praying that they’d just keep walking.





Chapter 206
Chapter 206: Brother’s Consent
The unexpected deaths of Rahdeas and Uto would be enough to cause a mass panic within the echelons of noble families both living in the castle and out in various fortified cities. Having two major figures of the enemy side in the Council’s palms created a certain semblance of power and control to the people of Dicathen.
To prevent chaos, the Council did what countless leaders—regardless of time, race, and world—do when faced with setbacks. They covered it up.
Gentry, Albold, and I all had to be questioned by the Council since we were the ones present at the scene.
Because of the black spikes left skewered on all three corpses almost like a postcard, it was obvious that it couldn’t have been done by any one of us. Still, a majority of my day had been taken up by this. Eventually, Gentry was left to grieve over his assistant that he apparently cared very much for and Albold being relieved of his guard duty so he could be sent back to Elshire Forest to assist as a soldier.
As for me, I was standing in front of Virion in his private office as he sat behind his desk with a grim expression.
“Cynthia Goodsky died this way as well, right?” I confirmed.
Virion nodded, his eyes unfocused.
I continued. “You must be worried about everyone’s safety. Three people have been killed in the most secured location of a flying castle that has existed from ancient times.”
“Do you think I’d allow people to still be here if I was worried about their safety?” Virion retorted. “I’m not in the mood for tests, Arthur. I know you noticed as well. It was the same with Cynthia.”
“It’s good that you realized,” I smiled.
No one had infiltrated the Castle—no matter how much I thought over it, it just wasn’t possible. The layers of defense that one would have to go through in order to reach the insides of this castle, only to kill two prisoners just didn’t add up. If I was sent on a mission to infiltrate this castle, it’d be much simpler to assassinate as much of the Council as I could. It just didn’t add up, which led me to the answer that the attack had to be done from within.
Not within our side, but within Rahdeas and Uto’s bodies. Just like Cynthia, who had a powerful curse embedded inside her, it made sense for Rahdeas and even a retainer to have that as well in case they were caught. From how the black spikes seemed to almost ‘bloom’ out of Rahdeas and Uto’s bodies, I felt that their curse had been activated.
As for the Shester—Gentry’s unfortunate assistant—it seemed, by the random spikes lodged into not just his body but his extremities as well, he had just been caught in the explosion of spikes that shot out from within the two prisoners.
That had to be the case, it doesn’t make any sense otherwise.
Agrona had made it clear that the whole point of this war was to take over this continent with as little casualties as possible so that he could conquer and utilize the resources—living and nonliving—available here to strengthen his power and become a threat large enough to attack Epheotus head on. Dicathen was merely a stepping stone for him so wouldn’t make sense for him to only kill the prisoners if he had the power to send someone inside the castle.
Does that mean what Rahdeas said was something important? It was too much of a coincidence that he died right after telling me that poem. This led me to think whether Rahdeas purposely said in the form of a poem to try to bypass the curse. I remembered Cynthia having a curse where she was restricted to reveal or even think about revealing anything relevant.
Forcing myself out of the neverending speculations in my head, I spoke. “Any plans for what to do next?”
“For now, consolidating the priorities of the councilmembers come first. They were already restless after the attack on the southern borders of the Elshire Forest, but even this...” The old elf let out a breath that seemed to contain a bit of his weathered soul. “To be honest, Arthur, I’m at quite a loss at the moment. This war... the scale is so unlike any war this land has faced, yet—”
“Things have been too quiet,” I finished. “I agree. Even with the death of Uto and Rahdeas, I feel like something big is about to happen. I’m just not sure what.”
The room grew quiet as both of us mulled over our thoughts until Virion let out a cough. “Well, no use worrying right now. There are things that must be done. Arthur. You’re on standby as of now, correct?”
“Yes. General Aya is currently stationed in Elenoir, General Mica is assisting in the investigations of the radical group in Darv, General Varay is helping with fortification of major cities throughout the western coast and General Bairon, I believe, is scouting the northern ranges of the Grand Mountains for any signs of retainers or Scythes since there was that base we had cleared out nearby,” I reported. I had wanted to help out but because the Alacryans have been so quiet despite the seemingly random attack on the outskirts of the Elshire Forest, there was nothing that needed my attention.
“Okay. For now, stay in the Castle and get used to your new core. You’ll be sent out immediately if any of the cities report anything unusual so I need you to be in top condition,” Virion declared.
I turned to leave when Virion’s voice called out from behind. “Oh, and Arthur?”
Looking back at the commander over my shoulder, I responded. “Yes?”
He smiled. “I know you don’t care for this kind of thing, but as a lance, don’t you think you should go around dressed a bit more appropriately?”

Looking down to see the loose shirt and dark trousers I had on, I let out a chuckle. “Perhaps I should.”
Returning to my room, I was greeted by not only Sylvie, but by my sister and her bond as well.
Arriving in front of my room, I could hear faint mutters from a voice that sounded like my sister.
“...have to help me, okay? Promise?”
Sylvie must’ve told her I was here because my sister stopped talking.
Opening the door, I was greeted by Ellie and my bond, who were sitting on the couch. Boo, who was lying on the ground with his giant head propped up on top of my bed like a pillow, acknowledged my presence with a snort before closing his eyes.
“H-Hi, Brother,” my sister smiled weakly.
Sylvie greeted me with a simple wave of her hand.
That’s not suspicious, I thought.
‘You’re overthinking,’ my bond immediately replied back, making it more suspicious.
“Anyway, what happened for you to be gone for so long?” my sister asked, a bit upset that I hadn’t had the chance to really spend time with her since I came back.
“Just more meetings that I had to attend,” I said vaguely. “Anyway, I’m free now.”
Ellie cocked a brow. “Does that mean you’ll finally spend some time with your precious sister?”
“Yup, if you’re okay with the training ground that is. Sylv and I both have things to test before an actual fight.”
“Of course that’s okay. That’s exactly what I was about to suggest!” my sister exclaimed, grabbing her bow that was propped up against the wall beside her.
After changing into a more ‘socially appropriate’ attire, which was just a high-collared military tunic that covered the red scars on my neck, and a more fitted pair of trousers. Compared to the rest of the lances, I was dressed rather casually but at least I didn’t look like some farmer’s kid.
“Your hair is almost as long as mine. When are you going to cut it?” Ellie asked with distaste as I was tying my back hair.
I shrugged. “When I feel the need to.”
We made our way to the training room that was guarded by pair soldiers arguing over something.
“I’m telling you that it’s not the—General Arthur!” The armored man on the left clicked his heels and saluted while his companion on the right side of the entrance did the same.
“There are currently several mages practicing inside. Would you like us to clear them out?” The guard on the right asked as the two of them opened the entrance.
Because of the sheer power that can be generated from a white core mage, most of the time, the training room was completely emptied and walls were additionally fortified when a lance came in.
“No need. The one training isn’t me,” I informed, walking in after my excited sister. Sylvie and Boo followed along as we stepped into the loose earthen terrain.
The large room was lively with various nobles in well-adorned robes and tunics around my sister’s age or slightly older testing spells while guardians oversaw and gave pointers to their students. The ones training here were all of status with privileges that extended from family members that were of high rankings within the army. Being able to live and train in the Castle meant that they were safe, a luxury that only the top houses and families of captains had.
Seeing the large entrance open, a few turned their heads my way and the private instructors and adults all immediately recognized me. Bowing in respect, they quickly shushed their children when some of the younger ones asked who I was.
A woman that looked a few years older than my mother walked up to me with an amiable smile. “It’s an honor to see a lance like this. If you are here to train, I will take son and his friends elsewhere to learn.”
“It’s okay,” I smiled back. “Just here to stretch a little. Don’t mind us.”
“Hurry up!” Ellie exclaimed, already several yards ahead.

“If you’ll excuse me...” I followed after my sister with Sylvie and Boo in tow.
“Your sister really wants to impress you,” Sylvie said with a smile. “Don’t be too hard on her.”
“Aww, that’s no fun,” I smirked before turning my gaze to my bond. “Get ready to ‘stretch’ as well. I want to see what you can do before we get into an actual battle.”

“Is that okay with all of these people here?” she asked. “We’ll tone it down a bit. If we really wanted to go all out, we’d have to find a large valley somewhere.”
My bond chuckled. “True. Very well, I’m also curious to see how well I’ve adjusted to this new form.”
Making our way to the far end of the training grounds near the pond, I launched a slab of earth at my sister.
“Incom—” I stopped my warning as three arrows of mana lodged itself into the slab.
Ellie turned her head back at me with a smirk. “You’re going to have to do better than that, Brother.”
Sylvie and I exchanged glances.
“Looks like I might not get the chance to be hard on her,” I chuckled.
Time passed quickly in the training grounds despite the fact that all I basically did was create targets for my sister. It gave me the chance to really test the limits of what organic magic I could create with my white core. Freeforming spells into odd and sometimes intricate shapes seemed to fascinate the children that had gathered around us to watch the show.
The noble kids would ‘ooh’ and ‘ahh’ as I conjured birds made of ice to skirt around in the air while my sister attempted to shoot them down. Some of these spells weren’t very applicable in battle, but like a pro athlete learning to juggle a ball intricately, it helped me metaphorically stretch my abilities and see what I could and couldn’t do in a set amount of time.
I tried raising earthen soldiers like Olfred was able to do, but after raising about three simple humanoid golems, my control over them faltered to the extent that they began mimicking each other’s movements. Memories of my time with Wren popped up. He was able to control his golems to the point that they acted like sentient beings. Even Olfred, while not as precisely as the asura, was able to conjure and control an army of golems, albeit not as precisely as the asura.
A shame one is forbidden to help while the other is... dead. Not that either would have offered to help had they been here. The thought of them left a bad taste in my mouth.
Rather than dwelling on the past, I focused my attention on the task at hand. It felt rude to train Ellie so half-heartedly when I saw how concentrated she was.
Let’s try kicking things up a notch.
With a wave of my arm, I conjured a current of fire that began twisting and shaping itself into a beastly shape. The ground where its ‘legs’ touched sizzled from the heat as I willed my creation to walk toward Ellie.
Boo, who had been watching beside me, tilted his head in curiosity at the flaming beast that mirrored his form.
“Your offense is good, Ellie, but what happens when a spell that you can’t just shoot down with arrows comes at you?” I called out.
Some of the noble kids a few yards away let out gasps as the instructors let out murmurs of praise.
Ellie’s lips just curled up into a confident grin as she drew her bow. A shimmering arrow manifested, glowing white due to its elementless nature. Just before she let go of the string, however, a slight undulation rippled across the shaft of the mana arrow.
The arrow quickly approached my ‘fire Boo’ with a shriek. I had expected Ellie’s spell to simple pierce through harmlessly, but as the point lodged itself into my spell, the entire arrow exploded in a ray of light, dispersing the flaming beast I had conjured.
I blinked. “That was...”
“Impressive? Superb? Jaw-dropping?” my sister finished, her eyes twinkling.
“Not bad. It was not bad,” I said, rolling my eyes.
“Mhmm.” Ellie sniffled, trying to hide her smile.

The day went on with me moving on from conjuring various elemental targets for her, to testing her body’s defenses. Though I hated to admit it, her ability to conjure a protective layer of mana over her body was flawless and fast enough to rival some of the upperclassmen I had seen at Xyrus. Due to her unnaturally intricate control over her mana, she was able to layer mana in specific portions of her body almost instantly and create a fairly durable panel of mana.
I put the scabbard of Dawn’s Ballad that I had been using to spar with Ellie in close range back inside my ring. “Did you learn close quarters combat with your bow from Helen too?”
My sister fell down on the ground, sweating and panting. “Yup... I read a couple books too that helped, although there weren’t that many.”
“Most archers carry around a dagger or even a light sword around for close combat,” I informed. “But since your archery doesn’t depend on you taking out an arrow from your quiver and nocking it on your bow before firing it, learning how to fend off a few attacks in order give yourself some space for a quick shot was the right decision.”
“Your compliments seem... somewhat dull,” my sister said in between breaths.
“Because that wasn’t a compliment. Don’t get ahead of yourself,” I smirked. “We’ve been drilling for only a few hours. Your stamina needs improvement.”
“That’s... not even fair,” Ellie huffed.
“What your brother means to say is that he’s very proud of your growth,” Sylvie comforted with a smile.
“Woah, no verbally expressing my thoughts!” I protested.
“This was rigged from the start, anyway.” Ellie stuck out a tongue. “I mean, how do you even dodge an arrow shot at point blank—repeatedly.”
“A lance has to be able to do at least that much, right?”
My sister narrowed her eyes, discontent by my reply. “You didn’t even break a sweat.”
“You’ll get there with enough training and experience,” I replied.
Ellie shot a glance to Sylvie before looking back at me. “Speaking of getting enough experience, I was wondering if I can maybe... you know...”
I raised a brow. “I know... what?”
“N-Nevermind,” my sister muttered.
“Ellie,” Sylvie chimed in, shaking her head. “Just say it.”
“Does this have anything to do with what you guys were talking about before I got in the room?” I asked.
“I-I want to start helping out in the war!” my sister said, unable to look me in the eyes.
Even though I saw this coming, my heart still sank.
‘Arthur...’ Sylvie sent, feeling my emotions.
“You said it yourself, or rather you thought it yourself, that I was a lot better,” my sister continued when I didn’t answer. “I’m confident that I’m better than a lot of the soldiers that have been assigned to squads and I’m okay with being in the reserves and since I’m an archer, I’d be in the backline anyway so—”
“Ellie,” I interrupted, kneeling down so I was eye-level with my sister.
With a wave of my hand, a barrier of wind surrounded the four of us. I didn’t feel comfortable having others listening to family conversations.
“I’m not saying no, but I’m not sure if I’m allowed to make this decision for you. Mom or Dad aren’t here and to be honest, we haven’t exactly been on the same track these days,” I said.
“You guys still haven’t made up since before you left to go train?” my sister asked, concern laced in her voice.
“You knew?”
“I’m young, not dumb,” my sister frowned.
“Right. Sorry.”
I looked at my bond, who simply gave me an encouraging smile. Letting out a sigh, I gave in. “How about we go on a mission together once? If you do well, I’ll give you my blessing. I can’t speak for Mom or Dad but I won’t hold you back on it.”
“Okay!” Ellie beamed. “You promised.”
‘That was very fair of you,’ my bond approved.
I shot Sylvie a smile before getting back up. “Anyway, since that’s out of the way. Sylvie, it’s your turn.”





Chapter 207
Chapter 207: Coordination
Although my bond had the appearance of a little girl that was even younger than my sister—if you disregard the two horns sprouting out from her head—she was still an asura.
After having the guards evacuate the small audience that had no intention of continuing their training regardless, I began pouring my mana into the large mana crystal responsible for powering up the defensive mechanisms within the training grounds. A low hum resounded in response and the cavern walls and rounded ceiling glowed dimly. Emily wasn’t here to power up the plate-like sensors she had installed for my previous training so the only functionality available was that of the barrier.
My sister was the only other person still inside the training room, but I had her stay near the entrance behind Boo in the rare case that one of our spells accidentally hit her.
“Do I really have to stay this far when you two are just practicing? I can hardly see you guys even with mana-enhanced sight!” Ellie shouted out a complaint as she peeked her head out from behind her bond.
Ignoring my sister, I continued to stretch out my body, making sure to be extra diligent while stretching my legs.
“Are you not going to stretch? Better yet, do you even need to stretch?” I questioned my bond, who was standing perfectly still while watching me.
“Considering I can barely use this body for basic daily functions, I’m a bit hesitant to try anything more,” Sylvie replied, frowning.
“Better to practice now than in the middle of battle, right?” I countered, balancing on one leg as I stretched my aching thigh.
Sylvie let out a sigh. “Very well.”
My bond attempted to mirror my pose, only to stumble. After a few more minutes of her violently swinging her arms to try and keep her balance as we went through a series of stretches, we began our training.
“So, how do you want to go about this?” I asked. Having only seen her use her superior body to fight alongside me or use vivum to heal me, I had no idea as to how she planned on fighting in her humanoid form.
“Stay there for a bit,” she replied, raising her arm and pointing an open palm in my direction.
Without warning, a missile of light shot toward me.
My eyes widened in surprise but I quickly reacted by coating my hand in mana and swatting the missile away.
“A mana arrow?” I looked at the shallow cut on the side of my palm. Despite the spell being similar to Ellie’s mana arrows in a way, her attack was much denser—almost solid.
“Ellie’s use of elementless mana provided me with a few ideas on how to best take advantage of my traits,” she answered, sending another arrow of mana my way after a moment of preparation.

This time the ‘arrow’, or more accurately a harpoon, judging by the size of the shining projectile, shot in a slight arc towards me rather than in a straight line like the previous one.
Wanting to verify my curiosity, I made no attempt to block or dodge the incoming spell. Instead, coating my hand in a thick layer of mana, I grabbed Sylvie’s mana harpoon.
The speed of her spell jerked my arm back but I held on firmly. I had expected it to disperse immediately, but it remained in my hand even while I was gripping down on it with sufficient force to shatter a rock.
After becoming a white core mage and practicing organic magic, I could tell that although Sylvie may have gotten the idea of her attack from watching Ellie, but the composition of the two spells couldn’t be any more different.
The raw power of her attack isn’t that high but in order to pack so much mana so densely into this form so quickly...
My mind wandered off as I contemplated all of the possible applications of my bond’s magic. By the time I looked back at my hand, the mana arrow had disappeared.
“Mana manipulation for dragons is limited to pure mana only, right?” I confirmed.
“If you don’t take into account my race’s ability to manipulate aether, yes,” Sylvie said. “Although there’s something else...”
“What is it?” I asked, curious.
“I’m not quite sure myself. After being in this form, I’ve been able to get a better grasp of my core, yet there’s a part of it that I can’t seem to access,” she answered.
“Maybe you’ll be able to access it once you get stronger,” I said. “For now, let’s see how versatile your control over pure mana is.”
I launched a dozen fire arrows with a swing of an arm. The streaks of fire spread out before converging back into a single target directed at my bond.
Before my attack landed, a shimmering barrier of light enveloped Sylvie, covering her in fire and dust from the ground around her.
“Try to create individual panels to block each projectile,” I barked out, sending out another wave of fire arrows.
Sylvie’s brows knit in concentration as she managed to conjure a large sphere of pure mana from her palm that separated into multiple panes to block my spells.
By then, though, I had already closed the distance between us and had the broken blade of Dawn’s Ballad pressed against her arm.
However, rather than flesh, my blade had met a patch of black scales that appeared from beneath her skin.
Despite my attack’s failure, Sylvie seemed to have been genuinely surprised by my follow up.

I sheathed my broken sword back into its scabbard and gave my evaluation. “Your control over pure mana is excellent and considering how dense your spells are, it seems your mana reserves are quite big. Your innate body provides good physical defense even if you are a bit slow.”
Although Sylvie held in her smile, I could tell through our bond how proud she was feeling.
“Still, I don’t think your attacks are strong enough to threaten retainers and scythes,” I continued. “What else have you noticed about this form compared to your draconic form?”
Sylvie thought for a moment. “My innate defenses are a bit weaker in this form. You held that strike back but if you had attacked me seriously with Dawn’s Ballad, I would’ve lost a limb.”

“Good to know.” I nodded. “Anything else?”
“My control over mana is better in this form, but my dragon form allows me to utilize more of my mana in a single breath—albeit a more unrefined form,” my bond explained, twirling several orbs of mana around her hand as if to emphasize her point.
“I see,” I muttered taking a few steps back. “There are a couple more things I want to test out, Sylv. Can you conjure a square pane in front of me?”
I could feel her curiosity flare up but I hid my intentions from my bond.
With a twitch of her wrist, the spheres of mana that had been orbiting her hand shot out and converged into a bigger orb before flattening out into a flat square.
“Keep it stable,” I ordered, reeling my fist back.
I punched Sylvie’s panel of mana and while it trembled from the impact, it stayed where it was.
“What about distance? How far can you conjure a spell and keep control over it?”
She didn’t answer, instead, she stretched out a hand and willed the panel of mana that I had just punched away. The spell changed into a spherical form as it hurled toward the back wall of the room. Sylvie then closed her outstretched hand into a fist, suspending the orb in midair.
“Move it left,” I ordered, concentrating on the shining orb.
Upon Sylvie’s direction, the orb easily darted left and stopped just before it hit the wall.
I gave another order. “Bring it back, change the shape of it into an arrow.”
I led Sylvie into a series of exercises, gradually adding more orbs and having her manage them until there were ten orbs, five of which I had instructed Sylvie to change into a flat panel. By the end of the drill, Sylvie was sweating profusely, but I had a pretty good idea on how we were going to coordinate in battles.

<p class="p1">***
Four days had passed in the blink of an eye. I spent the majority of the day in the training grounds, drilling with Ellie and Sylvie until the two of them were mentally and physically drained. It was a great change of pace for myself as well and I felt my control over my white core steadily improve. While Sylvie had yet to ‘unlock’ more of her abilities hidden away in her core, and we hadn’t had the chance to attempt at any sort of coordinated fighting together, she and my sister had still improved greatly under my scrutinizing tutelage. After our morning drills of target hitting for my sister and multitasking with ten or more mana spheres for my bond, we took a break.
Sylvie, Ellie, Boo and I rested near the grassy patch beside the pond, eating the sandwiches brought to us by a hulking woman that was apparently a chef inside the castle.
“Hey, Art,” my sister called as she absentmindedly picked the vegetables off her sandwich. “What would you say are the biggest drawbacks of fighting using pure mana? From what I’ve seen while you and Sylvie were practicing these past few days, her spells seemed really versatile, even against all of your elemental attacks.”
“Stop picking them out and just eat it,” I chided, gently slapping her hand. “And to answer your question, I can think of three big reasons why most mages prefer to use magic of their elemental affinity rather than just pure mana spells. First reason is that it uses up a lot of your mana reserves.”
“More so than elemental spells?” Ellie interrupted.
“Pure mana can only come from your mana core, which—as you know from experience—is often time consuming to gather and purify. Elemental magic also uses mana from your core but it’s also powered by the ambient mana that consists of all of the elements,” I explained.
Ellie’s brows furrowed as she tried to wrap her head around the concept. “I’m not sure I follow.”
I thought for a moment, trying to come up with an appropriate analogy. “Ah, so it’s kind of like this. Imagine I’m on top of a snowy hill and I’m trying to hit you, who’s at the bottom, with a snowball.”
“Why am I the one getting hit?” she frowned.
I looked at her with a deadpan expression. Sylvie chuckled beside me as she tossed a sandwich to Ellie’s drooling bond.
“Okay, okay. Please continue.”
“A mage using elemental magic would first make a snowball with his hands but instead of just throwing it, he would roll it down the hill so that the snowball picks up more snow from the ground. By the time it hits you, we’ll say the snowball turned into the size of Boo,” I continued.
Boo let out grunt upon hearing his name but quickly turned his attention back to Sylvie, who was the only one feeding him.
“Now, a mage using a pure mana spell of the same ‘power’ will have to make the snowball and pack it with more and more snow until it’s the size of Boo before throwing it down at you. See the difference?”
“That sounds like a lot of work,” Ellie admitted. “Okay, what are the other reasons?”
“It’s harder to effectively control pure mana once it’s been expelled from your body, and”—deciding it’d be easier to just show her the last reason, I willed a field of stone spikes to shoot out from the ground a few dozen yards from where we were—“unlike what I did just now, pure mana spells must originate from the caster.”
Just by looking at my sister, I could see that the proverbial light seemed to have lit up in her head.
“Anyway, since we’ve taken a break, why not continue a little longer?” I suggested, getting up.
“Yes!” Ellie agreed, bolting up as well. “Hey Sylvie, can you do what you did earlier and make those moving panels? I want to try to hit them!”
“Sure,” My bond smiled. “Shoot some mana arrows off course so I can practice reacting as well!”
A smile escaped my lips as I watched the two run off when the doors to the training room opened once more. A single guard came running in, and just by his expression, I knew it wasn’t good.
Sylvie and Ellie’s eyes followed the guard that stopped in front of me and saluted before speaking.
“General Arthur! News of a massive corrupted beast horde has come from the Wall. Commander Virion is currently waiting for you in the dock with a team of mages to go with you as back up.”





Chapter 208
Chapter 208: Enemy Territory II
CIRCE MILVIEW
Alacryan
“Please... Maeve! I need a break,” I begged the caster in between ragged breaths.
Looking behind me, I saw Cole just a few paces away running desperately to keep up with us. Suddenly, Maeve, who had been pulling me by the arm, stopped. I barely managed to avoid colliding with her when she let go of me and pointed up at large tree. “Let’s take cover here.”
Fatigue weighing down my body, Maeve hoisted me up the tree while Cole barely managed to push himself up onto the lowest branch. The strenuous task of climbing up high enough on the tree to stay hidden took the better half of an hour.
Finally satisfied, Cole leaned back against the trunk of the tree, her legs dangling in the air. I peeled out of Fane’s oversized silver breastplate so that my sweat-drenched shirt could dry off a little.
The three of us remained silent, each doing whatever task they deemed more important to them. After eating a few strips of dried meat, Cole immediately set a barrier around us while Maeve cycled mana.
As for me, I knew what I had to do, but I couldn’t bring myself to do it. Instead I turned to where Cole and Maeve were and asked hesitantly. “D-Do you think Fane made it out?”
Maeve opened one eye—just one eye—but the anger that exuded out of that eye made me wince. Cole shuffled over and sat between Maeve and I so we weren’t in direct eye contact of each other. “Circe. Focus on the mission. Can you use True Sense yet?”
Cole’s voice was soft and gentle, yet his expression had hardened to a point where he looked like a different person compared to when I had first met him back in Alacrya.
I nodded my head and prepared myself, but when I closed my eyes, the scene from earlier today still flashed like it was still happening right now.
It was all my fault. If I hadn’t gone off from the camp.
There was no one there when I checked. I just wanted to wash my clothes in the stream.
I rattled on more reasons in my head. The stream we had passed by was less than a hundred yards from where we were hiding. I double—no, triple—checked using my crest to make sure there was no one within my heightened range of awareness. Throughout our journey, our whole group made extra precautions to hide our trail. We had even dug holes into the ground every time we did our ‘business’ and covered it back up with dirt and foliage.
So, how? How did I get caught on my way back to the camp?
If I hadn’t kept my crest active, I would’ve led the elves straight to where the rest of the group was hiding.
I thought that I was in the clear after throwing them off. I ran for over an hour in the opposite direction before circling back to where Fane, Maeve, and Cole were.

Still, by the expression on everyone’s expression after I had told them what happened, I knew it wasn’t as simple as that.
Fane immediately ripped off my outer robe and gave me his silver chestplate for me to wear. Maeve cursed and turned away while Cole slumped, crestfallen.
I didn’t know what was happening back then. It was only Fane that gave me a gentle smile and said goodbye. The same Fane that had the personality of a poked snake tousled my hair and told Maeve and Cole to protect me.
Draping my robe over his shoulders, he dropped down from the tree we were hiding in and ran off.
Confused, I had almost called out after the veteran striker of our team, only to have Maeve cover my mouth with her hand. ‘We can’t have the elves suspecting that someone is out there. Do you understand? That’s why Fane has to go pretend to be you,’ Maeve had hissed into my ear.
<p class="p1">***
I snapped back to reality when I felt a hand on my shoulder. Cole mustered a smile and mouthed for me to hurry.
Gritting my teeth and praying that Fane would survive, I closed my eyes again and ignited my emblem. For a split second, as I felt my consciousness leaving my body, I was tempted to focus my limited time in this form to search for Fane.
Snap out of it, Circe. The mission. Focus on the mission.
I navigated through the perception-debilitating fog that was native to this area using True Sense and locked in on multiple elements this time.
My heart thumped at the sight of the rich ambient mana particles in the distance.
We’re almost there!
Unable to keep True Sense active for much longer, I released the spell and let out a deep breath. Slowly opening my eyes, I saw both Cole and Maeve staring at me intently.
Despite the guilt and fatigue pressing down on me, I allowed a small grin. “We’re almost there. Just a few more days away at our pace now.”
With my words boosting the overall morale of our small team, we decided to make haste. I put Fane’s silver chestplate back on despite its weight restricting my speed. Without Fane with us as our vanguard, I knew I’d need every advantage I can get. After all, I’ve been drilled enough by my team members to know that everything we’ve done so far would’ve been for naught if I were to die.
Still, dangerous thoughts of assuming that another sentry would succeed invaded my mind. I wasn’t a hero. I wasn’t like Fane or Maeve that had trained for years to handle these sort of situations. Even Cole, while only a few years older than me, had quite a bit of experience hunting beasts in the scouting teams back in Alacrya.
Me? I had barely graduated before I was recruited for this mission. A few weeks ago, before stepping through that highly unstable portal into this continent, I was still packing up my belongings in my assigned school housing so I could go back home to my blood.
Stumbling on a tree root snapped me out of my thoughts. Thankfully, Maeve was able to grab my arm and stop me from actually falling flat on my face on the ground.
The caster shot me a glare but didn’t say anything. We weren’t running particularly fast and the sun had yet to go down so she knew I just wasn’t paying attention.
Gnashing my teeth together, I did my best to push away any useless thoughts as we hastened our pace in the direction I was leading them.

I have to survive. For my younger brother.
I repeated those words in my mind like a mantra. The great Vritra will be able to save my brother and bless him with magic so that he could lead a prosperous life if I succeed.
A mental ring that notified me whenever a new presence entered my range of perception roused me out of my reverie. I stopped in my tracks and held out an arm with two fingers to stop Maeve and Cole as well.

They immediately understood the signal and we immediately climbed up the closest tree. Unable to strengthen my body like Cole and Maeve, I scrambled for the lowest branch. In my rush, my foot slipped on a moss-covered root.
My head hit the trunk with a dull thud that sounded like an explosion within this quiet forest. I didn’t even care about the pain. The huge blunder that I had caused made my heart drop.
Did they hear that? Is it over?
A thousand more thoughts flashed through my mind until I finally noticed the translucent tint around me and the blurred view on the other side of Cole’s barrier.
Great Vritra, that was close! I breathed, making a mental note to thank Cole for the nice save.
“Hurry!” Maeve urged while Cole focused on reinforcing his barrier.
I quickly grabbed the caster’s outstretched hand and used her help to pull myself up onto the branch. My heart felt as if it were about to break out of my ribcage as my breathing grew more erratic, but I didn’t have the time or luxury to gather myself.
Maeve had already climbed up a few feet higher. I followed close, using the same handholds and footholds she had used to climb up the tree while Cole took the rear.
The three of us had to be extra careful as we traversed up the giant tree. Going too fast meant that we might shake leaves off the branches which might give away our position.
My arms ached and my legs trembled, half out of fatigue and half out of fear. I desperately wished my mark had allowed some form of body enhancement but I knew hoping for that now was stupid.
Finally, Maeve stopped at a particular branch and helped me up. The branches this high up were too thin for all of us to be on one altogether, so we each sat on our own tree limb and hugged the trunk in order to lessen the burden on our seats.
Cole, who was about to strengthen his barrier stopped on my signal.
“I’ll tell you when they’re close enough,” I whispered. We needed his barrier at its full power if they got near.
The two presences were heading toward us but were still a few hundred feet away. I narrowed the focus of my second crest and with it, I was able to faintly hear the two elves talking.
“We should head back, Albold. We’ve already strayed far enough from our survey route,” one voice said.
“Just a second,” the second voice, Albold, replied lightheartedly.

“You probably just heard a forest hare or something,” the first voice said.
“It wasn’t really a sound,” the elf named Albold said as he continued approaching where we were hiding. “It was more like an inkling.”
“I swear, if you weren’t a Chaffer, I would’ve just left,” the first said. “Either way, it’s good to have you back—quirks and all.”
“Thanks. Double thanks for promising not to tell our head about this little ‘detour’,” Albold said with a soft chuckle as he continued to lead his partner closer to our location.
“We can only afford a little detour,” the partner stressed. “That damned Alacryan is still on the loose. How are they even this far up north, anyway?”
I bit down on my lips but a smile still managed to escape. He’s alive!
“If I knew, we wouldn’t be out here like this,” Albold scoffed.
Prying myself away from the perceptions of my crest, I turned to Cole and nodded. He nodded back and tightened his veiling barrier to barely encompass the three of us. Tightening the area of effect strengthened his magic allowed him the spare mana to add two more layers of barriers
I ignited my crest once more and focused my entire magic on the two elves approaching. They were less than fifty feet away now.
Please, Vritra, let them just pass like the other scouts.
I wiped away the sweat rolling down my face every several seconds in fear that the drops might fall down and wet the ground.
I held my breath as well. I knew it wasn’t necessary. I knew the barrier would mask most of the noises made but even Cole and Maeve were as still as the tree we were perched on.
Holding up both my hands, I mouthed ‘ten feet’ to my teammates. Cole swallowed hard and Maeve’s expression turned even more fierce.
I looked down at the base of the tree, hoping—praying for them to not to come into view.
The snap of a twig nearby made stiffen. I looked at Cole and Maeve but both of them were focused intently on the ground below us.
Then we saw them. The two elves. One had long hair tied tightly behind his neck while the other one had cropped hair and ears slightly longer than his comrade. Unlike the long-haired elf that was looking around aimlessly, the short-haired one kept his head down as he walked.
The latter slowed his pace, his head still dipped down like he had lost a coin on the ground.
Please, just keep walking.
Please.
He was now adjacent to the tree we were on.
I let out a sigh when suddenly, the elf’s head jerked left. He looked at the base of the tree.
More accurately, he was looking at the moss on the root. The moss that I had stepped and slipped on.
The fear that I had been pushing down bubbled up, threatening to swallow me.
Please.
The short-haired elf stopped walking and his head turned up until I could make out his face... and his eyes... that seemed to be looking directly at me.





Chapter 209
Chapter 209: Deployed
ARTHUR LEYWIN
“I’m going with you!” Ellie’s voice sounded from behind.
I stopped in my tracks and the guard beside me halted as well. Turning back to lock eyes with my sister, I struggled to hold down the words, ‘it’s too dangerous.’
Sylvie had already read what I wanted to say but she stayed quiet beside me.
“You promised, remember?” Ellie’s gaze remained resolute as she walked to me.
“A massive horde of corrupted beasts,” I muttered softly.
“You’ll be with me,” she answered immediately. “And I’ll have the protection of the Wall.”
‘I understand your dilemma but this is a good opportunity,’ Sylvie chimed in. ‘I’ll be with her as well and casting arrows from the top of the Wall is little more than target practice for her.’
But what if the beasts break through?
‘I know you won’t let that happen,’ she answered with a soothing wave of confidence.
The guard beside me scratched his head and kept shifting his gaze toward the exit impatiently. “General Arthur...”
“We’re going,” I stated as I began walking toward the training ground exit once again.
Looking back over my shoulder, I called out to my sister. “What are you doing? Let’s go.”
Ellie visibly brightened as a contagious smile blossomed on her face. She followed after me in a full run. “Come on, Boo!”
Immediately outside of the training grounds there was an unfamiliar mage with a large sparrow-like bird perched on his shoulder, stood, waiting. After making eye contact, he respectfully inclined his head. “Greetings, General Arthur. I am Officer Julor Strejin. A member of my squad surveying the Beast Glades was the one to spot the horde. I will be briefing you of the situation at the Wall.”
“Officer Julor,” I acknowledged with a nod.
Without wasting any time, the officer began informing me of everything that I was expected to know. Two other mages—both highly-accomplished adventurers before joining the army—would be accompanying us as additional support to the Wall. The best estimate on the size of the beast horde was somewhere close to twenty thousand. Although a majority seemed to be from D-class to B-class, there were several A-class and even quite a bit of S-class mana beasts spotted.
“Unfortunately, we weren’t able to get too close because of the Alacryan mages, but we spotted at least a dozen S-class mana beasts,” Julor stated solemnly.
I looked back at Ellie. “A dozen S-class mana beasts. And the fact that they’re corrupted means they’ll be even stronger and more fierce.”

Ellie’s face paled but her expression remained firm. “I’ll be okay.”
My determined, talented, yet sheltered, sister has definitely never seen a mana beast besides the tamed bonds in Xyrus when she was younger. I doubted she could even fathom how scary an S-class beast was but here I was, leading her straight into not only one, but a dozen... along with several thousands of other beasts.
‘They’re only mana beasts, Arthur,’ Sylvie comforted.
Right, I responded back mentally.
I turned to Julor. “Any signs of retainers or scythes, Officer?”
“None,” he replied confidently. “Which was why Commander Virion deemed that just sending a single lance was necessary.”
“Okay. How many days do we have until the horde reaches the Wall?” I asked.
“By the pace that they’re marching, we expect them to arrive in no more than two days time,” he answered before shooting a glance at where Sylvie and my sister were. I could tell he was about to say something but he held his tongue.
We walked in silence for the remainder of our small walk until we reached the docking room. It was relatively quiet inside the usually-bustling space. Besides the several workers strapping saddles on giant hawk-like mana beasts, I could only see Virion with a small entourage when we had arrived.
“Arthur!” Virion called out, his once-cheerful disposition had faded, instead replaced by war-weary eyes. Beside him were two mage soldiers and a few maids behind them.
“Commander.” I saluted before walking up to the old elf.
“I’m sure Officer Julor informed you of the situation so let me quickly introduce you to the two mages I’ve chosen to support you at the Wall. “This is Callum Hembril. He’s young, barely past thirty, but already an accomplished fire conjurer in the solid-yellow core stage.”
The chestnut-haired mage stepped forward, his long coiled bangs covering his forehead. He had an inquisitive look on him that he quickly covered with an amiable smile. “Callum, as introduced by the commander. Pleasure.”
Virion stuck a thumb back at the figure a few feet behind Callum. “This big lug here is a dark-yellow core augmenter, but he’s been out on the fields of the Beast Glades for over forty years.”
The barrel-chested man that stood almost a foot over me and twice my girth was covered from the neck down in heavy plate armor that glowed dully. He had short hair and his lower face was dark with stubbles. With a piercing gaze that seemed to be assessing every inch of my body, he stretched out a hand toward me. “Gavik Lund.”
I shook his hand that seemed almost as wide as Boo’s paws, before turning back to Virion. “So, what’s the plan?” By those mounts getting ready, I’m assuming we’re traveling by air?”
“Mhmm. Those are Callum’s and Gavin’s mounts,” Virion informed. “The closest teleportation gate is in Blackbend City and the train hasn’t yet been fully finished. It’s fortunate that the Castle’s location is relatively close to the Wall.”
I turned to my bond. “I can fly myself. Do you think you’ll be able to carry Ellie while holding Boo?”
Finally grasping the situation, Boo let out a moan of protest.
“If the trip isn’t too long, I’ll be able to manage,” Sylvie answered, ignoring my sister’s giant bond.
“Wait, the little kid and her pet cub is coming along?” Gavik asked with a scowl. “Commander, is that wise? There will be a massive army of mana beasts.”
“She’s an adept conjurer that’ll be valuable to have stationed on the wall,” I cut in. “And since when was it okay to refer to a general’s sister as a ‘little kid’?”

Gavik, despite being about three times my age, blanched.
“My... apologies,” he muttered. “Didn’t know she was your sister, General Arthur.”
Virion’s expression was laced in worry, but he didn’t comment on Ellie going with me. Instead, he waved over the attendants that were standing behind him. They walked up carrying a large wooden chest with runes etched into its entire surface. “Anyways, before you leave, I prepared a little something. It’s not much, but I think wearing something a bit more eye-catching might help with the level of morale at the Wall.”

Virion placed a hand on the lid and the runes lit up before opening with a click. Several compartments popped out of the chest to reveal an entirely new outfit for me.
“Jand, Brune, help the General get dressed,” Virion ordered. Before I could protest, his attendants had grabbed me and led me to the side of the room where a dressing stall had been conveniently set up beforehand.
The male immediately began undressing me while the lady attendant started working on my hair. After brushing it, she tied the back neatly and trimmed my bangs.
I should cut my hair soon, I noted mentally. My hair had gotten long enough to reach past my shoulders. If it wasn’t for my height and relatively broad shoulders, I could easily have been mistaken for a girl from the back.
‘And from the front,’ my bond added, her thoughts invading into mine. ‘You’re prettier than some of the noble females I’ve seen in the Castle.’
I groaned internally. Yeah... I should definitely cut my hair soon.
As soon as my hair had been tamed, they got to work on the outfit. I wore a black high-collared shirt that conveniently covered the burn marks on my neck that I had gotten from the first retainer that I had fought against. Trousers that felt surprisingly thick despite its lightness fell tight below my knees, which were designed intentionally so that the thin dark-gray greaves could comfortably slip over my shins.
The attendants then equipped braces of the same material and color of my greaves over my arms before slipping on tight, fingerless gloves over my hands.
While the appearance of the outfit was a tad over the top with its intricate trimmings and engraved armor on my shins and forearms, Virion knew precisely what sort of armor would best suit me. While protection was minimal, the braces and greaves would allow me some form of defense while leaving my movements unimpeded.
“The last touch, General Arthur,” the male attendant announced as he carefully draped a waist-long mantle over me that was lined in white fur.
I walked out of the dressing stall, and despite the thicker layers of clothing I had changed into, my body felt freer and lighter than it had before. Callum and Gavik had already hopped onto their mounts, ready to depart.
“Ah! Much better,” Virion said with an approving nod.
“Where’d my brother go?” my sister teased as she looked around the room.
I rolled my eyes, making my way back to the commander, who was wearing a gray fur-lined coat that fell just below his ankles over his usual loose robe. “You really like your furs.”
“That mantle is an old piece of mine that I wore back when I was younger,” Virion said, his eyes growing softer as if he was reminiscing of the past. “Although it doesn’t look as good on you as it did on me, I’ll let you have it.”
I raised a brow in surprise. “Thank you for the outfit.”
He smirked. “Thank me by keeping the Wall from falling.”
“Will do.”

The large bifold doors that took up an entire wall opened, letting in a constant rush of air as the floor below us slowly slid out toward the large exit. I motioned for Sylvie and my sister to follow as I made my way toward the edge of the castle. My bond soon caught up, walking behind me with Ellie and Boo in tow.
I relished the beautiful sight of the sky below us. “I forget sometimes how high up the Castle is in the sky!”
“Tell me about it! At least we can’t see how far up we are because of the clouds below,” my sister shouted over the sound of the wind.
I let out a laugh. “Just be sure to hold onto Sylvie tightly!”
“I won’t drop you,” my bond reassured.
Boo let out another groan.
Sylvie shook her head. “I won’t drop either of you.”
The sight of Callum and Gavik on their mounts whizzed by. The tamed mana beasts dove off the edge of the dock before reappearing into view with wings spread out.
“Let’s go!” I shouted as I ran toward the edge.
Sylvie began glowing as she transformed into her draconic form. “Jump, Ellie!” she shouted, her voice a pitch deeper than it was before.
I watched the obsidian dragon sail above the clouds with Ellie on her back and Boo in her clawed hands.
Using the sound of Ellie’s screams as the cue, I jumped off the edge as well, following the rest.
<p class="p1">***
How are you holding up? I asked my bond, whose speed seemed to be getting slower.
‘It seems that, despite all of my magical and physical capabilities, I wasn’t designed to be an efficient mode of delivery,’ she replied, looking down at the large bear that had fallen asleep while dangling in Sylvie’s arms.
Several hours had passed since our departure and besides the gorgeous views of the sky and clouds, it was a boring journey. We had settled into a comfortable speed heading southeast with Callum and Gavik leading just a few dozen yards ahead. After my sister’s initial excitement—and Boo’s terror—of flying had died down, the two had fallen asleep, one on Sylvie’s back and the other in her hands.
Ahead, Callum conjured a bright flare and signaled that we were descending. The two mages then led their avian steeds below the sea of clouds, both disappearing from view.
Looks like we’re almost there. You’ll be able to get some rest once we land, I conveyed to my bond before following after Callum and Gavik.
The shroud of wind I had cast over my body kept all of the moisture from the clouds away from me but Ellie wasn’t as fortunate. As I watched Sylvie descend through the thick layer of water vapor, I couldn’t help but chuckle at the sight of my sister awake, drenched and grumpy. Boo’s thick fur was drench and matted down to his skin, making him look scrawnier than what I had imagined.
I shot a smirk at my sister, but her gaze was glued below, jaw agape.
‘Arthur. Look down,’ Sylvie sent along with a wave of concern.
I peered down, the layer of mist thin enough for me to finally see through. And what I saw was truly a sight to behold.
I could only describe it as a sea. A sea of black and gray that was made up of what could only be the corrupted beasts. We were several miles above ground and the beast horde was still more than a day away, at the least, but already my chest clenched in suspense.
Callum and Gavik had both stopped their descent to behold the sight below, exchanging concerned glances with one another every few seconds.
The Wall, the fortress housing close to several hundred mages and soldiers, responsible for keeping this beast army at bay, looked tiny—insignificant—in comparison.
I could feel heart speeding and my blood boiling to the extent that my hands were trembling.
Sylvie’s presence seeped into my mind, snapping me out of my reverie. ‘Arthur. You’re smiling.’





Chapter 210
Chapter 210: Awaiting the Horde
We arrived at the ground level of the Wall, where a small welcoming team was waiting for us around the designated landing podium.
Sylvie, after dropping Boo on the ground, transformed back to her human form.
“Ahh—oof!” my sister let out as she fell into my arms. “Couldn’t you have used wind magic to like... I don’t know... gently float me down to the ground?”
I looked down at her with a smirk. “I thought all girls wanted to be carried this way at one point in their lives.”
“Gross,” Ellie groaned as she rolled out of my arms, landing deftly on her feet. As she dusted herself off, she looked around for the first time, only to start blushing as her eyes scanned our surroundings.
‘Arthur,’ Sylvie nudged mentally from beside me.
I pried my gaze from my sister to realize that there was a crowd forming, silent and expectant. Callum and Gavik had already handed their mounts off to the beastkeepers and were awaiting orders.
“L-Let go of me, idiot brother!” Ellie whispered.
Dropping her on her feet, I teased, “Are you embarrassed of your brother?”
“General Arthur,” a familiar voice called out. I turned to see Captain Trodius Flamesworth with both Albanth and Jesmiya on either side of him. Upon making eye contact, the three of them inclined their heads respectfully.
Rather than addressing the captains first, I swept my gaze through the crowd. Most of the people appeared to be the merchants or workers who worked within the Wall, rather than the soldiers.
You should’ve stayed in your draconic form, Sylvie.
‘They’re staring at you, not me,’ my bond responded with a faint smile.
To keep the morale high, the soldiers most likely did not inform them of how large the enemy force was, but even then, their eyes were filled with worry. It seemed that having a boy the age of many of their children as backup didn’t particularly fill them with confidence. Some of them were even mumbling to their neighbors about whether or not I was really a lance.
I let out a heavy breath and ignited Realmheart. Power surged through my limbs and the world shifted into a colorless scene aside from mana particles that lit up around me. While the runes glowing on my body were covered by my clothes, it was obvious that the change in my hair and eyes stunned the crowd.
There were gasps that could be heard even from where I was standing and many of the people in the crowd buckled, unable to bear the pressure of my aura—even with me holding back.
“While my presence in this fortress may be unnecessary, my only wish is to expedite our victory with as little loss to our forces as possible,” I stated with my head held high.
The people in the crowd erupted into cheers and shouts as I walked toward Trodius and the two captains beside him.

Suppressing my dragon will, I returned to my normal auburn-haired form to greet the senior captain in charge of the Wall.
“Senior Captain Trodius Flamesworth.” I held out a gloved hand. “I didn’t think I’d have the pleasure of meeting you again so soon.”
The senior captain shook my hand with a tired smile and waited as I repeated the same gesture to the other two captains.
“General,” Jesmiya said curtly.
Albanth removed his armored gauntlet and shook my hand. “General Arthur. Pleasure to have you here.”
“Let’s head to the meeting room,” I declared, matching my pace with the large armored man in charge of the Bulwark Division, whose main duty was to defend the Wall. “My younger sister would like to contribute in this battle. Her skills as a magic archer should be of use to your troops. If you’d like to test her out...”
“No need for that, General. A lance’s word is plenty enough for me and my men,” Captain Albanth responded resolutely. “I’ll also have my most capable soldier guiding her.”
“Benjamin!” Without stopping, Albanth beckoned for a messenger and had him fetch the guard.
“I don’t need a babysitter, you know,” my sister complained, walking up to me. “I still have the pendant you gave me and Mom, remember?”
Ellie pulled out the phoenix wyrm pendant I had gotten her and Mother on Ellie’s twelfth birthday.
“I’ve let you come on this mission as I promised, but you’re not allowed to say anything about me taking extra precautions,” I chided. “That pendant only works once and it’s not something I can easily acquire again.”
By the time our small group had arrived at the familiar meeting tent, the soldier that had been beckoned for by Albanth was already there.
“Stella,” Albanth called out. “This is General Arthur’s younger sister...”
“Eleanor Leywin,” my sister finished with a salute.
“Eleanor Leywin. She’s a capable magic archer that I’ll leave under your direct care,” the captain of the Bulwark Division ordered. “Make sure she’s properly equipped before taking her to the top level.”
If the woman named Stella was discontent with being stuck protecting my sister, she did a great job of hiding it. Her scarred face was expressionless as she held her helmet in one hand and a mace in the other.
“Yes, Captain,” the soldier barked, clicking her armored heels. “Please follow me, Lady Eleanor.”
“Please. Just Eleanor, or even soldier, is fine.” My sister scratched her head in frustration as she followed after Stella.
“My apologies for having one of your soldiers guard my sister like this. She was rather adamant about serving and I thought the Wall would be a safe place to start.”
“Normally, I’d agree with you. But with the size and strength of this beast army approaching, I can’t say that for sure,” Albanth responded.

<p class="p1">***

After everyone had settled into their seats around the table, we started the strategy meeting. Those present were Senior Captain Trodius, Captain Jesmiya, Captain Albanth, Callum, Gavik, Sylvie and myself.
“While discussing battle strategy is important, I believe getting a better understanding of our troops currently at the Wall, out in the Beast Glades, and those arriving should take precedence,” Trodius began.
With a silver croupier’s rake, the senior captain began sliding markers around the large map spread out on the table.
“Each large marker represents a thousand troops and small, a hundred. Does this look about right?” Trodius confirmed with Jesmiya and Albanth.
“Not including the freelance adventurers currently under my wing, we have just bit shy of two thousand,” Albanth confirmed.
Jesmiya used her sheathed sword to move around a few smaller pieces around in the territory of the Beast Glades. “One of my scouting units returned a few minutes before General Arthur arrived. The head will be joining us shortly to report.”
“Thank you,” Trodius said with a nod. “We have a few more adventurers making their way here but their numbers won’t be greater than a hundred so these will be what we have to make do with. General Arthur, I’ve heard many praises from Commander Virion about your strategic abilities. Would you like to offer a plan of action?”
Both Albanth and Jesmiya regarded me with surprise, most likely at the fact that I was not only proficient in combat but in military tactics as well.
I shook my head. “I’m unfamiliar of the inner workings of the Wall and its residents. I think it’d be best if you take charge, though I may offer some suggestions here and there.”
“Noted,” Trodius replied promptly before moving on to his plan.
While I bore little fondness for the man that had tossed his own daughter aside like a broken toy, I had to admit that Trodius’ efficient and callous nature adapted well into his position of power.
The basic premise of his plan was to slay as many of the corrupted beasts as possible before they reached the Wall. This meant that there would be several units sent out as cannon fodder out of range from the mages stationed on the Wall.
Trodius continued on with his plan, moving pieces around the map to indicate four units that would take a more roundabout way in their approach toward the beast horde.
“I believe our main advantage against the approaching enemy is that they do not appear to have a strategy, outside of marching through the doors with a few Alacryan mages to herd them in place.” the senior captain voiced, moving two large pieces on either side of the Wall. “Thus, while we send in a steady stream of normal soldiers and augmenters from the Bulwark Division to impede enemy movement, two units of the Trailblazer Division will move out early and get in position to flank on either side.”
The senior captain paused for a moment before speaking again. “With enough rounds of concentrated attacks on both the front and the sides, by the time the beast horde is in range of the mages at the Wall, the conjurers stationed with the help of General Arthur should be enough to finish it off.”
Captain Albanth looked blatantly dissatisfied with the plan of sending in his soldiers to their death while even Captain Jesmiya was thoroughly studying the map for a better alternative when I spoke up.
Something feels off.
‘While the lives of the soldiers sent out aren’t cheap, this plan seems fairly reasonable,’ Sylvie rebutted, staring at the map as well.

No, not that.
“General Arthur? Is something the matter?” Trodius asked.
“Huh?” I looked up to see all three of the captains, as well as the mages that had I come with staring at me.
“Your finger.” The senior captain pointed at my right hand. Unknowingly, I had been tapping my finger on the table.
“My apologies. I was just thinking.”
Trodius’ brow twitched. “If you are dissatisfied with the plan that I have offered—”
“No it’s not that.” I interrupted, raising my hand. “Whether this is a good or bad strategy, I’m not quite sure yet. However, I feel like this attack will most likely be their last on this front.”
“What do you mean?” Captain Albanth asked.
“The Alacryans have been sending a steady stream of corrupted beasts to the Wall along with their mages, and while effective, thinking from a strategic standpoint, that isn’t a feasible long-term strategy,” I answered.
“Captain Jesmiya.” I locked eyes with the blond-haired division leader. “You’ve stated that your troops have wiped out most of the dungeons that the Alacryans used to hide their teleportation gates in, correct?”
She nodded. “Yes. The few gates that my troops have been finding recently were those already broken.”
It was common knowledge that the Alacryan teleportation gates in the Beast Glades were rather limited in the number of times that they could be used. Even some of the more stable ones that the Trailblazer Division had found were deemed too unstable to safely cross. The fact that the Alacryans had to take a gamble each time they wanted to send their troops to our continent spoke volumes of their leaders’ ruthlessness.
“Having little to no gates available for the Alacryans to slip into Dicathen through, it’ll be nearly impossible for the Alacryans that have made it through into the Beast Glades to receive supplies,” I continued.
“With how untamed the lands are there, they’d be busy just trying to survive once they run out of supplies, let alone plan an attack,” Gavik spoke.
“Which is why I feel they might be devoting everything they have into this last attack,” I finished, my eyes studying the map with furrowed brows.
“Not that I don’t agree with you, General Arthur, but how does that change our current predicament? Trodius asked, his tone impatient.
I circled our current location on the map with my finger. “It means that we might have to rethink our plan of sacrificing soldiers to keep the Wall fully intact.”
Albanth spoke up. “If it means not having to send my soldiers in a single-file line to their deaths, I’m all ears, General Arthur.”
“As am I,” Jesmiya agreed.
“A moment, please,” Trodius stated flatly. “While I am all for preserving as many of our men as possible, I’d like a plan that isn’t based on a ‘feeling’ or ‘hunch’.”
“Fair.” I nodded. “This is speculation on my part as well but my stance is that, in this phase of the war, keeping more men alive is imperative. We can rebuild a wall, Captain. We can’t rebuild people.”
Trodius’ eyes narrowed. “That’s a rather crude oversimplification of the situation, General. What happens if an Alacryan army attacks shortly after the beast horde if the Wall is in shambles?”
“Would a fortified wall hold off mages better than mages themselves?” I retorted. “Captain, I’m not saying we should just freely forfeit the Wall. I’m suggesting we sacrifice parts of our fortress as opposed to our men.”
After a moment of silence, Trodius let out a sigh and slid the silver rake he had been using to maneuver the pieces on the map. “Please continue.”
Accepting the gesture, I stood up and began moving the pieces around, all eyes following my me. “So here is what I had in mind...”





Chapter 211
Chapter 211: Awaiting the Horde II
“Your movements are too stiff,” I reprimanded as I thrusted the pommel of my practice sword into my opponent’s wrist. “You need to loosen your shoulders and wrists until the last moments of your swing. If you can’t do that, the sword you’re using is too big for you.”
The sharpened longsword clattered on the ground as the young soldier shook his armored hand with a grimace. “Thank you for the advice.”
“Next!” I called out to the few dozen soldiers standing in line a few yards in front of me.
A burly woman clad fully in plate armor, holding a buckler in one hand and a shortsword in the other, walked up and dipped her head before getting into a stance.
A dense layer of mana enveloped her body while tendrils of wind swirled around her blade.
“Same rules apply,” I said, raising my thin sabre-like sword at the woman. “Attack me with the intent to kill.”
Any sort of hesitation had been wiped clean on the armor-clad brunette’s face after watching her predecessors fail in even touching a hair on the fur-lined mantle that I hadn’t bothered to remove.
With a determined nod, she dashed forth with a tremendous amount of speed for someone weighed down by a full set of armor. She attacked with a simple horizontal swing, the reach of her blade extended by the wind magic imbued within the weapon.
Rather than dodging, I parried, deflecting her sword upwards which opened up her defense enough for me to fit an open palm into her chest.
The woman was quick enough to raise her buckler in time to block my strike, but she still ended up stumbling back a few steps.
I let out a sigh. “If you’re already hesitating, this match is over.”
“I’m not sure what you mean, General. I was able to block your counter successfully!” the woman responded, her brows scrunched together.
“It doesn’t matter. Even if you had landed that initial slash on me, it would’ve barely made a scratch on an augmenter or a mana beast.”
Anticipating her question, I went on. “ Why? Because your weight was already on your back leg before you even swung.
“Again.”

She approached me once more, this time with careful steps. With a sudden stamp of her feet, she advanced with a lunge, extending her blade’s reach once again.
I dodged with a simple sway of my head but by that time, the armor-clad soldier had already reeled back her sword. The stab I had expected was a feint in order to bash me with her buckler.
Letting the full force of her buckler hit my arm and lift me off my feet, I tried to see what she’d do but rather than continue her assault, she stepped back and raised her guard.
“Why did you stop?” I asked, dusting off my mantle. “You had me in the air where I’d be more vulnerable. You have your armor and buckler to make up for small mistakes.”
The soldier stood quiet for a moment before speaking confidently. “I was wary that you were preparing for a counterattack.”
“If I wanted to counterattack, I would’ve done so before you hit me with your shield, not after,” I retorted. “Your equipment and your fighting style are total opposites of each other. Your footwork, attacks, movements and feints all point to a speed-type augmenter, but your armor, shield and even sword says otherwise. I’m not sure if you’re doing this to confuse your enemies or confuse yourself, but pick a side, because you’re going to get tired real fast out in battle if you try to fight the way you are with all that on you. Next!”
Quite a few soldiers that had been relieved of their posts to take a break had lined up to spar against me. A small crowd of merchants and people not currently preparing for the beast horde had gathered as well, excitedly wondering if any of them would land a hit on me despite all of the limitations I put on myself.
So far, I had barely exchanged two or three moves before stopping my blade just short of a fatal blow and giving a few unadulterated pieces of advice to the soldiers about to face the horde of corrupted beasts.
Just as a new soldier stepped up into the stone ring I had conjured, Sylvie’s voice chimed in my head. ‘I thought you said you were going to try and get some rest before setting out?’
I looked back to see her descending the stairs with Gavik and Callum on either side of her. I couldn’t fall asleep so I figured I’d warm up my body and train a few soldiers while I’m at it. How was your trip up to the top of the Wall? Is Ellie doing okay?
My bond cracked a grin as she walked up to me before speaking aloud. “Ellie is adjusting pretty well. When I went to see how she was doing, she was busy practicing shooting from the edge with a few other soldiers. One looked around her age too.”
I looked up at the towering wall, surveying the bustling activity within it as everyone prepared for the plan I had suggested. “That’s good.”
Gavik spoke up, approaching the ring I was in. “Captain Albanth and his troops are following through and tearing down most of the support beams holding up the underground passages. Captain Jesmiya is reallocating her troops around the ends of the Wall but...”
The burly iron-clad adventurer shifted his gaze for a moment. “Is it really necessary for you and Lady Sylvie to go by yourselves?”
I raised a brow. “No offense to you or Callum, but are you confident in fighting alongside us without me having to worry about actually killing you?”
Gavik looked back at the curly-haired conjurer behind him before turning to face me. Both he and Callum steeled their gaze and nodded. “Yes.”
“You know, Commander Virion sent you out here to assist me in the Wall’s defense but I doubt he meant it in this way. Just stay here,” I dismissed, waving the two of them off.
I could hear Gavik grit his teeth even from where I was standing, but the two of them turned and left, weaving in between the mages and shovel-holding workers all filing towards the underground passages.

“We could’ve used their help,” Sylvie said after the two adventurers had gone off. “And they seemed really determined to go with us.”
I motioned for the soldier on the other edge of the ring to come and held up my blunted sword.
Gavik has a daughter that looked to be about my age or even younger, if the picture on that pendant is recent. I saw him sneaking in a kiss after the meeting, I stated to Sylvie while redirecting my opponent’s thrust.

I could hear my bond letting out a stifled laugh from behind before she spoke back to me telepathically. ‘And here I was beginning to think how cold my bond has been to these poor soldiers. It seems like you’re getting better at keeping your thoughts from leaking into mine.’
A man’s got to be able to keep a few secrets, I joked as my sabre proceeded to press against the nape of my opponent. “If I’m not wrong, you’ve had a big injury on your right side in the past, which is making you focus all of your defenses to that side. You’re leaving your left side too open because of that. Next.”
“Mind if I go next?” a familiar voice called out to my left.
Sylvie and I both turned towards the source of the voice and I could feel a flood of elation leaking from my bond as she dashed off.
With gunmetal-gray hair, a shade darker and still dripping with water, and bright turquoise eyes that seemed to nearly glow on their own, I saw my childhood friend wave in our direction.
“Tessia!” Sylvie cried as she basically ran straight into the elven princess.
I smiled, taking in the sight of the two of them. While Tess hadn’t physically changed much since the last time we met, I could tell at glance that she had grown due to manning the fields.
The princess shifted gazes between me and the child currently wrapped around her waist. It wasn’t until her eyes focused on the horns protruding out of the girls head that she made the connection. “ S-Sylvie? ”
“No more sparring for today!” I called out to the crowd of soldiers and adventurers waiting in line with weapons in their hands before I made my way toward my childhood friend.
For a while, I stood silent and listened as Tess and Sylvie talked. My bond had always had a deep fondness for Tess, even calling her ‘Mama’ at one point in her life. I could tell Tess was still trying to wrap her head around how the dragon and fox she had cuddled with like a pet was standing in front of her as a human.
From the conversation I overheard, Tess and her team had gotten back an hour ago after receiving orders from a messenger sent out by Captain Jesmiya and went straight to the inn to wash up and rest. Much like myself, my childhood friend couldn’t sleep and decided to walk around the market area of the Wall when she ran into me.
I let the two of them catch up, walking a few paces behind, when Tess looked back over her shoulder and raised a brow. “What’s so funny?”
“Huh? Oh, I didn’t even realize I was smiling,” I replied, touching my mouth. “It seems like Sylvie’s emotions are influencing mine.”

“Hmm, if I take that the wrong way, it comes off as you saying that you’re not happy to see me,” Tess teased.
“Unlike Arthur, I will wholeheartedly admit that I’m happy to see you,” my bond replied before her expression dampened a bit. “I just wish it was under better conditions.”
“I agree, but I’m glad I was able to see the two of you before I leave. You look much more charismatic in that sleek new outfit, General Arthur, but Sylvie! I can’t get over how cute and pretty you look in this form!” Tess comforted.
My bond’s chest puffed from the compliment as she replied, “Back when we were in Epheotus, my grandmother did tell me that I would grow up to be a very pretty dragon.”
“I’m not sure if you’d describe a pitch black twenty-foot dragon with gleaming yellow daggers for eyes as ‘cute,’” I responded back with a smirk.
“Is this how you two always talked inside your heads?” Tessia asked with a chuckle.
“We’d been getting along fairly maturely until you came, Tessia,” my bond replied. “Your presence must be affecting Arthur.”
I rolled my eyes. “And there’s that snide little attitude I missed.”
Sylvie simply shrugged as the three of us walked aimlessly around the lower levels of the Wall. Workers, blacksmiths, artificers and soldiers alike went out of their way to greet Tess as we passed by them.
“You’re looking prettier than ever, Princess! A sight for sore eyes in these parts!” a bald blacksmith shouted as he waved in our direction with a pair of tongs he had been holding.
“I’m going to tell your wife you said that,” Tess replied with a mischievous grin.
Sylvie and I chuckled as the old blacksmith paled and quickly got back to work on the set of arrowheads spread out on his anvil.
“Head Tessia!” a young girl covered in soot called out as she ran toward us. Catching her breath, she said, “My master has a new set of armor for you that she’s been working on in secret.”
Tess’ face visibly brightened at her words. “Oh! Tell Senyir that I’ll go visit her later tonight! Thank you for the message, Nat.”
“Anytime!” The little girl beamed, her white teeth glowing brightly against her blackened face. Seeing me and Sylvie, she tilted her head. Giving us a slight nod, she scurried off.
“As expected of Tessia,” Sylvie chimed.
“Since I’m part of the Trailblazer Division, I don’t get to spend as much time here as I’d like, but I still got to know a few people here and there,” my friend explained as we continued on.
Sylvie followed beside her. “Still, they treat you so kindly. Most of the people that we meet regard Arthur with either awe or fear.”
“Well, seeing the head of a unit is one thing. Seeing a lance as young as Arthur would elicit a different sort of feeling,” Tess chuckled.
“Still,” Sylvie sighed. “He can make do with some improvements on his interpersonal skills.”
“You know I’m walking right behind you two, right?” I cut in.
Tess laughed, and by the warm fuzziness growing inside me, I could tell that Sylvie was having as much fun as our childhood friend.
When we reached the steep set of stairs leading all the way to the top of the Wall, Tess stopped and stole a glance at me before turning to my bond. “Hey, Sylvie. Do you mind if I steal Arthur away from you for a bit?”





Chapter 212
Chapter 212: A Promise
Hugging Tess one more time, my bond headed up the Wall as we waved her off. The guards let her through the gate to the upper levels, and she walked out of sight.
‘Don’t think about other things and try to have some fun while you’re with her, Arthur,’ Sylvie sent.
“It’s surprisingly easy to get used to Sylvie in that form,” Tess said, turning to me.
I smirked. “Well, if it weren’t for those huge horns on the sides of her head, she’d just look like an unassuming little girl.”
“Those horns are pretty adorable though. But anyway”—Tess pointed in the direction of the merchant area and gave me a warm smile—“shall we head off as well?”
I smiled back. “Sure.”
It was an odd feeling as we walked through the crowds of people. My legs that had ached and felt so heavy without the aid of mana were light as I trotted alongside Tess. I watched as her head turned left and right and her expression changed from curiosity to amazement to delight as she took in the sight of the various booths and stands that merchants had set up along the street.
It was a rare feeling where, next to this girl that I had spent so many years of this life with, thoughts of my responsibilities as a lance and general in times of war weren’t priorities.
That was when it struck me.
This role that I had accepted for the sake of Dicathen had been slowly turning me back into the man I was back in my old world. There were some differences, of course. I had people I truly cared for, but in a sense, that made it worse. I felt like I had to be better—to make no mistakes—if I wanted to keep them alive as well.
“Has being apart from me for so long finally made you realize how pretty your childhood friend actually is?” Tess teased, snapping me out of my thoughts.
“Actually, yes,” I replied earnestly.
Not expecting that sort of reply, Tess blushed all the way to the tips of her ears.
“I-I see. Well, it’s good that you know now,” she said with a cough, her gaze avoiding me.
I surveyed the crowd around us, finding mostly adventurers garbed in chainmail or hard leather armor and the occasional off-duty soldier, still wearing the insignia of their rightful division. “Is it always this busy here?”
“Mhmm. Having so many mercenaries and adventurers here taking jobs and missions at the Wall brought about an influx of merchants and peddlers hoping to make money selling goods and services to them,” Tess explained quickly, grateful for the change in topic.
“This place really does have its own separate economy,” I uttered, admiring the bustling activities around us.
“Speaking of goods and services, there’s a place that I always wanted to try!” Tess pulled me by my arm and weaved through the tide of pedestrians until we arrived near the end of a line that wrapped around a single isolated cart.
Before I could even ask what could possibly warrant waiting in such a long line, a smoky scent crept up my nostrils. My stomach became almost as impatient as my watering mouth as the thick mixture of herbs and spices mingling alongside the savory aroma of grilled meat continued to bombard my senses.
“Doesn’t it smell fantastic?” Tess asked excitedly as she craned her neck to try and get a better view of the cart.
I nodded. “If it tastes as good as it smells, maybe I should make your grandfather hire him as a chef inside the Castle.”
“Tempting, but I’d feel bad for all the people here that look forward to eating here,” she replied.
That’s when I noticed the gazes of all the people around us. Some whispered to the friends they were waiting in line with while others saluted or bowed.
Thankfully a disturbance ahead in the line caught the attention of the people around us. It seemed like someone was trying to make their way to the back of the line.
“Out of the way! Move it!” a gruff voice boomed.
Finally, a man a head shorter than Tess appeared through the sea of people ahead of us. He was carrying a small paper bowl filled with a steaming stew of meat and vegetables in each of his hands.
Locking gazes with Tess and then me, the stout man held up the bowls toward us. “It’s not much, but here. Even a lance shouldn’t fight on an empty stomach.”
“Thank you,” I said, reaching down for the piping hot stew while Tess did the same. “But how did you know we were even back here?”
The stand owner jerked his thumb back to point at the line. “It didn’t take long for news to travel all the way up to the front of the line.”
I let out a chuckle. “Regardless, thank you for the treat.”
The portly old man clicked his heels and saluted, which brought up his shirt to reveal a bulging stomach. “No. Thank you.”
His actions had a chain effect, causing all the people in the line to salute. Tess stifled a giggle and joined them, shooting me a wink while saluting as well.

After returning my respects to the people waiting in line, Tess and I went on our way to our next undecided destination.
“Looks like coming with you does have its perks,” Tess said as she used a wooden pick to skewer one of the charred meat dripping with sauce. “That place is always so busy, even the captains here don’t get that kind of treatment.”
After taking a bite, her eyes closed and a smile pulled at her lips. “Mmm, so good!”
“You’re probably the only person who’d regard a lance as a ‘perk,’ Tess,” I said, taking a bite as well. Needless to say, the stew was delicious enough to make the extravagant dishes served in the Castle pale in comparison. Despite my restraints, the flood of flavors on my senses were strong enough that even Sylvie felt my delight.
‘I hope you’ve saved enough for me,’ she sent with a tingle of curiosity laced in her voice.
Sorry, I don’t think I can promise you that, I replied while taking another bite.
Despite the constant din of people around us, I felt more at peace now than I ever had these past few months.
I was grateful to Tess, who kept me engrossed in the present. She pulled me aside toward every stall that interested her without a second thought. She laughed and smiled at the smallest things, but I found myself constantly looking forward to her reactions.
In a way, her bright and sometimes childish personality seemed so admirable. She had the responsibility to look after an entire unit. She spent days, sometimes weeks, out in the Beast Glades in conditions far from desirable. Yet, she was able to produce such a radiant smile that it infected those around her.
Tess’ hand slowly approaching the stew that I was holding brought me back to reality. “If you’re not going to eat that...”
I snapped the dish out of her reach just as the skewer in her hand attempted to fish out one of the few remaining meat cubes I had been saving. “You wish.”
Tess let out a frown. “As expected of a lance.”
I rolled my eyes. “Yes, because it’s imperative for a lance to learn how to defend his or her own food from treacherous allies.”
Skewering a meat cube with the pick in my hand, I held it out for Tess. “Here.”
My childhood friend’s eyes visibly brightened as she got on her tippy toes to snatch the meat with her mouth. “Sho good!”
I blinked as I stared at the empty pick in my hand.
“What’s wrong?” she said. “You’re kind of red. Do you have a fever?”
“It’s nothing!” I said, quickly turning around. “My body hasn’t been in the best condition these days.”
We walked in silence for a while. Tess looked a bit guilty because of what I said, even though I just said it to cover up a lie. Hoping to lift her mood, I pointed at a confectionery where several colorful dough-like desserts were displayed. While the line wasn’t long, there were quite a few people holding or eating the dough nearby. “That seems like a popular stall. Do you want something from there?”
“Oh! That’s a pretty popular dessert stand,” she said. “I’m okay, but Caria loves these. I’ll go by myself; just wait here, okay?”
“Okay.”
I smiled, watching her struggle with deciding which flavors to get while the old lady waited patiently on the other side of the stand.
Suspecting it would take a bit longer, I walked over to a smaller booth a few yards away.
“Interested, I see. You have a good eye, Sir,” the little boy attending the stand exclaimed. “What can I get for you?”
“I’m just looking around,” I answered, not taking my eyes off the display of trinkets and accessories laid out on top of the white cloth. “Actually, can I purchase this?”
“Of course! It’ll come out to be one sil—ouch!” the kid yelped, looking back. “What gives, Mom?”
“What do you think you’re doing?” an older woman huffing for breath chided. She looked at me apologetically. “I’m so sorry, General. My boy here is a bit ignorant of the world.”
“General? You?” the boy said, dumbfounded. “But you’re like the same age as my brother!”
That earned him another smack from his mother before she handed me the item I wanted to purchase. “Please take this as an apology for my son’s rude behavior. Again, I’m so sorry.”
I let out a laugh. “No problem at all, and please let me pay.”
She waved her hand in dismissal. “Oh no! Please, how can I possibly take money from a lance!”
“Since it’s a present, I’d feel more confident in giving it to the person if I actually earned it,” I admitted.
“Is it that pretty lady over there with the silver—ouch! Mom!” The boy rubbed the spot on his shoulder where he’d gotten hit.
Chuckling, I tossed the kid a coin and thanked the two of them before walking back toward Tess.

“Wait! This is a gold coin!” the mother called from behind.
Looking back over my shoulder, I held up the charm that I had just bought. “I just paid what I thought this was worth. It’s very well-made, ma’am.”
The lady stared at me for a second, stunned, before she bowed. “Th-Thank you.”

I walked over to the dessert stand just in time to see Tess devouring some sort of stretchy dough in one bite. She looked at me with a guilty expression before holding one out for me as well. “Do ooh wunt shom too?”
“What happened to just buying it for Caria?” I teased with a laugh.
As the sun quickly set, the streets began to empty. We made a quick stop by the inn, where Tess dropped off the desserts she had bought for Caria. Unfortunately, she—along with the rest of her teammates—were still asleep, so I didn’t get to greet them.
“When do you leave for your next mission?” I asked, almost afraid of the answer.
“Later tonight,” she replied with downcast eyes.
“There’s a place I want to show you before you go then. Is that alright?” I asked with a smile.
<p class="p1">***
Tess let out a breath as she took in the sight around us. We had climbed to the spot on the cliff—the same place I had come to after fighting with my parents. With the sun inches away from the horizon, a warm light cast all over the Beast Glades.
“The view here is even better than from the Castle,” she said with another sigh.
“I agree.” I nodded. “Although I’ve only been here once before and found it by chance.”
There was a moment of silence as the two of us sat side by side, close enough where our shoulders just barely touched. Tess shifted her gaze away from the scenery below us and looked at me. “I wanted to say this earlier, but it’s been a while, Art.”
It must’ve been the way the red sun mixed together with her shiny gray hair or how she was tilting her head slightly so that the nape of her neck was exposed, because my heart felt like it was about to break out of my ribcage.
Unable to meet her eyes for any longer, I turned away. “Wh-Where will you be heading off to for your next mission?”
You’ve led a country in your previous life and even in this life, Arthur. You have no reason to be stuttering next to Tess. I continued berating myself until she answered.
“My unit along with a few other elves from the Trailblazer Division are going to head off toward Elenoir tonight,” she answered.
“Does it have something to do with attacks from the Alacryans?”
“Yeah. We’ve been getting reports from the troops stationed on watch throughout the forest that there have been some recent sightings of Alacryan stragglers. It didn’t sound too serious but they’ve been requesting backup for a while now and Captain Jesmiya finally relented,” she explained, resting her chin on her knees.
“It must’ve been a hard choice, especially with the beast horde approaching,” I said. “Although I’m sort of happy that you won’t be here for this battle.”
Tess cocked a brow. “While I may not be a match for a lance, I have recently broken through to the mid-silver stage.”
I never thought to check her mana levels so her words caught me by surprise. “Congratulations. Truly.”
Tess’ shimmering turquoise eyes studied me for a moment before she let out a sigh. “I wonder when the mighty General Arthur, who is, in fact, younger than me, will actually begin to treat me as someone who can take care of herself.”
“You can take care of yourself. I’m sorry if my words came off the wrong way, but I really believe that. Spending time with you today made me realize how much older you’ve gotten,” I quickly amended.
Tess regarded me with an unamused expression. “Am I supposed to take that as a compliment?”
“Uhh.” I scratched my chin. “What I meant was, you give off a different aura now. I’m not talking about mana, although your core has improved, but more like—”
“I’ve gotten more mature?” Tess finished with a smirk.
I let out a soft groan. “Yeah, that...”
Chuckling, my childhood friend replied, “Thank you,” before turning back to watch the sun set.
Memories of the last time I had talked to Tess came to my mind. It wasn’t that long ago but she seemed so different now—more mature, like she said.
That’s when I realized. The feelings of elation and joy as soon as I saw Tess today wasn’t because of Sylvie’s emotions flooding into mine... because I still felt it even now.
I reached into the inside pocket of my mantle where I kept the charm I had bought earlier with a realization in mind:

I liked Tess.
I probably always liked Tess.
If it wasn’t for the fact that I was born with memories of my previous life as an adult, I might’ve confessed to her long before.
But what would her feelings toward me be if she knew my secret? Would she react the same way as my parents? Would she feel disgusted like I had when I first realized I liked her?
Doubt weighed down on me, and suddenly, the tiny little charm in my hand felt like a lead anchor.
“Thank you for showing me this place,” Tess said as she looked afar. “I always considered the Beast Glades to be such a dangerous and bloody place. I didn’t realize how beautiful it looked.”
“It was actually the same for me as well,” I admitted, my hand still gripping the charm. “Although I love the view here, this place is tied to a bad memory, so I thought coming up here with you would make it better.”
“I see,” she uttered. “Has it? Made it better, I mean?”
“It has,” I said as I finally summoned the courage to pull the trinket out. It was a simple silver charm of two leaves laid over one another to make the shape of a heart. “I got this for you.”
“It’s so pretty!” she said, holding the charm in her hand. “Is this, perhaps, for the great tour service I gave you today?”
“No.” I let out a breath. “It’s because I like you.”
“Oh... wai-what?” Tess eyes widened, more out of disbelief than out of surprise. “Did I hear you wrong? I swear I thought you said—”
“I like you, Tess,” I finished with more conviction, pushing down the doubt still growing inside me.
Tess stood up. “What do you mean by ‘like’? I swear, Arthur, if you say you like me as a friend or as a sister, I’m going to...”
I got up as well and reached for the hand holding the pendant. “I like you as a girl. And what I mean is that I wish to start a relationship with you and that I hope that you feel the same way.”
Tess’ lips were trembling as she tried to contain her emotions. “You’re lying.”
“I’m not.”
She sniffled. “Yes, you are.”
“Do you want me to be?” I asked with a slight smile.
“I-I don’t know,” she said, her head down. “It’s just, I imagined things going differently.”
“Differently, how?”
“That I’d have to get stronger and prettier and older to wow you and swoon you off your feet,” she said, hitting me in the arm.
I chuckled. “Can I still look forward to you swooning me off my feet?”
“It’s not funny!” she snapped, finally looking up so I could see her two tear-brimmed eyes glaring at me. She held up the leaf pendant up to my face. “Put this on for me.”
I took the pendant from her but rather than undoing the chain clasp, I clicked together the two ends of the leaves. With a ‘click,’ the heart shape that the two silver leaves had made became undone into two normal leaves.
Removing one of the leaves, I wrapped the silver chain around her neck. “Here. Let me keep the other one.”
Tess stared down as her fingers clasped the single silver leaf hanging down just above her chest. She then pulled out a long leather string that had been wrapped around her arm and took my silver leaf.
“Here, turn around,” she ordered as she weaved the leather string through the silver loop that made up the stem of the leaf pendant.
She put the new leather necklace around my neck and tied it so that the leaf dangled loosely over my chest as well. Before I could turn around. however, I felt Tess’ arms around my waist as she embraced me from behind.
“I like you too, idiot. But we’re at war. We both have responsibilities and people that need us,” she said in a solemn whisper.
“I know. And I have things I want to tell you as well, so how about we make a promise?”
“What sort of promise?”
“A promise to stay alive... so that we can have a beautiful relationship and a family that our entire country can come together to celebrate.”
Her arms trembled, but she answered firmly. “I promise.”
Tess pulled her arms away, but I didn’t turn around. I stared off at the Beast Glades, almost missing the cloud of dust approaching behind a large hill a few dozen miles away.
“Arthur?” Tess’ voice sounded from behind.
“It’s... too soon,” I muttered. Whatever peace and warmth I had finally managed to grasp, fell apart.
Tess saw it as well as she gasped.
The reports were wrong. They were coming. Less than a few hours away, from the pace they were approaching. The beast horde was coming.





Chapter 213
Chapter 213: Enemy Territory III
CIRCE MILVIEW
Alacryan
I ran. It seemed all I had been doing these days was running through this cursed forest. Low-hanging branches scraped my cheeks and arms while thorny shrubs tore through my clothes and legs.
I sprinted in the direction my magic guided me. Without it, I was blind. Even if there was a moon tonight, I doubted its pale rays would be able to penetrate the dense canopy and fog above.
Every so often, I would see flashes of light from Maeve’s magic behind me, illuminating the trees and casting eerie shadows on the forest ground.
Maeve. Cole. Please make it out safely, I prayed to Vritra without breaking stride.
I continued to run, making sure to lift my knees high and step with my heel first while kicking off with the ball of my feet. This was the best way to run in the uneven terrain filled with broken branches and knotted roots.
Running until the magical flashes of battle were barely visible, I skidded to a stop and crouched beside a thick shrub. The thorns and prickly leaves pressing against me gave me comfort from the open. I covered my mouth as I gasped for breath, afraid that I’d be heard.
Paranoia had long since set in, filling my mind with endless doubts and hopelessness. Choking back sobs, I tried to calm myself.
You’re okay, Circe. You’re doing great. I wiped away at the stream of tears that didn’t stop flowing.
I have to survive. For my brother. For Seth. I recited this over and over. It was my mantra. It was what was keeping me going.
After finally catching my breath, I ignited my crest. Immediately, I could sense the location of the closest three-point array I had formed. Unfortunately, it was farther away than I hoped.
Unable to even curse aloud, I grit my teeth in frustration. With this much distance between the rest of the arrays, just using mana wasn’t enough.
Digging a small hole in the soft ground with my hand, I bit down on my thumb until blood was drawn. Carefully, I let my blood drip into the hole while instilling the mana from my crest.
It was by pure luck that I had found out that using my blood as a medium for mana would amplify the effects of the array. Perhaps finding out why might even one day evolve my crest into an emblem.
After my mana-infused blood had seeped into the small hole I had made, I covered it up and moved onto a nearby tree.
Taking out the small knife that Fane had practically forced me to keep, I began carving a small hole underneath a low branch.
I was about to put my bleeding thumb up against the hole when a sharp snap made me whirl around. I held the knife with both hands, pointing it toward the source of the sound as I activated my first crest.
My senses expanded, covering a twenty-yard radius, only to sense that it was just a small forest critter. I lowered my knife, frustrated at my own pathetic self. I was trembling, my back up against the tree, with tears in my eyes.
All I wanted was to curl up and cry, but unfortunately, I didn’t have such luxury. Not if I wanted to live.
I knew that the noise had been caused by an animal but I couldn’t focus. I was wasting time, but for some odd reason, I really didn’t want someone to kill me from behind. It was odd to think, but I’d rather look at my killer as I died.
After several minutes trickled by, I let out a sigh and turned back to my task.

If someone was here, they would’ve killed me already, I said to myself. It wasn’t a very comforting thought, but it was true.
I was a sentry. Widely respected and valuable but severely defenseless compared to strikers like Fane, casters like Maeve, and even shields like Cole.
After the second point had been finished, I moved to the final tree to finish the three-point array. I knew that using blood as a medium for the array would take its toll, but I was still surprised by how weak I felt after the final point had been finished. Despite the brisk winter air that seemed even colder within this fog, I was sweating and my knees were close to giving out.
Got to move. Almost there, I said to my legs. Without bothering to mask my mana trail, I moved on to the next point.
Fortunately, with the three-point array imprint that I had just finished, I wouldn’t have to use my blood again. I just needed to make sure I didn’t set the next imprint too far away.
I managed a half-jog while panting. I didn’t think it was possible, but the forest seemed to be getting even darker. The low hanging branches snagged at my tattered clothes. Without the strength to just shrug them off, I had to stop and pull off the branches, costing me precious time.
I stumbled more times than I could count on the roots and tree limbs that seemed to be growing more in numbers, but I finally made it.
This location should be okay.
Falling forward on my knees, I got to work once more. Igniting my crest, I began trickling mana into the first point of the array when something crashed into me from the side.
Without even the chance to be surprised, I was suddenly looking at Fane, who was on top of me. Fane wasn’t looking at me, but out in the distance—his face contorted into a fearsome scowl. It was dark but even then I could make out how bloody he was.
“Can you run?” he asked, pulling me up to my feet. His eyes were still surveying our surroundings, searching for something.
“I think so,” I stuttered, my gaze shifting down at a glimmering arrow buried in the ground... right where I used to be.
Fane ignited his emblem. His entire body glowed and visible gusts of wind surrounded him, lifting him off his feet. In his hand was a spear, its length about twice my height with a sharp point that spun like a drill, sending gales around us. “Then run. I’ll hold them off.”
Without even the chance to greet my teammate, I turned and ran. I didn’t know who the ‘him’ that Fane was referring to was but from the way he had immediately ignited his emblem to its full power, I knew he couldn’t be good.
It wasn’t long before I could hear the echoes of battle behind me. The ground shook and the trees seemed to shudder in sorrow and pain for their brethren caught in the fight. More than once I was almost blown off my feet by the gales but even then, I resisted the temptation to look behind me. I could only pray to Vritra that Fane would be okay. <br>
Again, I ran. I continued to run in this forsaken forest until my legs felt like lead. Every step seemed harder and harder to make, as if I was wading in a pool of tar.
No matter how desperately I wanted to keep moving, my body had had enough. Barely able to lift my feet off the ground, my toes got caught on a gnarled root.
I toppled forward and I soon tasted the dirt and foliage of the forest in my mouth.
Fane’s silver chestplate kept me on the ground like an anchor. Giving up on the thought of getting back up, I rolled to my side and ignited my crest. With the distance I had gone, I knew it was safer to strengthen the array with blood.
The wound on my thumb had already scabbed over, but as I wiped my mouth of the dirt, I was able to make out a streak of red.
What my sleep-deprived and crazed brain conceived as ‘fortunate’ was the fact that the fall to my face had torn open a wound on my lip.
Perhaps the most unladylike action I had performed in my entire life, I spat a mouthful of blood on the ground and dipped my fingers in it to imbue mana.
If I can’t run, I might as well create one more imprint for the army waiting. Maybe this will be close enough for them. Maybe they’ll still save Seth.
The crest on my back began burning—a telltale sign that I was overexerting myself. It didn’t matter. My legs couldn’t even carry my weight. I was prepared to die.
“Idiot! Didn’t I tell you to keep running?” I never thought Fane’s rough voice would sound so pleasant, but I was wrong.

I spotted Fane’s figure rushing toward me with a sphere of wind surrounding him. Without stopping, he picked me up by the chestplate and held me under his armpit. That’s when I saw it.
“Fane. Y-Your arm!” I huffed, wide-eyed.
“Not important,” he snapped. “I need you to focus on guiding me.”

I had so many questions for Fane, but now wasn’t the time. Pointing in the direction that True Sense had shown me, I directed the veteran striker through the fog-infested forest.
Fortunately, the sun was coming back up. We had been running non-stop throughout the whole night and it was evident that Fane was close to collapsing. He had concentrated much of his mana on the stub where his left arm used to be in order to keep blood from spilling out. The rest of his mana was spent on maximizing our speed.
“We’re almost there!” I said excitedly, pointing at an opening in the woods a few dozen yards away.
“Just a bit more, and you need to focus everything you have on the three-point array. Do that and our mission is a success,” Fane huffed. “Can you do that?”
“I can.”
We skidded to a stop and Fane dropped me on the ground. I assumed that the striker wanted me to start on the array—I was only half right.
I could see Fane’s emblem glowing brightly underneath his shirt as he stood in front of me. The spear once again formed in Fane’s hand as he aimed it at the elf slowly approaching us.
Even at first glance, I knew who he was. It was the same elf that had spotted us up on the tree. It was the same elf that Maeve and Cole had stayed behind to fight against.
“N-No. That can’t be...” I muttered as the elf named Albold continued closing the distance between us. He looked injured and tired, but he was alive. And if he was alive, that meant...
I heard a faint whistle but before my brain could process what that noise meant, Fane’s wind spear had already moved. The arrow that was meant to take my life lay on the ground.
“Damn it, there’s more of them. We need to run,” Fane hissed. “Now!”
Fane lifted me up to my feet and pushed me back. “Go!”
Even with the strength I gathered while Fane had held me in his arm, I could only manage an awkward stagger. Fane continued to push me towards the opening in the woods, towards what I assumed to be one of the entrances to the elven kingdom.
I tensed every time I heard a sharp whistle but by the fact that none of the arrows had managed to hit me, I knew Fane was doing his job.
I still had to finish mine.
Igniting my crest mid-stride, the imprints of the three-point arrays lit up like a map in my head. The closest one I had imprinted was too far away though. I needed time, which was something we didn’t have.
“We’re close enough. Set up the array!” Fane groaned behind me.
I dropped to my knees and began setting up the first point in the array. While doing so, I took a peek behind me.
Fane towered over me just a few steps behind with shafts of multiple arrows jutting out from his body. A trail of blood leaked down the corner of his mouth.
“Array!” he snapped without looking back.

I nodded frantically and ripped open another wound on my thumb.
The muted hum of weapons clashing startled me, but I refused to look back.
Another whistle from behind.
Fane let out a groan.
My hands trembled as I started the array.
Damn it! It’s not strong enough.
I tried to imbue more mana but, out of the corner of my eye, I could see the trees around us swaying.
Another pained grunt resounded from behind, but it wasn’t Fane’s voice.
The sharp pain radiating from my crest grew more and more unbearable as I imbued more mana into the small pool of blood that had gathered on the ground in front of me.
I heard another whistle but almost immediately after, I was knocked down as a pain shot up my arm like fire. My head exploded with a blinding whiteness. I could barely get back up to my knees, dizziness overwhelming me.
Despite my brain screaming at me not to, I looked at my injured arm. It was mangled beyond recognition.
“The... array,” Fane’s voice croaked from behind.
“I... I can’t,” I mustered. I couldn’t even think straight as it felt like every inch of my right arm had been jammed through the skin with serrated blades.
I watched, dazed, as blood began to pool beneath me.
I knew it wouldn’t be long now until I died. I almost wanted to die, but in this near-dead state, I couldn’t help but think of Seth. He was waiting back in Alacrya in a hospital bed. <br> <br> He was almost dead as well. Even if I couldn’t live, shouldn’t he be able to?
Through sheer willpower, I got back up to my feet. Blood continued to flow freely out of my mangled arm but it was okay. I knew what I had to do.
“I hope you can forgive your sister... for not being able to make it back home,” I mumbled.
I took a step to the side, creating a trail with my blood. The pain was beginning to subside a little as my arm grew numb, which was good.
Fane came into view, but he was barely standing as well. He was dripping almost as much blood as I was.
With neither of us able to even muster a word, Fane continued to protect me as I made the array, strengthening it with the sheer amounts of blood I was spilling.
I took another step, but I must’ve lost consciousness because I found the world turned on its side. Fane was still on his feet, holding off Albold and another elf.
Almost there.
I crawled, dragging my maimed arm on the ground to continue the bloody trail, but the loss of blood must have affected my vision.
An entire row of trees had moved and bent out of the way to reveal a towering wall. And on the top of the wall were hundreds of elves, each armed with either staves or bows. The staves were glowing in all sorts of colors, some green, some yellow, others blu—
“Circe!” Fane screamed, snapping me out of my daze.
A desperate scream tore out from my throat as I ignited every ounce of mana I had left through my crest. My vision blurred and I fell to my side, but I didn’t care. I knew it had worked.
Every imprint I had left in the forest was now connected and displayed to every sentry waiting outside the forest. I had created the trail for our army.
I managed to crack a smile as I faced the wave of spells and arrows almost upon us. I hoped they could see me my expression so they’d know&#8230;
Even this damned forest won’t keep you safe anymore.
The Alacryan army is coming for you.





Chapter 214
Chapter 214: Welcoming Gift
ARTHUR LEYWIN
“We need to go warn the others!” Tess stressed, mana enveloping her body as she prepared to jump off the cliff.
I grabbed her wrist. “I’ll warn everyone. You need to go get your teammates. You have a mission.”
“That beast horde is more than a day early, Art! The people here aren’t prepared for this. I should stay and—”
“That’s what I’m here for, Tess,” I cut in firmly. “You have your orders from your commanding captain. I won’t go as far as to order you to leave, but if things are looking bad here, I suspect the troops requesting for backup in Elenoir might be having it worse.”
There was a tense moment of silence. Tess’ brows furrowed and her jaws tightened in frustration, but she finally relented. “Fine. I’ll gather my team and report to Captain Jesmiya before leaving.”
“Good. Even if you are at an advantage in the forest, be careful,” I replied with a gentle smile.
“That’s what I wanted to say, dummy,” she said before grabbing me by the scruff of my mantle and pulling me into a kiss.
As she let go and walked toward the edge of the cliff, I found myself subconsciously touching my own lips in a daze.
Tess smiled at me, her flushed cheeks betraying her bold move. Tugging on the chain of her leaf charm, she locked gazes with me. “Remember the promise.”
I smiled back, all too aware of how hot my face had become.
“I promise,” I replied, holding up my half of the charm dangling around my neck.
And like that, Tess jumped off the cliff, sailing down like an emerald comet. I watched her go while convincing myself that what I said to her was for the best. I didn’t want her to stay here. Even if she was one of the few mages in this continent that wouldn’t slow me down, I knew that I wouldn’t be able to go all out without worrying about her.
At least in the Elshire Forest, she’d only have to be careful of stragglers lost in an environment that she could freely navigate through.
“It’s for the best, Arthur,” I mumbled to myself. After a moment, I reached out to Sylvie and informed her of the situation before leaping off the cliff.
***

Despite the bombshell that was thrown, the people of the Wall handled the news rather well. That didn’t mean they didn’t panic, but with the tight leadership and the fact that most of the people present were either trained soldiers or veteran adventurers, they were quick to adapt.
Trodius was especially quick to think on his feet. Quickly gathering the mercenary adventurers, he assigned them to help out at different parts of the walls that needed fortification.
Workers continued their efforts inside the underground routes leading out from the Wall with the help of some of the soldiers. Jesmiya immediately sent out orders for each of the units making up her Trailblazer Division to be dispatched into appropriate positions in preparation for the horde.
The Bulwark Division, composed of a bit less than two thousand soldiers, had complete confidence and trust in their captain. Perhaps it was because we were on the defense and had the massive wall to protect us, but even knowing that they were vastly outnumbered, they were ready to march outside the Wall without hesitation.
In the span of an hour, archers and conjurers were positioned on every floor of the Wall behind arrowslits. Melee troops—both warriors and augmenters alike—were being filed into formation just behind the entrance leading out into the Beast Glades, prepared to advance into battle against the approaching beast horde.
As for myself, I waited inside the meeting tent with Sylvie. Trodius was buried behind several stacks of paper on his desk, leaving me with a blissful few moments of peace as I checked the contents of my dimension ring. The only useful thing I had in it was Dawn’s Ballad, cracked and broken but still better than any other weapons I’d used.
I took it out, inspecting the cracks and splinters scattered across the translucent teal blade.
I really wish this damn weapon inside my hand would manifest already, I cursed in my head. ‘Now would be as good a time as any,’ Sylvie agreed.
“General. Please, reconsider. Allow us to accompany you,” Gavik’s deep voice resounded.
I looked at the burly adventurer and the curly-haired mage beside him. “As I said before, your job will be to support the troops here.”
Callum spoke up, frustration evident in his voice. “Commander Virion had personally picked the two of us to assist you in battle. If something were to happen after sending you by yourself—”
“I’m not looking down on you two, but the chances of something happening to me and Sylvie only increases if you two come with us,” I stated, not taking my eyes off Dawn’s Ballad.
“Please excuse the intrusion. Father, I brought the weapons you asked for,” a clear voice rang.
I looked up to see a tall woman with bright red eyes and dark skin that seemed even darker with the splotches of soot. In her toned arms were two swords, one longer than the other.
“Ah! Come in, Senyir.” Trodius waved the woman over, a rare smile on his face. “Arthur, this is Senyir Flamesworth. My daughter and the master blacksmith of the Wall.”
Tess had referred to a little girl’s master as Senyir back when we were touring the Wall together. Tess even seemed to have a good relationship with her, but even so...
The very mention of the word ‘daughter’ coming from Trodius’ lips annoyed me. Memories of Jasmine as she told me her life story resurfaced, leaving a bad taste in my mouth.
Still, I kept my personal feelings of the senior captain down and introduced myself to the woman.

“Arthur Leywin. Pleasure to meet you,” I said, sheathing Dawn’s Ballad.
“Senyir here is one of the finest blacksmiths in Sapin, on par with even the master smiths of Darv due of her excellent control and implementation of fire magic during the forging process,” Trodius boasted.
‘Your anger is leaking onto me,’ Sylvie conveyed gently.

I can’t help it.
“I heard from Tessia that you prefer thinner blades,” Senyir said as she handed me the longer of the two swords. “I’m sure it’s nowhere near the same level compared to your weapon but my father informed me that you’ll be in battle for an extended period of time. Having multiple backup weapons won’t do you any harm.”
“Thank you,” I replied, drawing the sword from its unadorned steel scabbard. With a sharp ring, a pale gold blade about the width of three fingers came into view. After testing its balance with a few swings, I began channeling mana into the blade.
The thin sword hummed as fire, wind, water, and earth all began to swirl around the blade in harmony. I continued injecting mana into the sword until I could see the blade beginning to deteriorate.
“Not bad. I think it’ll suffice,” I mustered, expunging the magic surrounding the new sword and putting it back into its sheath.
Senyir couldn’t hide the disappointment in her face as she accepted my words with a bow. “I’m honored.”
Putting the longer sword into my ring and fastening the shorter one onto my hip alongside Dawn’s Ballad, I turned to Trodius. “Have the ground troops ready to advance as soon as I leave.”
“I’m aware of the plan, General. Don’t worry about us and come back in one piece,” Trodius replied. “We’ll be waiting for the signal.”
Without another word, I walked past Senyir Flamesworth and stepped out of the tent, only to be met with a thunderous cheer. Around us were soldiers, merchants and adventurers alike clapping and roaring my name.
“Your presence is what is holding this Wall together, General,” Trodius said as he stepped just behind me.
It was overwhelming, to say the least. But rather than feeling joy or pride at being the center of attention, I was overcome with horror because within the crowd, I spotted my father.
He wasn’t supposed to be here. If they were down here, that meant the rest of the Twin Horns were somewhere around here as well.
No. They were supposed to be in Blackbend City, away from this battle.
Sylvie squeezed my hand. ‘Arthur. Everyone is watching.’

I didn’t care. I wanted to run to my father right now and tell him to leave—leave with Mother and the Twin Horns who were surely here.
But I couldn’t. One look from my father stopped me in my tracks.
The man who had raised me alongside Alice stood amongst the unit of soldiers that would be fighting outside the protection of the Wall.
He had such a determined expression that, even as a general, I couldn’t dare stop him. I feared that if I stopped him and everyone here, they would never forgive me.
It’s okay, Arthur. If everything goes to plan, most of these soldiers will make it out alive and your dad is one of the stronger ones out of them, I said, hoping to calm myself down.
Swallowing the angst and the dread building up inside me, I saluted the crowd, locking gazes with my father.
He saluted back and, despite the fight that we had not long ago, he smiled at me.
I exchanged glances with Sylvie, and with a nod, she shifted into her draconic form. This spurred on another wave of cheers as I got on.
My hands were trembling as I finally felt the gravity of the situation. I had brought my sister here. My parents were here as well as the Twin Horns. They, as well as the lives of everyone here cheering, depended on me.
‘You’re not alone, Arthur,’ Sylvie said as she spread her obsidian wings. ‘Nothing has changed from when you made the decision to bring Ellie along.’
She was right. Despite the beast horde arriving a day earlier, the preparations had been made on-time. Both my mom and sister had the Phoenix Wyrm pendants to keep them safe and I had even given Ellie a transmission scroll to reach out to me. But even then, I couldn’t help but feel uneasy.
Was it because of the promise I had made with Tess? The pendant hanging around my neck seemed to weigh down on me, but it wasn’t just that. The timing of everything happening seemed... off.
Focus, Arthur. You’re going into battle.
Gripping the spikes on Sylvie’s neck, I muttered, “Let’s go.”
My bond reeled her head back and let out a deafening roar, shaking the entire ground. Some of the merchants stumbled and fell to the ground but it only rose the morale as the crowd responded back with a cheer of their own.
We ascended with a single beat from Sylvie’s broad wings, clearing the height of the wall in just a few seconds. I had a view of both the approaching beast horde as well as the people below us that we were responsible to protect.
‘Are you ready?’ Sylvie asked, her excitement flooding into me.
Not as ready as you are, I sent back with a chuckle.
Sylvie’s laughter rang in my head before the world around us turned into a blur. With her seal released, every inch of her body was brimming with power. Each stroke of her wings made gales behind us until we were soon approaching the army of beasts.
With mana enhanced vision, I could make out the Alacryan mages scattered within the beast horde, riding the larger beasts.
“How about we send them a little welcoming gift?” I suggested.
‘My thoughts exactly,’ she responded, arching her wings to hover. Space began to distort as mana gathered into Sylvie’s open maw.
A golden white sphere formed and grew larger with every passing breath until it was even larger than me.
The sphere erupted into a beam of pure mana. There was no sound to be heard from the attack, only pure destruction as the blow marked the start of the battle.





Chapter 215
Chapter 215: Two Versus An Army
I watched as the hole that had been formed from Sylvie’s attack slowly disappeared—covered by the sea of mana beasts steadily marching toward the Wall.
Despite the devastation the blast had caused, any signs of the damage had soon become swept away.
Sylvie released another blast of mana, but this time several shields compounded upon one another, taking the brunt of the attack before shattering layer by layer.
Looks like we won’t be able to comfortably just rain spells down on them, I mused.
‘We would run out of mana long before even making a dent anyway,’ Sylvie responded.
‘After you,’ she transmitted, giving me a toothy grin.
Try to keep up, I sent back.
Falling head-first from several thousand feet in the air into an army of magical beasts should’ve normally caused some sort of fear or anxiety, but that wasn’t the case. My heart beat against my ribcage not out of fear, but excitement.
As if feeding off my emotions, mana flooded out into my body as I continued my plunge. Wind gathered around me, swirling and condensing as I collided into the center of the beast horde.
The layers of wind surrounding me burst into an explosion of gales, shredding and pushing away the hundreds of beasts caught in the blast.
I stood up in the center of the crater I had created as thousands of monstrous eyes glared down at me from above.
There was a breath of silence as I waited with Dawn’s Ballad in my hand. Mana surged around me, itching to let loose.
That’s when the first battle cry was unleashed. It came from a bipedal canine that appeared at least three times my height with claws and fangs that glowed menacingly.
It let loose a howl that spurred the others surrounding me, as if waking them up from their stupor. The zombie-like mana beasts that seemed almost drugged all spurred to life in a concert of cries, roars, and jarring screeches.
But piercing through the cries of the corrupted mana beasts was the thunderous roar of my bond as she landed. She immediately ripped out the bipedal canine’s throat with her fangs and slammed four other mana beasts with a swipe of her tail.
‘Try to keep up,’ Sylvie mocked as she continued tearing her way through the ocean of beasts.
With a chortle, I leaped out of the crater and on top of a reptilian mana beast with three tails. Before the beast could even make a sound, its head was already cleanly separated from its body and I was onto the next beast.
Disoriented and furious at our arrival, the mana beasts clumped together as they all tried to get their claws, talons, or paws on me. I constantly used wind magic to create space for me to swing my sword.
For some time, I limited my mana, using my battle prowess accumulated through my two lifetimes and Dawn’s Ballad to cut down the enemies that never ended. Killing one beast meant that two or three replaced it, but we had prepared for this. After all, this wasn’t a battle I was supposed to win; this was a battle of attrition.
In the chaos of battle where dozens of razor-sharp fangs and talons swiped at you from all directions, there was no time to communicate with each other. Sylvie and I relied on reading each other’s mental state in case one of us needed help.
Time crawled—or was it that time was flying by? It was impossible to tell as the debris from the battle had long since covered the sky. Swallowing my impatience, I limited mana usage to body strengthening and weapon augmentation as Dawn’s Ballad drew crescents of teal in debris-filled land.

A pack of wolves, each the size of Boo, carefully circled around me. Other mana beasts cleared the way, obviously fearful of the creatures clad in lightning.
These ones seem to have some brains, I thought. It was obvious by their murky black pelts that the wolves had been corrupted, but unlike the other beasts that had marched mindlessly toward the Wall, these ones remained alert and kept their formation.
The one leading the pack—a larger wolf with a spikier mane and horn—let out a bark and instantly, the twelve others pounced at me with crackling thunder glowing their surroundings.
Rather than waste energy dodging and killing them one by one, I cast twelve spikes of earth from the ground with the stomp of my feet. The thunder wolves were skewered mid-leap, giving me the leisure to go after the leader that had managed to dodge my spell.
Baring its teeth as tendrils of electricity gathered around him, the leader attacked. I dodged its mid-air slash, but the lightning surrounding its claws struck me in the shoulder.
More annoyed than in pain, I shrugged off the wound that had been mostly blocked by my aura and stabbed the wolf.
However, the tip of my teal sword had long since been broken, and was unable to pierce through the wolf’s thick mana-imbued fur.
Imbuing mana into Dawn’s Ballad and condensing it into a sharp point, I dashed forward and struck again. Blood was drawn this time and the thunder wolf struggled to get back up, but there was no time to celebrate my little victory.
Almost immediately, a flock of bat-winged birds swooped down with their sharp metal beaks homed in on me.
Putting Dawn’s Ballad back into my ring, I spread a blast of lightning into the air. The metal beaks dropped like flies, their wings still spasming from the shock as I quickly moved onto my next list of neverending targets in sight.
Despite our competitive banter earlier, Sylvie remained close as she continued to fight the onslaught of mana beasts. She fought with her wings tucked in, a flurry of claws and fangs as she dyed the ground in crimson.
Sylvie’s voice rang in my mind. ‘Arthur. These beasts seem off. Most of them aren’t even retaliating and just keep marching toward the Wall. Only some of the stronger ones and their packs are actually putting up a fight.’
I feel it too. I’m not sure what the Alacryans did. They must be controlling the beasts to get to the Wall no matter what, I replied, continuing to kill as many mana beasts as I could.
Giving my limbs—heavy from slashing through the tough hides and exoskeletons of the mana beasts—some reprieve, I began casting more spells. Spheres of fire, water and lightning orbited around me, burning, slashing and electrocuting beasts that came close enough while I cast spell after spell.
The terrain had become a domain of all elements; some parts of the ground had become scorched, with corpses still in flames, while other parts of the ground had become a garden of stone and ice spikes.
The metallic odor of fresh blood alongside the smell of burning fur and flesh mingled in the air, causing the devastated landscape to be even more unbearable to endure.
Navigating around the remains of my own spells and the corpses of fallen mana beasts—some of which were about the size of a small house—had become another challenge.
However, the turning point was when the S-class mana beasts began coming. The first one was a humanoid feline just twice my height made of pure muscle, fur, and claws.
Its speed and agility was on par with Kordri, my martial arts master from Epheotus. However, its major flaw was that it relied on only its speed, its attacks leaving it wide open.
“Come on!” I barked, dodging its clawed kick while nicking its neck. Blood rushed to my head, drowning out everything other than the opponent in front of me. The beast that had the ability to kill its victims long before they could even fear it hissed and dashed toward me. Its muscular hind legs left imprints on the hard ground, its body barely visible, but its attacks were linear.
“Thunderclap Impulse,” I murmured as the sensation of electricity coursing through my body left me even more focused. Withdrawing my teal sword once more marked the beginning of our second round.
The world around us blurred as I relished the battle. Each swipe of its mana-infused claws left deep gashes in the earth and oftentimes mana beasts nearby. Each failed attack of the S-class feline was a successful attack of mine as Dawn’s Ballad left its mark on the beast’s elegantly striped fur.
I had almost forgotten my objective as I dominated the S-class mana beast even without relying on Realmheart Physique. My legs ached from old wounds and the scratches left by the S class beast stung, but I was in much better shape than the panting oversized cat.

Heaving for breath and blood matting down its fur, the S-class beast warily backed away. It didn’t even manage to take four steps before I caught up and slashed its neck.
Picking the dead S-class beast by the scruff of its neck, I let out a roar. The mana beasts around me, no matter how deranged and feral they had become due to the Alacryans corrupting them, began to tremble in fear.

It would be easy to say that this is what war did to everyone. Part of it was true—fighting countless beasts slowly turned me into a beast myself. However, another part of it was that I enjoyed it.
Being surrounded by death, yet never being able to kill freely myself might have had something to do with it. The countless duels I had fought in my previous life had all been supervised and restricted by rules and laws. Here, it was different.
‘Arthur. Don’t lose yourself. Remember that this is a battle to protect, not a battle to kill.’
Sylvie’s words were like water splashed to my face. I had indeed lost myself, high on the freedom to wreak havoc. I had acted like a wild beast let loose from its cage.
Finally sober, I could feel the aches and wounds I hadn’t even realized existed began to take their toll.
That’s when I felt the next one. Before I could even see or hear it, I felt it. Even amongst the drone of countless mana beasts marching, the footsteps of the particular mana beast shook the earth.
It didn’t take long for me to see the towering monstrosity that trampled other its fellow corrupted beasts like they were insects.
Even as it stood on four legs, it was about three stories tall and every inch of its body was covered in a metallic hide. Spikes sprouted along its spine and at the end of its trunk-like snout was a dented metal orb the size of Sylvie’s head.
‘Do you need help?’ Sylvie asked, sensing my fear as I watched the colossal beast advance.
Not yet, I conveyed, putting Dawn’s Ballad back into my ring.
I threw out an arc of lightning at the beast but it didn’t even flinch as it continued making its way toward me. It swung its snout like a flail, bludgeoning mana beasts left and right. The mana beasts fortunate enough to evade its snout were soon trampled by its thick hooves as it charged at me. That’s when I saw him—a human.
The Alacryan mage, who had been riding between two of the spikes on the S-class beast’s back, was desperately holding on for his life. At this distance, it was easy to tell that this was not part of the plan.
That’s when it clicked. The weaker mana beasts appearing almost sedated and mostly ignoring Sylvie and I even as we killed them, the higher-tiered mana beasts seemingly possessing their own will even against the Alacryan’s struggles.
A plan began to bloom in my head as I watched Alacryan mage struggle with what appeared to be a black stone in his hand.
I cast a ball of fire at the towering beast, hitting its face. The flaming sphere splashed across its metallic hide without so much as a mark, but it did its job.
The beast bellowed and raised its front legs in anger. The Alacryan mage was barely able to hold on but the mammoth beast didn’t stop there. Making it its life goal to flatten me with its flail-like snout, the beast charged relentlessly. I, on the other hand, continued throwing spells just barely strong enough to annoy it while flying through the beast horde.
The mammoth beast created a path paved in decimation and crushed corpses as it continued to chase me. I used every creative method my brain could think of in order to get the beast as furious as possible while slowly whittling it down. I drove earthen spikes into its hooves, I layered the ground in ice so that it’d slip, but my half-assed spells weren’t doing anything.
Fire seemed to work best in annoying the beast, but when I shot another spell at it, a translucent shield flickered in its path, blocking my spell before it could hit.
I need your help now, Sylvie, I sent leisurely as I led the beast to where I could sense Sylvie was fighting.
‘Wow, how did you make it so angry?’ she replied, leaping into the air with a beat of her wings.

Pin the beast down for as long as you can, I instructed.
With a mental confirmation, Sylvie flew up into the sky before dropping back down in a nose-dive.
‘Keep it steady!’ she transmitted, showing the general range she’d be able to land.
Clearing the beasts around me with a gust of wind, I waited as the mammoth beast rushed toward me. Taking a deep breath, I waited for the moment just when the beast’s front legs were about to touch the ground as it charged. Precision, timing, and distance compounded made the spell that much harder, but as a white core mage, it felt natural, as if I was shaping clay.
At my behest, the ground just below the beast’s front feet splintered, sending the beast crashing on the ground. However, with the speed it had built up, its momentum continued to carry the beast and the mage riding on its back toward me.
Pummelling through every earthen wall I had conjured in its path until it was only a few yards away, I cursed in frustration.
Damn it, no choice.
Preparing my mind and body for the toll about to come, I waited until just before the beast was close enough before I activated Static Void.
With my control over both aether and mana making leaps and bounds during my ascent into the white core stage, I confined the time-pausing mana art into just the beast and the mage.
Even with the reduced range, the sheer size of the beast made my mana core protest. However, I persisted, biding time right up until Sylvie was about to crash into the beast.
‘Now!’ she screamed mentally.
I immediately released Static Void and leaped out of the way, almost crashing into the open jaw of a reptilian mana beast.
The force of Sylvie’s descent onto the beast sent a shockwave of wind and debris all around them. If I hadn’t erected a stone wall from the ground, I would’ve gotten blown away along with all the other beasts in the vicinity.
With no time to rest, I dashed toward the mammoth beast that was dazed but still alive and struggling to get out of Sylvie’s grasp.
Don’t kill it yet, I said to my bond.
‘I’m not confident I even can. Its hide isn’t as strong as my scales but it’s a lot thicker.’
Leaping up on top of the beast’s back, I picked up the unconscious mage and threw him on the ground.
The oblong black stone fell from his grasp. After picking it up, I formed an ice spike in my hand and drove it into the mage’s thigh.
The Alacryan, surprised at first to be awake and seeing me, quickly succumbed to the searing pain radiating out of his bleeding thigh.
Before he could even get the chance to speak, I held the black stone to his face. “Does this control the mana beasts?”
His eyes widened and he made a desperate swipe at the stone.
I conjured a stone nail, impaling his hand to the ground.
He let out another scream, and the mana beasts that smelled the blood of prey began drawing closer.
‘Hurry. I can’t keep him still for much longer,’ Sylvie conveyed.
I was about to ask again, when I realized that the mage was about to bite off his own tongue. Quickly, I held down his tongue, burning and searing his wound.
The mage let out another muffled wail before I froze his mouth shut.
“What is up with you Alacryans and killing yourself,” I sighed. “Well, if you won’t tell me, I might as well find out myself.”
The oblong stone wouldn’t react with any type of mana or even aether, so I did the only other thing I knew. I crushed it in my hand.





Chapter 216
Chapter 216: Battlefield
The mage stared at me with panic-stricken eyes as the crumbled fragments of the black stone fell from my grasp.
There was a tense moment as I waited for something to happen amidst the war zone besides the already-ensued chaos raging on.
Suddenly, as if a switch had been turned on, every mana beast in the vicinity seemed to have become provoked by my action.
The once glazed and lifeless eyes of the mana beasts now burned with fury. It wasn’t just at me though; the mana beasts began growling and hissing at each other, baring fangs, claws, and horns at one another.
It didn’t take long for hell to break loose. Beasts pounced on one another without even a semblance of sanity left amongst them. They leaped at me with reckless abandon, often getting caught by one another in the process.
Quickly drawing the two swords I had received from the Flamesworth blacksmith, I turned into a flurry of blades. I slashed and stabbed at the vitals of the mana beasts that attacked me until a mound of bloody carcasses accumulated beneath my feet.
However, despite the massacre that befell those who came close, the mana beasts continued to attack and throw their lives away as if possessed.
‘Arthur! I can’t hold on anymore!’ Sylvie’s struggling voice pierced through my mind.
I turned back to see the mammoth beast break free, eyes locked on me as he pawed the ground in preparation to charge while the pile of corpses continued to grow.
However, I didn’t fail to notice the subtle difference in the mammoth beast’s behavior. The way the beast glared down at me still indicated rage, but the very targeted, threatening act of scruffing the ground showed some level of intelligence.
It showed that it wasn’t thinking of blindly charging like before, but waiting for me to react somehow to its act of aggression.
As for me, rather than having the luxury to react to the mammoth beast, I was occupied by the neverending mana beasts that seemed hell-bent on ripping my limbs off.
“ Enough! ” I roared, releasing every ounce of murderous intent I had pent up over time.
To the naked eye, nothing had changed, but for anyone that had an ounce of sense, they felt it. Even the beasts, as deranged as they were, froze in their tracks and began trembling out of instinct.
This may not have worked while they were in their stupor moments ago, but now the beasts around me shrank back out of fear while some of the weaker ones even collapsed.

With finally some space to breathe, I took a step toward the mammoth beast. A path opened up as I walked, the mana beasts unable to bear being too close.
I locked eyes with the colossal S-class monster that stuck out above the sea of mana beasts wreaking havoc amongst one another, directing the entirety of my unabated bloodlust. It was a primitive thing to do, much like flexing your muscles in front of your opponent to discourage them, but it did its job.
The colossal monster broke eye contact with me, its body slackening. Finally, with a mournful bellow, the S-class beast turned and left, trampling smaller mana beasts with each step.
‘It’s been a while since I felt your bloodlust. A good reminder not to tease you too much,’ Sylvie said as she joined me at my side.
I cracked a smile before replying. It seems to only work on the more intelligent and powerful beasts, though.
The mana beasts that had been temporarily paralyzed by my intent had quickly broken free and resumed their mauling spree.
Turning around, I saw the Alacryan mage. Despite being bloody and incapacitated, he was still alive. None of the beasts seemed to even want to go near him.
Seeing how the crazed beast acted, it couldn’t have been out of pity or even out of loyalty to their supposed master.
“Now...” I peered down at the frightened mage. “I wonder how you’re still alive.”
Sylvie craned her neck and began sniffing at the mage I had nailed to the ground. ‘I’m not sure if it has anything to do with it, but there’s a rather repulsive stench coming from this human.’
The Alacryan mage let out a muffled whimper as my bond bared her fangs at him, but there was little else he could do.
As I contemplated whether to take the mage in for questioning or killing him on the spot and continue whittling down enemy numbers, the mage let out a slightly more coherent sound.
“Ah h-hell ooh, ah hell ooh,” he muttered through the melting ice binding his mouth shut.
Exchanging glances with Sylvie, I melted the ice around his lower face. “Speak. Any useless words and I’ll kill you on the spot.”
“I-I’ll tell you why they won’t attack me. Just promise you’ll let me live.”
I let the tip of my new sword rest on the mage’s mouth, just barely nicking the corner of his lips. “I hate making promises I know I won’t keep.”
Tears rolled down the mage’s cheeks as he glared daggers at me. “Then why should I tell you anything?”
The dirt and blood on his face did little to mask how young the enemy was, but it would be sloppy to show mercy. I pushed the blade just a little deeper; the mage let out a pained cry. “Because... a quick painless death is better than a long painful one.”

Using fire magic to heat the blade of my sword, I pressed it against the mage’s cheek. While the mana beasts around us were creating havoc, the majority of the beast horde was still making its way toward the Wall. I couldn’t waste too much time on this.
“All right! Please, just stop!” he screamed, stretching his head as far away from my sword as his neck would take him. “W-We have a serum that the corrupted beasts can’t stand during their frenzied state.”

“Where did you get it? Who else has this serum?”
The Alacryan shook his head vigorously. “I-I-I really don’t know this! I just know it’s precious so everyone who even gets it only gets a little bit of it to spray on themselves.”
With a terse nod, I stabbed my sword down into the Alacryan mage’s heart. The young mage’s eyes bulged but what surprised me was his lips that curved up into a smirk.
“It’s useless...even if you know,” he sputtered, blood leaking out of his mouth. “Long... live...”
Unable to even finish his sentence, the mage fell unconscious from the shock. He’d most likely die within a few minutes, painlessly in his sleep.
I pulled out my sword with a quick jerk and moved on. There was a lot more work to be done.
I spent the next hours on the ground, hacking, stabbing, and shooting mana beasts with swords and spells. My guidance under Kordri had honed my body to last for days with the help of mana arts and martial technique. There was no wasted effort in my movements and attacks as mana beasts, whether in a stupor or in their frenzied state, fell lifelessly beside me.
Even the time spent training with Kathyln, Hester, Buhnd, and Camus bore fruit. Having experience battling against multiple opponents really helped knowing how to best react to the unceasing waves of mana beasts—some of which were even able to cast long-distance magic—without overexerting my mana. Coupled with the mana-measuring discs that Emily had test out on me, I was able to limit the strength of my spells to its utmost efficiency.
How’s everything on your end, Sylvie? I asked while letting out a grunt. I pulled my lightning-clad sword out from inside a giant mana beast’s scorched eye socket. Much like the S-class mammoth beast I had scared off earlier, this one had a hide strong enough to put a chip in my new sword.
The beast crashed into the ground, flattening a few unfortunate mana beasts below it. Its lifeless body still crackled with arcs of lightning while its limbs spasmed.
‘A bit tired, I’ll admit, but I’m fine,’ she responded, her mental voice clear even from the distance between us.
Tired already? It’s only been like four hours of nonstop fighting, I teased, stabbing and pulling my sword out from the ribcage of a large primate mana beast.
The shortsword I had received as a set with my longer sword quickly became unusable, leaving me with only Dawn’s Ballad and my thin longsword that had already grown dull.
While the two of us continued our onslaught, my main focus had shifted to finding the other Alacryan mages. The serum that the enemy mage had told me about capable of basically concealing the user from corrupted beasts was an enticing bounty, and I already knew what to use it for.

However, even after the hours of searching, our efforts were fruitless. Just the sheer number of mana beasts alone made it almost impossible to even distinguish larger mana beats, let alone a human.
“Damn it,” I cursed, thrusting both my blades into the thick neck of a reptilian mana beast. “We’re running out of time.”
‘The Wall is getting closer, Arthur. The conjurers and archers will be in range to attack soon. It’ll be even harder to find the enemy mages then,’ Sylvie informed.
You’re right. And once the beast horde reaches the Wall and the trap that everyone set up activates, it’ll be impossible to find them, I responded back as I slashed through another pack of frenzied canine beasts.
‘What do you suggest?’ my bond asked as she fought her way through the hordes of beasts between us to get to me.
There’s no choice but to rely on Realmheart to search for the mages.
There was a moment of silence in our minds as I felt Sylvie think over her next words.
‘I want to keep your family safe as well, Arthur, but is it wise to deviate from your obligations as a general and lance? Using Realmheart will take a big toll on you and even then, we run the risk of it being for nothing.’
Gritting my teeth, I jumped up on Sylvie’s back. Memories of my fight with my parents during my last trip to the Wall flooded out of my mind and into my bond’s. It was faster letting her know this way than trying to explain.
It’s not wise, Sylv. I know that. But please, just for a little bit. I need to be able to tell myself that I’m giving my all to keep my family safe, and finding a serum might just do that.
Assuming everything went according to plan, we’d have to sacrifice parts of the Wall and the underground routes, and it’d be much safer for our melee troops to fight. But, even then, with so many people I cared about participating in this battle, it was impossible to not be anxious and afraid for them.
‘I understand,’ Sylvie sent empathetically as her powerful wings beat down. With a blast of wind, the two of us soared up into the sky, shooting past any of the aerial mana beasts before they could even react.
“I’m going to be relying on you to fight off any mana beasts while I focus on searching for the mages,” I said aloud.
Taking a deep breath, I ignited Sylvia’s beast will from deep within my mana core and let its power flow freely out into my body.
I felt the physical changes to my body as the warm surge of power filled me from the inside. Long white bangs obstructed my view while the runes covering my body and extending out to my limbs grew brightly, even through the thick clothes I wore.
Soon, my vision turned into shades of gray before flecks of colorful light began emerging out of thin air.
No matter how many times I had used this skill, it was breathtaking every single time. No matter how many spells were flung by mages and beasts, it was when I was able to physically see the very substance that made up all magic in the atmosphere that it felt like I had truly fallen into a magical world.
‘Focus, Arthur. Can you distinguish any of the Alacryan mages?’ Sylvie said with a hint of envy. My bond had yet to grasp this ability despite breaking out of the seal that her mother had placed on her before birth.
“Not really,” I replied, narrowing my gaze to try and pinpoint mana fluctuations that seemed different from the magic that the beasts were able to cast.
Sylvie continued flying across the length of the army, avoiding or killing any flying mana beasts that got in her way, while I scoured for any signs of the Alacryan mages hiding amongst them. It wasn’t until I pried my gaze from the sight below that I noticed something odd up toward the Elshire Forest.
Sylvie, can you take us higher for minute? I asked my bond, trying to make out what was happening up north.
Sensing my confusion and worry, we immediately ascended until it was impossible to make out the individual mana beasts below us. But as expansive and threatening the beast horde appeared, my focus was on a much bigger threat.
It wasn’t only the mana fluctuations that seemed to be made up of tens of thousands of mages, it was the trail—a bright trail of mana—leading from the army of what could only be the Alacryans straight to the heart of Elenoir Kingdom.





Chapter 217
Chapter 217: Decisions Made
TESSIA ERALITH
Darvus stepped up beside me, his knuckles white from gripping his dual axes for dear life. The smug grin that he always wore was nowhere in sight, replaced by furrowed brows and a tensed jaw. “This doesn’t look good, Tessia.”
I looked over my shoulder to see Stannard and Caria, and the two hundred-odd soldiers that made up my unit along with the ragtag squads of elven soldiers that had been placed under my command. Mixed amongst them were civilian elves garbed only in cloth or a leather apron for protection as well as whatever thin metal they could find and strap on. These were the men that stayed behind to protect their home and their fleeing loved ones.
Every one of them wore grim expressions. The soldiers gripped their weapons while the civilians anxiously clenched their kitchen knives and gardening tools, as the steady drone of marching grew louder and louder.
The once lively elven town just behind us had long since evacuated, but we knew with the many children and elders amongst them, if we fled here—if we couldn’t hold out long enough—they would all die. This wasn’t a matter of protecting an abandoned town in the outskirts; this battle would determine the momentum in the fight for Elenoir.
My heart pounded against my chest and my knees felt weak. No matter how strong my mana core was, no matter how much I had trained, I felt nothing but fear in this moment.
Yet, I couldn’t show it. I wouldn’t.
Because then, the morale of every one of these people behind me, relying on my strength as not just a mage and warrior but as a leader, would collapse.
Holding my feelings in, wearing a mask of confidence and strength—this was my burden.
I conjured the wind to carry my voice as I unsheathed my sword. Projecting a wave of mana, not only to convey power to my subordinates but also to reassure myself, I spoke.
“You all know of the report we received a few hours ago. You all know why we rushed here without rest.”
I turned around to face my allies despite the fear of leaving my back open to the army approaching. “We’re here because of the Alacryan army approaching Elenoir Kingdom. Not everyone here can call this land ‘home,’ but behind us are the children and elderly, fleeing for their lives after being forced to abandon their only home. The enemy marching toward us now will kill them and take over Elenoir, and if they succeed in this, Sapin will be next.”
Murmurs of consensus rang throughout the crowd.
“Our numbers are few but I, for one, am honored to be the first line of defense in keeping that from happening,” I declared, raising my voice just a notch louder. “Lance Aya, along with every able-bodied elf, are marching down here to aid us as we speak, but the question is this...”
I held up my sword. “Will you join me in not just fighting this battle, but protecting the weak and helpless from the Alacryans?”
There was just a breath of silence where I was afraid my pounding heart would be heard by all of the soldiers in front of me until a roar of cheers and battle cries resounded.
At my signal, a line of defense formed around me and the rest of my ranged troops. “Conjurers, archers, ready your weapons!”
The foreboding thrump, thrump, thrump, thrump, of the Alacryan soldiers marching grew louder and louder within the dense veil of the fog and trees between us.
I pointed my sword forward. “Prepare your attacks!”
With my heightened senses and familiarity with the Elshire Forest, I knew rather than saw as the enemy vanguards came in range.

I thrust my weapon, sending out condensed bolts of wind. “Fire!”
An array of colors dotted my line of sight. Arcs of lightning, blades of wind, blasts of fire, and sharp shards of earth flew toward the enemy alongside dozens of arrows.
I held up my sword for everyone to see before signaling another flight of spells and pointed steel. “Fire!”
Another volley of colors rained down on the enemy, still mostly obscured by the forest environment. Shimmers of light shaped like shields and walls deflected or even absorbed our attacks, but that wasn’t the only problem. The thick trees and jutting branches of the Elshire Forest were against us.
“Another flight?” Stannard proposed hopefully, gripping his artifact in preparation for another spell.
“Ranged spells and arrows won’t win this battle.” I turned to Vedict, the one in charge of the front line. “Order the warriors and augmenters to break their line for the rest of us.”
With a nod, the steel-clad elf raised his shield and ran forward, relaying my decree. Gallant soldiers in both leather and metal armor ignited their cores and charged forward into a battle where we stood vastly outnumbered. They vanished from sight into the thick fog, but I could still hear the thunder of their magic-infused charge.
Steeling not only by weapon and body but my will, I looked at Stannard, Darvus, and Caria—my closest friends, and most trusted aides. None of us said a word, but with our time spent in battles, our gazes long since spoke volumes to each other and we all seemed to be saying the same thing. ‘Let’s get out of this alive.’
I reached for the necklace Arthur had given me around my neck. I mustn’t cry.
Kissing the pendant, I tucked it into my cloak, vowing to keep it—and our promise—safe.
Reaching deep into the pit of my stomach, I let out a guttural cry. “ Charge!”
ALBANTH KELRIS
“Captain,” a concerned voice sounded from my side.
Prying my eyes off of the beast horde slowly gaining ground, obscured by the blanket of dust, I looked down at my assistant. “What is it?”
Sinder, the well-toned man, who I had trained and groomed since he was just a kid, pointed down toward my hands.
I now realized that the reinforced railings built to keep soldiers from accidentally falling off the top of the Wall had become bent out of shape.
“Ah.” Readjusting my grip, I twisted it back into its proper form before letting go.
With a gentle smile, my assistant placed an armored hand on my pauldron. “I know it’s in your blood to worry and overthink, but look at the mayhem General Arthur is causing to our enemy.”
We, along with everyone else positioned at the Wall, were watching. With how large the enemy army was, it was almost impossible to keep track of where the young lance was within that sea of mana beasts. But every now and then, we’d notice the small changes occurring within their ranks, like small nuts and bolts becoming undone, causing the larger pieces to become more unstable.
I let out a sharp breath. “I know, Sinder. But it just pains me to be standing here twiddling my thumbs while the lance has been tirelessly fighting for hours.”
“Our time will come. No matter how strong the general is, he is only one man. He will need our support soon,” my assistant reassured. “Now please, Captain, broaden your shoulders and don’t let the soldiers see you faltering.”
“Since when did you become all grown up?” I teased, smacking Sinder’s back and almost throwing him over the edge of the Wall.

The soldiers around us laughed at our little show. Sinder, nearly killed by his own captain, wasn’t as amused but his expression softened after noticing the atmosphere lightening.
I continued making my rounds, walking the length of the Wall to make sure everything was in place for when our battle would begin. It wasn’t a job that a captain should be doing, but seeing my men and encouraging them when need be was something that helped me as well.
These soldiers that I had trained, lectured and sometimes even sparred with, relied on me, and in this moment when we’d be facing an army of beasts much larger in number, they needed my presence.

“Wess! I’m not seeing you shake, am I?” I called out to a middle-aged conjurer gripping his staff. Patting his shoulder, I shot him a smile. “After this fight, let’s have your wife make us one of her mean crumbled pies, okay?”
The conjurer let out a laugh, his body visibly relaxing. “It’s just like you to be thinking of food at a time like this, Captain. Very well, Maryl will be delighted to know that you like her pie that much.”
I gave him a wink before continuing my stroll. It wasn’t much—wave here, a joke there, making a plan for the future—anything to get the soldiers’ heads out of the dark hole caused by the looming battle.
That’s when I saw General Arthur’s little sister... Eleanor was her name, if I wasn’t mistaken. The little girl was hard to notice with the large mana beast beside her. Stella, the soldier that I had assigned to her, was nowhere in sight, replaced by a dark-haired archer with bright eyes. She seemed to be teaching her the basics of firing from higher ground.
“Miss Leywin,” I greeted. “What happened to the soldier I had assigned you?”
The little girl stiffened into a rather clumsy salute. “Ah, yes! Hello, Captain...”
“Albanth.” I smiled before turning to the woman that was teaching her. “And you are?”
The sharp-eyed woman saluted gracefully. “Helen Shard, Captain. My apologies for the confusion. I’m this one’s longtime instructor so I relieved Stella of her duty to watch after her.”
“I see,” I smiled. I was relieved that the general’s younger sister wasn’t the one to shrug off her protector. “In that case, I will leave her in your care.”
“Yes sir!” she said, brimming with confidence.
“Miss Leywin.” I turned to face the approaching beast horde that appeared to be getting even larger than I imagined. “Do you still feel up for helping us out even after seeing that?”
“Yes.” The little girl’s expression hardened as she gripped her intricate bow. “My brother is fighting out there with only Sylvie to help him. The least I can do with all the training I’ve been getting is help him and my parents, who are here as well.”
She couldn’t have been older than twelve or thirteen, yet here she was, with little traces of innocence and youth left. I wanted to ask whether her parents knew she was here and if they would approve, but it wasn’t my place to do so. Giving her and the archer named Helen a salute, I continued my walk until I spotted a messenger running toward me.
Seeing how hard he was breathing, people would think that he had climbed the entire height of the Wall with his bare hands. The messenger dipped his head before speaking to me. “Senior Captain Trodius has called for a meeting and has requested your presence immediately.”
“Got it. Thank you,” I replied before immediately heading to the main tent.
By the time I arrived, Captain Jesmiya was leaving the tent with a rather particularly sour expression. She bumped my shoulder while muttering a string of curses under her breath.
“Captain Jesmiya,” I called out, grabbing the captain’s arm.
The blonde-haired captain whirled around, her free hand already holding her saber before realizing who I was.

“Captain Albanth,” she nearly spat out while sheathing her sword.
Surprised by her venom, I asked her what was going on, only for her to shrug me off with a cold shoulder. “Ask Trodius, ” she hissed before striding away.
I opened the entrance to the tent to see Captain Trodius going through some paperwork in that eerily impeccable posture he always had.
The captain knew I was here but he continued on with his work as if to make a statement. This went on for a few minutes before I couldn’t wait any longer and cleared my throat. “Senior Captain—”
A raised finger cut me off. The man didn’t even look in my direction until he had finally finished whatever it was he was doing, despite the fact that he had sent a messenger for this ‘urgent’ meeting.
Finally, after meticulously filing his papers into three even piles, he looked up and locked eyes with me. “Captain Albanth.”
“Sir!” I saluted, my armor clanging loudly.
“Have your melee troops prepare to march,” he stated. “They will be confronting the beast horde in the terms that we dictate.”
“Excuse me?” I asked, confused. “My apologies, Senior Captain, but it was to my understanding that the melee troops would enter combat only after we’ve lured a majority of the beast horde into the trap we had—”
“Captain Albanth,” the senior captain interrupted again. “Do you know how many resources we’ve expended excavating the underground passages for our trailblazer divisions to safely explore the Beast Glades? I won’t go as far as to weigh the value of lives between the efforts spent on this fortress, but just realize that it doesn’t make sense logistically to detonate the underground routes.”
“But, Sir.” I took a step forward only to be met with a blazing glare from Trodius. Taking a step back, I continued. “With General Arthur’s plan, we’ll be able to immobilize the majority of the beast horde. This will give our melee forces a much better chance to sur—”
“As I have stated before, Captain Albanth , I won’t go as far as to weigh the value of lives...” The senior captain let his sentence trail off, letting me know that was exactly what he was doing.
“Besides, the lance said it himself—it was only a suggestion. I said nothing at the meeting out of respect for his position, but he’s but a boy that’s ignorant of war. It’d be in your best interest to realize that as well.”
Clenching my fists behind my back, I stood silent.
Trodius took the silence as my answer and gave me that fake smile that seemed to work so well with the people who didn’t truly know him. “Good! Then we’ll have your melee troops advance immediately. You and your troops will do whatever it takes to hold your ground until Jesmiya’s forces are ordered to come around the flank to assist you. By then, the archers and conjurers in position will be in range to fire freely at their backline.”
Gritting my teeth in anger, I was barely able to respond with a nod before turning around to leave. Suddenly, Jesmiya’s mood back when we had run into each other seemed too pleasant after hearing this conversation.
“Oh, and Captain Albanth?” the senior captain called out. “I realize that through this, the death toll will be higher, but know that our victory will be that much greater for having kept this vital fortress standing after all of this.”
ARTHUR LEYWIN
‘Arthur.’
My gaze shifted from the Wall, barely visible over the dust that hung in the air, back to the sight of the Alacryan army well within the forest.
‘Arthur!’ Sylvie’s voice rang louder.
“I don’t know!” I snapped. “I don’t know what to do, Sylvie.”
My role was to stay here, to help the forces of the Wall defeat this beast horde. Even if all of this was nothing but a diversion, my family and the Twin Horns were still here. What if something happened to any of them after I had left? On the flip side, what if Tess was in danger? With so many elves stationed around Sapin, it would be almost impossible for Elenoir to properly defend against an army of that size.
‘I know it’s a hard decision,’ she responded, her soothing voice calming me just a tad. ‘Rest assured that I will support whatever choice you make.’
The gears in my brain turned tirelessly while I debated. After my emotions had quelled a bit, my logical side stepped in. It reassured me that the traps already set for the beast horde once they got to the Wall would greatly lower the chances of the melee forces getting killed in combat, let alone a skilled augmenter like my father.
Pressed for time as both the beast horde and Alacryan army advanced relentlessly toward their destination, I made my decision.
“Sylvie. We’re going to Elshire Forest.”





Chapter 218
Chapter 218: From Leader To Soldier
TESSIA ERALITH
Digging my feet into the ground as I leaped forward, I used a mana vine to pull myself to the nearest enemy mage. The surprised Alacryan didn’t even have enough time to turn toward me before my swordstaff sunk deep into his waist. The blood rolled right off as I pulled out my weapon, leaving its pale blade spotless.
“Tessia, duck!” the familiar voice of my teammate rang from behind.
I immediately shot back, giving room for Caria to dive down on another Alacryan from the tree she was on.
“Nice!” I shouted back as I released a bolt of wind to knock back an enemy gaining on Stannard.
“Thank you!” he shouted. His artifact had finished charging, unleashing a blast of mana directly at an approaching mob of enemy soldiers.
Darvus came into view, his dual axes creating sparks and trails of fire as he cleaved both flesh and steel to support our small conjurer.
“We can’t let them get past this point!” I reminded them as Caria flew into action as well, her gauntlets enveloped in thick mana.
We can do this, I reassured myself, watching my teammates battle alongside our other unit of mages. Hachi, one of our new recruits, stood out even from this distance as he stood a head taller than everyone else with his flame-clad fists.
Suddenly a bright beam of ice shot down from a tree nearby. Caria managed to dodge it and Hachi was barely able to dive out of the way, but a nearby elf from his team wasn’t as lucky.
Damn it, I cursed, watching as my ally fell.
With a mana-infused leap, I landed on the branch that a long-range mage had been perched on. Before she could even let out a noise, a fatal wound had already been made. The body slumped and fell off the tree.
Letting out a sharp breath, I surveyed the battlefield below, making sure there weren’t any other enemy conjurers in range to hurt my teammates.
Instead, what I saw was chaos. With the foliage blending in with the trees and ground as well as the thick blanket of fog ever present, it was hard to tell exactly how many enemies there were and how many of my allies were left.
A scream pierced through my ears. It came from nearby. Not knowing whether it was friend or foe that made the pained cry, I whirled toward the source.
It was an elf. From the leather apron fashioned clumsily with a metal sheet on the chest—most likely a baking pan—I could tell instantly he was a civilian that had chosen to stay and defend his town.
The elf crumpled lifelessly to the ground while a puddle of blood formed around him. The killer was an Alacryan mage that had a spinning ring of wind surrounding his open hands. He wore a proud sneer while trampling over the elf’s body.
My blood burned with righteous anger at the sight. Landing deftly on the ground, I sprinted toward the enemy, fully intent on removing him from this battle.
“Tessia! Where are you going?!” I heard Darvus’ voice behind me.
“I’ll be right back!” I responded, not bothering to turn back.
My vision narrowed on the enemy mage as I easily cleared the distance between us, but just as I was about to drive my blade into the unsuspecting enemy mage, a golden pane of light flickered between us. The barrier shattered but it gave the mage enough time to scurry out of my path.
“Sneaky little thing,” the enemy mage spat. A chill ran down my spine as I noticed the man’s eyes quickly scanning my body as if the armor and cloth I wore was nonexistent.
He licked his lips while the whirling blades of wind surrounding his hands grew larger. “You’re lucky we’re in a rush, otherwise I would’ve taken my time with you.”
“No,” I replied coldly, honing in my killing intent and the first phase of my beast will into the enemy. “ You’re lucky that I’m in a rush.”
It wasn’t my first time using my beast will, but I had never used it on another person. Regardless, beast or man, the mage knew how outclassed he was.
“Sh-Shield!” he screamed as he dashed toward him, reaching past his guard in the blink of an eye.
Once again, a golden light flickered into existence, but before it could even fully manifest, the sharp tendrils of mana surrounding me had already pierced several holes into the mage’s body.

Without thinking, I looked down, my gaze was drawn toward the dead elf beside me. His empty eyes seemed to be looking back at me, blaming me.
I can do this, I repeated through gritted teeth.
“Tessia! We need you back!” a familiar voice rang nearby. It was Caria, facing against a group of Alacryans. Her expression was grim but she wasn’t losing her ground even against three enemy mages.
“I’ll be right there!” I shouted before augmenting my sight. I peered through the layer of fog to try and find any of the so-called ‘shields’ hiding. With my mobility and senses, I had the best chances of knocking down their defenses.
Just as I spotted a shield conjuring a panel of light around a group of Alacryans, an enemy mage charged at me.
I don’t have time for this! I easily dodged his flame-clad spear and carved a bloody line through his neck when I spotted another ally in need of help.
There was a human soldier backed up against a tree with two enemy mages closing in on her. I knew my main job was to reinforce my teammates to stop the Alacryan troops from advancing but my body moved without thinking.
With a flick of my wrist, roots shot up from below the two Alacryans, anchoring their feet to the ground.
Wind Cutter.
Compressing the air around my swordstaff, I launched a translucent crescent of wind.
This time, an earthen wall launched up from the ground. My spell left a scar on the stone shield but by the time I could get past their defense, the human girl was already on the ground with a frozen spike jutting out from her chest.
I cursed inward, angry at myself for being too late. Meanwhile, the enemy mages managed to free themselves from my shackles of roots and prepared their next attack—this time, at me.
With a manic cry, the mage dashed toward me, his entire right arm enveloped by a lance made of ice.
It took a little less than a single thought to command the emerald vines of mana to knock aside his feeble attack and puncture a hole through his stomach and chest.
My eyes shifted toward my dead ally that was still leaning against the tree.
I cursed again. I needed to take down all of these mages. The more I brought down, the better chances my allies had. That was my duty.
I kept my mana usage constantly in check as the emerald aura surrounding me shot out more translucent vines that whipped, wrapped, and pierced enemies nearby. My thin blade whistled and sang through the air, drawing arcs of enemy blood wherever it landed.
Constantly reminding myself that each enemy I eliminated was an ally saved, I persevered and continued fighting.
This is the right thing to do.
While the forest was a handicap to many, the endless rows of trees worked to my advantage. Not only did I control the emerald vines of mana constantly protecting me, but every tree around me also beckoned to call.
“Focus the gray-haired girl!” a shout sounded from afar. Seconds later, a condensed beam of fire came into view from the top of a tree.
Rather than dodge it and hope none of my allies would get hit by the blast, I waved my swordstaff and channeled a spell through the mana-amplifying gem on its hilt.
Thick roots from beneath my feet rose from the ground, sacrificing themselves by taking the beam of fire.
Thankfully the fog makes it hard for fires to spread here, I thought as the burned roots withered away.
“Head Tessia!” a desperate cry rang nearby.
I whipped my head back. On the ground just a dozen yards away was Hachi.
The burly man was laying on the ground, his hand desperately reaching out for me just before a stone hammer crushed his head.
His arm dropped to the ground, crimson spreading from where the earthen hammer had dropped.
“No!” I yelled, seething in anger. However, the source of my rage didn’t last much longer as a glowing axe promptly separated the Alacryan’s head from his neck.
Darvus appeared behind the Alacryan’s corpse, his eyes fierce. “Are you out of your mind? Why the hell did you break formation and go off on your own like that?!”

“It’s not like that!” I retorted. “I was saving our troops!”
“Yeah?” he scoffed, “Well because of that, Hachi died. You were supposed to be in position to back him and his team up!”
I shook my head, my face burning from being blamed. “Y-You don’t understand, there were—”

“We all had our positions assigned—that you assigned. Because you ran off, two others are critically injured and their right flank is completely exposed! In what world is that ‘saving our troops?’” he cut me off.
Before I could respond, Darvus dashed off, taking out his anger on the unfortunate enemies nearby.
Snapping out of my daze, I tried going after him when, suddenly, a searing pain spread from my back.
The protective aura from my beast will kept me from toppling over and the damage felt minimal, but it still felt like cold water had been dumped on me.
If the attack had been stronger, I could’ve died.
The promise I made to my teammates, the promise I had made with Arthur, would’ve been broken because I was so caught up in trying to save as many of my troops as I could.
Snap out of it, Tessia! Darvus is right, we need to stay in formation.
I made my way back toward my initial position, exerting more mana into the emerald aura protecting me. I mowed my way through the waves of enemy soldiers wielding weapons of steel and conjured elements that attempted to advance forward to my team.
Turning into a whirlwind of blade and magic, I fought through but we were vastly outnumbered. Even after part of their force had broken off toward Elenoir, the difference in numbers were obvious, but I could only hope that General Aya’s army would take care of them.
Damn it, why am I not getting closer?! I cursed, trying to find Stannard, Caria, and Darvus.
It was impossible to tell how much time had passed since the battle first began, but one thing was painfully clear: I wasn’t fit to be a leader.
It didn’t matter that I was a silver core mage with an S-class beast will. Getting emotional over every ally death I encountered justified that I was incompetent to make rational decisions for the betterment of the whole.
The guilt that I felt manifested itself into a voice in my head, constantly reminding me that I was the one that led every one of my allies here to their death.
I continued making my way toward my initial position, when I finally spotted one of them just a few dozen yards away.
“Stannard!” I yelled, hoping the conjurer could hear me over the chaos.
However, my voice attracted someone else’s attention—a person that looked different from the rest of the enemies around me.
Cutting me off was a brightly armored human riding on a corrupted wolf-like beast.
He looks like someone important, I convinced myself as I watched his long blonde hair billow, unobstructed by any form of protection on his head.
Guards of a different caliber than the rest of the Alacryan soldiers surrounded me, obstructing my path, but as I prepared to confront them, the man spoke.
“Leave the girl to me,” he asserted.
I kept my face impassive as the armor-clad man jumped off his mount and unhurriedly approached me. Even from this distance, I could see that his black armor was a finely crafted suit of both plate and chainmail. Hanging on either side of his waist were two ornate-looking swords embroidered with fine jewels on the hilt.
He unsheathed his swords. “As expected of Tessia Eralith. To barely have any wounds. It’s an honor to meet you like this.”
Keeping my swordstaff pointed at the man, I cautiously stepped forward. “How do you know my name?”
He smiled politely. “You can call me Vernett.”
The translucent green vines thrashed wildly around me as if portraying my anger. I hated when they talked. It made them seem less like savage enemies that we had to kill.

My voice lowered into a threatening growl. “You didn’t answer my question.”
Vernett shrugged as he got into a fighting stance. “Perhaps beating me in combat might make me talk. Afterall, you Dicathians seem to love interrogation.”
That’s how you want to play it.
The hardened soil beneath my feet cracked as I dashed toward the blonde-haired Alacryan, getting in range before he could properly react.
Yet, as the mana tendrils I shot forth approached the man named Vernett, they slowed drastically, coming to a complete stop before even reaching him.
The Alacryan had a smug grin on his face as he used that chance to swing his blade. The attack was fast but after training under so many elites, it was easily dodgeable.
I followed up with my sword this time, only for it to feel as if I was swinging through a thick viscous liquid. By the time my blade reached Vernett’s unprotected neck, the speed had diminished so greatly that it couldn’t even draw blood.
The battle continued, but we were at a stalemate. I was clearly stronger, faster, more adept in combat, but because of his unique variant of defensive water magic, I couldn’t land a solid hit.
It didn’t help that this ‘leader’ constantly moved around the battlefield. He weaved through other skirmishes, never staying in one place long.
“After all your talk, you’re scurrying around like a mouse?” I spat, unable to keep the venom out of my voice.
Vernett let out a laugh. “Why bother butting heads when I’m clearly at a disadvantage.”
I launched a crescent of wind in the feeble hope of getting through his defensive aura, but the man didn’t dodge, rather, he grabbed a nearby soldier—my soldier—and used him as a shield.
The man’s chest spurted blood despite his silver chestplate. His eyes, wide with shock, locked onto me before his head drooped lifelessly.
“Bastard!” I roared, dashing toward him.
The filth of a man threw the body he had used as a shield at me in order to keep his distance.
“What good is your position when you’re nothing but an infant wearing a shiny badge?” he gloated as he sliced off the leg of another one of my soldiers, purposely leaving him alive and in agony.
“Shut up!” Imbuing more mana into my beast will, the emerald vines surged with power, extending up toward the trees and killing two of the long range Alacryan mages.
Using the gap in their offense, I propelled myself toward Vernett.
He dodged the vines I threw at him, his smile never wavering as he used one of his own troops to block another one of my attacks.
Scurrying further away, he shouted, “You should’ve kept the tiara on your head, little princess. Leading with a sword doesn’t suit you.”
“Shut up, shut up, shut up!” I screamed. Succumbing to my rage, I activated the second stage of my beast will.
Suddenly, the world around me turned a hue of green. Sounds of battle became muffled while my body seemed to almost move on its own.
Finally, the blonde Alacryan seemed fazed. Concern showed on his face but it was too late. I reached out and a hand of translucent green held Vernett in a tight grip while the trees around him formed a cage around him.
“Call off your troops,” I growled, my voice coming out distorted.
Vernett coughed out blood from the air getting squeezed out of his lungs. I could feel his ribs cracking through my magic, but a smile blossomed on his face. “Take a look around you. What troops?”
For the first time in what seemed like our entire battle, I pried my eyes off the scumbag in my grip and looked around. The battle had moved forward—no, I had been led back.
Afar, I could see my troops getting bulldozed without me, more and more of their corpses scattered around the forest floor. Perhaps it was due to my beast will’s second stage, but I could clearly see how much the numbers on my side had dwindled... because of me. Because I had prioritized playing to this man’s tunes.
“I’m happy you think so highly of me, but like yourself, I’m merely a distinguished soldier,” he gurgled, blood leaking out from the corners of his mouth. “The difference between us is that I know I’m only pretending to be one.”
As my vision swam from rage and other indescribable emotions, a piercing pain shot through my chest.
I found myself looking up at the forest sky, my body frozen and cold. Vernett’s pained but arrogant expression soon came into my view as he looked down on me.
What had happened? Another enemy mage?
Vernett clicked his tongue in disapproval. “My my, were you so mad at me that you couldn’t even see the mage hiding in the tree straight in your line of sight?”
I closed my eyes, waiting to die, with nobody to blame but myself.
That was when the horn blared from the distance. And when I opened my eyes, Vernett was gone.
Replacing him stood General Aya, looking at me with an expression so cold that I half wished that I had died.





Chapter 219
Chapter 219: Army Approaching
ARTHUR LEYWIN
Compared to the rate of my thoughts and worries speeding by within my mind, the hours in the sky crawled by.
If I wasn’t looking back towards the fading sight of the beast army out of sheer guilt that I was leaving the troops—and my family—at the Wall behind, I was focusing on the bright path of mana that made a road straight to what I suspected was the heart of Elenoir Kingdom.
‘What sort of spell is capable of such a thing?’ my bond asked as we followed along the path shining even through the thick layer of fog above the forest.
I’m not entirely sure but seeing as how the trail sort of zig zags around various points leading up North, I don’t think it’s a single powerful spell but an accumulation of the same spell creating a path.
It was just my speculation—rather, it was my hope. The thought of an enemy mage being able to basically nullify the ambient magic of the forest with a single conjuration scared me.
Snapping myself out of the pessimistic thoughts, I urged Sylvie to fly just a bit faster. It was already worrying enough thinking about something happening to my family or one of the Twin Horns, but thinking of not being able to make it to Tess in time left me trembling in sweat.
After about another hour of scouring above the forest, following the crooked path of mana almost palpable even without Realmheart, I finally spotted signs of a battle in the distance.
Mana fluctuations were apparent even above the thick canopy of trees below us but what worried me was the fact that they were old. This meant that the battle had ended, and it was impossible to tell from this distance which side had won.
Sensing my shift in emotions, Sylvie dived down closer to the forest, fast approaching the location that I had imprinted into my mind and into her as well.
As we approached closer and closer to our destination, however, a figure hovering over the blanket of trees and fog soon caught our attention.
What worried me more than his familiar appearance was the fact that he leaked no mana. Compared to the oppressive tidal wave that was Uto, this man was the eye of a terrible storm—just like his master.
Sylvie stopped about a dozen yards away. This time, it was her fear and anxiousness that was leaking into me.
“Cylrit,” I greeted the Vritra clad in black armor as he stood in the air, his purple cloak billowing behind him.
The retainer dipped his head before responding back with a brusque expression. “Lance.”
Despite my impatience, I exchanged a glance with Sylvie, who had transformed into her human form.
I was at a loss.
My instincts urged me to fight him; he was an enemy. But at the same time, the scythe above him had saved my life and the reason Sylvie and I were able to advance past our respective bottlenecks.
Imbuing mana into my voice, I asked hesitantly, “Are we to fight?”

“I have been instructed to keep you from advancing further,” he replied simply without a single change in his expression.
“And if I were to say that I have to advance?” I pushed, getting ready to release Realmheart once again.
Cylrit’s sharp eyes narrowed, but his voice was still calm as he answered. “It is for your benefit, Lance Leywin. My master wishes for you to be in optimal health before the final battle and partaking in the defense for the elven kingdom will make that difficult.”
“Seris said this was for my benefit?” I blurted.
“My master’s name isn’t something you should speak so casually, human.” Cylrit’s voice didn’t change, but a sharp bloodlust surged from him at the mention of the scythe’s name.
Matching the pressure he emanated, I spoke back, unable to keep the venom out of my voice. “Watch your tone, Cylrit. I chose to exchange words with you out of courtesy for your master. ”
“Courtesy?” the vritra’s expression darkened, changing for the first time. “Master Seris saved your life. I suggest you heed her words and clean up the mess happening in your fortress.”
My eyes remained locked with his. “We’re going to Elenoir.”
“Knowing how to sacrifice is a part of war,” Cylrit said, still trying to persuade me. “Wasting your efforts here won’t help you even if you manage to succeed in defending Elenoir.”
“You don’t think I know that?” I growled, unable to hold back. The wind stilled and the air grew so thick it was almost tangible.
Beside me, I could feel the worry from my bond, but at this moment, I didn’t care. Coming all this way was me already sacrificing the soldiers that would get injured or killed in battle from the beasts that I failed to kill. Who was he to preach about something I’d had to experience for two separate lives.
The vritra’s brows furrowed in frustration. “Go back, lance. If you want a chance of saving Dicathen, you should worry about bigger things.”
I silently approached Cylrit. “Move aside. You’re mistaken if you think you can keep us both here. A lot has changed since our fight against Uto.”
Seris’ retainer clicked his tongue before holding out his arm. A thick black fog swirled around his outstretched hand, manifesting into a pitch black greatsword almost twice the owner’s height. “Very well. If you insist on fighting, allow me to prove you wrong.”
CURTIS GLAYDER
Lanceler Academy, Kalberk City
“Keep your formations!” I barked as I followed closely behind the group of students riding my bond. “Vanguards, keep your shields up! Trust in your mounts to protect your legs. That’s it!”
The twelve students followed the marked path for this particular drill while the archers a few dozen yards away were already in position to fire.
“Release!” I shouted at the archers.
A volley of blunted arrows struck the line of students riding clawed equines owned by Lanceler Academy. As practiced, the students shrugged forward on their mounts, raising their shields and using their left knees to help support them against long-range attacks.
Some of the students were slow in raising their shields while others weren’t able to augment their bodies in time to withstand the volley of projectiles. Those unfortunate students were knocked off the mana beast they were mounted on and tumbled on the dirt trail.
Grawder, my bond, let out a disappointed grunt as he trotted towards the students groaning on the ground.

“Tanner, Gard, Lehr,” I called.
The three students bolted up from the ground and saluted. “Sir!”

Stroking my world lion’s deep red mane, I passed by them. “Each of you owes me twenty sets of shield press without using mana.”
The three new recruits’ faces blanched at my words. Letting out a sigh, we trailed behind the remaining students still riding their mounts.
The practice ran for another two hours as we reviewed a few more formations. Eventually, the clawed equines had to recoverst, bringing the session to a brief rest.
“All right, walk your mounts to the lake and take an hour break!” I called, hopping off of Grawder.
Beneath the hundred-year-old tree, I leaned my back against Grawder, enjoying the cool breeze in the shade. One of my favorite things about this school was the fact that it was so close to Mirror Lake.
I took out some dried beef and fresh bread from my dimension ring and watched as the students separated into their respective circles of friends. Tanner, Gard, and Lehr squatted by the edge of the lake, raising their steel shields above their heads.
Some of the other students had already finished their light meals and began sparring with the blunted weapons used for training.
“As expected of Lanceler students,” a familiar voice sounded from behind me. “Even as trainees, they can never stay still.”
I looked up, not bothering to standget, and shot the retired knight a smirk. “What does that make me, then?”
“A lazy fool,” he retorted, taking a seat beside me in the grass.
I ripped off a chunk of my bread and passed him the side of the old man’s favorite broth that I had stored in my ring as well. “A student is only as good as his teacher, Instructor Crowe.”
“ Ex- instructor,” he scoffed but accepted the snack with a smile. “And it seems like growing up as royalty only taught you how to talk well.”
The two of us sat silently, enjoying the glittering view of the lake. We’d let out a chuckle or a laugh here and there while watching the students make fools of themselves either while sparring or playing in the water. The few girls present were always flocked by the males students doing whatever they could to try and impress their female counterparts.
“Looking at these youths frolic without a care in the world, it’s hard to imagine that we’re in the middle of a war,” Crowe said softly.
“Definitely,” I agreed. “Hearing the stories coming from the eastern border of Sapin, I’m frustrated in one sense because I’m not there helping out, but I’m also relieved because I don’t think my students are anywhere near ready to face Alacryan soldiers.”
“You know, I remember being pretty discontent when I heard the news of you coming to Lanceler. I remember thinking of you as another spoiled noble that found a position here due to your connections.” My former instructor turned his gaze to me. “I was wrong about you, Curtis. You were hard-working from day one, and you were happy to hear your mistakes because that gave you room to improve.”
Not used to hearing compliments from the strict ex-knight, I felt my cheeks starting to flush. “Well, being an adequate mage and fighter iwas one thing, but I didn’t know anything about teaching.”
“Exactly! So why is it so hard for some of you nobles to admit that you don’t know something, or you’re not good at it? It still baffles me to this day.”

I let out a chuckle. “Think of it as an inferiority complex. Nobles are taught to either have no weakness or, if we haved one, to never show it.”
“That’s one good thing about when you’re in battle. At that moment when you’re one of the countless soldiers in the front line, there is no strategy,” the old knight huffed.
“Is that your excuse for never trying to go into leadership or strategic positions?” I smirked.
“Why you little—” Crowe hooked me with his arm and began grinding his knuckles on my head while Grawder groaned in protest from being woken up.
“Okay, okay! I surrender!”
The two of us continued bickering as we laughed. Despite the rather short time I had come here to teach students, there was an abundance of stories to exchange to one another on a perfect day like this.
After the short hour of break time had passed, the two of us got up.
“Back to the training grounds in full armor within fifteen minutes!” I yelled.
The students stiffened at my voice and scurried back up the hill where we had practice.
“They listen to you well,” Crowe commented, smiling as he saw some of the students that he had once taught greeting him with a hurried bow before running up.
“Their graduations depend on it.” I shrugged before patting the old knight on the back. “Come on, Instructor Crowe, it’s time for spear lessons and you’re still the best. I’m sure they’d love to learn from you.”
“I may be retired, but I’m still expensive.”
“Think of the bread and broth as payment.”
“Why you little...”
Crowe stopped. He raised his head, peering up at a figure in the sky.
“Isn’t that a messenger?” I asked, squinting my eyes to try and see what sort of beast the flying mount was.
The beast, along with its rider, descended, landing on the highest balcony on the metal tower. The tall, pointed structure in the shape of a colossal lance was not only the symbol of our academy but the building where our headmaster resided.
“That’s a blade wing,” Crowe muttered, his tone serious. “There are only a few mages bonded to those beasts. If they were hired as messengers, that means it’s serious.”
I hopped on Grawder and gestured to my former instructor. “Let’s see what it’s about.”
After passing by my confused students and riding through the paved school grounds, we approached the tall lance-shaped tower.
Grawder couldn’t fit in the staircase so we left him with the guards stationed outside before making our way up the tower. Even with mana, the journey up the spiraling stairs was a bit hard on the old knight but we made it fast enough to still hear the mutters of conversation going on on the other side of the headmaster’s door.
After the two of us traded glances, I turned the golden handle and opened the door.
Seated behind his desk was the giant frame of our headmaster slumped forward with his head buried in his hands. Beside him was the messenger, his expression a mixture of fear and angst.
I spoke up. “Headmaster Landon? We saw the messenger and—”
The headmaster raised a hand, not bothering to look up. “Gather your students, Instructor Curtis. Better yet, maybe it’s best you just make your journey to Kalberk now and use their teleportation gate to go back to the Castle.”
“I’m not following, Sir. What’s going on?” I shifted my gaze from the headmaster to the messenger.
“An envoy arrived at Kalberk from Etistin this morning,” the messenger started, his voice trembling. “A watcher flying a few miles off the coast of Etistin spotted roughly three hundred Alacryan ships approaching.”





Chapter 220
Chapter 220: The Weight Of A Choice
TESSIA ERALITH
Whether it was from the relief that a lance had arrived or because the backlash of overusing my beast will had finally set in, I passed out.
The sun had nearly set, casting a red hue to the thick blanket of fog when I woke up. I found myself on top of a small wyvern with several soldiers stationed around me with weapons drawn, but the battle had already ended.
My body ached and the very act of keeping my eyes open sent sharp waves of pain to my temples. But I couldn’t stop staring at the scene.
The battle had ended; we had won. However, what I was focused on were the injured soldiers in my unit being carried off while the dead were buried on the spot. Bodies that should be taken to their families for a proper ceremony were left in the very spot they were killed.
I scrambled off the winged reptile, alarming the soldiers on guard. They tried to help me back up, thinking I fell, but I waved them away.
Anger rose in the pit of my stomach and had I succumbed to the impulse I might’ve actually begun lashing out at the soldiers burying our fellow allies.
But I stopped myself, taking my frustrations out on the dirt below my hands. Even if it wasn’t proper, I knew there was no choice. There was an army of Alacryans still marching their way to Zestier City, the very heart of my kingdom. There was no time to spare for the dead when every bit of time and effort would be needed in defending against the siege.
One of the guards gently pulled me up to my feet and gestured toward the wyvern. “Head Tessia. Please remain on the mount in case anything happens.”
Even then, what right do I have to get angry? Aren’t I the one to blame for the deaths that happened here? If it wasn’t for my selfishness, how many of those being buried right now would’ve survived?
I knew it wasn’t healthy to fall into this pit of self-blame and ‘what ifs’ but with Vernett’s taunts still echoing in my head, it was hard not to. Regardless, I began climbing back onto the mount when something out of the corner of my eye caught my attention.
Shaking off the guard, I started running.
It can’t be.
I made my way through the medics helping the injured and the emitters making their rounds to the soldiers in more serious conditions. It was hard for me to breathe as my eyes remained glued to the emitter kneeled on the ground and the patient she was helping.
It was Caria, unconscious. I fell to my knees, but before I could get any closer, a hand blocked my path.
I looked up to see a stoney-eyed Darvus staring at me with an expression that I’d never seen before. “She was just barely able to fall asleep with a sedative. Don’t wake her up.”
Stannard was also nearby, disheveled and covered in dirt. After seeing me, though, he looked away.
Neither had any injuries besides a few scratches and scrapes, but the same couldn’t be said for Caria.
I watched, dumbfounded, as the emitter began closing the wound on her left leg... or rather, what was left of it. The man had his hands clasped over the mangled stump, applying pressure, but blood still gushed between his fingers, forming a crimson pool.

I stared, both awestruck and horrified, at the sight of Caria’s wound rapidly healing. The skin around her open wound began closing in together to form a lumpy knot of flesh.
I knew before that emitters couldn’t regenerate new limbs, but seeing the wound close over the bottom of her thigh made it seem irreversible.
That’s when it hit me.
The bright and energetic Caria, whose talent as an augmenter was only outshined by her love for martial arts, would never be able to walk on her own two feet again.
“H-How...” I muttered, my vision blurring from the tears welling up.
“ How? ” I heard Darvus retort. “You leave us to go on your own solo crusade and—”
“Stop, Darvus. People are watching.” Stannard pulled him away and locked eyes with me before dipping his head in a bow. “I apologize for his outburst, Head Tessia.”
The blonde conjurer that was normally shy and kind-hearted, regarded me coldly.
I shook my head. “Stannard...”
My two teammates ignored me, huddling close by Caria and asking the emitter how the wound was healing.
Darvus was right. It was my fault. I had a role that I was supposed to fill, but I chose to go off on my own, thinking that I could help more with my strength.
No. To be honest with myself, I probably thought at one point that being a silver core mage entitled me to greater battles than merely defending a position.
And because of that, I abandoned my teammates. No amount of convincing myself that she could’ve still incurred the injury even if I was there helped alleviate the terrible pressure weighing down on my chest.
“It’s time to go,” a familiar voice said from behind.
I didn’t look back—my eyes remained locked on Caria’s peaceful slumber. How would that change when she woke up. Would she blame me like Darvus and Stannard? Would she hate me?
I wiped my tears with the back of my hand. I had to stay strong. This was just the beginning. The battle to defend the capital of Elenoir would be where I could make up for my mistakes.
“Tessia Eralith.”
The voice snapped me out of my thoughts. Turning around, I saw General Aya clad in light armor with several guards close behind her.
“The rider is ready to depart. You’ll be going back to the Castle immediately, Head Tessia,” the elven lance stated as she turned around.
“The Castle?” I replied. “I don’t understand. The Alacryan army is marching towards Zestier right now. There’s no time to visit—”
General Aya looked back over her shoulder, her sharp gaze cutting off my words. “Perhaps I haven’t made myself clear. You will be withdrawn from battle until further notice.”

I quickly scrambled back up to my feet. “Wait, General! I-I can still fight! Please.”
The lance’s usually inviting and charming demeanor was laced with impatience but she kept her voice polite. “Please be wary of your position as an Eralith. Taking into consideration your current state of mind, I have already told the Council that you are unfit for battle.”

No. No. I needed to fight. I needed to make up for my mistakes. I needed to make it up to Caria and everyone else by doing well in the coming battle.
Aya began to walk away, her dark wavy hair billowing behind her, when I latched onto her arm. “General, I’m one of the few silver-core mages ready to fight. I can’t just hide in the Castle when I know the entire elven kingdom is under—”
“Your job was to remain in formation and hold off for the short period it would take for reinforcements to arrive, yet the death toll of your unit reached over half because of your selfish ambitions.” The lance pried my fingers off and regarded me coldly. “The remainder of your unit that is still fit for battle will join under the rest of my division.”
“It’ll take too long for any more reinforcements to arrive, General! Even General Arthur is occupied with the beast horde attacking—”
“What happens from now on is no longer your concern. You’ve done enough, Princess.”
The lance’s words hit me like a brick of reinforced lead, leaving me frozen as General Aya handed the soldier standing beside the wyvern a scroll. “Take her straight to the castle and get this to Commander Virion.”
Making my way towards the mount as its rider tightened the saddle, I allowed myself one last glance back at Darvus and Stannard.
Neither could look me in the eye. With pleading eyes, I continued to stare, hoping they’d at least meet my gaze. However, up until the very end, neither looked back.
And the agony and hollowness I felt at that moment hurt more than every injury I had ever incurred as a fellow soldier fighting by their side.
VIRION ERALITH
The Castle
It was chaos. Live updates—a majority from Zestier City—were being branded onto the transmission scrolls faster than we could sort and read them. Despite the cost of these communication artifacts, piles of them were littered all over the meeting room as members of the Council continued to read through them.
The dire and hectic situation added oil to the flames of tension that had already built up in the room.
A sudden thud turned everyone’s head towards Alduin, who had thrown a stack of transmission scrolls on the ground. My son grabbed Bairon Glayder, former king of Sapin, by his collar and slammed him against the wall.
“You’re reading the reports from Elenoir as well, right?” he hissed. “Are you happy? Are you happy?! ”
I gestured away the guards that were about to interfere.
For the first time, the proud head of the Glayder family looked... ashamed. “It was impossible to predict something like this could happen.”
“Impossible?” Alduin spat, bringing his face closer to the human’s. “An army of Alacryan mages is currently approaching Zestier, the very heart of Elenoir. Even with the evacuation strategies being implemented, the death tolls are already rising from soldiers trying to stop the city from being sieged and you’re saying it was impossible?”

“I understand your anger but please, this isn’t the time or place to do this,” Merial soothed as she pulled back her husband’s arm.
Jerking his arm free from his wife’s hold, he swung a wild fist that was still clutching onto the transmission scroll sent by General Aya, landing squarely on Bairon’s jaw. “My daughter nearly died because of your greed!”
Priscilla Glayder stood off to the side, watching the whole scene with gritted teeth and clenched fists, unable to aid her husband out of guilt. Buhnd sat idly, the usual look of amusement replaced by a grim frown.
Alduin fell to his knees. He slammed his fist into the marble ground until his entire hand was covered in blood. “How many times did I ask for our own troops to be placed back in Elenoir? How many times did I plead because I was afraid this exact scenario would occur!? How are you going to take responsibility if this leads to the entire fall of the elven kingdom!”
Not a sound could be heard aside from the howl of rage and despair that my son let out. His wife gently wrapped her arms around him, comforting my son in a way that I couldn’t.
I had no right. After all, the weight of his words didn’t just fall on the Glayders, but to myself as well. I was the one that had ultimately agreed with Bairon on keeping the elven troops in Sapin. I was the one responsible for what was happening to Elenoir.
I was overconfident with the magical defenses of the Elshire Forest. Just like the Glayders. I was wrong. Such a simple acknowledgment was stuck deep in the back of my throat; I didn’t have the strength to say it aloud.
As the commander, I led the entire military forces of Dicathen. While I didn’t want this position, I had been confident in the decisions I made and the orders I gave. I felt like acknowledging this mistake now would be forever casting doubt in my mind no matter what commands I gave.
I stared at the transmission scroll sent from Etistin.
Now isn’t the time to doubt my decisions.
I quickly flipped the scroll and tucked it into another pile nearby before speaking.
“Enough! Now is not the time to be pointing fingers. Get out and cool off, all of you, ” I stressed.
The members of the Council looked at one another, still emotional but more hesitant. “Councilmember Alduin and Merial, Tessia should be arriving at the Castle soon. Take some time and be there for her.”
Shifting my gaze towards the Glayders, I gave them each a nod. “Take a break, and just know that what happened is no one person’s fault.”
I waited for the guards to escort the members of the Council out. Alduin and Merial were the first ones gone and from the way my son’s sharp eyes flashed with indignation and anger, I knew he blamed me as well. Perhaps the only reason he didn’t voice it was because he knew how much I also cared for Elenoir.
Bairon, before he was taken out of the room, looked back. “I know you swore your oath to be impartial in leading Dicathen in this war, but I won’t blame you if what you decide to do next is for your home kingdom.”
He didn’t wait for me to reply as he walked out with his wife in hand.
It was an answer I had never expected from the former human king, and it made my very decision to escort the Council out of this room seem like I was avoiding the confrontation I would eventually have to face for my choices.
Buhnd was the last to leave; he shot me a look that I couldn’t interpret, but I didn’t have time to ponder. I was now alone.
The room that had been so lively just a few moments ago seemed so unsettling. The messages written in the transmission scrolls seemed to create a cumulative pressure that was almost suffocating.
Letting out a sigh, I retrieved the transmission scroll from Etistin and read it again. The content of this scroll, and the many more soon to come, would stun the rest of the Council as much as it was paralyzing for me right now.
I couldn’t let that happen. At least one of us needed to be in their right mind, which was why I hid it from them—even if it was for just a few hours. I needed that time to decide on how to proceed.
There were now over three hundred ships filled with Alacryan soldiers approaching our western shores and there would undoubtedly be scythes and retainers amongst them. Taking into account the intensity and timing placed into their attacks, I couldn’t help but fear that this war was reaching its turning point.
Fortunately, Bairon and Varay were already close by, but just having those two wouldn’t be enough—Even having all five of our lances might not be enough. Getting Lance Mica to the western coast wouldn’t be too difficult and Arthur should’ve been nearly finished with his role at the Wall.
That only left the elven lance.
Would I withdraw General Aya from Elenoir and deny them reinforcements? Would I essentially abandon Elenoir by taking the lance away or risk allowing another even larger army to step foot on our land?





Chapter 221
Chapter 221: Backtrack
ARTHUR LEYWIN
Near the southern end of the Elshire Forest
The three of us stood aloft the canopy of trees. I gripped Dawn’s Ballad in my hand while a thousand thoughts and worries ran through my mind.
Despite Sylvie’s recent growth, she wouldn’t be able to handle the retainer by herself. And even if I were to hold Cylrit off myself, Sylvie wouldn’t be able to find Tess within the magical fog spread over Elshire Forest.
The best option was to end this battle as fast as possible in order to make it to Tess. However, expending too much energy and mana in a fight where the opponent was just stalling could be detrimental for the real battles soon to come.
Sylvie. I’m pretty confident I can beat Cylrit on my own, but not if his aim is to just stall for time. Let’s wrap this up quickly together.
While the speed of my flight was by no means slow, fighting was another story. It was difficult to utilize my fighting style, which consisted of sharp movements and bursts of speed, in the air.
‘I agree,’ she confirmed as mana already began gathering around her at an extraordinary rate.
Opening my mind entirely to my bond, Sylvie formed a solid panel of condensed mana beneath my feet at my request.
Cylrit’s expression didn’t change at my sudden approach. He merely lifted his greatsword into a defensive position.
I focused on a space about three paces in front of Cylrit, sending a quick thought to my bond. The timing was just a tad behind but another translucent panel formed beneath my right foot as I stepped on the space in the sky I had shown to Sylvie. This allowed for another quick change in direction as I pushed off Sylvie’s conjuration.
The retainer’s eyes calmly followed my movements but his greatsword remained frozen in place. Still, I didn’t let down my guard.
Dawn’s Ballad whistled as its sharp edge cut through the air toward Cylrit’s chest, but something felt off.
The closer my blade got to the retainer, the more I felt a weight ‘pulling’ on it. Dawn’s Ballad almost seemed to be sucked in by Cylrit’s behemoth of a sword as the teal blade arced off course and straight into its pitch-black blade.
The sensation disappeared as soon as our blades clashed, but as soon as I swung again, Dawn’s Ballad was once again attracted to his mysterious sword.
With only the thought of ending this quickly, I activated the first phase of my beast will.
Static Void.
The colors around me inverted, freezing everything but myself in place. I quickly brought the broken tip of Dawn’s Ballad against the motionless retainer’s stomach before releasing Static Void.
However, even at point-blank range, my sword veered away from Cylrit’s torso, barely drawing blood while leaving me drained.
Damn it! I cursed.

Sylvie reacted quickly to my failed attempt by conjuring another platform beneath my feet for me to quickly gain distance from Cylrit.
I let out a heavy breath. Static Void was a spell passed down to me from Sylvia that wasn’t compatible with my mastery of aether. Even as a white core mage, just using a few seconds of the aether arts made me feel like I had been fighting for several hours.
“I was taught of the various mana arts that asura clans had forged, especially the ‘aether arts’ of the Indrath Clan. Experiencing it in person, though, I could see why it’s to be feared,” Cylrit said, looking down at his wound.
Having no intentions of exchanging frivolities with him, I mentally nudged my bond.
Sylvie, fire a few shots behind him.
‘Got it.’
Just as arrows of mana manifested in the air behind the retainer, I launched a blast of frost and an arc of lightning. The ice blast spread into a cone while the lightning spell branched off to completely cover our opponent but to no avail.
With a single sweep of his sword, our spells were sucked up and completely eaten away by the black blade.
My bond conveyed her annoyance with a quick glance in my direction. ‘What a troublesome ability.’
Impatience welled up inside me as I watched Cylrit maintain his stance, not bothering to attack. Rather, he pulled out a small scroll and began reading it.
The retainer looked up, shifting his gaze from Sylvie to me before saying, “one of my scouts has confirmed that elven princess has been withdrawn from battle.”
“Do you honestly expect me to believe you and walk away?” I spat.
Withdrawing Dawn’s Ballad, I conjured two frozen blades like Varay had done—condensing layer upon layer of ice to reinforce its durability—before rushing towards the retainer.
Cylrit’s cold eyes narrowed in scrutiny, well aware of Sylvie preparing a spell from a distance as I quickly approached.
My two blades of ice clashed with his sword, generating a blast of pressure. Even with mana coating my weapons, cracks were already visible.
Mending the scarred surface of the weapons, I swung again, quickly turning into a flurry of blades. It was an odd feeling as my swords were unwillingly forced into a direction different from where I willed it.
It got to the point where I would purposely abandon the ice swords and quickly conjure a new one, hoping that there would be a bit of a lag in between the gravitational pull from his sword.
“If your master is really on our side, this is a meaningless battle, Cylrit,” I growled, releasing the eighteenth conjured sword from my hand and shooting a blast of fire at his legs.
That’s when I saw—or rather, sensed it. Something within his weapon changed . Not visibly, but it happened just after the sword I had let loose was pulled into his sword and I had shot the fire.
Immediately, I activated Realmheart, surprising both Sylvie and Cylrit. I tested it out once more, throwing my other ice sword at Cylrit while simultaneously shooting an arc of lightning.
The mana fluctuation within his greatsword—now visible to me with Realmheart—changed in the middle of his swing as he blocked both the solid composition of my ice sword and the mana-fueled spell of the lightning.
His sword can only attract one or the other at once!
By his annoyed gaze, I knew Cylrit noticed my revelation, but it didn’t matter. I knew his weakness.

Sylvie, capitalizing on our discovery, quickly casted the spell she had been preparing. Like a brilliant firework display, hundreds of sparks spread with blazing trails. Rather than fade, though, the sparks of light remained suspended in the air all around us.
A wave of fatigue leaked onto me from my bond, but she remained determined to finish this quickly.

‘I need to concentrate fully on maintaining this mana art. Don’t let Cylrit near me.’
With a mental nod, I burst forward, using a condensed blast of wind to aid my acceleration. I was doubtful whether we could pull off the sort of coordination we would need to follow through with Sylvie’s plan, but I followed through with her intention.
Cylrit was obviously wary of the gleaming sparks of light surrounding him but his attention remained focused on me as I was the more immediate threat.
I conjured a single blade of ice as I approached the retainer. The spark of light beneath my right foot turned into a panel for me to push off of, allowing me to sharply change my direction. Another spark turned into a platform, and another, until I was dancing around Cylrit fast enough for him to lose track of me briefly.
‘Now! ’ Sylvie expressed.
I pushed off one of the many platforms of mana my bond had conjured directly behind the retainer.
Even without his powerful vacuum ability, however, Cylrit’s reflexes were on par or even above mine. He whirled around, bringing his large sword around at a speed that made me believe his weapon was a hollow toy.
I saw the mana composition changing within his weapon before feeling my blade of ice being sucked in towards the black sword.
As I resisted the force pulling at my conjured weapon, Sylvie triggered one of the sparks of mana hovering nearby.
A blinding beam of pure mana shot out towards Cylrit just as my blade clashed with his. The retainer, unable to alter his weapon’s ability in time, was forced to dodge out of the way.
Sylvie’s attack still managed to glance off his black armor, leaving its mark alongside the small wound I had inflicted on his torso.
We didn’t stop there. I abandoned the ice sword for the countless time and concentrated mana into my fist before swinging hard at my opponent’s face while sending a blast of lightning with my other hand.
Cylrit opted to absorb the blast of lightning while using his own arm to block my fist. While he was pushed back from the force, I conjured a new—even larger—blade than the last one and striked.
Unable to change his ability fast enough, he took the full force of Ice Sword Mach Twenty-something. The mana around his body negated the brunt of the attack, but by the blood leaking from the corner of Cylrit’s lips, I knew we had landed our first successful attack.
We continued to stay on the offensive, mixing spells with conjured swordplay or attacking with my own hands and feet.
It’s working, I sent to Sylvie.
My bond triggered another spark to release a blast of mana while I purposefully shattered my latest ice sword. Being a white core mage, molding the dozens of ice fragments into spikes was instantaneous while they hailed down on the retainer.
However, before either of our attacks could reach Cylrit, the retainer spun towards me. I barely managed to dodge the kick aimed at my face but his foot still scuffed me on the shoulder.
Tumbling back in the air, I tried to regain my balance when a spotted a black object advanced directly at me. It was Cylrit’s sword, along with the barrage of icicles that were being pulled towards it.

I grabbed on to one of Sylvie’s suspended sparks to stop myself from tumbling. Four other sparks in between me and Cylrit’s thrown sword lit up and connected to form a large barrier.
The pitch-black sword pierced through Sylvie’s mana barrier but managed to stop the ice shards.
I dodged Cylrit’s weapon easily enough but the retainer followed up with another kick.
Barely managing to duck out of the way, I imbued my fist with lightning, but as I tried to strike at him, a force pulled the spell surrounding my fist back behind me.
This gave Cylrit enough time to land a solid punch to my jaw. The mana protecting me soaked up some of the force from the impact but my vision still swam.
I dodged the next hit and tried to gain some distance from him but he stuck closely to me. The sparks around us glowed threateningly, a sign that Sylvie was waiting for a chance to fire once more.
Now was the time—while Cylrit’s sword was set to attract physical spells.
“Do it!” I roared.
A note of panic and confusion bloomed from my bond’s mind, but I expressed my confidence and determination.
My bond abided and fired everything she had.
The sky lit up as every single spark fired a bright beam of mana directly at us.
My body begged me to move out of the way. It wasn’t too late. But instead, I grabbed ahold of Cylrit.
‘Arthur!’ Just from hearing Sylvie’s voice in my head, I could feel how horrified she was.
The retainer struggled to break free from my grasp, his attention focused not on the spell but on his sword behind me. It was obvious that he was trying to get his weapon back, but I didn’t make it that easy. Unable to even risk releasing a single limb from Cylrit, I smashed my forehead into his nose and repeated until the heat from Sylvie’s mana beams could be felt on my skin.
Static Void.
The world grew still again just as the cluster of beams were inches away from us.
I tried prying myself away from Cylrit, but the retainer had been grabbing onto the fur-lined mantle that Virion had passed down to me.
I slipped out of the piece of outerwear and dropped down out of harm’s way before releasing Static Void.
The world’s color shifted back to normal and I watched from a distance as Cylrit’s figure disappeared within the beams of mana.
Damn. So much for not wasting my energy, I cursed myself.
Cylrit’s abilities made it a bad match-up and there was still much to be desired from the coordination between Sylvie and me, but we managed to win without any serious injuries—a large improvement considering we got our asses handed to us by Uto last time.
I saw Cylrit’s figure plunging down into the canopy of trees and fog below but with Realmheart, I knew he was still alive.
I looked at my bond, both of us prepared to finish our journey, when I felt a mild shock pulse from within my pant pocket.
It was the transmission scroll linked with my sister. I quickly unrolled it and read the short message now inscribed on the vellum.
My hands trembled as I read and reread the content of the scroll. I fumbled with the scroll as I tried to shove it back into my pocket. But even after that, I remained still. I didn’t know what to do. I couldn’t decide.
A beat of silence passed before Sylvie’s voice echoed in my head. ‘Arthur. Let’s go.’
I could tell by the angst from Sylvie that she had read my thoughts that I hadn’t bothered to hide. She quickly shifted into her draconic form, swooped underneath me and scooped me up.
‘We’ll assume that the retainer was telling the truth for now. Right now, your sister needs us back at the Wall.’





Chapter 222
Chapter 222: Future’s First Step
GREY
A lot changed after Cecilia’s accident at school. Things weren’t as drastic as Nico had feared after our friend’s secret was exposed—at a glance, at least. Despite the crude oligarchy we were in, we still had basic rights.
The enforcers couldn’t just take Cecilia and keep her for whatever purposes they had in store, but they were able to basically force Cecilia to attend sessions at a nearby government facility for “tests” under the guise of helping her “control her abilities.”
Another problem was that Cecilia was an orphan like Nico and I were. With no legal guardian available after Headmaster Wilbeck passed away, more than once did a supposed wealthy or powerful individual extend their desire to adopt her.
I’d like to say that I was there to help my friend as she endured the stresses and hardships that came from being under the spotlight, but that would be a lie.
With Nico by her side, being the shoulder to lean on for Cecilia, it was quickly apparent that they had become more than just friends. While I thought my initial reaction to this would be discomfort at the fact that my two childhood friends were on the path to becoming lovers, I was actually happy for them. It was hard for me to show that, though, since I was hardly ever there with them.
Training with Lady Vera became even more intensive as I met and even exceeded her own expectations. She had the authority to allow me to skip most of my classes since her own training regimen was several times more intensive than the academy so my social life and youth was compromised. If I wasn’t training or sparring, I was learning etiquette and basic knowledge required for the exam to even qualify to be a king. As it turned out, you couldn’t only be a good fighter—you needed the intellect and charisma to appeal to your country’s citizens.
It was while under the full tutelage of Lady Vera and the team of tutors dedicated to making sure I had a fighting chance to become a king that I learned the role was more akin to a glorified mascot than it was a leader.
Still, I needed the power and voice that came with the position. I still hadn’t forgotten about the assassins that were responsible for Headmaster Wilbeck’s cruel death.
I also used that reason to justify my absence with Nico and Cecilia. Days and sometimes even weeks would go by without even being able to see their faces, and while I felt bad, I fooled myself into believing that becoming a king would solve everything. Whether the government was running shady tests on Cecilia to get a better grasp of her abnormal ki levels or the politicians trying to use her as a tool to further their gains, becoming a king would get rid of all of those problems.
I wasn’t sensible or emphatic like Nico was, nor did I have strong enough feelings for Cecilia to dedicate my time being there for her like my best friend. If anything, there was still a small part of me that blamed Cecilia for Headmaster Wilbeck’s death. The woman that was basically my mother was killed protecting her.
It wasn’t fair for me to blame her—I knew that. I swallowed those unjustified resentments long ago because Cecilia had taken her death hard as well, but it still left a small chasm in our relationship.
Perhaps that’s why I could never reciprocate the feelings Cecilia once had for me. Whatever the reason was, it didn’t matter. I barely had time to sleep since my current schedule was planned down to the minute of every day by Lady Vera.
She wasn’t completely heartless, though. She would still give me time to hang out with Nico and Cecilia every once in a while, and although many of the times Cecilia couldn’t come because of her own “training,” talking and joking around with Nico was one of the few joys in my life.
We were almost eighteen, and would soon legally become adults, when Nico brought up his plan with Cecilia while on one of our now-monthly hangouts.
“You’re going to run away?” I asked incredulously.
“No... well, I guess, in a way.” Nico let out a sigh. “You make my well-thought-out plan sound like some sort of prepubescent rebellion.”

“Because it sort of is,” I scoffed. “Do you think the government will even let you run away with Cecilia? As far as they’re concerned, she’s basically a national asset.”
“Trust me, I know. But after Cecilia and I no longer need a guardian, we can drop out of school and go to a different country. The new prototype of the ki limiter I made is already several times more stable than the previous one and that accounts for the growth in her ki levels.”
“How much has her ki level grown?” A part of me didn’t want to know the answer.
Nico leaned back against the seat. “According to her latest report, more than double.”
“What?!” I yelled, instantly drawing the attention of the other students in the cafeteria.
“Yup. Apparently, it’s not just her inherent ki level that’s monstrous but its growth as well. At this point, I just hope the team of researchers watching over her know what they’re doing—I’d expect any form of explosive growth can’t be perfectly stable.”
“Still, that’s ridiculous,” I said, lowering my voice. I couldn’t help but imagine myself having a ki level so high. A majority of my training with Lady Vera consisted of compensating for my levels of ki despite the endless resources she had spent on medicine and supplements.
With my combat abilities and Cecilia’s ki level, becoming a king would have actually been just a matter of time. I could see why the government wanted to control her so much.
“Training still rough?” Nico asked his routine question once again.
I nodded, barely able to raise a grilled piece of chicken breast to my mouth. “It’s getting a bit more bearable now, but yeah.”
Nico usually didn’t pry for details, but I guess he couldn’t hold it in any longer. He set down the fork and looked at me with his sharp eyes. “Why are you doing this to yourself?”
I continued to carefully chew my food, answering only with a raised brow.
“I barely see you nowadays. Hell, Cecilia isn’t as busy even with the government training sessions and politicians hounding her. When I do see you, you’re either bloody to the point that it&amp;#8217;s seeping through your uniform or you’re so sore you can hardly stand. Is being the king that important that it’s worth throwing away your body and youth?”
“You know it’s not as simple as that,” I said with a threatening tone.
Nico rolled his eyes. “Yeah, I know. It’s apparently the dying wish of Headmaster Wilbeck for you to avenge her by wasting away your life.”
I slammed my utensils down on the table. “Are you done?”
There was a beat of silence between the two of us as we locked eyes. Nico relented, letting out a breath. “Look, I didn’t mean to come off like such a jerk. I just wanted to say that Headmaster Wilbeck wouldn’t have wanted this for you. She would’ve wanted you and Cecilia to live as normal students and be happy with normal lives and families.”
“You know I can’t let it go that easily. Not after her whole murder was covered up as an accident. Those assassins are part of a bigger organization, I just know it.”
“So you become a king and then snuff out the organization that killed Headmaster Wilbeck. Then what?” Nico pressed.

“Then I retire. Find a quiet place and ‘be happy with a normal life and family,’” I replied with a smirk.
My friend shook his head helplessly. “Let’s hope it’s that easy.”
I chuckled, wincing at the pain it brought to my sore chest. “What about you and Cecilia? Do you have a particular country in mind or are you just content with going wherever the wind blows like gypsies?”

“Engineers never ‘go wherever the wind blows,’” he scoffed. “I have pretty much the whole plan set. And it’s all legal... just, low-key.”
“Well have you told this masterplan to Cecilia?”
“Not entirely, but—oh, speak of the devil. Cecil! We’re over here!” Nico suddenly called out, practically bolting up from his seat. It irritated me how his voice went up a pitch every time he talked to Cecilia. It wasn’t over-the-top but still a bit cringy.
Nevertheless, I turned my head and waved to our friend with a smile. My greeting was casual and laid back, but my eyes scanned Cecilia with scrutiny. She had gotten taller, and her posture much more straight and confident despite the exhaustion shown on her face. It was easy to say that, objectively, she had gotten much prettier. Whether this was because her strict training was shaping her body into a more feminine figure or because of her inherent genes coming to fruition with age, she attracted the gazes of most of the male students around her.
She was dressed in a similar uniform to mine, indicating to the students and faculty that we had mentors and were exempt from showing up to class or school. It was a more extravagant version of the ones normal students wore, embellished with gold trims and buttons to match. I thought it always looked odd on me, but on Cecilia, it made her look like a noble straight out of a fairytale.
Cecilia smiled back at us before taking a seat across from me next to Nico.
“It’s been a while, Grey,” she said, smoothing out her blazer. She looked at me with weary eyes. “How is training going for you?”
“It’s been going well,” I replied awkwardly. “How are you?”
Cecilia had always been a quiet girl, but seeing her less and less made our interactions even more strained than usual.
Still, she was a gentle and selfless girl—selfless enough to say she was doing good when, despite her improved physique, her psyche seemed to be at the cusp of shattering.
“Here, Cecil. I saved some of your favorite foods before they were all gone.” Nico pushed the tray of untouched food toward her and I watched as she forced a smile and practically shoved the creamed seafood medley down her throat.
For someone so smart, Nico was pretty clueless.
I watched for a while as the two of them conversed; Nico did most of the talking. Cecilia mostly listened but responded genuinely to all of Nico’s questions while she finished off the platter of food.
Despite the change in dynamics between the three of us, things seemed normal for a while. We were three students sitting and chatting over a meal in the dining hall of our school. While my drive to become a king grew more and more while training, I still missed spending time like this.
It was only when Nico mentioned his plans about fleeing the country that things started going south. Cecilia’s expression hardened, to a point where she almost looked... afraid.

“N-Nico. I don’t think we should be talking about that here,” Cecilia said, looking around.
Nico cocked a brow. “Come on, Cecil. It’s not like we’re actually running away. We’re legally allowed to go to other countries, you know.”
“Still...” Cecilia’s voice trailed off as she continued to survey our surroundings.
I looked down at the watch strapped to my wrist and got up from my seat. “My time’s up. I better get back to Lady Vera’s estate before she doubles my regimen for the rest of the day.”
“We’ll walk you to the car.” Nico got up and Cecilia followed.
The three of us walked out of the dining hall and into the foyer still packed with students on their lunch break. Eyes were drawn towards Cecilia and me because of our uniforms but the three of us ignored the envious gazes around us and walked outside to the murky afternoon that seemed to reflect how I was feeling.
Nico was probably the only one out of the three of us that remained normal and somewhat ignorant. I never told him about getting captured and tortured, and I was sure Cecilia was withholding quite a bit of her experiences in the government training facility that didn’t allow any outsiders.
Still, the two of us probably needed someone like Nico in our group. Despite being an orphan like the rest of us and losing Headmaster Wilbeck, Nico was still Nico. Despite his sharp features and his cleverness that often led us both into trouble, he was bright and optimistic.
“I’ll see you both again soon... hopefully,” I said as I got into the black car waiting for me just outside the academy gates. I wasn’t lying—and I really did want to see them soon, but I just wasn’t confident.
After getting back to the estate, my training resumed. Lady Vera was waiting for me with her team of specialists hell-bent on making sure I was both physically and mentally sore.
All in all, it was a rather normal day. The little time I was able to spend with Nico and Cecilia was what I needed to get me through another few grueling weeks. It wasn’t until I sank into bed that I got a call from a number I didn’t recognize.
I answered the call. “Hello?”
“Yes, this is Etharia National Hospital. Am I speaking to Grey?” a pleasant female voice asked.
“Yes, this is Grey.”
“Hi, the reason for this call was because you were listed as Nico Sever’s emergency contact. He was taken into urgent care a few minutes ago and is being prepped for surgery. We’ll need you to come and—”
I hung up the phone and ran down the stairs as fast as my aching body would allow. Luckily, I just barely avoided running into one of the many butlers in the estate, and he arranged a ride to the hospital for me.
Everything was a blur until I reached the room where Nico was being held. I could barely recall filling out the proper forms and waiting for his surgery to finish. What I could out, though, was the pair of ki-disrupting handcuffs chaining his wrist to the hospital bed.
“G-Grey?” Nico’s groggy voice snapped me out of my daze.
I kneeled beside his bed, careful not to even touch the blanket on top of him in case I aggravated his broken ribs.
“Nico! Yeah, it’s Grey. I’m here,” I said, bringing my voice down to a whisper. “What happened, buddy?”
Nico’s glazed and half-closed eyes snapped open at my question. “Cecil! They took her! I just dropped her off and was on my way back when I remembered I forgot to give her the new prototype.”
“What?!” I blurted, accidentally shaking the bed.
My friend winced and took a moment to catch his breath before speaking again. “I saw them shove her into a car. She was unconscious.”
“Who took her, Nico?”
Nico, who tried to adjust himself, finally realized he was handcuffed to the bed. He bit into his lip as he cursed under his breath. Covering his eyes with his forearm, he let out a quivered breath. “It was a team of enforcers. It was our own government that took her.”





Chapter 223
Chapter 223: In Her Element
ARTHUR LEYWIN
‘Arthur. Take a look.’
Sylvie’s voice resounded in my head, pulling me away from the memories of my previous life that only seemed to get more vivid.
The sun had set, enveloping the undeveloped lands of the Beast Glades in a blanket of darkness. However, even from the tens of miles we were away from the Wall, we could clearly see the battle that was currently ensuing.
But it wasn’t the fierce battle that had the two of us perturbed—it was the location of where the battle was being fought.
They didn’t collapse the underground tunnel or even let the beast horde get close to the Wall. I gnashed my teeth in frustration.
Sylvie beat her powerful wings once more as we slowly descended towards the Wall.
Despite how thickly the moon was covered behind the clouds, it was easy to tell where the battle was going on. With magic involved, there were always spells lighting up the vicinity. It may have been a fierce and blood-filled battle from the ground, but from up in the sky, it was a beautiful—if not a little chaotic—show of colors.
I did my best to swallow and contain the rage building up inside me. After all, the plan I had set in motion was a suggestion that had been accepted by the captains.
But my decision to leave the beast horde and help Tessia was based on the fact that my suggestion would be implemented. It should’ve been implemented. Even before I left, the plan was already being implemented.
Ellie’s note was vague but it felt rushed, and urgent—desperate, almost. I took deep breaths, doing my best to submerge the rage that was beginning to evolve into a threat. The words ‘if anything happens to my family’ was on the tip of my tongue, itching to be said aloud to whoever was responsible for this deviation.
‘Arthur, we’re almost there,’ Sylvie’s voice sounded, snapping me out of my thoughts.
I gave her a mental confirmation as I activated Realmheart once more. Using it shortly after my fight with Cylrit sent sharp waves through my veins but I ignored it. The dark evening’s muted colors were washed away, replaced by motes of colors. Some of these wisps and specks were floating freely while others were being absorbed and clustered in preparation for a spell to manifest.
Homing in on the Wall, I scanned the top line where rows of archers and conjurers were stationed in search for Ellie’s distinct form of magic. This was the fastest way to find her in all of the chaos that came with large-scale battles.
I could only hope that my sister hadn’t run off somewhere.
We hovered high above the Wall enough for us not to be potentially shot at by alarmed soldiers, but it didn’t take long for me to find my sister. Not many mages were able to shoot such well-structured arrows of pure mana like she could, making the mana fluctuations around her fairly distinguishable.
There , I indicated to my bond, directing her to a battlement situated near the left edge by the conjoining mountain. I released Realmheart as we approached where Ellie was stationed.
Bolts of fire and ice drew arcs in the air as they rained down on the battlefield a few hundred feet further away from where the ground was supposed to collapse from under the beast horde. Alongside the the various spells and mana enhanced arrows were streaks of pale light shot out by my sister.

Sylvie quickly shifted into her human form as we neared our destination as I continued to take deep breaths in a losing fight against the anger building up in me.
It helped that my sister was still able enough to be consistently firing spells from her bow, but that couldn’t be the same for the rest of my family and the Twin Horns, who were hopefully somewhere behind the protection of this enormous fortress.
The two of us landed softly but still managed to alarm the soldiers around us, including my sister.
The soldiers, however, were all capable mages—mages that were able to clearly sense when they were outclassed. None bothered to raise their weapons, only barely able to slink away from the two intruders that fell from the sky.
It was only when I stepped closer to a nearby illuminating artifact that Ellie ran into my arms.
“You scared the hell out of us!” my sister said in a strange mixture of annoyance and relief. “The plan that was supposed to happen with the ground and the explosives—it didn’t happen! At first I thought that they were delaying the plan in order to draw more beasts toward the area where we set up the trap, but the soldiers that were sent out aren’t coming back.”
I pried my sister away, partly to talk to her face to face, partly to not let her hear my heart beating against my chest. “Ellie. Where are the others? Do you know who’s out there?”
Before my sister could answer, though, an officer in charge of this section came running toward me. With a salute, he hastily showed his respects. “G-Good evening, General Arthur. My apologies that we weren’t able to give you a proper welcoming. I am Officer Mandir, if there’s anything I can—”
“I’m fine, Officer Mandir.” While I didn’t mean to be rude, cutting him off along with the impatient expression made him flinch and shuffle away.
I turned my attention back to my sister. Sylvie had a consoling hand on my sister’s shoulder, calming her down enough to give us some solid answers.
“We’re required to stay in our positions but Helen, who was watching over me, was able to leave. She never came back, but before the beast horde arrived, I saw Mom in the medic camp set up on the ground level. Durden and Dad...I haven’t seen either of them,” my sister sputtered.
“It’s okay, Ellie. Don’t worry, your brother will handle the rest,” I comforted, forcing a reassuring smile.
“W-What should I do? How can I help?” Ellie replied.
I shook my head. “Stay here. You’re a soldier now and this is your post. You wanted experience in a real battle, right?”
“Okay.” My sister’s gaze hardened. After giving Sylvie a quick hug, she bolted off back to her station.
“Is it safe for her to stay here?” my bond asked, unable to pry her gaze from my sister.
“If they’ve decided to forgo my plan, it means that they’re trying to keep the Wall as intact as possible. That means it’ll be safer for the soldiers on this side of the battle.”
I leaped off the edge, ignoring the surprised shouts of soldiers and workers around us. The two of us landed deftly on the ground level behind the fortress and made our way towards the medical tents.
***
I pushed aside a tent flap for the fourth time before I was finally able to spot my mother inside one. She had her hands hovered over a patient, brows knitted in determination. She barked out orders to some of the other medics nearby to have the patient moved and properly taken care of before another gurney rolled in front of her with another injured soldier.

Her expression, her presence, her demeanor made me freeze in my tracks. The mother I knew and grew up with was gone, replaced by a strong and level-headed medic carrying the weight of the countless injured and dying brought to her.
I thought back to the words she had said the last time we met... and fought. She mentioned her duties here and the people that needed her help. Then I looked at the countless patients slowly recovering thanks to her abilities and imagined how many of those would be dead already if it wasn’t for her.

“Are you okay, Arthur?” Sylvie asked, concern laced in her voice as she stayed by my side.
I continued to stare at my mother. Her white uniform was stained with blotches of red and brown and her face was grimy with dirt, blood spatters and sweat, but she looked so... admirable.
The patient she had been treating gained consciousness, and while his face was knotted in pain, he reached up to my mother and gently placed a trembling hand on her arm. Despite the frenzy of activity going on around us, I heard his words clearly.
While shedding tears of pain and whatever mixture of emotions he was feeling, he smiled at my mother and thanked her for saving his life.
“Oof! Sir, you’re blocking the passage. Unless you’re critically injured, please—” The nurse that had bumped into me stopped mid-sentence and scanned my body in concern. “Sir. Are your injuries bad? You’re crying.”
“No. I’m fine.” I looked away, letting my bangs cover my face from her prying eyes. “My apologies. I’ll get out of the way.”
I walked back out of the tent to gather myself.
Sylvie stood by me, tears welled up in her eyes as well from the emotions that had leaked from me.
“She was right—they were both right,” I breathed, looking up at the starry night. I could still hear the angry shouts from my father as he called me hypocritical and as the two of them tried to explain that I wasn’t the only one that could contribute to this war.
“It’s good that you’ve realized,” Sylvie answered.
I turned to my bond, watching her as she looked up at the sky as well. “So you thought so too? Why didn’t you tell me?”
Sylvie looked me in the eye and shot me a smirk. “I’ve been connected to you since I was born, Arthur. I know by now how stubborn and sometimes irrational you get when it concerns the wellbeing of your loved ones. Would you have listened to my words if I had told you back then? Or would you have played the ‘I’ve lived two lives’ card and say you know best?”
I opened my mouth to speak—to argue—but no words came out.
Sylvie’s smirk disappeared, replaced by a somber smile as she squeezed my arm. “Age isn’t always wisdom, Arthur. You’re learning that slowly.”
I shook my head, letting out a scoff. “I’m such an idiot. An arrogant, hypocritical idiot.”
My bond leaned her head against me, letting me feel the warmth radiating from her horns. A wave of tender comforting emotions radiated into me as she spoke. “Yes, but you’re our idiot.”
We spent another minute or so, taking a small break from the world and what it was throwing at us, before going back into the tent.

“Arthur?” My mother’s voice was a mixture of confusion and worry.
I held up a hand, “Hi, Mom.”
Sylvie mimicked my gesture and greeted her as well.
She flashed a smile at the two of us before focusing back on the task at hand. “Arthur, hand me a pair of pliers.”
Finding the bloody pliers in a metal tray, I handed it to her. Without looking up, she snatched the tool and used it to carefully set the snapped rib bone jutting out of the patient’s side back in place. The patient—different from the one we saw earlier—let out a gut-wrenching scream.
Unfazed by the howls of pain, she continued her spell, and I could slowly see the exposed bone mend together. I realized that she had narrowed her spell to only release from the tips of her middle and index fingers.
Minutes slowly passed as both Sylvie and I watched, entranced, at my mother working.
Despite the trauma that had haunted her all these years, I couldn’t see any traces of hesitation now as she worked tirelessly on these patients.
It was only after she had finished that she shifted her attention to us. “Sorry, Arthur. There are just so many soldiers that need my attention. Hopefully once the traps go off, it’ll be easier for our Rey, Durden and the rest of the soldiers out there.”
“Wait, So Dad and Durden are both out there right now, fighting?” I asked, a bit of panic rising in my voice.
“Not so much fighting but luring them towards the Wall,” she answered, confused. “Wasn’t that the plan? Bury the beast horde by sacrificing the underground passages?”
No one had told her. It made sense—medics didn’t need the most up-to-date information to continue doing their job. If anything, having them know might hinder their focus.
“What about Helen? Didn’t she visit you?”
“Mhmm. She stopped by earlier but left a bit after saying to keep it up.”
Helen hadn’t told her either, most likely due to the same reason that nobody else had told her. It was better if she didn’t know—there was nothing she could do about it anyway.
“What’s going on, Arthur?” Her liquid brown eyes peered into me as if searching for an answer. It was the same look she always gave our family when she knew we were hiding something from her.
“Mom...” I began.
There was nothing she could do about it, but she still had the right to know.
“The troops are a lot farther away than planned and there hasn’t been any signs of our soldiers backing down.”
“What? That can’t be right.” My mother’s brows furrowed. “What about all of those explosives placed throughout the underground passages?”
I shook my head. “It seems like one of the captains decided against the plan and switched back to their original strategy.”
My mother’s knees suddenly buckled. I caught her in time before she hit the ground but whether it was from her tirelessly using her magic to treat the soldiers or because of the news, she suddenly looked ten years older.
“Don’t worry, Mom.” I smiled as bright and reassuring as I could.
No response.
“I’m here now—we’re here. Sylvie and I are going to go out there. I’m sure the two of them are still kicking ass right now. I’ll make sure they both get back safely,” I urged, trying to get her back up on her feet. “I promise.”





Chapter 224
Chapter 224: Carried Back
Sylvie and I left the protection of the Wall and looked out at the battle that had long since reached its climax. Archers and mages, whose ranges weren’t as long as the ones up on the Wall, were positioned on the ground, closer toward the bloodshed.
I looked back once more at the thick metal gates of the Wall closing behind us in both rage and regret.
‘We’ll find out who was responsible for this later,’ my bond comforted, her eyes locking into mine. ‘Right now, it’s our duty to find your family and help as many soldiers as possible.’
Giving her a nod, the two of us walked forward. I tuned out the shouts and cheers of the soldiers around us.
I wasn’t a hero, nor did I wish to be. It was impossible to be everyone’s hero. It’s inevitable that I’d let some people down—hell, I’ve already let a lot of people down.
Not every human, elf, and dwarf were equally important to me, and that’s a fact that I had accepted long ago. I was here to serve my role to help end this war. It wasn’t for world peace or to save mankind—it was to lead a comfortable and happy life with the people I loved and cared for.
Walking through the lines of bowmen and conjurers either firing at the backline of the beast horde or resting and replenishing their mana reserves, I could hear mutters around us. Soldiers nudged their colleagues nearby for their attention as hundreds of gazes turned towards us.
“You should at least acknowledge them,” my bond said, noticing the stares.
“Focus, Sylvie,” I admonished. “Let’s do what we came here to do first. We can worry about troop morale after.”
The dry cracked grounds of the Beast Glades felt like wet tar, gripping and pulling back my feet as I trudged forward with my bond by my side. I couldn’t shake off the unsettling feeling that made my chest tighten. The veil of night and the crowd of beasts and man alike hid the answer to a question that I grew more and more afraid to ask.
Brandishing Dawn’s Ballad, Sylvie and I dove into the thick of the battle underneath the shower of spells and arrows. My bright teal sword became the beacon for our soldiers within eyeshot, giving them hope and the strength needed to unleash one more strike.
Sylvie kept her distance away from my sword range while shooting precise bullets of mana perfectly timed to save an unguarded soldier.
Of course, neither of us were simply wildly attacking. As I sliced apart smaller foes and brought down gargantuan beasts without discrimination, my eyes were always on the lookout for signs of any large-bodied earth conjurer that resembled Durden or brawler with a fire-affinity that looked anything remotely like my father.
While sweeping my eyes throughout the barren glade, I saw the silhouette of a massive worm towering over the rest of the beasts around it with soldiers in its maw. Occasionally, blasts of fire tore out of its tip, eliciting faint screams from the soldiers before more were consumed by the familiar worm-like beast.

Gritting my teeth, I tore my gaze away, trying once again to spot my father and Durden through the dirt, smoke and debris filling the gaps of the chaotic battlefield.
It was then that I caught sight of another group of soldiers trying to bring down a giant monster. This one, however, was a midnight grizzly.
That particular breed of mana beast ranged from B class to AA class—when it wasn’t corrupted—depending on their maturity and the density of their metallic pelt that they obtained from consuming precious ores.
By its twelve-foot height and the glimmering sheen its spiked fur carried, my guess was that this particular midnight grizzly ranged towards the latter. What drew my attention wasn’t the beast itself, though. It was the broad back of a soldier that fought with thick armored gloves taking the brunt of the grizzly’s attack while the others made futile attempts at bringing the corrupted beast down.
Before my eyes could even deduce whether that person was my father or not, my feet were already moving towards that battle.
Within two mana-infused steps, I was already within range to strike down the grizzly, but my focus turned to the brawler.
I clicked my tongue in frustration. The soldier was in a full set of armor, including a helmet that covered his face.
Flashing beside the soldier that was taking a momentary breather while the beast was occupied by the other soldiers, I took off his helmet.
“Hey! What the hell—”
It wasn’t my father. Suppressing the urge to just crush the flimsy helmet in my hands, I shoved it back on the brawler’s head without a word.
“ Move,” I ordered. It wasn’t just directed towards the man I mistook for my father, but at the other soldiers circling and striking at the midnight grizzly as well.
Being mages made them sensitive to mana, and the mana surging out of me immediately put weight to my words—or rather, word.
I knew Dawn’s Ballad wouldn’t be able to cut through a near-S rank mana beast, especially in the condition it was in. Putting away my sword, I took a step toward the giant metallic, six-limbed bear.
That single step carried me just below one of its razor-sharp claws as the beast struck down. Grabbing ahold of one of its claws that were as thick as my forearm, I shifted my weight and imbued mana at the very last minute.
The result: a 6,000-pound beast was tossed in the air and sent slamming into the ground by a mere teen.
The ground shattered from the impact and the beast—as feral as it was—let out a deep wail in pain.
“Holy crap,” a soldier that had been fighting the beast exclaimed. His giant war hammer was dented and its shaft slightly bent from multiple collisions against the midnight grizzly’s armored pelt.

I wanted to end it quickly but the beast recovered faster than I had expected it to. The grizzly rolled back up to its feet and immediately lashed out with its four clawed arms.
‘Arthur, do you need help?’ Sylvie’s voice sounded in my head.

No. Keep looking out for Durden or my dad. This won’t take much longer.
I swayed, sidestepped, and pivoted, cleanly dodging the barrage of claws that created divots in the dirt around me.
Frustrated, the midnight grizzly attempted to hammer down its two top arms. Rather than dodging it, however, I held up a palm.
Utilizing the technique that Elder Camus had shown me, I created a vacuum just above my open palm and received the full extent of the attack. I couldn’t disperse the force of the midnight grizzly’s powerful claws completely. My feet sank into the ground and my whole body shook.
Still, it was plenty enough to throw off the beast’s center of gravity and leave him wide open. In the time it took to take another step, I had tethered the midnight grizzly’s back legs to the ground so it wouldn’t fly and cause casualties on our side, and condensed several layers of swirling wind around my right fist. The torrent in my hand was enough to make the trained soldiers nearby recoil but when my fist landed squarely in the metal beast’s abdomen, the ground shook from the impact.
A shockwave resonated from the blow, sending some of the weaker soldiers and beasts sprawling on the ground, but it was enough to kill the high-ranking beast.
‘Wasn’t that a bit excessive?’ my bond chimed, obviously feeling the impact from where she was.
The grizzly’s coat seemed to have been affected by the Alacryan’s corruption. I wouldn’t have been able to kill it without at least doing that much.
Unable to even spare the time to gather my breath, I continued my search for Durden and my father.
Despite the lack of conjurers in the frontline, it was hard finding my giant friend. Because of how much more useful earth mages were closer they were to the ground, it wasn’t just one or two earthen spells that I spotted in the distance. And knowing Durden and his unruly strength despite being a conjurer, I knew he wasn’t back near the Wall with the other casters and archers.
Damn it, I cursed. My patience grew thinner with each passing second. Every scream and cry for help made me flinch, afraid that the next one might be either Durden or my father.
Sylvie and I continued on separately as we searched for them as well as killed as many beasts as we could. Not once did I find an Alacryan mage amongst the chaos, but that was a good thing. There were no mages to cast shields to protect the beast horde from our conjurers.
In the blink of an eye, the sun had come up, highlighting the turmoil that stretched out as far as the eye could see.

‘What about using Realmheart again to try and find your father like you did with Ellie?’ Sylvie suggested, her voice weary even in my head.
Don’t you think I’ve thought of that? I snapped. Ellie’s magic is unique enough for me to spot with the ambient mana fluctuations. How am I going to differentiate my father amongst the other hundreds or so soldiers that have a fire-affinity?
‘...’
Letting out a deep breath, I apologized to my bond. The frustration and desperation building up inside me made it hard to tamp down my emotions.
‘It’s okay,’ Sylvie consoled. Her voice was gentle, but I could still feel a tinge of sadness leaking out.
Promising myself to make it up to my ever-faithful bond after this was all over, I continued my search.
Smoke, fire, debris, abandoned weapons, and the corpses of both men and beast decorated the once barren field. As limited as my vision was, I kept my eyes wide and ears open. I knew it was hopeless trying to discern my father amidst the roars of beasts, the cries of soldiers, the hum and crackle of magic and the sharp ringing of metal, but there was little more that I could do.
The number of beasts had dwindled tremendously, but not without loss. Humans, elves, and dwarves alike lay sprawled out on the ground alongside the beasts that they had either killed or were killed by as if highlighting the point that, in death, there were no sides.
Because of the change in my plan, so many soldiers had died. Behind me, unscathed, the Wall stood up high as if mocking us. The ground in front of it was intact despite the explosives we had placed underneath.
My gut told me it was Trodius that had rescinded my plan, since the other two captains were transparent in valuing their troops over the Wall.
It was only the thought of finding my father and Durden—making sure they were okay—-that kept me grounded. I had to remind myself over and over that what I had suggested was only that... a suggestion.
Hours flashed by until the sun was high up in the sky. Soldiers too wounded or too tired to continue fighting were carried off by their comrades as the next batch of soldiers marched forward to replace them.
The beast horde was slowly being pushed back as their numbers dwindled down to the hundreds. It wouldn’t be long now until this major battle would turn out a major victory in the eyes of Dicathen. Still, to the soldiers out here still fighting, each minute that trickled by was another minute that they could easily get killed. To them, this victory would be tarnished by the death of their friends that fought alongside them.
After hours and hours of fighting and searching, my body was moving autonomously. I killed beasts wherever I passed and helped soldiers in distress if they were on my way. I couldn’t save them all, but I couldn’t ignore the ones right in front of me.
It was when I was helping a soldier that had his right leg mauled that I was hit with a wave of panic and worry.
“You! Carry this man back to the Wall,” I said after encasing his bleeding stub in ice.
Sylvie! What happened? I sent, cold sweat dripping down my neck as my bond’s emotions still carried over to me.
I was already heading towards Sylvie’s location. She wasn’t far, less than a mile southwest toward the southern end of the Wall. But why wasn’t she answering?
Despite the scenery blurring past me as I flew, time seemed to slow like a thick viscous fluid. Sounds were muffled and I could hear my heartbeat thumping against my eardrums louder than anything else.
As I got closer and closer though, my vision came in flashes. If felt like I was watching the world through a thick glass jar as I barely made out Sylvie as she held me back in her embrace. I could hear her worried cries but I couldn’t make out the words she was saying.
Her teary eyes as she shook her head and stopped me from going closer registered in my eyes but I couldn’t make out her expression because my focus was on the man dragging his feet towards the team of medics running towards him.
He was missing an arm and half of his face had been burned past the point of recognition, but I still knew it was Durden. And slung over his wide back... was what was left of my father.





Chapter 225
Chapter 225: Shared Affliction
SYLVIE
I should’ve stopped him from coming the moment he reached back out to me. The panic that leaked onto him couldn’t be taken back but I should’ve kept him from seeing it.
The moment I saw Arthur approaching, his eyes begging me to be wrong before his gaze fell onto a sight that no one—man or child—should have to experience, my gut clenched and I felt tears threaten to take over. Seeing the horrified expression of my bond before he let out a breath and began chuckling in wide-eyed denial at what he was seeing, I wanted to disappear.
I wanted to be anywhere but here. I would’ve rather faced another horde of deranged mana beasts by myself than endure the sight of my lifelong bond staring hopelessly at his own father’s bloody corpse.
Arthur staggered forward. He pushed everyone aside and knelt over his father’s unmoving body, and for a moment, it seemed like all was silent.
Beasts and soldiers alike seemed to have sensed the heavy veil that descended onto the entire area, but none could feel my bond’s state of turmoil as much as I could.
It hurt.
It was excruciating... it was unbearable.
I didn’t know my heart could hurt this much. I clutched my chest and sank to the ground, unable to endure the self-destructive state of his emotions.
Tears streamed down my cheeks and blurred my vision. I couldn’t breathe as the torrent of emotions continued to surge out of my bond and into me. Rage that blazed like a forest fire, grief that flooded and drowned everything in its path, a gnawing guilt that trembled the very earth, and regret that destroyed and knocked aside years and years of hard work and development like a hurricane.
I could feel these emotions, that felt like natural disasters wreaking havoc inside my heart, tearing away at Arthur’s very sanity.
Yet, on the surface, Arthur was as silent and still as a statue.
I crawled towards him, gasping for air in between my sobs as my heart wrenched in my chest. It was only then, when I embraced his back—his broad, lonely back—that the thin wall that he had built around himself finally crumbled.
With a guttural, primeval howl that tore through me like shards of glass, my bond broke down in tears.
The very earth seemed to lament for my bond as his sobs and wails filled the air. The ambient mana all around us shook and surged at times to match his anger, while at times undulated rhythmically, sympathizing with his despair as Arthur mourned, clutching his father’s unmoving body.
I continued to cling to my bond’s back as the fiery claws continued to grip and twist my insides. I tried to do more, anything more to help, but I couldn’t. The lump in my throat blocked any words of consolation I could possibly say, so I did what no one else could do; I empathized through the connection I shared with my bond.

This prodigy, that had become a lance, a general, a white core mage, was but a boy that had lost his father right now.
The world continued to move on, even as Arthur and I remained stuck in this time of grieving and loss. The battle that had gone on for two nights had come to an end.
We had won, but not unscathed. The Wall loomed over us as if it were a king, pleased with its own health despite the sacrifices that had been made for it.
It wasn’t Arthur’s anger that made my insides boil like this...it was my own.
Time trickled on until the sun had set. It was only then, that Arthur rose to his feet.
Whether his emotions had been expended or locked away, I didn’t know, but his state of mind mirrored the frozen tomb that he conjured and encased his father’s body in.
Nearby stood Durden, dejected. He had remained silent throughout Arthur’s mourning, never showing any signs of pain or discomfort despite the blood leaking from the bandages hurriedly applied over his face and residual limb.
“Durden. Please take my father’s body to my mother and sister.” My bond’s voice was icy and hollow. He rose to his feet and walked towards the Wall like a reaper of death out on his hunt.
CAPTAIN ALBANTH KELRIS
“Following through with my original plan has led us to victory with minimal losses to the Wall and the underground passages,” Senior Captain Trodius boasted, a rare smile on his usually-stoic face. “Your obedience will not go unnoticed, Captain Albanth, Captain Jesmiya. Well done.”
Jesmiya bowed, receiving the applause of the other unit leaders present in the large meeting tent.
I glanced down at the picture in my hand—worn, ripped, and crinkled around the edges. It was a picture I had found in the chestplate of one of my soldiers before cremating him.
“Captain Albanth?”
Looking up, I saw the senior captain with his brow raised. Beside him were soldiers and nobles that had invested in the Wall, all sharing the same puzzled expression.
“My apologies,” I respond quickly, shoving the picture in my pocket before inclining my head and silently accepting the commendation with gritted teeth.
Coming here after cremating several dozens of my men, many of whom I had shared drinks, meals, and laughs with, it felt wrong to accept any form of praise.
“While a proper celebration is in order, we are at war and there is much to clean up,” Trodius said. “Continue your good work. I will have someone send a small gift to the fallen soldiers’ immediate families.”
“As expected of the head of the Flamesworth House. Your leadership is impeccable,” a portly man standing to the senior captain’s left beamed. “It was the right decision to invest in this fortress.”
Meanwhile, Jesmiya and I exchanged a quick glance, both of us obviously hung up on Senior Captain Trodius’ use of the phrase, ‘clean up’. Surely he wasn’t referring to cremating and burying our allies as ‘cleaning up’, right?

After the other soldiers had trickled off, Jesmiya and I turned to leave when the senior captain called my name.
“Captain Albanth, I’ll need a moment of your time,” he said, waiting for Jesmiya to leave.
After all but the senior captain and three nobles—based on their gaudy and spotless attire—were left, Trodius gestured toward an empty seat.

After sitting on the foldable wooden chair, one of the nobles raised an embellished metal wand and soundproofed the room using wind magic.
“Captain Albanth. You’re home is in Etistin, correct?” the senior captain asked, crossing his legs.
I nodded. “Yes sir.”
“And that means, with the entire city being fortified, your family has been evacuated,” he continued matter-of-factly.
“Yes sir. Fortunately, my position and contributions allowed my family to be able to secure a home in a fortified shelter nearby the castle.”
“I see,” Trodius muttered before turning to a lanky bespectacled nobleman to his right.
Receiving a nod from the senior captain, the nobleman spoke as he slid an unbound scroll toward me. “This is information that Senior Captain Trodius Flamesworth received during the beast horde attack.”
I read flawless writing, cold sweat forming and fingers trembling as I mumbled what I read. “Elenoir Kingdom... Alacryan ships approaching from western coast. Three hundred ships...”
“After discussing with the Council, we’ve surmised that this will be the biggest battle. And it’ll take place in the western shores just above Etistin.
“Also, because of the manpower needed to withstand the Alacryan army, the Council has decided on abandoning the elven kingdom. A majority of the elven troops will be transferred to Etistin while citizens will be evacuated before the Alacryans in Elshire fully take over,” Trodius explained without a shred of emotion.
“Th-This...” the parchment slipped out of my fingers that were slick with sweat. “Why am I the only one to be notified of this? We should tell Captain Jesmiya and spread the word. Our remaining troops need to be transferred to the west if we want to stand a chance! General Arthur was right!”
Senior Captain Trodius’ expression turned sharp. “Had my objective been the same as the boy lance, I too would have proceeded with sacrificing the Wall. However, this fortress will soon become an invaluable location.”
I furrowed my brows. “I don’t understand.”
The portly noble from earlier spoke this time, eagerly leaning forward. “As my family always says, war is a big ol’ bag of money waiting to be open—”
“Sir Niles, please refrain from such insensitive talk,” Trodius admonished.

“R-Right. My apologies.” Niles let out a cough. “Anyway, with the war drawing to an end and so much land being either destroyed or taken by the Alacryans, it’s only a matter of time when people will desperately seek a safe haven.”
“What about Xyrus City? It was to my understanding that the flying city is currently the safest location next to the Castle,” I responded.
The petite nobleman sporting a mustache that had stayed quiet the entire time finally spoke, grumbling in annoyance. “That floating rock is a timebomb waiting to explode.”
“Xyrus City is inherently in a safe location, but the city is not built as a fortress. Once access into the flying city is overridden by the Alacryans—which is entirely plausible from the portals you’ve seen in the dungeons of the Beast Glades—the people there will be sitting ducks,” Trodius clarified.
“Which is why it was so important that the Wall and underground routes remained in one piece. These two aspects will serve as the foundation of a great new city,” the portly nobleman chimed in. “That general is smart, but shortsighted. He wants to destroy this magnificent structure which could potentially become the new capital of Dicathen, or better yet, the only safe haven against the Alacryans!”
“I apologize if I come off as rude, but from what you’re saying, it seems like you’re expecting or even desiring for the Alacryans to win this war,” I seethed, barely able to control my anger.
“How dare you! That is a dangerous accusation you’re making, Captain ,” the fat man barked.
Trodius raised an arm, shutting him up. “It’s easy to shine a negative light on this picture, but what we’re merely doing is capitalizing on the inevitable circumstance. I am in no way rooting for those filthy intruders, but it would be foolish to ignore their military might. Even if we do manage to win this war, Dicathen will not come out unscathed. Elenoir has been abandoned, Darv is hiding in its own shell, and attempts to fortify smaller cities in Sapin have been left to the city officials.”
The senior captain let out a sigh before continuing. “What we seek is to build a new safe haven for citizens to come to. There will be a new society reforged by the Flamesworth House and its patrons.”
I shook my head and laughed out of sheer incredulity. Getting up, I opened my mouth, prepared to risk my position so that I could tell him off.
“Think hard before you let loose your tongue,” Trodius warned with a faint smile. “Did you not say that your father, mother, wife and kids are all in Etistin?”
My eyes widened and my mouth snapped shut.
This was wrong. What they were doing was wrong, but my mouth wouldn’t come open.
“Your reputation and presence here among the soldiers and workers here are great. Stay here, work for our cause and I will ensure you that your family will be brought over here immediately. This wall will continue to be fortified and expanded, utilizing the underground routes. Your family will be safe here and your position here will be much higher and meaningful than being a mere captain.”
“I-I don’t...wh-what about the soldiers here? I thought that you had received a letter ordering you to transfer all able soldiers to Etistin?” I managed to say. I clasped my hands behind my back, unable to keep them from shaking.
“The battle against the vicious beast horde was hardfought. We lost many—too many, in fact, to be able to send west...that is what I am planning on sending as a reply,” Trodius answered simply. “I doubt that the Council will come to check with all that’s on their plate.”
My chest tightened and my breathing came out short. “Then y-you purposely sent out these soldiers to their deaths so that you can—”
“The soldiers here fought to defend the Wall, as originally planned,” Trodius interjected. “No need to overthink.”
“You’re right. There’s no need for me to overthink,” an icy voice resounded from behind me.
But it wasn’t his words that made me shrink. It was the presence that spread out from the voice that hung like a thick shroud in the air, forcing me to my knees and sucking the very breath from my lungs.
I tried to turn around, to at least verify the source of what might very well kill me, but I couldn’t move. I was stuck watching the nobleman froth at the mouth, lose consciousness, or both. And I saw an expression on Trodius that I had never seen on him before... an expression of fear.
His attempts at appearing collected failed as sweat rolled down his face and the barrier of fire that he had conjured fizzled away.
In a voice that seemed practically squeezed out of his windpipe, Trodius spoke.
“General... Arthur.”





Chapter 226
Chapter 226: Punishable Actions
ARTHUR LEYWIN
Rage warred with grief in me for the longest time as I mourned my father’s death.
I cried and I cursed all the while refusing to believe that all of this was real.
As a prodigy, as a mage, as a lance, I just wanted to protect the few people most important to me—to let them be happy and healthy. I abandoned the thought of being a hero to the people of Dicathen. I’ve filled that role before, and I learned that the price of saving those faceless citizens are the people most important to me.
And despite my efforts, I failed to protect them. My hands were stained in the blood of my father—stains that, I feared, would never come off no matter how many other people I saved.
After my tears ran dry and my throat locked up, all that was left inside me was a raw pit of emptiness.
As my father’s corpse was carried off and Durden was guided to the medic tents, I got up and headed inside the Wall.
Applause and cheers erupted as soon as I crossed the fortress gate. Soldiers, smiths, and laborers alike stopped what they were doing. Some bowed, others clapped, but they all looked at me with gazes that made me wince.
I couldn’t take it. Not the people, not the appreciation, not the expressions of relief from having someone to lean on. I couldn’t be here.
Sylvie. Get my sister and take her to the medic tent where my mother is. She’s going to need someone to be there for her, I conveyed while I strode past the cluster of tents that made up the medic ward.
My bond tugged the sleeve of my shirt. “I’ll go get your sister, but Arthur... your mother will need you as much as she needs your sister.”
I don’t bother responding to her aloud like she did for me.
I’m the last person she’d want to see. She no longer sees me as a son and any semblance of affection she might’ve had for me even after I told her the truth... will be gone now that I failed to keep my promise in bringing my fath—Reynolds, back alive.
I brushed her off and made my way towards the main meeting tent.
***
“General... Arthur,” Trodius wheezed, his body involuntarily shrinking back in his seat.
I took another step toward the senior captain, eliciting panicked responses from the nobles beside him.
“M-My spell! How did you even...” the lanky one stuttered, pointing his wand at me after regaining his consciousness.
The portly man to Trodius’ left was a bit more courageous, despite the acrid stench emanating from his freshly-soiled pants.

“Stay back! You are in the presence of nobility! How dare a dog of the Council intrude on an important meeting,” he threatened.
The small-framed noble sporting a thick mustache still lay sprawled on the ground, unconscious after my initial ‘greeting.’
I remained wordless as I took another step. The lankey one let a squeal in response while the fat one flinched. Only Trodius remained unfazed as I slowly approached.
The sea of rage and grief that churned inside me as I wept for my father had been drained, leaving a hollow void that allowed me to think clearly for the first time in a while.
No longer were the screams of panic and worry in my head clouding my judgment, making me irrational and emotional in the vain hopes of keeping all of my loved ones safe.
Now, there was only silence to my soul—a ghostly lull. The fire of rage and the other cacophony of emotions had been extinguished, leaving only a sharp chill in my blood.
It was comforting, in a sense.
If it had been just ten minutes ago, I would’ve done to Trodius what I had done to Lucas.
Except I realized, in this numb and logical state of mind, that Trodius wasn’t as simple as Lucas. I would gain nothing by killing Trodius and he would be able to take what I dished out with that same constipated expression he always had.
I couldn’t use pain. I knew that now. I couldn’t treat Trodius the same way I could Lucas.
It was when I took another step that Trodius finally spoke. Straightening his posture and clearing his throat, he looked me in the eyes and asked, “to what do I owe the pleasure of a lance gracing me with his presence?”
His scrutinizing gaze and the ever-so-slight sneer that tugged on the edge of his lips told me what I knew. He wasn’t afraid of the pain that I could afflict or even the death that he might face.
With his resourcefulness, he was confident in being able to escape, and he would relish the chance to be ‘the one that withstood the fury of a mad lance.’
“D-Don’t come any closer!” the portly man said as he withdrew his own toy-like wand.
“Settle down,” I said, causing both the conscious nobles in the room to stiffen.
“Even as a general, respect must be shown in the face of noble blood,” Trodius admonished, shaking his head.
Another bait. He was edging me to do something so that he could retaliate.
I walked around the table, leisure shown in my face and steps. Arriving in front of the fat noble, I gestured with a finger. “Move.”
“M-Move?” he echoed, flabbergasted as the wand still trembled in his hands.
Anger must’ve triumphed over his fear, or maybe the cornered mouse finally decided to strike, but it was over before it even began.
The spell that threatened to manifest at the tip of his embroidered wand never came, fizzling away like his pride after wetting his own pants.
Before the portly noble could even react, a current of wind hammered down on top of him, slamming his face down into the puddle of his own piss.

I used his wide girth as a footstool while taking a seat on the meeting table just inches away from Trodius.
The senior captain’s mask of indifference faltered, traces of anger flaring before disappearing just as quickly.

“General Arthur,” he spoke calmly. “The noble beneath your feet is Sir Lionel Beynir of the esteemed Beynir House. You will show him and Sir Kyle—”
I leaned forward, grinding my heels more into the unconscious Sir Lionel Beynir. “You see, Trodius, I care little for people, regardless of wealth, fame, and prestige they have when they fail to meet the minimum threshold as a person.”
Trodius’ eyes narrowed. “Excuse me? I don’t exactly know how much you heard from outside but to blatantly sully a noble will not be tolerated no matter what sort of position you hold in the military.”
“You keep referring to yourself and these fools as nobles but all I see are four weasels trying to capitalize on their own country’s loss and using soldiers as tools to step on and bring yourself higher.” I looked down at the noble beneath my feet to further my point.
Trodius’ eyes flared with indignation. “Revoking the plan that you suggested is no sin, General Arthur. The loss of the soldiers are regrettable but for the sake of preserving this fortress, their deaths are not in vain.”
“That would’ve only been true if your goal for keeping the Wall wasn’t to try and build yourself your own little society where you and your minions will have free reign.”
“N-Nonsense! My goal was to create a safe haven where the citizens of Dicathen have a place to sleep without fear. For you to twist my wor—”
I grabbed ahold of Trodius’ tongue and pulled it out of his mouth. “To my understanding, twisting words is what this thing seems to do best.”
A flicker of blue flames danced on the tip of the senior captain’s tongue as I pressed firmly down. Trodius’ eyes widened in pain as he tried to imbue his own fire affinity mana in hopes to shield his body against my flames.
The smell of burning flesh filled the tent as I continued to brand his tongue with my ignited fingers.
Still he held strong, unable to let go of his pride enough to even let out a sound.
I pulled the senior captain close, my fingers still sizzling on top of his burning tongue. I let the malice drip from my voice as I hissed into his ear. “You see, Trodius, one of the soldiers that died out there because of your selfish plans was my father.”
I felt the hiccup drop down in his throat as my fingers continued to sear his tongue.
“So believe me when I say that I’m going to see the actions that you took to get to where we are right now as personal.” I released my grip on his blackened tongue. The tip had become completely burnt off, without even a trace of blood.
Trodius immediately snapped his jaw shut, clamping his hands over his mouth as if he could protect himself from me.
“Don’t think that my relationship with your sister and estranged daughter have anything to do with why I’m keeping you alive,” I muttered, grabbing the fine parchments in front of him as I got up. “Killing you here would be showing mercy. Instead, I’ll let you stew in the consequences of your actions here today by taking what you value most.”
I turned to Albanth, who had been quietly and fearfully observing the situation. “Seeing as you’ve witnessed everything here today, send a message to the Council stating that for betraying his kingdom and perjury towards the Council, he and the rest of the Flamesworth House will be stripped from their titles of nobility.”
“ Gno ! You hab no wight!” Trodius screamed, his voice raw with unrepressed emotion.

“I believe I have every right, and the Council will surely agree once they find out you were planning on lying to them in order to keep soldiers here for yourself,” I replied coldly, waving the papers in my hand.
Trodius scrambled towards me, tripping over his unconscious investor before desperately launching a ball of fire at the papers in my hand.
“Add attempted assault of a representative of the Council,” I said to Albanth, blocking the sphere of flames with a conjured pane of ice.
“Y-You ca’t do dis!” he yelled, rushing to me and clinging to my feet. “The Fwameswoth house—”
“Will be nothing but a commoner’s surname,” I finished. “The precious legacy that you prided yourself in and tried so hard to raise, going as far as abandoning your own daughter, will have been the cause of the Flamesworth family’s downfall.”
I turned my attention back to Albanth. “I believe you have a message to send? Unless you’re still considering Trodius’ proposal?”
“Of c-course not!” Albanth straightened and took the parchments out of my hand. “I’ll get this to the Council along with your message to my fastest and most trustworthy messenger.”
“Also, get Captain Jesmiya and a few of her men in here to round these gentlemen up,” I added, sending the captain off, leaving Trodius and I as the only ones left conscious in the tent.
Behind me, still on the ground, was Trodius. The man who had been the pinnacle of nobility and pride had been reduced to a trembling sack of bones as he glared daggers at me.
“Like I said, killing you here would be a mercy.” I stepped out of the tent, taking one last glance back. “I hope you live a long life where you’re reminded of me every time you utter a mispronounced word from your deformed tongue.”
***
Sylvie and I stood atop the familiar cliff of the mountain overlooking the Wall. From this high up, the remnants of the battle could barely be seen under the blanket of night and the fortress seemed to be peaceful.
I knew all too well that the Wall was in a flurry of activity; mending the broken, feeding the weak, burying the dead, but I pushed down the emotions that threatened to build back up again.
It was so much easier the way it was right now, the comforting emptiness that numbed my emotions—both good and bad.
“Ellie is with your mother right now. They’re going to cremate him,” my bond said, her voice almost lost amidst the howling winds.
At her words leaked thoughts and emotions I had desperately tried to avoid. I saw my weeping sister and my mother on her knees, bloody fingers clawing at the ground in indignation.
I felt the pain my bond had felt as my mother’s eyes narrowed eyes burned with accusation and resentment. Would she have looked at me like that as well, had I been there? That was the only thing I could ask myself.
“It’s best that I’m not there,” I replied, placing a gentle hand on Sylvie’s head.
Sylvie turned to me, her large yellow eyes wrinkled in concern. “Arthur...”
“I’m fine, really,” I said, but my voice came out deadpan. “It’s better this way.”
My bond’s expression dimmed and just from that I could tell she could feel the emotions from me, or rather, the lack of emotions.
This was what I did in the past as Grey. I knew that suppressing my emotions and locking them away wasn’t healthy but I had no choice.
I had no confidence in being able to handle what I was trying so hard not to feel. I know that doing this was burying a time bomb deep inside me, but I just needed it to last until I finished this war.
Maybe after this war was over, I’d confront all of this and be able to face my mother, but for now I couldn’t bear looking at her or my sister’s face.
‘Do not fall back to your old ways. You know best that the deeper you go into that pit, the harder it will be to climb back out.’ Rinia’s words came to mind and I began to think of the other omens she left me before shaking my head.
Looking at my worried bond, I shielded my thoughts. I didn’t want her to know—I didn’t want anyone to know—that I was beginning to sincerely deliberate Agrona’s deal.
“Let’s go see, Sylv.”





Chapter 227
Chapter 227: Above Limitations
GREY
“Hey. It’s me, Grey. Just thought I’d try this phone again. Anyway, the King’s Crown Competition is starting in our city and Lady Vera already got me a spot to compete. I’ve been just training ‘til now so going out in the official competition really makes it feel... real. “Did you know that Jimmy Low—you know, that cocky overweight guy in our class with the lisp—is also a contestant too? When Lady Vera told me that, I thought of the time when you sold him that fake contraption that was supposed to help him lose weight while he sleeps. I bet he’s still mad that you conned him like that.
“Anyway, I just wanted to let you know that I told Lady Vera to save a spot for you in her family’s private viewing room. It’d be great if you could come by and watch me kick everyone’s asses... I miss you, Nico. I don’t know what’s happening to you but just know that you’re not alone in this. I’m here for you. “You know where to reach me. Hope to hear from you soon, man.” I ended the call after hearing the monotonous confirmation that my message had been sent and let out a sigh.
“Damn it, Nico. What the hell are you up to?” Rubbing my temples, I leaned my head back against the reading chair and waited for the pain to subside.
The last time I had seen my friend was the night we had fought. It had been a few weeks after Cecilia was taken and my training was becoming harder as the competition dates drew near.
I would train from dawn until sundown and then sneak out of Lady Vera’s manor in order to help Nico put up fliers and ask around local police departments for any information. Half the time it was us getting scolded or kicked out of their offices.
Tired and fed up with the lack of progress, I suggested we call it a night. That’s when Nico blew up on me. He accused me of being callous and uncaring because I was prioritizing my training with Lady Vera over finding Cecilia.
I couldn’t hold it in anymore at that time either. I had tried to reason with him before, saying that if the enforcers were really the ones who took her, the two of us were way out of our league. Still, my stubborn friend couldn’t sit still knowing that his girlfriend was somewhere out there.
I didn’t blame him but that didn’t mean I agreed with him. Needlessly insisting that two kids barely out of highschool—military or not—could make a difference in an investigation that no one was investigating, was optimistic at best.
With the promise of making sure Lady Vera’s best investigators would help, I called it an early night.
That was the last time I heard from Nico.
I did the right thing, I assured myself, sinking back further into the chair. Right now, winning the competition is the most important. The city tournament shouldn’t pose much trouble and I’m fairly confident even for the county tournament.
Even if I won’t become a king right away after I win the entire King’s Crown Competition, I’d still have influence from the Council. My two biggest goals were to get to the bottom of Headmaster Wilbeck’s murder and then finding and protecting Cecilia so she and Nico could go live a happy little life together. Despite Nico’s urgency, I knew Cecilia wouldn’t be harmed, assuming that the enforcers had taken her—she was too valuable of an asset to kill.
That’s why I have to win. Just a few months... then I can make everything right once I become a king.
***
“Cadet Grey...” a soft mellow voice sounded nearby. My eyes flickered open, my vision still a blur. It was only when I felt someone touch my shoulder that I snapped awake. The results of my instincts and training kicked in, and by the time I was truly conscious of what I had done, a maid was sitting in the seat that I had fallen asleep in and my right hand was pressed slightly against her throat.
“M-My bad!” I quickly let the maid go, helping her back on her feet.
“No... my apologies, Cadet Grey. Lady Vera had informed me not to make contact with you when you were sleeping. I must’ve forgotten,” she quickly amended, dipping her head lower.
She then gestured to the training uniform that she had laid out neatly on my unused bed. “Lady Vera has instructed me to inform you that today’s lessons are cancelled in light of the upcoming tournament. Instead, you will be sparring with the other king candidates sponsored by Lady Vera’s family.”
“Will Lady Vera be there?” I asked, already changing into my training clothes.

The maid shook her head. “Unfortunately, she will be busy with meetings. She has assured me, however, that she will still make it to your rounds for the city competition tomorrow.”
I was disappointed but I didn’t let it show as I nodded in reply. After the maid excused herself, I found my hand fiddling with the small trinket that Lady Vera had given me after she saved me from those interrogators that tortured me. It was the insignia of Lady Vera’s house. The Warbridge name that Vera carried distinguished themselves with the emblem of two crossed swords supporting a golden arch.
Whether it was the reassurance it gave me, proving I had a house that I belonged to, or the fact that it was given to me after one of the most difficult times in my life, I couldn’t go anywhere without it. I stuck it back into my pocket before heading down.
As I walked through the unique-looking buildings and structures placed in between the flawlessly groomed garden and lawn of the Warbridge estate, I was reminded of how different this place was from the usual places I’d been to.
It might’ve had to do with the fact that being in a named house’s estate for the first time, or the fact that the Warbridge House members were actually citizens of a different country.
I had learned fairly early on was that, while they were not from my homeland of Etharia, their home country—Trayden—had had an alliance with Etharia for over ten years now. This made them eligible to be sponsors for Etharia’s kings, and vice versa.
I wasn’t too interested in the politics involved in all of this, but since the king still did have a weight in meetings of the Council, I was required to take extensive lessons about the different countries and their diplomatic alliances toward one another.
By the time I arrived in the Warbridge dueling arena, there was a flurry of activity and noises coming from within.
Aside from the five government-approved dueling platforms with proper safety features added were a variety of training equipment. Some of the older—but still efficient—contraptions used lead weights while other more up-to-date tools utilized the user’s own ki to power and train.
Normally, there would be quite a few cadets on various training machines but today was different. Family members of the cadets being sponsored here were cheering on their children or siblings that were duking it out in the arena while the cadets that weren’t able to make the cut to participate in the city competition had been expelled with their contracts cut off.
I was just in time to see a facilitator I hadn’t met before mark the start of a mock duel. Keeping to the back, I watched with curiosity as to how the other candidates under Lady Vera were doing.
Having the privilege of being taught by her personally, I had never actually seen the others, much less knew their skills.
The one to initially catch my interest was the one without a weapon. His expression and the way he held himself told me he had some level of confidence against the sword and shield cadet.
As soon as the mock duel began, the one without a weapon held out his empty hand and shouted, “Form!”
What fizzled into his hand was a glowing yellow spear.
Immediately, the crowd formed around the spar roared with surprise and pride.
“It’s an actual ki weapon!” an older gentleman exclaimed.
“And he formed it so fast,” another man beside him added.
If it had been a year ago, I would’ve reacted just like the ones in the crowd, perhaps even more because of my disability. It didn’t just take a lot of time and effort to form a ki weapon, but a sufficient amount of ki as well.
However, I knew from my many lessons with Lady Vera regarding the types of opponents I would face—and even seeing her manifest her own ki weapon—that this cadet’s spear was no better than an embellished plastic stick at this point.
I had been taught that true masters of ki weapons spent years physically crafting the type of weapon that they wanted to materialize in order to be able truly visualize how their own weapon would manifest. From there, they would start by slowly enveloping their own ki around the type of weapon they wished to form. It was only after they had truly mastered this step that they transitioned into forming a weapon with just their ki.
This cadet, who couldn’t be more than a year older than me, had obviously skipped out on a lot of steps. It was obvious from how his weapon materialized and how simple the design was. The generic ki spear had almost bubbled into existence unlike the videos of true ki weapon masters I’d seen.
Still, I couldn’t help but feel a pinch of envy at the fact that he could do something that I would never be able to do. Unlike regular weapons, that had to be inspected and constantly kept within regulations by the World Committee to prohibit cheating by using technology, ki weapons did not have restrictions in competitions. This included even Paragon Duels that happened amongst kings over political disputes.

It was an advantage that many kings utilized... one that I could never even dream of doing.

Putting aside my self-pity, I peered with a watchful eye. While most of these cadets were chosen through various talent agencies, they were still here because they met the Warbridge family’s standards.
“Begin!” the facilitator barked, taking a step back.
The look on the sword and shield cadet’s face told me the initial shock from the ki weapon had faded. Steeling himself, he charged forward with a ki-infused step. He feigned a shield bash and pivoted to the spear user’s left side. Keeping his shield up in defense against the spear, he swiped down towards his opponent’s open thigh with his shortsword.
Caught off guard, the ki weapon user stumbled back but managed to at least dodge the attack to his leg. By how the spear user quickly regained his balance and wits and kept the shield cadet out of range showed that he had some sense of fighting.
Through superior range and the advantage of weapons, the spear cadet won. It wasn’t a one-sided battle though, and I could tell by how pale the winner’s face was by the end that if his opponent had managed to break his ki weapon, he wouldn’t have been able to materialize another.
Still, that didn’t keep the winner from forming a nasty sneer on his sweaty face and kicking the shield away from his opponent.
Rolling my eyes, I made my way towards the arena to let the facilitator know I wasn’t skipping out.
“Oh look, it’s Lady Vera’s favorite pet,” one of the spectating cadets that had yet to spar spoke up.
Everyone turned towards me, giving me different expressions... none of them particularly pleasant.
Ignoring them, I walked up and waved at the stout and muscular facilitator. “I was told to do a few rounds before my ki meditation this afternoon.”
“Mmm, I was told you would be coming but I don’t have a cadet assigned to be your sparring partner yet,” he grunted, lowering the barrier generated around the arena before looking around.
I stepped into the elevated platform without a word, immediately stretching and getting the kinks out of my body that came from falling asleep on the chair.
“I don’t think I’d be able to pair you up accurately with someone since I’m not familiar with the level you’re at. Anyone in particular you want to spar with, Cadet Grey?” the facilitator asked.
“Anyone’s fine,” I said, not bothering to stop stretching.
“Let me go, Mr. Kali. I’ve been curious how good Lady Vera’s crippled pet is,” a familiar voice jeered.
I looked up to see that it was the cadet that just sparred using his ki spear.
“Mason. Keep your tongue in check while you’re in my dueling arena,” the facilitator admonished before turning to me. “Are you okay with him?”
I stood up, looking at the boy named Mason while stretching my arm. “I’d prefer a cadet that’s in better condition.”
Mason slapped his palms on the hard arena floor. “I can beat you silly with both feet anchored to the floor! Mr. Kali, let me teach this cocky brat a lesson!”
There was a beat of hesitation before the facilitator jerked his thumb back, signaling Mason to come up onto the arena. “Put on your protective gears. Cadet Grey, pick out a weapon.”

After putting on the chest and head piece infused with ki, I picked out a single-edged short sword from the rack. After checking its balance like Lady Vera had taught me and swinging it a couple of times, I walked backed to the center of the arena.
“Did you forget your shield or other sword, Cadet Grey?” Mr. Kali asked, looking at my single blade.
“No. This is fine,” I replied.
Mason looked to be waiting for me to appear fully in view before he materialized his ki weapon. Raising his hand dramatically while locking gazes with me, the spear glowed into existence, albeit a little slower than the first time.
After getting a nod of confirmation from the two of us, he swung his hand down. “Begin!”
While I didn’t want to drag this battle out, I knew that I couldn’t just rush in like the previous cadet had. Thinking critically was something I had long since gotten used to because of my lack of ki. I wouldn’t be able to create that burst of speed like the sword and shield cadet had done, so I stood my ground.
In fact, I didn’t even take a stance, going as far as leaving my neck wide open.
“Is this a joke?” Mason scoffed, pointing the tip of his glowing spear at me.
“The duel has already begun,” I replied simply, cracking a smile.
“Don’t blame me if you wind up physically crippled as well, no-name,” he snapped before bursting forward in an explosion of ki.
I had to admit that his charge was impressive, especially considering how much ki he had spent the last round as well.
Still, to my eyes, his movements seemed almost telephoned. Over a year of training under Lady Vera and her team of coaches had honed my untamed instincts into an almost unfair technique.
At the last moment, I dodged his thrust and struck up at his right hand fingers gripping the spear in the front.
I could sense the thin protective aura of ki shudder, absorbing the impact. Mason still winced in pain though, and more importantly, he was still in my range.
I sidestepped and brought my sword back down on the same hand, but from a different angle.
Sensing my intent, Mason shifted his movements to block but even the slight twitch in his shoulder told me where his next move was going to be.
By the time he positioned himself to block my strike, my strike had already shifted course and landed on his gloved fingers.
This strike didn’t end with just a wince.
“Gahh!” he belched from the pain. I had to give him credit for not letting go of his weapon, despite the crack that resounded from the blow.
It took all of two more moves to finish the spar, and another half hour to finish the rounds against the remaining cadets.
By the end of my warm up, the looks of pity that some of them had given me for being a cripple were wiped clean.
***
“Ahh!” I breathed out after taking a long chug from the soda bottle I had kept hidden from Lady Vera. It was lukewarm but the sugary carbonation helped me in ways no amount of training and healthy foods could.
After drying myself from the shower and changing into more comfortable clothes for my meditation, I walked down the halls when I heard a familiar voice in the floor below by one of the studies.
I ran down the stairs, excited to greet Lady Vera. It had been more and more difficult to even see her face, but I stopped in my tracks when I saw an unfamiliar man with her by the door. He was facing away so all I could tell about his appearance was that he had short trim hair and dressed fashionably in a military-styled suit.
“Yes. Yes, I understand. I’ll let him know that he’s qualified,” Lady Vera said to the man softly. “He might get curious but he’s not too greedy about actually competing so I don’t think he’ll press me too much,” she continued.
His voice was low and hard to understand but I could hear bits and pieces of Lady Vera speaking before she escorted the man inside the sound-proofed study.
“Of course. Yes, she won’t be mentioned. I understand. Thank you. You’re right. He’ll have to fight at least once in order to appease the mass. We’ll prepare Grey for the district...”





Chapter 228
Chapter 228: Anchor
ARTHUR LEYWIN
I let out a groan, barely able to hear my own voice over the wind blasting around us. Propping myself back up on Sylvie’s spiked back, I scanned my surroundings.
I could see the flying castle nearing in the distance, filling me with a mixture of emotions. The strongest of them had to do with seeing Tessia. It was actually probably the only reason why I didn’t go straight to Etistin where the real battle would be happening soon.
The castle guards, noticing Sylvie, split apart to form a path while the landing dock opened soundlessly.
I had to hand it to the artificers of the olden days—the wise and powerful mages that were responsible for not only lifting an entire castle up in the sky but an entire city as well and connecting each major city with a teleportation portal. The constructs left an awe-inspiring feeling every time I saw them.
It begged the question of what really happened to them. But at the same time, finding out the answer to that wasn’t exactly top in my priorities list.
Let’s get this over with quickly. I need some scythes or retainers or any Alacryan soldier to kill, I conveyed, hopping off my bond.
Surprisingly, the landing dock, which was usually filled with activity and noise, was completely empty aside from the lone figure by the door. It was Virion.
It took me a moment to realize who it was because of how different he looked.
The powerful confidence that the old elf usually radiated alongside his lighthearted smirk was gone, replaced by a grim expression complimented by the layers of bags weighing down his eyes.
His silver hair was unbound and the robes he wore looked a tad too big on him. Still, seeing me and Sylvie, his face softened into what I assumed was a smile of relief.
Walking up to me in a graceful gait that couldn’t be diminished with just age, he immediately wrapped his arms around me.
I was stunned. My body flinched from the unexpected physical contact, and for a while my mind went blank.
“Welcome back. You did everything you could, Arthur... you did great,” he said softly, in a voice that seemed unfamiliar yet so familiar at the same time.
The frigid shell of apathy that I had kept myself encased in—away from the anger, grief, loss and other emotions that were trying to claw their way inside—had melted.
It could’ve been the warmth of his embrace, or the warmth of his words, but I found myself crying once more. Tears streamed down my cheeks, unabated and warm.
My shoulders trembled as I tried all I could to keep myself from breaking down once again, but Virion’s words continued to echo in my mind.
I did all I could. I did great.
Sylvie remained silent but I felt her soft touch conveying just as much emotion as Virion’s embrace.

Commander, lance, and asura... the three of us stood there alone in the large empty room, forgetting just for a moment who we were.
***
I held my fist just in front of the door, reluctant to knock.
I don’t think I can do this by myself right now. Are you sure you don’t want to see Tess with me? I asked my bond who was in another part of the castle.
‘She needs you right now. Just you,’ she replied coolly before intentionally blocking off our mental connection, leaving me stranded.
Virion had said the same thing after hours of trying to comfort his granddaughter. She had locked herself in her room, refusing to see everyone that wanted to help.
If her own parents and grandfather couldn’t get to her, how could I?
That was my excuse, anyway. I couldn’t call myself the most empathetic individual and my emotional mindset wasn’t any better than hers right now, it was just that having almost two lifetimes of experience kept me at least functioning.
But still, she needed my help, just like I had needed Sylvie and Virion’s.
I pushed down the darkness, all of the bad thoughts, and put them away for now. I’d deal with my own losses in my own time. For now, Tess needed me.
Holding my breath, I knocked on the door.
No answer.
I knocked again. “Tess, it’s Arthur.”
She didn’t answer but I could hear her light steps approaching the door. After a moment, the wooden entrance to Tess’ room slid open and I locked eyes with the girl on the other side.
I had seen so much in those vivid turquoise eyes of hers... laughter, joy, anger, determination. But this was the first time to see such utter despair. It hurt me to see her like this, so much so that I wanted to turn away.
Instead I thought of when she had been there for me, comforting me when I was vulnerable. Clearing my throat, I stepped into her room and pulled her towards the shower.
“You don’t need help washing up, right?” I teased, hoping for some sort of response.
Without a word, she began stripping, throwing me off guard. Through sheer determination, I managed to turn away before I could see anything and I waited anxiously outside on the couch.
After what seemed like an hour, Tessia stepped out of the bathroom with a towel barely slung over her chest and her dark gray hair dripping pools of water behind her.
Getting up, I grabbed another towel and sat her down in front of the small vanity in the corner of her room. My chest ached at the fact that Tessia couldn’t even bring herself to look at her own reflection.
Virion had told me what had happened after reading the report from General Aya. I knew the choices she had made and the consequences that had resulted from them. She blamed herself much like I did but even I knew that consoling her wasn’t as simple as saying, ‘hey, I know how you feel.’

So, I didn’t say anything. I gently patted down her long hair with the spare towel I brought. After that, I created a warm soft breeze from all directions to completely dry her hair.
After her hair was sufficiently dried, I grabbed the brush from the wooden vanity. While combing her hair, all I could think about was how small her shoulders looked. They were shoulders that had so much burden and expectations placed on them. It was easy to forget that before this war, she had just been a student. Despite the similar physical age we shared, she didn’t have a past life to rely on for experience and mental fortitude.

“You’re really bad at this.” Tess’ voice was soft and hoarse, but it still made my heart skip a beat.
“I-It’s not like I have experience doing this sort of thing,” I rebutted, embarrassed.
I was about to put back the brush, but a glance back from Tess stopped me. “I didn’t tell you to stop.”
“Yes, Princess,” I replied. Normally, she’d be pouting from a response like that. Tess had always hated it since the first time we met whenever I referred to her as ‘princess,’ but not even the slightest hint of emotion could be seen on her face.
Still, it was just good to hear her voice.
For a while, I just absentmindedly talked while slowly brushing her hair. I told her stories of my childhood—silly stories of our misadventures back together in Elenoir when we were kids. While we had spent a lot of time training, and me assimilating with Sylvia’s beast will, that didn’t mean we didn’t relax and have fun.
The memories of simpler times made Tessia titter on occasion and correct my story.
“I was the one that had told you we shouldn’t go down that ravine, not you, wise guy,” she chortled.
“Really? I’m sure I was the smart and cautious one when we were little.”
She rolled her eyes. “Smart, I’ll admit, but I wouldn’t exactly say you were a cautious one. Ugh, I still remember finding the moss leeches on my body even hours after we made it back home.”
I stifled a laugh, remembering clearly how grossed out she had been at the harmless wriggling leeches that stuck to our skin. She didn’t even have the courage to slap them off, resorting in a spastic flail of limbs that made her look like she had been shocked by lightning.
“Why are you laughing?” she asked, narrowing her eyes.
I didn’t answer, instead doing my best impression of her get-these-leeches-off-me dance.
“I was eight!” she protested, hitting me in the arm.
“Finally, you show some spirit.” I smiled, rubbing my arm.
She glared at me, but when I raised my arms up in submission, she turned fully towards me and wrapped her arms around my waist.
Tess remained still, her face buried in my chest. Even as the towel around her fell, leaving her completely bare, she didn’t react.
Suddenly, I was all too conscious. I was conscious of her soft pale flesh, the intoxicating smell that emanated from her.

When she looked up, her captivating eyes met mine and despite the shade of pink rising up in her cheeks and ears, I could see the longing and need for affection.
She closed her eyes then and pursed her quivering lips and it took all I had to stay sane. I reminded myself of the days after I had become a king. The days of loneliness where I questioned my self-worth. The days where I indulged in physical intimacy to get a semblance of what being loved felt like—not as a political figure, but as a person.
I lowered my head, and for a second, I was tempted to meet her lips with mine. We had done so before, afterall.
But I knew that given the circumstances, it wasn’t the same.
I placed a gentle kiss on her forehead, feeling her flinch under my touch.
She pulled away. “Why? Am I not attractive enough? Is it because you still see me as a kid? I’m already eighteen. Or...is it that you blame me for what happened too?”
“Do you blame yourself?” I asked back.
Tess lowered her gaze and nodded. “I-I was selfish and I thought that—”
“Then you’re growing,” I cut her off, tucking a lock of hair behind her ear. “We all make mistakes, but the hardest part is admitting them and moving forward so they don’t happen again.”
Her shoulders trembled as she sniffled. “So it’s not because I’m unattractive?”
It took a second to realize what she was talking about. Immediately my face burned as I took in her exposed figure. “No, it’s not because you’re unattractive. I just want to do it properly, when neither of us are doing this as a way to escape.”
Prying my unwilling eyes away from the sight in front of me, I turned away. “You should get dressed. There’s one more thing I wanted to do for you.”
***
The kitchen was empty when we arrived, but thankfully there were plenty of ingredients stored in the chilled containers to make a quick midnight snack for ourselves.
“You wanted to... eat with me?” Tess asked, looking around the kitchen.
Taking a wrapped slab of meat from the storage, I held it up. “I wanted to cook for you.”
“Cook? Why?”
I shrugged, gathering the rest of the ingredients and laying them out to prepare. “You’ve grown up with meals made for you by the chefs in the castle.”
Rather than use magic, I pulled out a kitchen knife and I began dicing and mincing the ingredients. “Back in Ashber, when I was a kid, my mom used to cook all of our meals. She poured her time and energy just to see a smile on my and... my dad’s faces while we ate.”
My hand trembled but I continued cutting. “Sitting at the dinner table...laughing and joking over good food. It was one of those things that I never truly appreciated—not until it was... too late.”
I hurriedly wiped away a tear. “Ah, s-some of the spices must’ve gotten into my eyes. Sorry about that. Almost forgot about the water.” I turned away from Tess and lowered the fire beneath the boiling pot of broth.
Through gritted teeth, I held back the sobs forming in my chest, but the tears wouldn’t stop. My hands shook and my breath came out in choked bursts.
Flashes of memory from my time as a child growing up in Ashber pierced at my head like hot iron stakes, but I held firm. I needed to comfort Tess.
“It’s okay. I’m okay, Art.” Her voice was gentle, and her soft caress was enough to drive me to my knees.
I fell to the cold hard floor, clutching my chest as heaving sobs tore out from my throat. I didn’t remember much throughout the rest of the night. Maybe I didn’t want to remember being bogged down by the unfamiliar and raw emotions clawing away at me.
What I did remember, was the warm touch of Tess’ hands keeping me anchored and sane.





Chapter 229
Chapter 229: Field of White
Alduin slammed the door as he stormed off. The room still shuddered slightly from the impact.
“That didn’t go too bad. I didn’t think he’d give in so easily,” Virion breathed, sinking back in his seat. These past months had done worse for the weathered old elf than all the years I’d known him combined.
“Neither did I,” I mused, my eyes still on the door that Alduin had exited through.
The Council meeting had finished more than an hour ago, but Alduin stayed to protest the decision Virion had made. Even General Aya, who never voiced her opinions regarding orders, pleaded with Commander Virion to reconsider earlier.
I didn’t blame them. Virion had ultimately decided to evacuate forces from Elenoir and focus troops on the western border to defend against the Alacryan ships coming from the ocean. For the elves, this meant that they were basically being abandoned.
By the end of their discussion just now, Alduin was still angry, but he relented.
“Seeing that he wants to lead the strategy for evacuating our people, it feels like he’s finally understanding that we’re fighting to protect Dicathen as a whole, not just Elenoir.” He let out a sigh, rubbing his temples. “This will at least give me more time to focus on the fallback scenarios.”
I nodded. Forming strategies for battles was only half the task during times of war. Thinking of various contingencies and getting all of your troops to know what to do when things didn’t work out as planned was just as, if not more, important.
The two of us stood wordlessly in the room for a moment before Virion cleared his throat. I knew the question that was coming. It was the question that Virion had struggled to ask me when I had arrived back at the Castle.
“So, Arthur. Have you thought about my request?” Virion said, cold determination in his eyes.
I met his strong gaze. “I have, and I’m afraid that I’m going to have to respectfully refuse.”
“And what if I change my request to an order?” he challenged.
“Then I’d have no choice but to do it.”
After a beat of silence, Virion let out a deep sigh, shaking his head. “If your father hadn’t died, would you have said yes?”
My jaw tightened and I struggled to keep calm but I managed a response. “Most likely.”
He waved his hand in dismissal before continuing. “Fine. I won’t push anymore on this topic.”
“Thank you,” I said consolingly. “Besides, I’ve heard that General Bairon is fairly knowledgeable in war, anyway.”
“The Wykes’ family tradition is always to teach their younger generation the art of war and battle,” Virion replied. “But his knowledge stems from books of theory and old teachings.”
“Compared to my knowledge... as a teenager?” I rebutted with an amused smile.

Virion chortled. “If I thought you were a normal teenager, I would treat you the same as my granddaughter and put you both, along with the rest of your family, in protective custody.”
“Maybe I’ll take you up on that offer,” I teased.
“There is no offer, brat. Speaking as the commander, I can’t afford to lose you, so toughen up,” he growled. “If you’re not going to lead, then at least get your hands bloody.”
“Aye aye, commander,” I saluted. “Just have that early retirement package waiting for me.”
“Will do,” he chuckled.
The two of us talked a bit more, mostly Virion telling me what to expect once Sylvie and I arrive at Etistin, but also bringing up stories from our past.
After all, this might be the last time we would see each other.
“My mother and sister should be arriving at the castle in the next day or so. Please take care of them in case I don’t make it back,” I said, holding out my hand.
There was a part of me that wanted to personally say goodbye to my mother and sister, to see their faces one last time in case I really didn’t make it out of this battle alive, but a bigger part of me was scared.
I was more comforted by the fact that, even if I died, my remaining family might mourn for me, rather than look at me with faces filled with hatred, disdain or apathy.
If that made me a coward, then I would embrace that title. At this point, I was fighting this war more to escape than I was to save our people from the Alacryans.
Virion clasped my hand and pulled me into a hug. “You know I’ll treat Alice and Eleanor as if they were my own blood. They’ll be given the same priority for retreat as Tessia and the Council.”
“Thank you.” I let go of his hand and walked towards the door. I turned back one last time to see Virion with a clenched jaw and stiffened neck as he did all he could to keep composed. “You’re one of the few people in this world that made this life worth living and this continent worth fighting for.”
“Are you sure you don’t need any armor?” I asked my bond, concerned to see her just wearing a long black cloak over a pair of pants and a long-sleeved tunic all fashioned out of her own scales. Her long wheat-colored hair was pulled back and tied into a braid, accentuating her large horns.
“My scales are strong enough. Besides, conventional armor would be useless when I shift between forms,” she answered as we continued our way towards the teleportation room.
The doors were already open with only one guard stationed in front. Because many of the soldiers in the Castle were sent off to Etistin, the lack of personnel was definitely noticeable.
I could see a few a familiar faces, waiting to send us off amidst the workers bustling about, making sure the teleportation gate was functional and set to the right location. Aside from Tess and Elder Buhnd, Kathyln and Elder Hester were here as well.
“Looking quite dashing there, young hero,” Elder Hester smiled. “Clothes really do make the man.”
“It’s good to see you again, Elder Hester,” I greeted, holding out a hand. “I hope you don’t take what I did personally.”
Hester Flamesworth accepted my gesture with a wry smile. “I heard about your father and what Trodius was planning. The Flamesworth prestige isn’t nearly as important for me and I hope this will serve to humble my... brother. At this point, all I can say is thank you for allowing him to live.”
I nodded, letting go of her hand before turning to Elder Buhnd. I gave the old dwarf a pat on the shoulder. “I could tell from the meeting we had earlier that you’re just itching to go out into the field. What do you say, wanna just book it out of here with me?”

“Bah, and get my arse dragged back by Virion? I’ll pass. Besides, it seems like he needs a hand with everything going on these days,” he replied, looking up at me. “Be careful over there. I know it may not feel like it right now, but there are people that care about you and are waiting for you to come back.”
Again, I just nodded. The promise I had made to my mother—that I would make sure my father was okay, turned out to be empty. I didn’t want to say or promise anything I couldn’t keep.

My gaze eventually fell on Kathyln, who had been silent.
“Thank you for seeing me off,” I told her, holding out my hand.
Kathyln hesitated before grabbing my hand. She looked up, concern knitted in her brows. “I wish I could fight alongside you and my brother.”
“Your mission is just as important, if not more, for the future of Dicathen. Don’t worry,” I comforted with a smile. I could feel her anxiousness and frustration at being unable to fight in the main battle.
Councilman Blaine and Councilwoman Merial had ‘ordered’ her to be sent to the Wall to help the remaining soldiers there scout the area and make sure there weren’t any stray beasts heading towards the fortress. After Trodius had been taken away and many of the soldiers were sent to Blackbend City in order to be transported to Etistin, the Wall was severely lacking in capable fighters.
Kathyln’s parents probably thought being at the Wall was much safer and at least gave their restless daughter something to do.
Finally, I turned to Tess, who was already hugging and saying goodbyes with Sylvie. The two had always been close and the scene in front of me felt more like sisters saying goodbye.
When it was my turn, I gave Tess a long hug as well. “I heard you’re going to be with my sister and mother. I’ll leave them to you.”
“Don’t worry, I won’t let anything happen to them,” she muttered, before pulling out the leaf pendant she had under her shirt. “Just remember to keep your promise.”
“I’ll do my best,” I answered, pulling out my own pendant. We stared at each other silently for a moment before I pulled my gaze away. I couldn’t keep the image of my father’s corpse out of my head while looking at Tess.
I was the one going into battle, but somehow I was still afraid for Tess. I knew it was childish and irresponsible to think this, but the thought of her being carried over to me in the same state as my father and being unable to do anything despite all of the power I had made me want to run away—not just with her but with Ellie and my mother.
A firm squeeze on my arms pulled me out of my thoughts. In front of me was Tess with the same smile she had last night, long after I had broken down in the kitchen. It was a smile that carried both loss and hope and it was just enough to give me the strength to step through the teleportation gate.
“I’ll see you soon. All of you,” I declared before stepping through with Sylvie by my side.
After the unsettling sensation of teleportation wore off, the two of us stepped down the raised podium that held the gate. Heavily armored soldiers stood on either side of us, heads inclined in a bow.
“General Arthur, and Lady Sylvie. General Bairon is waiting for you in the castle,” the soldier to my left announced.
“Will you be guiding us?” I asked.
“Actually, that’ll be me,” a familiar deep voice resounded from below.
It was Curtis Glayder. Despite all of the events that had transpired, the years had treated him well. His clean shaven face and sharp military crew cut made Curtis the dashing white knight he always aspired to be, with polished armor and swords strapped on both sides of his hips.

Behind him was Grawder, his world lion bond.
“Curtis,” I greeted.
“I thought you’d prefer a familiar face since you’ve never really been around these parts,” he said with a picturesque smile. “And even if you have been here, so much has changed that I doubt you’d even recognize it.”
“I’ve never actually been here, but you’re right in that this place doesn’t really seem like a city,” I noted, taking in the strange sights.
Aside from the shops that had been converted into workstations for professional blacksmiths and atillators, the city plaza before us was also filled with tents. Inside were women, the elderly and even children helping out by either washing and folding cloth, tying arrowheads to wooden shafts, or packaging rations. No one was idle, with everyone either making something or transporting it.
Soldiers practiced marching in their platoons with their respective officers barking commands. Off to the side were two archery ranges that spanned over thirty yards each. There, archers stood positioned almost shoulder to shoulder, launching volleys of arrows at the wall fashioned out of haystacks.
“A lot to take in, right?” Curtis asked as he guided us towards the large brick tower that stood in the distance. “The entire city has been sort of rearranged to be the stronghold and production center for the battle that’s going to happen on the coast.
We followed behind the prince, not staying in one place for too long since we’d just draw attention.
I appreciated the brief tour though, and Curtis’ lively commentary helped both Sylvie and I relax. Aside from the soldiers doing physical training and combat drills, the mood was light and overall happy.
“I was expecting a very serious and intense atmosphere,” my bond chimed, her head always turning and taking in the new sights.
“Well, we’re still a few miles away from the coast where the actual battle will be happening,” Curtis answered, pointing to the thick walls that seemed newly made. “We’re mainly fortifying the western edge of the city with the help of carpenters and earth mages and digging up some tunnels for the civilians that are left here to escape.”
As we got closer to the edge of the city, the more soldiers we would see. Carriages would be pulled towards the gated entrance facing the coast, carrying weapons and other supplies.
“Come on, up this way.” Curtis pointed at the imposing castle that had been stripped down and refortified into its own fortress. Some parts were still being constructed as slabs of earth were being floated up by mages. The castle was situated on a small hill that overlooked the rest of the city, with only one tower that peaked above the large walls that easily towered over fifty feet.
“You said General Bairon was waiting for me, right? Any idea where General Varay might be?” I asked, looking up at the tower.
“She’s still helping out with the construction off the coast,” Curtis explained briefly, greeting the soldiers guarding the tower entrance.
Sylvie and I looked at each other, confused. “Construction?”
Curtis shot me a grin. “You’ll see when you get up there. Come on.”
Thankfully, there was a mana-powered crate and pulley system that was able to hoist us up to the top in just a few minutes.
“Courtesy of Artificer Gideon, who should be somewhere in this city, working the other artificers and carpenters to their bones,” Curtis explained. “The main room is just up those stairs but there’s a window on this floor as well. You should take a look.”
Curious, Sylvie and I walked towards the far end of the circular room that only had a lounge-like area with another soldier guarding the base of the stairs.
The two of us peered out, and at first we didn’t know exactly what we were supposed to be looking at. My eyes scanned the small mountains that made up most of the area north of Etistin and went further south until my gaze landed on the Etistin bay shore.
Without a doubt, that was what Curtis wanted us to see.
Sylvie let out a small gasp as my jaw dropped.
Filling up over half of the entire Etistin bay that stretched out longer than a mile was nothing but a field of white.
An expanse of ice and snow had been created to meet the approaching ships.
“Amazing, isn’t it? This is what General Varay has been working on.” Curtis leaned forward next to us. “The largest battle of Dicathen will be held on this glacial field.”





Chapter 230
Chapter 230: Resounding Horns
Sylvie and I remained entranced by the snowy white field that extended from the shore out into the ocean. It was amazing to see the conjuration of such a vast phenomenon made from one person. Surely, General Varay would be exhausted by now until she could recover her mana, but the job had been well done.
Aside from the aesthetics provided, I was curious as to the sort of strategy Virion and the rest of the Council had to utilize this ice field. I was given minimal information on the specific formations, deployment and maneuvering of troops and the actual line formation that we’d be using to face the approaching Alacryan army.
“Ready to go up, General?” Curtis’s voice rang from behind.
I pried my eyes away, turning to the single set of stairs leading to the floor above. Sylvie was right behind me and despite appearing even younger than my sister in her human form, I could sense the excitement of battle leaking from her.
Climbing up the stairs and entering what I assumed was the strategic hub for the battle here, I was surprised at how... efficient everything was.
‘Efficient’ might not have been the best word, but the activities going on inside the room reminded me of the strategy rooms during my time as Grey back on Earth.
There were rows of desks with people sitting in front of large piles of transmission scrolls instead of computers. They were all faced towards the center of the circular room with a view of General Barion, standing on an elevated podium that was looking over a large earthen table with an uneven surface and a large glass orb perched on top of an intricate artifact. Surrounding this artifact were over twelve mages on standby.
While I was curious about the purpose of the clear orb, it only took me a second to realize that the earthen table, with a dwarven mage hovering his hands over it, was a rough depiction of the soon-to-be battlefield.
General Bairon Wykes, older brother of Lucas Wykes, was currently discussing something about the march before he finally turned to look at me.
His expression was controlled but the slight twitch in his eyebrows told me that he hadn’t exactly forgotten what I had done to his brother. Still, compared to how he acted when we had me for the first time, his impulse control had gotten a lot better.
“General Bairon,” I greeted curtly, walking up to the earthen war table.
“General Leywin,” he replied, not bothering to step down from the podium he was standing on.
I studied the layout of the war table, noticing the small earthen figures that most likely represented the troops.
“I’m assuming this information isn’t real-time, right?” I asked.
“No it isn’t, General Arthur,” the dwarf answered respectfully. “I’m only able to roughly gauge and track the progress from the reports through the transmission scrolls sent in by the captains.”
“And what is this giant orb?” I asked, looking at Bairon this time.
“It’s an artifact that can be better used as a medium for the diviners present,” he answered.
“How are the diviners getting information from the battlefield?”
“Those other mages you see beside the projection artifact are elite deviants capable of scrying by sharing senses with their bonded beasts. The diviners will be able to link the images from the scryers’ minds and project them into the orb for the strategic general of this battle to see,” Bairon replied, his eyes narrowing in suspicion.

“Don’t worry, I came here after declining your position. I’ll be joining the other lances on the battlefield,” I quipped, annoyed by the lance’s attitude.
“At least you had the brain to decline it. Tens of thousands of soldiers’ lives rest on the choices made in this room,” Bairon retorted. “If you can’t even keep your own family alive, how will you keep the soldiers out there from dying needlessly?”
I whipped my head back, rage flairing. “ What did you say?”
Bairon smiled smugly. “You heard me.”
“Both of you, stop,” my bond said, pulling on my sleeve. “And retract your mana.”
Looking around, I could see that the killing intent infused with mana that had leaked out were straining the people present in the room. Calming myself, I shot Bairon a glare and held up a hand. “Give me the debrief papers you got from the Council and we’ll be on our way.”
Bairon reluctantly handed me the folder. In it were dozens of pages highlighting relevant information along with several transmission scrolls.
Not wanting to stay in this room any longer than necessary, I made my way to the exit, stopping just short of the doorway leading to the stairs with Curtis and Sylvie beside me. “And General Bairon? If one of the requirements to have this role was to ‘keep your own family alive’, then I might just argue that you’re in no position to be up on that podium.”
I crossed the high city walls that marked the edge of Etistin perched on Sylvie’s back as I read through the notes outlining the various phases of this battle. The drumming of footsteps resounded below from the soldiers marching through the hills that led down to the Etistin Bay.
To make things even better for those struggling on their march, the gray clouds hung low, and the air was moist. It looked like the battle would be done under the rain.
Something’s not adding up, I said to myself, my eyes scouring over the estimated numbers of the Alacryan forces approaching.
‘What’s wrong?’ Sylvie replied, noticing my concern.
It’s just that... if I was the Alacryan general, there is no way I would initiate a full scale battle like this.
I could sense the confusion from my bond, so I elaborated what was on my mind.
From what we’d gathered, Alacrya had been preparing for this war for many years now, from smuggling spies like Headmaster Goodsky to poisoning and corrupting the mana beasts. They’d taken extreme and careful measures by colluding with the secretive dwarves and bridging gaps by installing teleportation gates deep within the dungeons of the Beast Glades.
This all happened under our noses while Dicathen barely knew that another continent even existed!
So to me, it seemed counterintuitive for them to abandon all of the strategic prowess that they’ve demonstrated and face us head on like this.
Based on the numbers, their forces were huge and any of the attacks we’d already tried had been easily blocked by their specialized defensive mages. However, they were still coming by ship—their resources were limited. The journey here must’ve already drained their food and water supply by a considerable amount. If we played a war of attrition, their forces would soon die of thirst or starvation.
Of course, one could argue that Alacrya’s strengths truly shined in large scale battle, since their specialized mages were much more of a well-oiled and cohesive military force compared to our soldiers. But still, we vastly outnumbered them even if it would take time to mobilize all of our forces.
Was I overthinking things? Perhaps the Alacryans just wanted to wrap this up. I knew that Agrona wanted to avoid an unnecessarily high death count on either sides for his goals against the asuras in Epheotus, so maybe he thought that obtaining victory in a formal battle like this would end the war cleanly?
‘Maybe you should’ve taken the strategic general position,’ Sylvie chimed after absorbing all of the thoughts I had practically vomited onto her.

No. Bairon is a dick, but he’s right. I don’t have a stable enough mindset to dictate the lives of the soldiers when I know that each of their deaths would be caused by the decisions I make.
I didn’t want to play chess using the lives of our soldiers as pawns when I already felt responsible for the death of my father.

“Focus, Arthur. We have a war to finish,” I said aloud, slapping my cheeks.
With General Bairon under the helm of leadership, I was now but a soldier assigned a mission. In a way, this was easier. My hands would get bloody instead of my soul.
Fly a bit lower, Sylv, I sent to my bond, closing the folder Bairon had given me.
Sylvie folded her wings and dived down so the endless line of soldiers no longer looked like faceless ants.
With a wave of my arms, I released a blast of fire, intertwining tendrils of lightning and blades of wind in a spectacular show of elements up into the sky.
Catching onto what I was doing, Sylvie raised her head and opened her large jaws to let out a deafening roar.
Hearing the whoops and shouts immediately from the troops below, I couldn’t help but smile.
‘That was a bit childish of us, no?’ my bond asked, chuckling a bit as well.
Not at all. Morale is one of the most overlooked but important aspects of large-scale battles, I replied as the two of us slowly approached the nearing ocean.
We made our way to Etistin Bay.
The first thing we noticed was the temperature. As we got closer to the conjured field of snow and ice, I felt a biting chill permeating through my skin.
Varay was truly on another level compared to the rest of the other lances. While I’d like to confidently say that I could beat Varay in a one-on-one battle, I couldn’t. While I had the advantage of being able to manipulate multiple elements and had Sylvia’s dragon will, they seemed like cheap parlor tricks in the face of the absolute power and control that Varay had.
Even if I managed to beat her, I’d be lucky if I only lost an arm or a leg. But having her as an ally was incredibly reassuring.
The two of us landed just on the threshold where the coastal beaches became ice—an odd sight to see. Here, it wasn’t only the temperature that had changed; the atmosphere from the infantry was tense and dark.
Even with the captains shouting and trying to boost morale, I could almost see the weight of death that they carried on their shoulders. With eyes drawn towards me, I remained impassive, but my stomach churned, seeing the soldiers lined up front. With the weight of their own armor making them slouch forward and their gazes that held no hardness trained soldiers would have, it was easy to tell that many of them were civilians that had been called to arms.
How many of these people staring at me would die, being the first to face the enemy lines? I tried not to dwell on it. I tried to bring back that detached, emotionless state I had relied so heavily on during my life as King Grey.
I ignored the teens, some even younger than me, staring at me as I stood beside the large black dragon that towered over them.
Sylvie and my presence did give many of the soldiers hope. I could hear whispers amongst each other of the good news that there were now two lances to fight by their side.

“General Arthur, welcome.” The frigid smooth voice cut through the steam, and the silhouette of an armor-clad woman could be seen with billowing hair just past her shoulders.
“General Varay,” I greeted with a genuine smile. The very presence of this lance seemed to shift the atmosphere. She carried herself lightly and elegantly like a gazelle but her gaze and poise spilled confidence.
She stretched out her hand, making it a point to show our composure and leisure in front of the quadrants of infantry troops. I accepted her gesture and Sylvie, who remained in her draconic form, lowered her head to let Varay gently touch her snout.
We walked together towards the back while the white-haired general explained the basic formations and maneuvering they had planned. Most of it I had already read about but it was another thing seeing the sheer size of the force that would be fighting on our side.
The first line consisted of armed warriors serving as the first point of contact against the enemies. They would charge and do as much damage until given the signal to retreat behind the second line, who were composed of trained soldiers—a mixture of both regular warriors and augmenters.
Finally making up the last of this first ‘wave’ was basically the barrier troops. These were the elite soldiers that were all augmenters, many of whom had elemental affinities.
“There will be a gap of about thirty paces where the conjurers will make up the next line along with another line of barrier troops to fall back on,” Varay explained, gesturing to the armored mages donning staves.
It was when we walked past the line of conjurers that I saw some familiar faces. One of which I wasn’t too fond of.
Captain Auddyr, standing tall behind his troops consisting of elite augmenters. The captain that I had met back near the town of Slore when I was deployed on my first mission was wearing a conspicuously extravagant set of armor. The two of us exchanged glances and the only greeting I was shown as a slight bow before he turned back to his troops.
The second familiar face was Madam Astera, the one and only head cook that I had sparred against in that very same mission. Appropriately, however, she was donned in armor and wore two longswords across her back with ease.
Looking closer at her soldiers, I was able to make out a few of them underneath all of their armor as well. The girl that I remember as Nyphia and the bully of a soldier named Herrick, both of whom tried to best me in a duel but failed.
There was a small sense of pleasure that I got from seeing their awestruck faces when our eyes met. Madam Astera, on the other hand, shot me a grin and mouthed the words, ‘looking good’ at me.
I shot Nyphia and Herrick a playful wink, eliciting a blush from one and a visible shrinking of shoulders from the other, before moving on.
We climbed the stone stairs that followed the steep incline of the terrain just east of Etistin Bay.
This was another strategic advantage that our side held. The ascending elevation gave our archers and conjurers, that were able to cast at longer ranges, a field advantage without having to waste time and resources building platforms for them to shoot from. Walls for defense had been made by earth mages, and many of the archers were stringing their bows.
We reached the top of the hill just in time for me to feel the first raindrop on my cheek. It only took a few seconds before a heavy downpour ensued. Sylvie was about to lift up a wing to shield us from the rain, but I stopped her.
We’re all soldiers here. We’ll all fight under the rain together anyway, I said, my eyes focusing on the field of ice. Rain and fog impeded our vision, and the sound of our soldiers still marching towards the shore could be heard amidst heavy thrumming of rain.
“We will stay behind for the first wave. Scryers will have eyes on the field and General Bairon will relay information on the enemy forces for us soon after,” General Varay said beside me. “There are additional forces that are on their way, some of whom are silver-core mages.”
And so, we waited. I could feel the tension building and more than once I could hear a captain peptalking their troops.
‘The wait is more agonizing than I imagined,’ my bond sent, her bright hazel eyes trying to catch a glimpse of anything within the fog above the icefield.
I nodded, barely restraining myself from flying over and breaking hell by myself. During this time, more and more troops arrived. Some were sent to either side of the bay in order to flank, while others remained back as reserve forces.
It felt like hours had passed, all of us standing in the rain with white knuckles gripping our weapons.
Finally the horn rang.
I could see our men stiffen as the deep brassy note told them the enemies had landed.
The second horn rang, and it was then that tense air dissipated followed by the mana-enforced roar of General Varay.
“Charge!”





Chapter 231
Chapter 231: Following Orders
The quiet yet palpable tension had dissipated, replaced by the guttural roars of our soldiers and the rumble of the earth as they charged forth with fervor.
Even with all of my knowledge and experience in the battlefield, both in this life and the previous, my heart still quivered in excitement.
Sylvie felt it, and she was in a similar state as well. The rush of adrenaline leaking from her mixed alongside my own barely-contained anticipation as we gazed down at the approaching enemy forces.
We leaned forward, watching expectantly as our forces collided with theirs. Our front line was an organized wave of soldiers with allies ready to back them up and provide cover, but it was different on their side.
At first, it was hard to notice. The mist that had shrouded the battlefield obscured everyone from looking at fine details.
Even the scrys behind us were barely able to give us any news or readings aside from the fact that our enemy troops all wore little to no armor of various colors.
Despite knowing what was happening below, I couldn’t make out the clashes of metal and screams of soldiers from a distance. It was different. During battles on a scale this large, sounds weren’t as distinct. They sort of blended in together in such volume that tremors could be felt all the way up here.
Can you tell what’s going on? I asked Sylvie.
My bond responded by shaking her head.
I turned to Varay. “Maybe we should get rid of the mist, General. I can’t tell what’s going on down there.”
The white-haired ice mage refused. “We know what’s on their side. We have to keep them from knowing what’s on our side. Deviating from the plan at this stage is impossible. Wait for Bairon and the Council’s orders.”
I was irritated but held my tongue. She was right—and more than that, it wasn’t my place to make suggestions like this. I was the one that refused the position because I couldn’t handle the responsibility. Who was I to come here now and do as I please just because I felt uneasy?
Choosing to trust Varay, Bairon, and the Council that were still receiving information realtime, I watched, waiting for my time to come.
Flashes of light followed by a wave of cries and screams soon caught my attention.
It looks like the Alacryans have already sent in their mages, I conveyed to my bond.
It was a little disconcerting that they’d deploy their mages so early on in the battle. However, I remembered what Agrona said about how Alacrya had so many more mages due to experiments that he had performed since generations before.
‘Their mages seem to be spread out inconsistently, though,’ Sylvie pointed out.
She was right. There were areas on the field where flashes of magic were close together or clustered, while in other areas, there would be spells going off several dozens of yards away from one another.
Again, a sense of unease filled me, but I remained quiet, My eyes scanned across the battlefield through the shroud of steam emanating from the icy ground, trying to find any signs of a retainer or scythe.
Suddenly, shadows stretched above me. Looking up, I saw a fleet of mages riding on various winged mounts.

“The aerial fleets are here,” Varay announced as the dozen or so mages sailed overhead and into the battlefield.
There would be three main forces against the Alacryans during this battle. First were the infantry, responsible for making first contact and keeping a constant pressure forward, away from the Etistin Bay. Next were the aerial forces responsible for creating disarray to the Alacryan’s backline by dropping spells on them from above. Finally, there was us, the lances.
The aerial forces lit up the foggy backdrop with their spells. One of them rained down motes of fire on the Alacryans while another utilized the mist itself and formed the water droplets into sharp icicles.
The cries and screams that were so jarring at first were beginning to blend in with the other background noises of battle. Seeing Varay’s gaze as she studied the battlefield intently, I could almost see the burdens of their deaths weighing down on her shoulders.
The battle continued for more than an hour before I finally lost it.
“General Varay. Let me go down there too,” I requested.
“No. It’s too soon,” she replied, still gazing down at the battlefield. “Wait until after the other infantry divisions flank from both sides. That’s when you’ll go down.”
I was itching to go down there, to feel useful. After the recent battles and losses, I needed a win.
‘It’s okay. We’ll have our time to contribute, Arthur,’ Sylvie comforted. ‘Besides, it looks like the tide of battle is in our favor.’
This was true. I had to admit that for how little experience our side had with large-scale battles, we were holding up fairly well. I could make out the vague outlines of formations from where we were standing. With three lines that interchanged positions constantly to give each other a break, our forces were able to maintain their intensity.
Varay turned her piercing gaze to me. “You’ll go in and target only their powerful mages. You will only be in the field for an hour at a time.”
I nodded in understanding. Varay and I were the only white core mages on this side. I couldn’t be too tired in case a retainer or scythe—perhaps both—showed up. That was our most important duty.
“Get ready,” Varay instructed.
I hopped on top of Sylvie’s back, cladding myself in mana.
Another horn trumpeted out in the distance, followed by another one on the other side of the bay.
“Go!” Varay ordered. “And don’t die.”
I thought she was joking, but her severe expression said otherwise. Giving her a stern nod, Sylvie beat her powerful wings, sending gusts of wind below us.
The two of us stayed low, barely hovering over the next line of soldiers charging forward until the ground changed to snow.
Fight in human form and focus on helping our troops. I’ll handle picking off the Alacryan mages, I sent to my bond as I jumped off her back.
‘Got it. I don’t sense any retainers or scythes, but be careful, Arthur. Always be careful,’ she replied before flying off to the side in her human form.
I landed hard on the icy ground, spurring a cloud of frost. Behind me, I could hear the thunder of armored boots as our augmenter troops charged forward into battle.
Ahead, I could already see our first wave of troops trying to withdraw. Much of the white field was covered in blood and corpses and only more would come as the battle progressed.

Withdrawing and imbuing Dawn’s Ballad in pale blue fire, I held my sword aloft for those behind me to see.
“For Dicathen!” I roared, charging forward alongside the line of battle mages clad in armor and mana.
Our strides kicked up more snow, obscuring our field of vision. Perhaps it was a good thing, since I wouldn’t be distracted by the sight of my allies dying in the distance.

On the other side were the Alacryans. Many of them were already bloody and sweaty from the wave before. It was odd seeing some soldiers clustered together while others were off by themselves.
There were no front lines, no division of forces to utilize their specialized magic like I had expected.
Casting aside my worries and doubts, I continued leading the charge with fervor, reinforcing confidence and morale into my comrades by cladding myself in lightning and fire.
The charge forward may have been an awe-inspiring sight, but the the clash was dreadful. I felt it just as much as I heard it.
Metal shrieked and rang while men screamed in pain. The faint hum of magic was always present as both sides took damage from one another.
The carefully formulated line consisting of augmenters quickly digressed into chaos amidst the snowy field. My first opponent fell instantaneously as he had approached, with a single slash from my sword.
The following enemy soldiers fell just as quickly under my attacks, but it wasn’t just me. The division of mages that had charged alongside me swiftly mowed down the average soldiers, a few only getting injured by the occasional lone mage that struck them by surprise.
I felt uneasy once more, but I pushed the feelings aside. Hesitation was useless in a battle like this. With Dawn’s Ballad in one hand and a spell always ready in the other, I left a trail of Alacryan corpses with every unabated step.
The first enemy mage that I found was by himself, surrounded by Dicathen soldiers on the ground. His shoulders were hunched forward and his entire body was terribly thin with a sickly pale tone. His hands were clad in tendrils of lightning.
Our eyes locked, and he peered into me like a starving wolf—desperate and deranged.
I abandoned my curiousness and rushed forward. He was an enemy I needed to kill. The more of them I killed, the more allies I saved.
I swung my free hand, conjuring a blade of ice clad in lightning. With the addition of wind manipulation, the crescent cut through the enemy mage’s torso before he even had a chance to strike me with his lightning whips.
Without batting an eye, I moved on to my next enemy. I tried to focus amidst the chaos of battle, tuning out the cries for help from allies and the high-pitched ring of metal on metal as weapons clashed. It was hard to ignore as enemy weapons cut through the flesh of our soldiers. Stains of pink from snow-mixed blood could be seen more often than white itself, and in some desperate places, the ground had turned into dark crimson.
Severed arms still clutching onto weapons, chopped off legs, and split-open heads littered the battlefield as I ran around, targeting the flashes of magic that appeared in the distance.
Had it not been for my previous life experiences, and the adrenaline coursing through my veins, I would’ve knelt down and retched on more than one occasion.
About an hour had passed, Sylvie and I regrouped and headed back to the camps where Varay waited.
I could feel the grief and horror emanating from my bond, and my state of mind wasn’t any better. The two of us were welcomed into the camps by soldiers applauding and cheering, but it only made it worse. Most of the same soldiers were injured, many unconscious.
I couldn’t help but think that, out of these dozens of soldiers, how many of their missing limbs had I run across out in this battlefield?

Medics ran around carrying supplies while the few emitters available in this particular camp were on the verge of backlash from overusing their mana. But despite all of the activity and noise around us, I felt like I was watching everything through a thick foggy lens.
“Good work,” Varay said, patting me on the back.
I mustered a nod before taking a seat below a tree on the far edge of the camp. Sylvie sat beside me and the two of us silently gathered ourselves.
I wasn’t tired. My mana reserves weren’t drained despite the near fifty mages I had killed in that hour. But my body still felt heavy. It wasn’t like fighting against the beast horde. These soldiers that I had killed were people—people that had families.
Despite my brain screaming at me to not think about this, it was hard not to. The only small consolation I had was that I was just following my orders. It was that small difference that differentiated a soldier from a killer.
I was just following orders.
The day stretched on with the end of the battle nowhere in sight. During this time, more and more of our troops had arrived as support.
Large formations of soldiers stood ready to charge at a notice down below near the shore. The campsites had become more and more packed with injured soldiers who were being patched up and carried away in carriages back to Etistin.
During this time, Sylvie and I had gone down to the battlefield four times and we were getting ready for our fifth run.
“Are you okay, Arthur?” my bond asked, gripping my arm gently.
“I’m hungry but feel nauseous just thinking about food,” I replied quietly. “Let’s get this over with.”
Sylvie nodded. “We’re doing a good thing though. We’ve saved hundreds, if not thousands of allies by taking down those mages.”
“I know, but it’s just... nothing,” I sighed.
Reading my thoughts, she said aloud, “Are you still thinking something is off about them?”
“I do. I tried not to think about it because we’re winning, but it’s still on my mind. I haven’t studied the Alacryans indepthly or anything like that... but this—them,” I said, gesturing out to the field. “They’re not the organized troops that Agrona had created. Not in a way that I had imagined them, at least.”
“Maybe the troops that we’ve fought against before were elites,” Sylvie replied.
“Maybe you’re right,” I sighed.
Maybe I really had overestimated Agrona and the Alacryans. Despite all of the planning that they’d done over the years, the enemies were still trying to invade an entire continent. It’s only normal for us to have this much of an advantage.
That was when I overheard one of the injured soldiers talking.
I whipped around and ran to the legless soldier lying on a table with a medic wrapping new gauze around his injuries.
“What did you say?” I asked, terrifying the man.
“G-G-General! My apologies. I shouldn’t have said something so outrageous like that!” he exclaimed, eyes wide with fear.
“No. I just want to know what you said just now. Something about ‘freed’?”
“I-I just said that I felt a little... bad for them,” he answered, his voice dropping to a whisper. “One of the Alacryans, just before I killed him, begged me not to kill him. He said something about being granted freedom if he lives.”
“They would be granted freedom?” Sylvie echoed, turning to me with an expression of concern. “Do they enslave their soldiers?”
Thoughts accelerated in my head as I processed and connected everything: how untrained the soldiers seemed, how spread apart their specialized mages were, the disunity amongst their troops that made them seem more like they were fighting a free-for-all, and even the lack of uniform and armor that helped them tell each other apart from their enemies.
“They’re not soldiers,” I muttered, looking at Sylvie. “Those are just their prisoners.”
Sylvie’s eyes widened in realization before asking the question that really mattered. “So then, where are their actual soldiers?”





Chapter 232
Chapter 232: Tainted Blood
ALDUIN ERALITH
I watched as Merial gently stroked our daughter’s hair, tucking in loose strands behind her ear while she slept soundly. Pale columns of moonlight enveloped the two of them, casting a serene atmosphere inside the quiet room.
How long has it been since we were last together like this? I thought.
Too long to remember. We’d spent the better half of the night talking, like a real family, until Tessia finally fell asleep.
She had grown so big, so beautifully. She was the spitting image of her mother, yet she had my stubbornness. And hearing her talk—hearing her really talk—about how she was doing and what her plans were for the future... it was what I needed.
It reaffirmed my decision.
I made my way towards the door, taking one last look at my two girls. Merial looked up at me, giving me a determined gaze. Her eyes were lined with tears and her flushed cheeks could be seen even in this dimly-lit room. She was gently holding Tessia’s hand as she gave me a nod.
Nodding back with a hardened expression, I stepped outside the room. I’d been in the Castle for several years now, but never before had it felt so large and barren. The sconces lighting up the hallway flickered wildly as I passed, almost like they knew and were rebuking me.
I only made it a few steps before I relented under the pressure weighing down on me. I leaned back against the wall for support as the tension grew in me, spreading through my face and limbs like a wildfire. The wave of panic didn’t stop there—it merely came in erratic pulses, driving me mad as my mind imagined the consequences of what I was about to do.
My breath came in stuttered gasps and my heart hammered so fiercely against my chest that I feared my ribs would crack. The empty corridors tottered and spun with every little movement I made, rendering me to the floor. I buried my face in my knees, clutching at my hair with trembling hands as I thought back to the words spoken to me last night.
It was Arthur’s bond in her human form.
Her demeanor was casual yet refined as she approached me.
“What is it now?” I snarled, taking an involuntary step back. I knew exactly who it was. It was obvious just by the way she carried herself and the expression on her face that it wasn’t actually Arthur’s bond—it was Agrona.
“How very curt of you, King Alduin,” she, or rather, he, replied. “I thought we were closer than that.”
“Close? I did what you asked, but my daughter still almost died out there on the field! If it wasn’t for General Aya—”
“If my soldiers purposely avoided her like some sort of plague, your daughter wouldn’t be merely bruised by her own inadequacy,” he interrupted, expressionless. “She’d be suspicious, and that isn’t something you want.”
I grit my teeth in frustration. “Why are you here? I’ve done what you’ve asked. I smuggled in your men so that they could kill our prisoners.”

“I’ve come for a different matter, King Alduin,” he said. It frustrated me more than anything else how relaxed he was. “Currently, our sides are engaged on the western shore. For you—for your people—that means you’ve abandoned your kingdom.”
The emotional side of me wanted to lash out at him. How dare he come in here and talk as if he had nothing to do with it, but years as a political figure had trained me to keep silent and mask my expression.
“I wanted to hear from you,” he continued without missing a beat. “Where does your loyalty lie?”
“What do you mean? Letting you kill prisoners that have no use is one matter, but if you’re suggesting even the remote possibility that I betray my people—”
“Not ‘betray your people.’ You already did that,” he cut in. “I’m asking if your loyalty lies with all of Dicathen, from the barren deserts of the Darv all the way to the outskirts of Sapin—whose men capture and sell your people as slaves even today, or your kingdom.”
I didn’t answer. And that moment of hesitation was all he needed to know—that I could be wavered.
“I will cease the attacks on all of your elven territory. As long as they do not attack any Alacryans, your people will be guaranteed safety along with you, your wife, and your troubled child.”
Our eyes remained locked as he waited for my answer.
“What do you want?” I finally asked.
“Similar to last time, I need you to grant a few of my men access into the Castle as well as Xyrus City.”
After staring blankly for a moment, I laughed. I laughed at an asura that was capable of potentially wiping away my existence with a flick of his finger.
But Agrona remained calm. He let me laugh and ridicule the very idea until my office was silent.
Suddenly, he snapped his fingers as if he just remembered something. “I forgot you always need that little extra push, King Alduin. How about this, then. Your daughter will die if you don’t. Not only will she die, she’ll also most likely kill quite a few people around her in the process.”
“W-What?”
Agrona tapped his sternum. “You know those corrupted beasts that has caused so many problems for you? Well, just like them, your daughter’s core is also poisoned.”
Anger flared up inside and I grabbed Agrona by the collar. “What did you do to her?”
He laughed jarringly in the body of Arthur’s bond. “I didn’t do anything. Ironic as it is, you can blame your daughter’s boyfriend for this.”
It took me a moment to realize what he meant. It was the beast will of the elderwood beast. The S class beast that my daughter had assimilated with.
My hands lost strength and I released Agrona before falling back onto my chair.

“I’d give you a demonstration, but that might put a little hiccup to our little plan. Besides, I think you know by now that I don’t lie.”
I shook my head, trying to force the memories out of my head before continuing forward.

I stopped in front of another room on the same floor. It was the room that was currently occupied by Arthur’s mother and sister. A mixture of emotions rose in me as I stared at the closed door. I felt bad for them, I really did. The whole Leywin family served by helping the Wall against the beast horde. What happened to Arthur’s father was truly unfortunate, and I pushed adamantly for Trodius Flamesworth’s imprisonment for his actions.
However, I couldn’t help but still blame the young lance. All of these years, I had thought that meeting Arthur and being able to have close relations with him through my father and my daughter was a blessing. He was both a genius intellectually and in magical prowess, on a level that couldn’t be measured. On top of that, he had a bond with an asura—an actual deity.
Yet, if it wasn’t for Arthur—if he hadn’t given Tessia that core...
I rubbed my temples, letting out a sigh while continuing forward. There was no point in regretting now.
My steps grew heavier the closer I got to the teleportation room. As if my boots were made of lead, I found myself stopping often. I looked back over my shoulders every few steps, guilt and fear dragging me down.
The usual soldiers that stood guard on either side of the gate were absent as planned. It wasn’t hard to do since the gate was shut off for security purposes soon after the lances in the castle were all sent to Etistin.
Exerting mana throughout my body, I heaved open the thick iron doors. Taking one last look around in case anyone was nearby, I closed the doors behind me.
The circular room appeared a lot larger now that it had been emptied, with the only real feature being a podium that held the control dock and an ancient stone arc riddled with runes that were incomprehensible even to this day.
Without wasting any more time, I stepped onto the podium. My hands trembled as I raised them over the control panel, and for another second, I hesitated. What I did now would change the entire course of this war, but for me, there was no other choice but this.
Shutting my eyes, I pushed down on the panel. Immediately, I felt mana being sucked out of me, but I held firm until the runes began glowing.
A pristine golden hue emanated out of the mysterious carvings before a multi-colored light enveloped the inside of the arc to form the portal. The once quiet room was filled with a deep hum as the ancient relic came to life.
Minutes passed as I stood, waiting for someone to arrive.
“Where is he !” I whispered, running a trembling hand through my hair as I paced back and forth within the room.
I continued cursing under my breath, doing anything to keep myself from thinking. I couldn’t think. If I did, I would only doubt myself even more.
No. I’m doing the right thing. For once, I’m doing what’s in the best interest of my people— my people. Agrona wasn’t wrong; humans had been capturing both elves and dwarves for centuries. I had almost lost my own daughter to them. It didn’t matter if Agrona won the war—it might even be better if he did!
I shook my head. No. No. Agrona was still a demon, I can’t forget that.

But the humans had always had the upper hand. With my father taking the helm of leadership during this war, I thought that would’ve changed, but it hadn’t. In fact, my father was the one who had abandoned Elenoir in favor of the human kingdom.
I would be the one to save it. With my actions now, I would keep my people safe.
Looking down at my hands, I noticed that they were still trembling. Was I just lying to myself? Was I just trying to justify what I was about to do?
It didn’t matter. At the very least, I needed to save Tessia. What kind of father would I be if I couldn’t keep my only daughter safe?
Again, rage bubbled inside as I realized how my emotions have been toyed with by Agrona’s words. He was right; Tessia was that final push I needed.
A deep thrum snapped my attention towards the teleportation gate. They’re here!
Within the multi-colored glow of the gate, a silhouette slowly came into view, focusing until an actual figure stepped through and arrived inside the circular room.
“Are you the elf called Alduin?” the man spook in a deep booming voice as two scarlet eyes peered down at me. Intimidating as they were, his eyes were almost pleasant compared to the two serrated horns casting a menacing shine.
I straightened myself, trying to appear as tall as I could in front of this seven-foot giant that was twice my width at the shoulders. “Yes.”
He held up a glass vial filled with a murky green liquid.
Even without him saying, I knew exactly what it was. I stepped forward and made a grab for it, but stopped short when a smokey black flame erupted from him.
I reeled back in fright before anger set in. “That’s mine! Agrona and I had—”
His hand a blur, I found it closed around my neck. His grip became tighter and tighter, severing my breath as he lifted me off the ground. “ Lord Agrona has shown mercy by lowering himself to communicate with a lesser like you.”
My body fought back instinctively. Mana circled my body and into my hands as I tried to pry open his grip, but I couldn’t focus as my consciousness faded.
Dark spots splashed across my blurring vision when he finally let go. Immediately, my body buckled forward as I heaved what little food I had consumed this morning.
“This Commander Virion of yours does not suspect anything, correct?”
I quickly nodded my head. “I told everyone that I’d be in charge of leading the evacuation of Elenoir.”
“Then bring your blood to this room and exit through this portal,” he stated. “I will have left the vial here by the time you return.”
“M-My blood?”
“What your people call ‘family’,” he said impatiently. “Also, bring Arthur Leywin’s mother and sister along with you.”
I stood up. “What? Why?”
His sharp gaze was all that was needed to drive home his point—that this wasn’t a negotiation.
“Okay,” I breathed, turning to leave. I pushed open the doors slightly, once more before taking a weary glance back at what could only be a retainer or even a scythe.
I had brought a demon into the very home of this continent’s leaders. Prying my eyes away from his looming figure, I stepped out of the teleportation room. “I’m sorry, Father.”





Chapter 233
Chapter 233: Treason
ARTHUR LEYWIN
“We have our orders here, Lance Arthur,” Varay stated with an icy glare. “We are to continue engaging against the Alacryan troops.”
I gnashed my teeth in frustration. “General Varay, even you’ve noticed by now that the enemies we’re fighting against aren’t the Alacryan’s main force. They’re disorganized, desperate, and a lot of them are even malnourished and downright ill!”
Varay stood firm, masking her emotions. “Are you forgetting that we are soldiers? It’s not up to us to decide what we do with this information. I’ve already sent an update to General Bairon and the Council. We will act according to their orders, but for now we will continue to do as we are told.”
“Then let me and my bond go back to Etistin—no, the Castle. I’ll talk to Commander Virion and come up with a—”
“Wasn’t the whole reason you’re out here because you didn’t want these responsibilities?” the general cut me off. “You wanted to be a soldier because you didn’t want to carry the burden of making decisions.”
My mouth opened, but no sound came out. She was right. I was the one that chose to be here, to fight mindlessly and not have the weight of other people’s lives in my hands.
With my neck tense and jaws clenched, I gave General Varay a stiff bow before turning to walk away.
My thoughts wandered until I found myself back to the isolated area where I had set up camp. There, I spotted Sylvie replenishing her mana. She peeked open an eye, sensing I was near. “How did it go?”
“Nothing’s changed,” I grumbled, sitting down on a large rock next to her. “We’ll continue fighting them.”
“Well, prisoners or not, we still can’t let them advance,” Sylvie said with wave of empathy.
“But this”—I gestured to the thousands upon thousands of soldiers below, resting, and the thousands more out in the field, fighting—“is overkill. We have way more troops than necessary if all we’re up against are a horde of uncoordinated and desperate prisoners.”
“True,” Sylvie agreed. She got up, and stretched her human limbs before shooting me a glance. “So. What are we waiting for, then?”
I raised a brow. “What?”

“Please, Arthur. I could read your thoughts even without our link.” She rolled her eyes. “I know you’ve already decided to leave.”
Again, I found myself with an open mouth but with no words spilling out of them. Shaking my head, I gave my bond a smile and tousled her wheat-colored hair. “Then don’t say I didn’t warn you. We’re technically committing treason by disobeying orders and leaving during a battle.”
Sylvie’s body began glowing until her form shifted into that of a towering black dragon. “Meh. This isn’t the first time we’re committing treason, and it probably won’t be the last.”
“I raised you so well,” I chuckled, hopping onto my bond, my spirits lifted. I had lost a lot, but I still had those I dearly cherished.
We shot up into the sky, clearing the hills that stretched out from the Etistin Bay.
‘Did you want to stop by Etistin City before making our way to the castle?’ Sylvie asked.
There’s no point. Bairon isn’t the type to listen—especially to me—and the Castle severed all links to the other teleportation gates. The only way to get inside is by flying directly there, so we don’t have any time to lose.
I had almost expected General Varay to come after us, but after the first thirty minutes had passed, I knew we were in the clear. In the meantime, I nodded on and off, struggling to stay awake as the peaceful and quiet journey continued.
Scenes of my previous life began resurfacing like a vivid dream. Emotions that I had felt back then surfaced alongside the old memories.
I remembered the feelings of confusion I had towards Lady Vera when I heard her talking about the rigged matches to that man in the uniform. A part of me had been angry at her for not trusting that I’d be able to win the matches by my own strength.
Even as I had continued competing in the matches where my opponents withdrew immediately, I never confronted Lady Vera or asked any questions. Who was I to question my mentor’s decisions? She had practically given me a new life, training me to the extent where not only could I make up for my impaired ki center, I had the opportunity to become king.
While my pride had been hurt that Lady Vera hadn’t trusted in my abilities enough to let me fight squarely, I had accepted the hollow victories until the day of the final rounds. I, along with every other contestant that had won their state’s tournament, had traveled all the way to the capital of our country, Etharia, for the chance to become the next king.
There was no consistent schedule for when the King’s Crown competition would be held, though. It was purely at the discretion of the Council, who would come to a vote when they thought the current king wasn’t performing to their expectations. Some frequent reasons may be when the reigning king lost a Paragon Duel against another country, incurred a debilitating injury, of if he or she was simply getting too old.
Our current king had lost an arm from the last Paragon Duel, which incited the current King’s Crown competition. The victor would gain the opportunity to fight the current king, and if the challenger won, he or she would become the next king. If the king won, he would remain in his position until the winner of the next King’s Crown would challenge him. It was a vicious cycle that the Council would put a king through if they deemed him unfit.
Memories of Lady Vera and the group of trainers and doctors responsible for keeping me in top condition for the duration of this tournament flashed in my mind. I remembered all of us pushing through the crowds of spectators as everyone tried to make their way into the stadium. Once we had arrived at our assigned waiting area, I could feel the difference in atmosphere.
I vividly remembered the palpable tension in our waiting area as some contestants stretched or warmed up while others meditated their ki centers. The lingering pressure in the room had stemmed from the fact that, during the last stage of the King’s Crown, it was legal for contestants to deal lethal blows to their opponents.
All of the contestants, including myself, had known that they could die today. Lady Vera and the other trainers had done their best to keep me from thinking about that, keeping me focused through various exercises.

I still remembered all of the contestants I had fought against, both young and old, small and large, every fighter at the top of their class. Most importantly to me, none of them had been bribed by Lady Vera to forfeit the match.
I remembered trying to convince myself how great Lady Vera was. I had reasoned that she had purposely cleared the road of obstacles for me not because she didn’t trust in my abilities, but because she wanted me to be at my best for the final rounds.
If only I had known then, what that day would entail. I still thought to this day, what I would’ve done differently if I had gone back to the past on that very day, if I had known the truth about Lady Vera.

‘Arthur!’ Sylvie’s voice pierced through my head, snapping me awake, just moments before she jerked her body to dodge a giant arc of lightning. Another arc of lightning soon shot at us from below, piercing through the clouds.
By this time, both Sylvie and I knew who was responsible for this.
“Bairon!” I roared, amplifying my voice with mana as I jumped off of Sylvie. “What is the meaning of this?”
A figure rose from the layer of clouds below us, along with several soldiers mounted on giant armored birds.
“You disobey direct orders and run away from battle, then ask the meaning of what I’m doing?” Bairon boomed, his voice emanating mana as well. “While my orders remain verbal, I advise you to return to your post, Arthur.”
“Verbal?” It was Sylvie that replied, her husky voice laced with anger in her draconic form. “You fire spells capable of destroying buildings at a lance and an asura ?”
There was a moment of hesitation before Bairon answered. “We are at war, and your human bond has chosen to take orders rather than give them. I’m merely enforcing my duty to my subordinates .”
“Enough!” I snapped. “You’ve received the updates from General Varay as well. The enemy forces that we’re engaged with at the bay are all prisoners of Alacrya. We need to reorganize our troops and scout for the enemy’s main force before—”
“Those decisions are up to me and the Council to make,” Bairon interrupted, drawing in closer with his soldiers surrounding him. “You were the one that forfeited the burden of responsibility.”
I gritted my teeth, frustrated more at myself than at Bairon for all of this. It was true that I was the one to run away. Even now, I would hesitate to take a position of leadership, but I couldn’t just stand by while I watched as we played right into Agrona’s hand.
“Please stand aside. Don’t waste your energy on this and let us go to the Castle. I’ll get Commander Virion’s approval as soon as I arrive if that’s what you want,” I said, calming myself. “Let’s go, Sylv.”
The mounted soldiers fanned out, preparing their spells as Bairon floated, aiming a lightning-clad hand directly at us.
“I assure you that this one won’t miss, General Arthur. This is the last warning to get back to your post.”

“What is with you and your brother always resorting to violence?” I spat out, annoyed.
With a rage-filled roar, Bairon charged, his entire body engulfed in lightning.
Bringing up Lucas might not have been the smartest choice, but it was too obvious that this show of power had less to do with me leaving my post, and more to do with proving he was superior to me.
Cladding myself in mana as well, I utilized the moisture from the clouds below and conjured an arsenal of ice lances.
Sylvie unleashed a beam of pure mana from her maw directly at Bairon while I launched the ice-spears at the mounted soldiers.
The formation broke easily as Bairon’s soldiers swerved to avoid my spell. Bairon himself had to stop to defend against the wide cone of pure energy, giving us the brief window we were looking for.
Sylvie. Let’s go! I sent to my bond. I grabbed ahold of her leg as she flew past me and in a mere second, we flew past Bairon and his soldiers.
Just when I thought we would get away, Bairon launched his cape at us. It was a magic artifact, no doubt, because the cape soon dispersed into a large net composed of metal wires which he was able to control with his lightning.
Human form, now! I ordered.
My bond’s body shrunk to that of a little girl just as the net encompassed us.
Sylvie immediately formed a barrier of mana around us, but that gave the other soldiers enough time to regroup.
It was growing more and more frustrating trying to deal with them without actually hurting them.
‘Are we allowed to hurt them, yet?’ Sylvie asked impatiently while keeping the lightning net from closing in on us.
The mounted soldiers released their spells as well, and their combined power was enough to put cracks in my bond’s mana barrier.
I nodded. Just don’t kill them.
Sylvie responded by conjuring dozens of mana arrows outside of her barrier and launching them at the soldiers while I manipulated the clouds below us.
With a wave an arm, I withdrew Dawn’s Ballad and sliced through the lightning-charged metal net. With Bairon distracted by the mana arrows, his artifact didn’t stand a chance, and the two of us were free.
As Sylvie toyed with the soldiers by launching a never-ending assault of mana arrows at them, I conjured a little present for Bairon himself.
Fashioning a compressed sphere of wind in my hand, I combined it with fire and lightning, creating a swirling blue fireball the size of Sylvie in her dragon form that crackled with trails of electricity.
Bairon retracted his net and was already preparing to defend against my attack when an unusual glitter of light in the distance attracted my attention.
Everyone stopped what they were doing as we stared at the source of the red and black blaze miles away. We looked at one another in search of someone who knew what was going on, until a wave of shock and realization leaked onto me from my bond.
I turned to Sylvie to see her eyes wide in horror. She turned to me and spoke aloud for everyone to hear. “That’s... the Castle.”





Chapter 234
Chapter 234: Remembrance
“Seth, report back to General Varay. She’ll be in charge of the battle,” Bairon ordered, gesturing the soldier away.
He turned to me and we locked gazes for a second before he nodded, saying to me, “The rest of us will head straight to the Castle.”
I nodded back and Sylvie transformed back into her dragon form before we immediately took off.
Taking deep breaths, I tried to remain level-headed. Trusting that Elder Hester, Elder Buhnd, and Virion were enough to deal with whoever had intruded.
Those black and red flames billowing in the distance were an ominous sign that it was what I had feared—either a retainer or even a scythe. I steered my mind clear of the ‘what ifs’ by thinking up of a strategy upon entering. I tried not to think about my mom and sister, as well as Tess, who were supposed to be safe there.
‘It’ll be okay,’ Sylvie conveyed to me, but even she couldn’t keep her worry from leaking onto me.
I didn’t respond, and instead, manipulated the wind around us, lessening the air resistance pulling Sylvie back. Whatever I needed to do to get us there even a second faster.
I continued manipulating the wind, cycling mana through my body as well, preparing for battle as soon as possible. Taking a peek back, I could see Bairon and the other mounted soldiers slowly trailing behind, but we didn’t slow down.
Please, everyone, be okay, I prayed, until the Castle was almost upon us.
The barrier protecting the flying fortress from the sky had been destroyed, allowing the raging winds to fan the dark flames.
Sylvie easily blasted a hole in the closed loading dock and we landed inside. Thankfully, the layer of mana I had enveloped myself in kept the harmful smoke from entering my lungs. Still, there was a thick blanket of black all throughout the loading dock.
“Let’s go,” I said to Sylvie, who had turned back to her human form.
Taking no chances, I ignited the dragon will inside me. Under Realmheart, my vision became monochrome, highlighting the ambient mana around me. With my enhanced vision and unparalleled mana acuity, it would be impossible for any enemies to sneak up on us even under the heavy smoke and fierce winds shrieking through the openings of the damaged castle.
We spread out about five yards apart, our teamwork seamless through our bond, as we searched collapsed rooms and dark hallways of the lower floors.
We inched through the fractured floors, sidestepping any debris that had been either dislodged from the walls or fallen from the ceiling.
Crashes echoed from above and even around us while the howling winds filling in the gaps of silence made it almost impossible to find any sign of live battle that we could assist in. The only thing we could do was search the premise carefully, taking it a step at a time.
‘Over here,’ my bond conveyed from an adjacent room.
Inside, I could see Sylvie on the ground, hunched over what seemed to be a person partly buried underneath a mountain of rubble. My chest immediately clenched and a wave of panic rose from my stomach until Sylvie reassured me that it wasn’t anyone we knew.

By the fine garment interwoven through thin layers of chain-mail on the corpse’s body, along with the wand just a few feet away, it was easy to deduce that this unfortunate victim was one of the few guards left here.
I rubbed the bridge of my nose, embarrassed and frustrated at how fragile I was, mentally. After taking a moment to compose myself, I inspected the corpse. Through Realmheart, I was able to tell that the fallen mage had died by fire.
With a flick of a wrist, I blew the rubble away to get a closer look at the corpse.
“What the...” I muttered, lifting his clothes.
‘What is it?’
I continued searching but couldn’t find anything. “There aren’t any burn marks.”
“He died from fire?” she said aloud, surprised.
Hearing another crash in the distance, I got up. “Come on, let’s keep moving.”
The two of us continued down the hall, scouring every room in the lower floors, searching for anyone that might still be alive. All we had found were corpses, all burned to death with no apparent wounds to show for it.
‘I don’t understand. Perhaps it’s a fire that burns from the inside?’ Sylvie suggested.
It doesn’t matter at this point. All we need to know is that our opponent uses a fire that doesn’t actually burn the victims physically, I sent back, lifting a fallen wall in search of anyone that I might know.
With the stairs nearly unusable from the destruction, the two of us climbed the levels of the Castle through the various holes in the ceilings. Even with my Realmheart Physique able to spot nearly anything that normal eyes would miss, we were tense. Every corpse we came across, my chest squeezed in angst until we were able to verify it wasn’t anyone we knew.
After searching for several floors, Sylvie and I came across signs of a large battle. Intricate spears of stone jutted from the floor and walls while earthen golems lay scattered on the ground like petrified knights.
‘This...’
Yeah, I know, I interrupted, signalling for her to keep close.
Because of the mana coalesced into the rock spears and conjured soldiers, it took a while to finally find the source responsible for all of this.
I knelt down in front of the elderly dwarf, trying to find a pulse when he suddenly coughed.
“Elder Buhnd!” I exclaimed. I fashioned the ground beneath him into a chair, sitting him up so he didn’t choke on his own blood.
I turned to my bond. “Sylv!”
“On it.” My bond hunched down, laying her hands on my mentor’s chest. A soft light emitted from her palms, absorbing through the dwarf’s clothes and skin.
After ten painstaking minutes of life aether being transmitted into Elder Buhnd, we finally got another reaction.

“Elder Buhnd—hey, come on, stay with me,” I roused, patting his cheek as the dwarf furrowed his brows.
“Arth...ur?” His eyes opened but shut back after a few seconds.

“Yes! It’s Arthur. What happened? Who did this to you?”
He let out a pained groan. “You gotta... get out of here, kid.”
“Don’t spout heroic crap like that, Buhnd!” I snapped impatiently. “Tell me the situation. I need to know what we’re going up against.”
Buhnd, tugged on my mantle, pulling me close. “Listen. The Castle, the Council—it’s finished. If you want to do something for Dicathen, you do so by staying alive .”
“Okay, okay. I’ll be careful, but to do that, I need to know what happened. Was it a retainer? A scythe? What sort of magic was used to put you in this state?”
Feeling the strength in Buhnd’s hand loosening, I turned to my bond. “Sylvie, what’s happening? Why isn’t he getting better?”
Sylvie’s arms trembled as beads of sweat dripped down from her face. “I-I don’t know, but I can’t keep this up.”
I took a step back, inspecting the injured dwarf. Like all of the other corpses we had passed, his body was riddled with motes of red. The wisps of purple that had been emitted into his body by Sylvie were currently combating whatever fire spell that was eating away at his life, but the aether wasn’t healing him. No, it was keeping the spell under control, but the fire spell looked like cancer cells, multiplying and spreading fast.
Unable to hold in my frustration, I let out a guttural scream while smashing a stone spike that Buhnd had conjured. Kneeling back down in front of the dying dwarf, I grabbed his hand.
Once Sylvie stopped her healing magic, Buhnd would start dying again, and my bond knew that as well.
Buhnd put his large hand over mine, squeezing it gently. “I-It’s okay.”
Prying open his eyes once more as if it took every ounce of strength to do so, Buhnd turned his gaze to Sylvie. “Little Asura, can you keep this up for just another minute? I think that’ll be enough to tell you what you need to know.”
My bond nodded, her brows furrowed in concentration.
Ignoring the tears rolling down my cheeks, I pressed my forehead against Elder Buhnd’s forehead. “May you be at peace wherever you are.”
In this life and my previous one, the concept of religion had always eluded me. But as more of my loved ones died, whether that be Adam, my father, or Elder Buhnd, I found myself wishing that I was wrong; that there truly was an all-powerful god and an afterlife where everyone I knew would be at peace, waiting for the rest of us. At the very least, I hoped that they would meet a similar fate as me, reincarnated into a different world to live a new life. If that was the case, I hoped that they would be spared the memories of their past life.
“I’m sorry, Arthur,” my bond whispered, putting a hand on my back.
I shook my head. “It’s not your fault.”

After spending a few minutes conjuring an earthen tomb worthy of an individual such as Elder Buhndemog Lonuid, the two of us moved on.
My dwarven mentor had told me what little he knew about the opponent’s power—the opponent being an actual scythe. Apparently, he wielded a smokey black fire that corrupted whatever it came in contact with. It seemed like another deviant like the black metal spikes that Uto was able to conjure or the black poison that the witch was able to use.
Whether a good thing or not, Elder Hester and Kathyln had left for the Wall before the scythe had infiltrated the Castle, but Alduin and Merial Eralith, along with Tessia and my family, were nowhere to be found when all of this had happened.
It was somewhat of a relief that they weren’t here, but another part of me was even more anxious. Questions rose in my head— if they did escape, where did they go? How did they know that they would be attacked? Or was their timely disappearance just a coincidence?
‘I know it’s hard, but you shouldn’t think about all of that right now,’ my bond sent, conveying her worry. ‘Take this one step at a time. We’ll get through this together, Arthur.’
I gave her a terse nod. I didn’t thank her—I didn’t need to. I was grateful that she was with me throughout everything that I had gone through. I couldn’t even imagine where I would be if I didn’t have her, and she knew that.
The idea of someone knowing almost every thought and emotion that crossed my mind would’ve been disconcerting to me if I didn’t realize how grateful for it I was. Maybe it was just because it was Sylvie, and not someone else, but I was thankful for the link that I had with her.
‘Arthur!’ my bond called out.
Yeah, I know. I saw the mana fluctuation in the near distance. Even without Realmheart, it’d be impossible not to sense the powerful auras clashing.
Bairon’s currently engaging with the scythe, I deduced, seeing that the deviant magic was most present in the atmosphere.
‘What should we do?’
I’m going in. Stay behind and cover me with mana shields.
After receiving the ‘okay’ from my bond, I withdrew Dawn’s Ballad from my dimension ring and coalesced mana through my limbs. I could feel the warmth as the runes running down my arms, legs, and back shined a golden hue. Strength filled every fiber of my body as I dug my heel into the floor.
I knew that using Burst Step would strain my body, but with my experience fighting against Agrona’s personal soldiers, I knew that I had to end it fast if I wanted any chance at winning.
‘Okay. Go!’ Sylvie signalled, layering mana around my body.
I willed the mana to flow down my legs, timed to the millisecond to maximize the burst of strength that I’d receive.
The world blurred before me with that single, mana-enhanced step, as my eyes and brain struggled to collect, translate, and sort the influx of images. If it wasn’t for my reflexes heightened through the usage of internal lightning magic, I would be more likely to kill myself by running into a wall than actually hurt my enemy.
Ignoring the searing pain that ate away at my lower body, I dashed forth, honing in on the towering scythe.
It took me all I could to stop myself short.
The jagged tip of my teal sword stood inches away from the scythe’s throat. I could’ve killed him. I was so close, but I couldn’t.
I stared at the scythe, a flurry of emotions emerging as he looked down at me with an amused expression and spoke.
“You’ve grown.”
I heard Bairon’s voice scream at me from behind but my ears weren’t able to register what he was saying over the blood pounding in my ears.
I tightened my grip around Dawn’s Ballad, unable to pry my eyes away from the piercing red glare of the scythe standing in front of me.
From the two serrated horns curled underneath his ears, the same bloody cape that mirrored his bright red eyes, it was unmistakable. It was him.
It was the same scythe that had killed Sylvia.





Chapter 235
Chapter 235: Wavering Pillar
In my mind flashed scenes over ten years old, when I had first met Sylvia. The few months we’d spent together had formed a bond between us that wouldn’t usually be possible in that short period of time.
Perhaps it was because it hadn’t been that long since I had first come to this world, but to a grown man born into the body of an infant, Sylvia had become my solace. In front of her, I could truly act like myself, and to her—even combining my age from both lives—I was still just a child to her.
To this day, one of my biggest regrets was leaving Sylvia. I was young and weak then, but I still thought about it—what would’ve happened if I had stayed. Would Sylvia be alive today? Would she still be with me now?
At first, I wanted nothing more than to get revenge for her. The message she had imparted onto me about enjoying this life did little to dampen the rage I felt towards the ones who were responsible for all of this. However, as more and more time passed, the thirst for vengeance had slowly quelled.
I had lied to myself in the beginning, thinking I could do nothing about it because I was too weak. So I trained, and trained. I went to school to train and learn, and I even went to Epheotus to learn amongst the asuras. However, being face to face with the one responsible for all of this that very night when Sylvia pushed me through that portal, I felt a stronger sense of guilt than anger.
I was more angry at myself, for how little I thought about Sylvia these days, than I was angry at the scythe in front of me now—the one responsible for Sylvia’s death.
“It’s you,” I seethed, doing everything I could to keep my hands steady. “That night! You were the one that...”
The next words froze in my mouth as I looked behind the scythe against the far wall. It was then that I realized in my spurt of anger, I didn’t even see Virion—deathly pale and sprawled over a pile of rubble—and Bairon, who was flitting in and out of consciousness beside him.
“They’re alive, for now,” the scythe spoke.
I took another step forward, pressing Dawn’s Ballad closer against the scythe’s pale gray throat. An aura of frost surrounded my blade along with compressed gales of wind and electricity as I fed more and more of my mana into my spell.
The scythe remained unfazed as the elemental auras radiated from my weapon just below his sharp jaw, instead, studying me with interest. “It’s impressive to see you wielding mana to such a proficient degree, even if it was due to Lady Syl—”
He shifted slightly, dodging the elemental energy released from my blade with inhuman speed and precision. The castle rumbled once more in protest as its mana-reinforced walls cracked and splintered.
“Don’t you dare say her name,” I growled, preparing to strike again.
Tendrils of mana coiled around me, their intensity mirroring my emotions. The ground underneath me crumbled from the pressure as I swung once more. A teal arc flashed as I swung at breakneck speed.
My opponent stood still though, letting my blade slice right through him—or so I thought.
The gash that my sword had made through his neck smoldered in flames before closing the wound as if it didn’t exist.
Through Realmheart, I was able to tell that he was able to manipulate his black flames to such a high degree that he could become almost intangible.
‘Arthur!’ Sylvie called out through our telepathic link, just arriving.

Sylv! Help Virion! I ordered, my gaze shifting back and forth between Tessia’s grandfather and the scythe just a few feet in front of me.
‘What about you? You can’t beat him alone!’ she replied.
He’s going to die if you leave him like that! I sent, continuing to attack him using not just my sword but every element I had in my arsenal. I launched blades of wind, arcs of lightning, blasts of blue flames, but none of them did anything.
Thankfully, my bond heeded my words. After a moment of hesitation, she ran towards Virion and Bairon.
I did my part as well, at least stalling for time while my bond healed the two of them. I weaved both the ambient and my own mana around my hand to ignite an icy white flame. With the power and control I had gained from my white core, I unleashed the spell, freezing the scythe and everything else within thirty feet.
The seven-foot-tall scythe, clad in gleaming black armor, stood encased in an ice tomb. His pose, even frozen, remained arrogant and nonchalant.
Casting aside any doubt creeping from his attitude, I discharged a ray of lightning at our frozen opponent until the entire premise was covered in an icy mist.
If it hadn’t been for Realmheart, I wouldn’t have been able to see the scythe strike directly at my face.
Damn it! It didn’t work, I cursed.
Still, I was hopeful. Each fight against one of the retainers had left me and Sylvie almost dead. The fight against Uto would’ve killed us if it hadn’t been for the scythe, Seris. But this time was different.
Even against a scythe, beings that were able to use the mana arts only asuras from the basilisk clans were able to do, I was capable of holding my own.
Dodging the scythe’s fire-clad fist, however, made me realize that he seemed to be holding back. There was no time or leisure to think why, only that it was true and I had to capitalize on it.
The world shifted from monochrome into its negative version as I ignited Static Void and time stopped. I ignored the painful stress caused by using this ability and repositioned myself so I was behind him.
I knew this wasn’t enough though. It didn’t matter if he couldn’t dodge my attack when he didn’t need to.
The mana particles in the atmosphere had all been colorless, unable to be used within the void of frozen time, but what did glow all around me were the motes of purple.
Lady Myre had told me that while I could sense aether due to my affinity for all four elements, I might never be able to consciously control them outside of borrowing the power of Static Void.
Still, I tried. As crazy as it sounded, I called out to the floating specks of aether to help me somehow. I shouted, I pleaded, I prayed within the frozen realm and just when I thought nothing would work, some of the particles began congregating around Dawn’s Ballad, coating its blade in a hue of purple.
Afraid that this power would soon dissipate, I immediately released Static Void and swung my aether-clad blade.
Despite stopping time, the scythe had little trouble knowing where I was, as if expecting that I would use Static Void.
What he didn’t expect, however, was that my next attack would be infused in aether.

Dawn’s Ballad flashed in a purple crescent. The very fabric of space seemed to warp around my blade as it passed through the scythe, leaving a large, hollow gash.
The scythe’s look of indifference turned sour as he grunted in pain. He clasped his chest which soon burst out blood.
With that one attack, my mind swam and my arms felt heavy. A chilling pain radiated from my mana core, but I was able to lift my sword just in time to block a strike from a hand clad in black flames.

The scythe gripped the blade of my sword in his blazing hand while his eyes lost all trace of leisure.
I tried to pry my sword away from him to no avail. I didn’t have the strength to use aether again, and even if I did, I wasn’t confident that I could replicate what I had just done.
The bright teal blade of my sword dulled as the black fire spread from the scythe’s hand onto Dawn’s Ballad.
‘Arthur!’ Sylvie screamed in worry. She cast her vivum aether onto me, giving me strength, but it didn’t matter.
I couldn’t do anything as the black flames enveloped my sword and shattered within the scythe’s grasp.
“That is for the injury,” he said quietly, his voice dripping with anger.
I stepped away, putting some distance between us as I gripped the broken hilt of my beloved sword.
To my surprise, however, the scythe didn’t pursue. Instead, he turned to where Sylvie, Bairon, and Virion were. “Your aether arts aren’t strong enough to heal their wounds yet, Lady Sylvie.”
“Shut up!” I snapped, conjuring and condensing multiple layers of ice to craft a sword.
“While I’m confident that I’ll be able to defeat you, I fear this flying castle will collapse in the process of doing so,” he stated, glancing sideways at me. “Relinquish this fortress and I will retrieve the soulfire currently eating away at their lives.”
My body tensed, unwilling to believe him. “You’re just going to let us go?”
I was confident to be able to hold my own against him with Sylvie, but not while Virion and Bairon were here.
“I have already completed my orders, and it has been a long time since a lesser managed to wound me.”
‘Arthur. He’s right. I can’t heal them and I used up a lot of strength earlier trying to save Elder Buhnd.’
Despite my bond’s words, I didn’t lower my guard. With Realmheart still ignited and my sword poised to strike at the scythe, I asked him the question I had been too afraid to hear the answer to. “Are Princess Tessia Eralith, Alice Leywin, and Eleanor Leywin still alive?”
The scythe revealed a smile that sent chills down my spine. “The princess, along with your mother and sister are safe. You’ll find out more later on if you choose to accept my offer.”

The ice sword dissipated in my hand while I released Realmheart. My shoulders slumped from the weight of his words and my chest tightened. Every ounce of strength I had left was used to keep myself up on my feet, instead of on my knees, begging.
My greatest fear had come true. I had never gotten close to anyone in my past life was for this reason. “W-Where are they? What have you done to them?!”
“It’s not my place to tell you,” he said as he made his way over to Virion and Bairon.
***
I flew in silence next to Sylvie who was carrying Virion and Bairon on her scaled back. The Castle got smaller and smaller behind us as we headed back in defeat.
‘Arthur. Your family is going to be okay,’ Sylvie consoled gently.
I clenched my fists to keep them from trembling. I have to save them, Sylv. No matter what, I can’t let what happened to my father happen to them.
‘I know. We’re going to do everything we can.’
We made camp in a remote area a few miles northeast of Etistin by the Sehz River. I knew that if the sight of two lances and the very commander leading the war against the Alacryans were spotted in the state we were in, it would create mass panic.
Getting to work, I built a fire and conjured a stone tent for us while Sylvie began healing Virion and Bairon again. After about an hour or so, both of their breathing had become regular until they were simply asleep. Sylvie and I sat next to each other in front of the fire, lost in the flame’s dance.
It had been a long time since it had been this peaceful, yet I struggled to keep calm. Sitting, doing nothing and waiting made me restless, but we were both at a loss.
Neither of us said anything for a long time. The sun had set, with the fire our only source of light. I prodded at it with a stick, not because I had to, but because I would go crazy if I wasn’t doing something.
“What do we do now?” my bond asked quietly, reading my thoughts.
“Find Tess, Ellie and my mom,” I answered.
My bond turned to me, her bright topaz eyes reflecting the light from the fire. I could feel her uncertainty and despite her best efforts in keeping her thoughts from leaking, I could hear the question she wanted to ask: ‘Is the war over?’
There was a muddled mixture of emotions leaking from her but she was doing everything she could from letting me know what those emotions were.
A pained groan stirred our attentions, turning our heads back towards the tent.
It was Virion. He rubbed his head for a moment before bolting up to his feet. A sinister aura enveloped him as his beast will ignited.
“Virion! Virion! It’s okay!” I consoled, holding up my arms.
Disoriented, the commander took a moment to inspect our surroundings before finally realizing we weren’t at the Castle.
“What... what happen—the scythe!” he gasped. “My son! Tessia! Buhnd! We have to help them!”
I wrapped my arms around Virion, hugging him tight. He struggled, trying to break free from my grasp as he continued frantically telling me that we needed to go back.
And once he had calmed down, Virion wept. The Commander of this war and the very pillar of Dicathen, broke down.
I thought about Sylvie’s unasked question as I embraced Virion, tears lining my eyes as well.
If it wasn’t over, it sure felt like it was. It felt like the Alacryans had won. Not only did it feel like they had won, it felt like Agrona had us practically running into the palm of his hand. I had been arrogant.
What was a mere two mortal lifetimes of experience compared to an ancient asura’s lifetime of intellect and wisdom?





Chapter 236
Chapter 236: Darkening Grey
GREY
“Here.” Lady Vera took a seat beside me, opening a bottle of water before handing it to me. “Drink this and try to calm down.”
I nodded before gulping down the clear liquid. Immediately, my worries, my jitters, and accumulated stresses faded.
“Is something wrong with the water?” she asked, worried.
“N-No. I was just so nervous that it went down the wrong pipe,” I said, taking another gulp.
“Oh, I see. Good, keep drinking. You’ll feel better after drinking all of that and doing some breathing exercises. At this point right now, it’s best you keep your body in top shape.”
I stared blankly at Lady Vera—my sponsor, teacher, mentor and someone akin to an older sister to me. She looked back, smiling in that confident manner that made you feel so safe being on her side.
“You’re almost there, Grey. Just win one more duel and you’ll be the heir apparent until you’re of age to take on the title of king,” she said, leaning in close. “With your skill and talent, this tournament is only a stepping stone for greater things.”
“You’re right.” I steeled myself, thinking back to Director Wilbeck.
To this day, it enraged me how quickly her case had been closed despite the gravity of the situation. It made me suspect that something was going on but in order to confirm this and get to the bottom of everything, I would need the authority of a king.
Like Lady Vera said, this tournament was merely a stepping stone for me to become king and gain Etharia’s backing to launch a full international investigation. I’d find whoever did this and use my full authority as king to make sure that they paid for her death.
“You know that my home country of Trayden and Etharia have signed a treaty recently, but things have been shaky as with all new alliances. I have faith that you’ll become a great king that truly bridges our two countries together, Grey.”
I looked at Lady Vera, hopeful. “You really think so? Even with my background?”
“Your background is under the Warbridge family name, just like mine,” she chastised before her expression softened into a warm smile. “I’ll make sure no one doubts that.”
My chest tightened as tears threatened to surface. Swallowing and sitting up straight, I replied with newfound determination. “Thank you. I won’t let you down.”
“Of course you won’t.” She placed a firm hand on my shoulder. “You’ve guessed by now who your final opponent is going to be, right?”
My fists tightened. “Of course.”
“I know she’s an old friend and you two grew up together, but don’t forget that she threw away everything for this. Forget the rumors surrounding her; no one has forced her to fight—and with her powers, no one can.”
Just as she finished speaking, Lady Vera’s phone chimed.
“Hello? What! Okay, I’ll be there soon,” she said, her voice stern.
“Sorry, Grey, a business partner of mine is here and I need to go outside since he’s not allowed in here. Be sure to finish that water and focus on calming yourself.”
I held up the water bottle. “Don’t worry, I’ll be fine.”
With a tight nod, Lady Vera began speaking again to whoever was on the other side of the phone. As she reached for the door to exit my waiting room, the door swung open, surprising both of us.
“Watch it!” Lady Vera growled at the janitor pulling a cleaning cart.
The thin bearded man dipped his head before stepping out of the way. “My apologies.”
Clicking her tongue, she stepped forward to take a closer look at the man when apparently the person on the other line spoke again.
“I’ll be right there! I want footage pulled up from all angles!” she snapped as she strode away.
The door closed behind the janitor who walked in, his head still lowered beneath his navy uniform cap.
“You really should be more careful, sir,” I warned. “There are a lot of important people in these halls that you don’t want to accidentally anger.”
The janitor didn’t speak. Instead, to my shock, he looked straight at me as he ripped off his thick grizzled beard. What surprised me more was the fact that the janitor’s face began to warp slightly to reveal a face that couldn’t be more familiar.
“N-Nic—”
The janit—no, Nico—clasped his palm over my mouth. “Don’t speak too loudly.”
His hand remained until I confirmed to him that I had calmed down. Wiping my mouth, I spoke to my friend that had been ignoring me for the past few months. “Where have you been? You look terribl—that fake beard... is it an altering artifact? Aren’t those illegal?”
Nico ignored me as his eyes darted around the room. It only took a single glance to tell that these past few months had not been easy for him. His cheeks were sunken and his lips were cracked, showing how little he had cared for his health.
“We don’t have much time before your match against Cecilia,” he said, fumbling through the sanitation cart before pulling out a palm-sized device. “I need you to listen to this right now.”

I pushed the device away. “What is going on, Nico? I know you’re worried about Cecilia but you’ve been ignoring me for the past four months and now you march in here right before my match and distract me like this? What are you trying to do?”
“Please,” he asked, desperation evident in his voice. “Just listen.”
And so I did. Despite having less than an hour before my match against Cecilia, I put on the earbuds together with Nico and began listening.
“Is this... Lady Vera?” I asked, hearing her voice through the device.
He urged me to continue listening and so I did. And as the audio clips continued, it became harder and harder to listen.
“Bullshit,” I spat, pulling the chords out of my ears. “Plans to capture Cecilia during this tournament? What sort of sick joke are you playing at, Nico?”
“It’s not a joke—how could I ever joke about Cecilia?!” he urged, tears lining his tired eyes. “I know Lady Vera has been good to you but this is why. Everything was for this day.”
“Have you gone crazy these past few months?”
“This is where I’ve been these past few months.” Nico pulled up his uniform sleeves and pant legs, showing deep red scars that ran around his wrists and ankles. “I’ve been locked up by our own Etharian embassy because I was trying to break her out of the government facility she’s been held in. I’ve been starved and tortured, but I managed to escape. Since then I’ve been gathering evidence around Vera Warbridge to get you to help me.”
My eyes widened before I shook my head. “No. No, you’re lying. It makes no sense. First of all, why would Lady Vera need to take Cecilia? Trayden and Etharia have an alliance now!”
“That’s specifically why they want it now,” he explained impatiently. “Whoever has control over Cecilia, or what the Traydens refer to her as—The Legacy, has control over the entire two governments.”
I was shaken by the familiar term. The Legacy... that was what that man had called Cecilia as he was torturing me. But I never told Nico that.
“Okay, then how do I play into this? Why would Lady Vera need me specifically rather than any other genius king candidate?”
“Our government has been confining Cecilia for her own protection until she’s officially crowned as a king. The only time she’ll have to appear in public is during the tournaments,” he responded immediately. “And Lady Vera needed you because you’re an orphan. There are strict rules to who can be allowed in the King’s Crown tournaments, especially the final rounds. Lady Vera was only allowed in here because she’s your legal guardian, something that can’t happen with another candidate from an affluent family.”
I mulled over his words for a moment, lost in thought when suddenly, a knock on the door made both of us jolt up.
“Candidate Grey? I’m one of the facilitators here. Lady Vera Warbridge has asked for me to check up on you,” a gruff voice sounded.
I looked at Nico who was panicking. He looked at me with wide eyes, his entire body trembling.
“I’m fine. Please let her know that I don’t want to be disturbed until it’s time for the duel,” I replied loudly.
The facilitator acknowledged my words and dismissed himself, but the two of us waited a few more minutes. I peeked out the door to make sure no one was outside before turning back to Nico. “Look. You’re crazy, but it’s obvious you’ve been through a lot. I’m not going to turn you in, so get out of here safely.”
“Grey,” Nico pleaded, clasping his hands over mine once more. “I’m begging you. I was able to set up a plan with a few friends after I broke free a few weeks ago. Everything is in motion but I need your help if we’re going to escape with Cecilia!”
“ Escape with Cecilia?” I echoed. “Do you even hear yourself right now? We’re competing against each other for the King’s Crown! You’re telling me to throw that all away because you think that there’s some sort of crazy conspiracy going on right now? I saw Cecilia’s last fight; she’s completely fine and healthy!”
“Y-You don’t know what the Warbridge family is going to do to Cecilia once they get their hands on her!” he cried desperately while fumbling through his pockets. “Look! I didn’t want to show you this but this has to prove it.”
I snatched the crumbled picture from his hands, skeptical of his words until I saw who was in the picture. While blurry and hastily taken, there was no doubt that it was Lady Vera talking with a man with a scar running down his face.
“Do you remember him? He’s the one that tried to kidnap Cecilia!” he said, pointing frantically at the blurred man.
“Th-That can’t be... no, it’s not. Nico, this is too blurry to tell. I won’t—I can’t throw out everything I know of and believe in Lady Vera because of one blurry photo,” I responded, handing the photo back to him.
My hands trembled and my heart thrashed against my ribcage. I needed water.
I fumbled with the cap of the clear bottle and took a large gulp. Instantly, I could feel myself calming down, feeling better—stronger, even, and more clear-headed.
Lady Vera was right. I needed to take care of my body by staying hydrated. Taking a deep breath, I turned to Nico. “If what any of what you said to me today is a lie, you could be sentenced to life in prison. As a friend, I’ll pretend this never happened, but you’re out of your mind if you want me to participate.”
Nico fell to his knees, looking up at me in desperation. “Grey! Plea—”
“I’ll help you, Headmaster Wilbeck, and Cecilia the way I’ve been trying to all this time—by becoming king,” I cut him off as I walked towards the door. “Now if you’ll excuse me. My match is about to start.”
The referee—a slim, middle-aged man with a well-trimmed gray beard—was dressed in a formal black suit. He kept his hands behind his back as he spoke sternly. “Will the two finalists step up onto the stage?”
My footsteps echoed as I walked up the marble steps leading onto the square dueling platform, and I could hear her footsteps from the other side as well. The limited audience allowed to be ‘witness’ to this event had been quieted and were anxiously waiting for the next representative of Etharia.
Using the very breathing technique that Lady Vera had taught me, I calmed myself as I stepped up onto the reinforced platform. However, taking one look as my opponent and old friend came up as well, I couldn’t help but shudder.
The very air around her seemed to be filled with electricity as my skin tingled uncomfortably. An aura of pure ki was visible and condensed so densely that I feared not even the sharpest blade could penetrate it.
All it took was one glance to realize how outclassed I was. One glance and I knew that no one in this entire tournament but her ever had a chance to become the next king. Cecilia seemed to know that, as her gaze exuded confidence. She was paler than usual—more sickly—and the dark bags under her eyes showed how tired she was, but her demeanor still spoke of her arrogance.
“In honor of the competition, the two finalists will pay their respects to the reigning king of Etharia, King Ivan Craft,” the referee announced, gesturing towards the highest podium.
I bowed deeply in the traditional manner that Lady Vera had taught me before turning back to my opponent. Cecilia, on the other hand, barely dipped her head before locking gazes with me.
For a moment, time seemed to slow as we exchanged glances. Nico’s words echoed in my mind, wavering my already-diminished confidence. Nico had said from the beginning that Cecilia had been captured by our own government, but I couldn’t believe him. Just from her attitude, Cecilia looked as if she’d chosen to leave him in order to pursue the route of a king... kind of like what I had done.

The referee stepped between the two of us. “Finalists. Show your respects to one another.”
He walked back and I bowed in respect—respect I was never shown back as she kept her chin high and looked down at me. The referee ignored it and signalled for us to ready our weapons.

I unsheathed my weapon, swiping the sword deftly through the air before pointing its gleaming tip directly at Cecilia. I couldn’t afford to lose focus—she was another opponent I had to defeat.
Cecilia’s expression remained unchanged as she elegantly raised an empty hand. In that hand formed a ki weapon in the shape of a rapier. Unlike other ki weapons that I had seen however, its manifestation was near-instant and flawless in detail.
I could hear stifled gasps and murmurs from the audience from just this display. The referee maintained his professionalism by displaying no change in attitude before signalling the technicians to raise the ki barrier.
As soon as the translucent dome soon fully encased the arena, the referee swung down his hand. “Let the duel commence!”
Throwing aside the hesitation clouding my mind, I burst forward, brandishing my ki-clad sword. Years of training with Lady Vera had strengthened my ki pool to an extent that I thought wasn’t powerful enough. While I still staggered just below the average practitioner, with my powerful instincts and sharp reflexes, I was able to utilize every drop of ki I had in my arsenal.
Those same reflexes made me stop mid-dash. Every fiber in my body screamed at me not to get any closer to Cecilia as she remained unmoving.
I felt a bead of sweat roll down the side of my face as I switched tactics, choosing instead to carefully circle around her.
Two things happened near-instantaneously. First, a grimace crossed Cecilia’s pale face. Second, she released a flurry of piercing ki strikes with one stroke.
My eyes widened in shock at the sheer ridiculousness of it all. This wasn’t some fairy tale or fantasy game, but real life. Still, gathering my wits, I managed to weave through the barrage of long-range energy strikes. My legs carried me through Cecilia’s casual onslaught as scores of piercing strikes launched from her ki weapon until I was in range to strike as well.
I feinted a downward strike before pivoting and spinning behind her, catching Cecilia behind her knees.
The attack that was supposed to buckle her and send her to the ground, however, sent a sharp wave of pain down my body instead.
“Weak,” Cecilia muttered under her breath.
I refused to let that get to me. Repositioning myself, I struck Cecilia with a quick set of sweeping attacks faster than the eye could follow.
But none of them could make a dent in the thick shroud of ki enveloping her tiny body.
Cecilia responded, stabbing her translucent rapier down at my feet.
The attack was easy enough to avoid, but what followed was the reinforced ground shattering from the impact of Cecilia’s strike.
Seriously? How is this even fair! I cursed, trying to escape the cloud of debris formed around us. Before I could react, a hand grabbed my wrist and anchored me in place with a strength that seemed nearly impossible for such a small body.
“Is this all that you’ve amounted to even with all of the training you received?” Cecilia taunted, practically sighing in disappointment.
“Shut it!” I spat, jerking my hand free from her grasp. Nico’s statements about Cecilia being held against her will and being forced to compete sounded more and more like bullshit as the duel continued.
Her attitude was just like those candidates from affluent families—haughty and arrogant.
I moved away from the dissipating cloud of debris with rapid steps, just in time to duck under a blast of pure ki.
The barrier surrounding the dueling arena trembled from the impact, widening the eyes of the referee that remained close by.
Moments later, Cecilia shot forward, both hands gripping her ki weapon that was poised to strike. I dodged her first piercing blow, but the aura surrounding her ki weapon was sharp enough to draw blood on my neck.
Cecilia moved in a flurry, her glowing blade turning into an indistinguishable blur of light as she recklessly attacked me.
My first few attempts at parrying her ki weapon resulted in chips forming on my blade—and that was with me reinforcing my weapon with ki.
I ducked, spun, weaved and pivoted at a speed that only I could pull off with such accuracy and timing.
Her attacks her monstrously strong and fast, but her swordplay wasn’t on the same level as mine.
Suddenly, Cecilia’s weapon blinked out of sight as she positioned her now-empty palm directly at my face.
Once again, my body screamed at me that I was in danger, and I reacted by grabbing her outstretched arm and pulling it away while leveraging it to position myself to her side.
Just in time, a cone of glowing energy was released from Cecilia’s open palm, right where I once stood.
“Can all you do is dodge and run away?” she said, her voice apathetic.
Cecilia’s ki-clad elbow struck directly at my sternum, launching me several feet off the ground and knocking the wind out of me.
Before I could even hope to get back up to my feet, I spotted Cecilia sprinting towards me with her newly-formed ki weapon ready.
I desperately tried to reach for my sword, but it was a few inches out of reach. Still, I struggled, trying to claw at the ground to drag my aching body to my only chance at coming out of this alive.

It was too late as Cecilia’s shadow swept over me and I spotted the glimmer of her weapon.
There was nothing more I could do except close my eyes and wait as I was defeated—or in the worst case, killed.
However, the pain never came. Cecilia’s ki sword buried itself into the ground, inches away from my face, and the impact once again destroyed the reinforced ground beneath me.
My opponent smiled, her face close to mine. “That’s once that you would’ve died.”
“Enough!” I yelled. Grabbing hold of my sword that had fallen into reach, I struck Cecilia at her waist using every ounce of ki I could muster at the moment. My blade couldn’t cut through the protective shroud of ki wrapped around her body, but the force did manage to push her away from me.
Cecilia twisted her body, landing nimbly on her feet with a smirk on her face. She was no longer the friend I had grown up with. Nico really was delusional, thinking that everything was forced onto her by the government.
I gripped the sword in my right hand, withdrawing the ki that had been protecting my body. If I wanted to defeat her, I wouldn’t be able to do so by wasting my precious ki on defense.
Noticing this, Cecilia withdrew her weapon, letting the glowing rapier fizzle out of existence.
She got into an offensive stance and gestured for me to come. She didn’t say anything, but didn’t need to. She didn’t even see me as a threat, igniting in me an anger with newfound determination to defeat her at all cost.
Letting out a roar, I imbued ki to my legs in explosive pulses, matching it to my stride. I reached her in three steps at a speed that even caught her by surprise. I swung my sword upward, hoping to at least throw her off balance, but Cecilia stood still and let her ki barrier soak up the brunt of my attack.
Her hand, coated in a thick layer of ki, actually managed to grip down on the sharp edges of my reinforced blade.
She pulled on the sword, pulling me along with it, and slapped me across the face with the back of her hand.
I had managed to protect my face at the last minute but I was still sent tumbling on the ground and my vision swam. Getting back up on my feet, I was immediately met with a barrage of attacks from Cecilia as she swung my own sword at me.
“My trainer was right. You two were dead weights holding me down, especially Nico,” she whispered. “I’m glad I managed to get rid of you both.”
The mention of Nico’s name brought forth another explosive wave of anger. Despite how crazy his conclusions had been, he had done everything because he cared about Cecilia—loved her. For her to spit on those emotions made me mad, despite all of the accusations he had spouted towards Lady Vera.
“Shut up!” I roared. Enveloping my hand in ki, I sidestepped her next downward slash—the end of her attack pattern—and parried the blade so it would get buried in the ground.
Even with my chipped sword, the ki she had embued around it was a strong enough attack to split the reinforced ground and get stuck.
I immediately followed up, delivering a powerful punch across her jaw and another just below her ribs.
My knuckles felt like they had hit a concrete wall, but I managed to make Cecilia stagger for just a split moment. That moment was enough for me to pry my sword out.
At that exact moment, an explosion resounded around the arena, surrounding the entire dueling platform in clouds of dust and debris. I noticed the translucent barrier surrounding the dueling arena quiver before disappearing as screams and shouts of surprise filled the area.
I stood still for a moment, confused at the turn of events until a flicker of movement out of the corner of my eyes.
“This duel is over!” she cried out as she dashed towards me.
She let loose a flurry of swings with her newly-formed ki weapon, unleashing sharp crescents of energy. The attacks bombarded the ground around me, raising even more dust and debris in the already-chaotic situation unfolding. However, I remained focused, wanting to end this duel just as much as she did.
Gripping my sword with both hands, I infused the remaining ki I had left into its blade and prayed for it to endure one more attack. Within the smokescreen of dust obscuring my vision, I managed to spot the faint shadow of Cecilia mid-air.
Her plan to use those flashy attacks to obstruct my view of her might’ve worked on most, but my sharp senses and instincts allowed me to guess her next move.
I let out a primal roar, raising my sword and driving its sharpened tip straight into Cecilia’s shadowed figure with all of my might, clenching my jaw for the impact to come.
Yet the recoil I had expected from clashing with her protective shroud never came.
Instead I watched as my sword slid itself deep into Cecilia’s chest and come stained red out of her back.
I felt her weight falling into me; the warm viscous fluid spilling down my hands and down my arms.
“They... wouldn’t let me... kill myself. I’m sorry... this was... the only way,” Cecilia mustered, her breath ragged.
I let go of my sword, my hands trembling fiercely. “W-Wha—why? How?”
“As long as... I live, Nico will be... imprisoned... used against... me.”
I stumbled back, and Cecilia fell on top of me. To my horror, the blade sunk deeper into her and she let out a pained gasp.
“N-N-No... this can’t be...” I sputtered, unable to even form the rest of the sentence as I choked back sobs forming in my throat.
The dust from Cecilia’s last attack and the explosion around the arena had dissipated as I continued clutching Cecilia. Despite all of the action movies I had seen at the orphanage of the main character dying dramatically, Cecilia’s death was nowhere near the same.
She simply stopped breathing and fell limp. That was it.
“ No! How? What have you done!?” Lady Vera’s voice screamed out from the side.
I turned my head towards the sound of the voice, more out of instinct than as an actual response. To my left were two figures, one male and one female. Both were in military armor, faces covered behind cloth masks. However, the male had taken off the goggles covering his eyes, revealing two different colored eyes.
Perhaps if it had been under any other situation, I would’ve reacted differently. I had found one of the men responsible for Headmaster Wilbeck’s death. I had also just heard Lady Vera’s unmistakable voice behind the mask of the female assailant beside him.
Nico had been right, but that didn’t matter to me right now. I had killed a friend—no, I had killed the woman my best friend loved.
The world turned silent as I stared blankly as the assassin with a scarred brown eye and a green eye pulled Lady Vera away and escape.
I watched as the referee and the judges frantically made their way towards us while guards ran around, trying to control the mayhem.
And from the corner of my eyes, near the very entrance I had come from, I witnessed Nico as his expression crumpled into that of horror and despair.





Chapter 237
Chapter 237: Expired Arrangement
ARTHUR LEYWIN
Long after the sun had set and night crept in, bringing a bitter chill along with it, I sat mindlessly by the fire. Above me, the stars that seemed the same in my previous world and this world glimmered like crystal dust across the horizon.
Virion, like a feeble infant, had fallen back asleep after crying. His body was in a severely weakened state and his mana core had been on the cusp of shattering. Bairon still hadn’t woken up, his injuries from the scythe much more severe than I had originally expected.
Hours must’ve passed since I last moved from my seat as my whirling vortex of thoughts digressed into an empty void. After the anger had fizzled out, the plans to save my family and Tess—the plans for revenge and justice—had all faded.
So I sat on the ground, running my fingers idly through the soft dirt beneath me, no idea where to go from here. The Alacryans now had control over the Castle and with it, the controls to the teleportation gates throughout the continent. It didn’t take a genius to guess that they would plan on taking Xyrus City next before slowly wiping away the forces of Dicathen.
With Virion in the state he was in right now, our side didn’t even have a leader. The lances were scattered and it was only a matter of time before they would be picked off one at a time until Dicathen had no hope of ever retaliating.
The crunch of leaves drew my attention behind me. Sylvie had come out from the earthen shelter I had conjured, but one glance was all it took for me to realize that my bond wasn’t who she appeared to be.
“Let’s take a walk, shall we?” she said, and her voice was the same, but the cadence and pitch were all off.
My heart quickened and I found myself trembling with rage but I wordlessly followed. For five minutes we walked, accompanied only by the snapping of twigs and the crush of foliage under our feet. A flurry of emotions passed through me as I stared at the back of the one responsible for all of the deaths and misery our people had to endure.
My mind raced to think of something to say, to think of something to do.
“Whew!” Sylvie breathed, taking a seat on a fallen log. “Controlling this body even for simple things like walking is hard work.”
I stared at the leader of the Vritra Clan and ruler of Alacrya and fell to my knees in front of him.
Agrona furrowed ‘his’ brows, contorting Sylvie’s face into an expression of surprise and frustration before he quickly relaxed.
“My, what an unexpected turn of events,” he said as I lowered my gaze to the ground beneath him. “Has the hero, and once mighty king, admitted defeat?”
“Agrona,” I said through gritted teeth. “You’ve made your point. Please, let Tessia and my family go.”
“Why?”
I dug my fingers into the dirt. “Because... I accept your deal. I’ll remove myself from this war.”

A chortle made me look up, only to see Sylvie cackling while covering her mouth. “You think our deal still stands, Grey? You were the only unpredictable variable that had even the slightest chance in hindering me, but as you said so yourself, I’ve made my point. Even you—with all of your inherent gifts and advantages—only amounted to this much.”
Sylvie’s eyes, laced in displeasure, stared down at me. “The very fact that you haven’t even told your bond that I’m able to possess her body tells me that even from the very beginning, you were always expecting to lose.”
“Then what... what do you want?” I demanded. “Why did you appear in front of me again?”
“Again, asking questions I have no obligation to answer.” Despite his casual words, his expression was knitted in what seemed like worry. “I don’t expect to have the pleasure of meeting like this again, so... goodbye.”
I scrambled to my feet. “W-Wait, what about my—”
And like that, Sylvie slumped back, unconscious.
Screaming in resentment, I slammed a mana-clad fist into the ground, waking the forest and its inhabitants.
“A-Arthur?” Sylvie called, weary and disoriented. “What’s going on?”
I let the mental barrier—that I had grown increasingly better at fortifying—fall, allowing my bond to read my thoughts and memories unabated.
Still, I made it a point to tell her the truth verbally. “Ever since you broke the seal that Sylvia had placed on you, Agrona was able to take over your consciousness for short periods of time.”
I watched as Sylvie’s skin paled and her expression distorted into disgust. Her mouth opened, as if to ask me a question, then closed because she had found the answer in my mind.
“I’m sorry I didn’t tell you.”
Sylvie walked up to me, her thoughts and emotions blocked, and slapped me across the cheek. My head whipped to the side at the force strong enough to break a normal person’s neck.
“There. We’re even now,” she muttered before wrapping her arms around my waist and burying her head in my chest.
The tears that hadn’t even fallen while Virion mourned for his family spilled down my cheeks as my body trembled. I gripped my bond back tightly, afraid to lose her as well.
I had not only lost, but I had also begged to my enemy on bent knees. Sylvie knew the anger, guilt, sorrow, and humiliation tearing apart my insides and the very fact that she knew and accepted them was enough for me to move on.
Biting my lip until I could taste a warm metallic bitterness, I cried silently, the crystal dust above us shaky and blurred.
Sylvie and I had eventually returned to our camp later that night. The two of us stayed together outside, guarding the shelter that Bairon and Virion were sleeping in.
At one point, I must’ve fallen asleep because Sylvie sent a sharp mental probe, telling me to wake up. My eyes snapped open and I got up, only to see Virion and Bairon having a heated argument while Sylvie put herself between them.
“We have to go back! Our troops need us, Commander!” Bairon growled, struggling to stay up on his own two feet.

“And do what? It’s too late,” Virion snapped, leaning against the earthen tent for support. His eyes turned towards me, noticing that I was awake. “Good, Arthur, we should get ready to leave.”
“Leave? Where?” I asked, confused.
“Our Commander says that the war is lost,” Bairon retorted. “Most likely, the injury from fighting the scythe had rendered him incapable of leading.”

Virion cast a harsh look at the lance before speaking. “The war is lost. With the Castle in their hands, they have access to all the teleportation gates throughout the continent. It’s only a matter of time before they’re able to figure out how to fully control it.”
“So what did you have in mind?” I asked Virion.
Virion’s knees buckled, toppling forward until Sylvie caught him.
“Thank you,” he said to my bond before turning to me. “Camus, Buhnd, Hester, and I, along with a few other trusted friends constructed a shelter to take refuge, just in case disaster fell—although no one would’ve expected an outcome like this.”
The thought of Elder Buhnd sent a sharp pain through my chest but I swallowed it. “Where is it?”
“You can’t be serious,” Bairon interrupted. “You are a lance. We have a duty to uphold for our people. Are we going to abandon them and leave them all to die by the Alacryans?”
“We’re not abandoning anyone!” Virion snarled, his patience wearing thin. “But going back into battle and risking the death of myself and any of you three would leave no hope for the future!”
“The future...” my bond echoed.
“Yes! The future. We need to recoup if we ever want a chance to take back Dicathen,” Virion continued.
Bairon’s shoulder slumped and for the first time, the lance seemed fragile and vulnerable. “So... there’s nothing we can do right now to win this war?”
“Our best chance is for us to stay alive and gather the lances,” Virion replied, looking sincerely pained.
‘What do you think we should do?’ Sylvie asked, knowing that my thoughts were still filled with Tessia and my family.
I let out a sigh before staring at the two of them with a hardened gaze. “Sylvie and I will take the two of you to wherever this secret shelter is but after that we’re going to look for my mom, my sister, and Tess.”
“Arthur... “ There was a tangible distance in Virion’s voice as he said my name, a hollow and almost pained sound.
I shook my head, holding up my hand. On my middle finger was a plain silver ring that Vincent had given me and my mom. “This is an artifact connected with a ring that my mother has. It’s my only hope and I can’t leave her knowing that there’s still a chance she’s alive.”
I had kept it off during the war, but through the connection between the two rings and the fact that she and my sister both had the Phoenix Wyrm pendant, it was possible. And that the ring hadn’t activated because she was still alive... not because she had taken it off.

“I’ll direct Dicathians that I meet back to the shelter during my search, but I need to do this,” I finished.
“I understand,” Virion whispered, closing his eyes.
Quietly, I got to work, destroying the earthen shelter and erasing all signs that we had ever stopped here to rest.
“So... where is this shelter, Commander Virion?” Bairon asked.
Virion used a nearby twig to draw a rough map of Dicathen, indicating our position with a circle. “The refuge that we had found is near the southern coast of the Kingdom of Darv, just along the Grand Mountains—”
“Found?” I cut in. “I thought you said you and the elders had built it.”
“Most of what seemed like a man-made cave already existed. We just built on top of it and hid it more thoroughly,” he added.
“Well, how are we going to traverse the near-thousand miles it’ll take to reach this shelter? We can’t fly; it’s too dangerous,” Bairon noted.
“You’re right. And it’ll be just as risky to try and take a teleportation gate to a city within Darv. Should we wait until nightfall?”
“How about this,” I suggested, drawing a jagged line running through Sapin. “We’re about an hour hike away from the Sehz River that flows all the way down through Darv and into the ocean. We’ll take the river down until nightfall and travel the rest by sky.”
“There are cities built along the Sehz though,” Sylvie countered. “Won’t we be a bit noticeable traveling on the water?”
“Who said anything about on the water?”
***
“This is... fascinating,” Virion marveled as we watched various aquatic animals and mana beasts pass by from the top of Sylvie’s back. We surged through the water, away from discerning eyes, while I concentrated on the multiple layers of spells I had to continually manage in order to make all of this possible.
I had to create two pockets of air, one over Sylvie’s back to allow Virion, Bairon, and I to breath and stay dry, and another encompassing Sylvie’s large draconic head. While we weren’t submerged deep enough to have to worry too much about the water pressure, it did mean that keeping the air pockets stable was quite a bit harder.
With the aid of water magic to push us faster and a fin made of mana that Sylvie had fashioned at the end of her tail, we were making great distance.
Virion was able to take this new mode of transportation in stride, but the same couldn’t be said for Bairon. The poor lance had latched himself so tightly onto Sylvie’s back that, even through her tough scales, she complained to me about the pain.
“How did you even think of such an idea as traveling underwater?” Virion asked, twisting left and right to see all around him. For a moment I was able to see the old Virion that I had grown up with back when I had first shown up in Elenoir with Tessia.
“Did you forget that I’m pretty smart?” I asked, avoiding his question.
We stayed fairly deep in the water except for the times that we had to replenish our air pockets. After the initial amazement had worn off, the four of us traveled in silence, brooding in our own minds with little desire to converse. Sylvie and I still conversed telepathically but even those conversations dwindled as each of us succumbed to our own thoughts of the bleak future.
The water around us began to darken as the sun fell, indicating to us that we’d be able to resurface soon.
Without taking a break, the four of us launched out of the lake and into the purple and deep blue sky.
Will you be okay flying with them on your back? I asked Sylvie, jumping off of her back. Virion and Bairon were both still barely able to use mana after their fight against the scythe.
‘I’ll manage,’ she replied, beating her powerful wings to accelerate.
I followed alongside them, flying on my own to lessen her burden. I watched as the land below us began turning into the desert as we crossed the border into Darv. I took one last look back, trying not to think about the battles going on and the chaos spreading for our troops as they were left without their commander.





Chapter 238
Chapter 238: Hidden in Sand
“Here! We have to land here!” Virion cried out as we hovered over the vast deserts of Darv.
“There’s nothing here though!” Bairon argued, his head turning left and right.
Even I looked around, shielding my eyes from the sharp gusts of wind, but below were just a few odd boulders and lots and lots of sand.
Back when we had been flying above the clouds, it was easy to spot our relative location using the various peaks of the Grand Mountains as our compass, but now it was impossible to see the range of mountains because of the thick sand-carrying winds.
Sylvie descended and I followed behind them until we landed on the soft ground.
“Flying through that was... tough,” Sylvie muttered after switching to her human form. She wore all black like she usually did, but her scales had turned her outfit into a thick shawl that covered most of her face and body to combat the harsh winds.
“You did well, Lady Sylvie,” Virion said as I quickly covered his body in a thick layer of mana. “Most aerial mana beasts can’t last against the winds this far south.”
“Well I’m not a mana beast,” Sylvie rebutted with a raised brow.
“Ah—My apologies...” Virion replied.
“Come on. Let’s find this refuge of yours,” I said to him, gesturing for him to take the lead.
Virion pointed at a tall boulder that looked almost like an ancient column of some sort. “We have to head over there.”
“That thing?” Bairon pointed, his expression muddled with confusion. “It’s a bit conspicuous for a top-secret refuge shelter, isn’t it?”
“That thing isn’t the shelter, it’s the landmark Buhnd had to make to keep track of the shelter’s location,” Virion corrected, walking forward.
The rest of us followed towards the giant pillar that was riddled with scars from the sand-infused winds that were so prevalent here.

“We start from here,” Virion stated, pointing to a deep gash in the center of the pillar. “With your heel against the pillar, we take 35,651 steps forward.”
Bairon, Sylvie, and I exchanged glances before looking back to Virion. “Really? This is the only way to find the shelter?”
“For now, yes,” Virion answered. “The shelter itself branches off into various tunnels that haven’t been explored, though, so I’m hoping that more entrances can pop up.”
Sylvie nodded in agreement. “If this is the only way to get to the shelter, it’ll be almost impossible to bring normal civilians here discreetly.”
Virion let out a sigh with downcast eyes. For him, this shelter was most likely his last chance in having any hope at redemption against the Alacryans. If this plan only amounted to us and a few others being able to make it to the shelter, there was no point.
“Well, we’ve come all this way. Let’s go to this shelter first before we come to any conclusions,” I interjected, putting on the most confident expression that I could muster.
And so we began our trek through the desert. Unable to fly or use any shortcuts with magic, Virion was forced to walk heel to toe while I kept count.
It was a rough journey that usually would’ve taken days of preparation to even try. However, in a group with two lances, a silver core mage, and an asura, we were able to get by.
Fresh water, that would’ve been impossible to come by, was extracted from the clouds every so often to replenish ourselves, and our near bottomless pit of mana was able to keep us safe from the cold desert air and sharp winds.
“I can take over from here, Commander,” Bairon said on step 10,968.
“No. Your foot sizes are different,” I cut in. “It’ll throw us off.”
Bairon shot me a quick glare in response to my curt interjection, but I ignored him and signalled Virion to continue walking. We travelled in silence and with my concentration solely focused on Virion, even Sylvie blocked her mental link so she wouldn’t have to hear me monotonously counting numbers in my head.
Our journey was a long and tedious one, but the counting helped my mind from wandering and overthinking. I focused on keeping track of our steps, slowing my pace to be just behind Virion’s heel-to-toe gait.
We did stop every now and then so that Virion and Bairon could stretch and rest. The two were still recovering and while their bodies had healed, the trek through the sands were still taxing for the two of them. With our feet sinking almost shin-deep with every step, it took a lot more strength to walk here than it did on flat ground.
Sylvie checked the state of their damaged mana cores every now and then to make sure they were okay, but it seemed like the only way they’d be able to recover would be by giving them time to rest.
Virion had come to terms with his injuries, but I would hear Bairon grunt in frustration every now and then after failing to use mana to the degree that he had grown used to. Virion could barely even coat his fist in mana, while Bairon was only able to shroud his body. Neither of them were able to utilize elemental magic.
After another ten thousand steps had gone by, I noticed that Virion had gotten slower. Looking up, I noticed that his body was shivering.

“Virion,” I called out, gripping his arm. I immediately sent a wave of heat and I could see blood rushing back to his pale face. “Let me know when you’re getting cold.”
“T-Thank you,” he replied with a weary smile. “And don’t worry, I’m okay.”
I watched as he walked on. His once broad shoulders seemed so narrow and weak as he hunched forward. For the first time, Virion actually appeared... old.

We continued marching through the desert, illuminated softly by the pale moon and stars. Afraid to even cast a light in the off chance that a scythe or retainer was nearby, we walked in darkness for hours on end until finally, I had reached the last number.
“We’re here,” I announced skeptically. Around us was only sand, as far as my mana-enhanced vision could see.
Bairon, Sylvie and I all looked at Virion. Our commander was bent down, sweeping his arm that was holding a white pentagonal medallion etched with designs that I couldn’t make out from this far.
“What is that?” I asked, curious.
“I’m not sure exactly what it is, but we found several of these inside the Castle when we first discovered it. It seems to be a relic from the wise mages of the past,” Virion answered, not taking his eyes off the sandy ground.
Bairon let out a gasp. “You mean the same ancient mages that had built both the floating city of Xyrus as well as the Castle?”
Virion nodded as he continued to walk in circles, waving the white medallion in his hand as if it were a magnifying glass.
I raised a brow at Bairon’s unusual tone of admiration, but said nothing. I’d heard about the ancient mages now and again. Much of the previous artifacts that helped the Dicathen civilization grow came from the ancient mages. It’s safe to say that without the teleportation gates, and the mana-rich atmosphere of the floating city of Xyrus, much of Dicathen’s lands would’ve been untamed.
Across my readings back when I was a child in this world, artificers and researchers all believed that the ancient mages had either discovered the technology to transport themselves to another world, or had wiped themselves off the face of the world while conducting a large-scale experiment of some sort.
Based on the lack of evidence that suggested either of these two things, it seemed that the researchers of Dicathen had more or less given up on finding out what had happened to our ancestors and slapped on a reasonably logical conclusion.
After a subjective hour of searching, Virion let out a frustrated grunt. “It’s not here.”
“What do you mean it’s not here?” I asked. “You said that taking 35,651 steps straight while facing away from that gash on the boulder would lead us to the shelter.”
“I know what I said!” he snapped.

“Well, maybe the wind blew the boulder back from its original position,” Bairon suggested, impatience laced in his voice.
“Not likely.” Virion shook his head. “Buhnd exhausted almost all of his monstrous mana core to make sure the boulder was large enough and was buried deep enough so that the sand and wind wouldn’t shift its position.”
I scratched my head in frustration. “Then what do we do?”
“I don’t think we have a choice... but to start over again,” Virion muttered.
Frustration turned to anger as my patience reached its limit. “No. We just wasted the better half of a day counting our footsteps because you wanted to find this refuge shelter. There has to be another way to get in.”
“Well there isn’t !” he shot back, walking towards me with a piercing hot gaze. “You think I want to be out here after my entire family was taken from me? Huh? If it was solely up to my wants, I’d much rather march with my men, face a scythe and die in battle—then, at least I would feel like I’d done what I could to avenge them. But that’s not what a leader does, Arthur. When everyone else has given up, I’m the one that has to hold onto any semblance of hope and fight for the future!”
He stabbed a long, fragile finger into my chest as he snarled out his last words. “So don’t you dare say this is what I ‘want’.”
I stood there, speechless, as Virion walked weakly away. Bairon’s expression mirrored my own while even the howling winds quieted.
“Wait,” Sylvie said, breaking the silence. My bond turned to me. “I noticed this earlier but I couldn’t quite figure out what I was feeling. I think the artifact that Virion is holding influences... aether. Arthur, can you activate Realmheart?”
I did as she asked, thrilled at the prospect of not having to take this arduous hike again. Igniting Sylvia’s dragon will, I felt a sharp pain spread out of my core and through my body and limbs from the backlash of overusing my mana and even using aether arts during my battle with the scythe.
However, as my vision shifted to monochrome and specks of color began lighting up the world around me, my heart thumped in excitement. Amidst the tiny motes of yellow, green, blue, red, and purple, I found something in the distance.
We must’ve shifted off course during our hike here because just less than a mile to my left was a clump of purple that shone like a beacon.
I felt my lips curl up into a crazed grin. “I found it. I found it!”
Sylvie’s eyes brightened at my words and thoughts. She immediately transformed into her draconic form and plucked both Virion and Bairon from the ground with her front claws.
I flew ahead just above the ground, blasting a trail of sand behind me as Sylvie followed close behind.
With our destination locked in sight, it only took a matter of minutes to reach the circular array of purple motes that represented aether.
“It’s here,” I said, pointing directly to the center of the array.
Virion hurriedly scrambled to me, holding the artifact tightly in his hands. He arrived and immediately knelt down, placing the white artifact over the sand with an expression of relief.
“You’re right. This is the place,” he said, looking at the white medallion on top of the sand.
Bairon arrived too, his brow raised in doubt. “Nothing is happen—”
Cutting the lance off mid sentence, the medallion began to vibrate. Even more amazingly, its vibrations caused pulsating waves in the sand around it, spreading several yards out in all directions. The pulses got stronger until the rolling sand soon formed small waves.
Sylvie and I exchanged wary glances but before we could do any more, the ground below us sank until we fell through the sand.





Chapter 239
Chapter 239: Passage Of Time
Instinctively, I shrouded myself in a sphere of wind, keeping the sand away as I gently floated down to the ground. Sylvie did something similar as I saw a black sphere slowly melt to reveal a petite girl with two large horns.
Virion and Bairon, with their cores damaged and their magic widely unusable, didn’t fare as well.
Fortunately, Virion was at the epicenter of our descent so he slid down the large mountain of sand that had accumulated below him. Bairon, a figure whose lightning magic was so powerful that it heightened his reflexes, rolled down the sand dune in a fit of desperate screaming and coughing.
He flailed his arms like a drowning puppy before he realized he was on solid ground. Virion shook his head while Sylvie turned away to hide her laughter.
Bairon spat out a mouthful of sand while glaring at me with dagger-like eyes. “You! Should a lance be so selfish as to leave his... commander to plunge down into unknown dangers like that?”
“The only one that thought they were in danger was you,” Virion countered, dusting the sand off of his robe.
It was the first time I saw Bairon’s cheeks flushed in embarrassment. He quickly bolted up to his feet, wiping his sandy mouth and tongue on his sleeve as he coughed. His spiteful glare never ceased as he did this but Bairon and I both knew that he couldn’t do anything about it. With the state he was in right now, I could kill him with a slap—not that I’d want to, of course.
“Everyone,” Sylvie said, her voice echoing slightly. “Look around.”
Her words brought our attention to the mysterious underground tunnel we were in. I looked around and I finally realized that for a place without any sources of light, it was surprisingly easy to see.
“Are those glowing symbols runes? I’ve never seen anything like them,” Bairon muttered in wonder as he hovered his hand over a rune that pulsed with faint light on the wall. “It must be runes, but I don’t sense any fire or lightning affinity mana around them.”
Sylvie brushed her hand over the runes that seemed too perfect to be engraved by hand. “That’s because it isn’t powered by mana.”
Bairon furrowed his brows. “What? That’s impossible.”
“No, she’s right,” I said, cycling Realmheart Physique through my body once more. Sylvie’s thoughts had leaked onto me and I just had to verify it for myself. And to my utter amazement, the entire cave lit up like a starry night, basking the area in purple. “It’s powered by aether.”
My mind spun as I tried to make sense out of this revelation. I ran the conversation I had with Sylvie’s grandmother, Lady Myre, in my head again. Everything she had told me about aether being an entity that couldn’t be manipulated like mana—but rather, influenced or coaxed into action—went against what was going on in front of me. Aether wasn’t something that could be confined and used so permanently like this, yet it was clear as day that someone or something had figured out how to do so.
“Let’s continue walking,” Virion announced, taking the lead. “There’s more of this down here.”

Prying my eyes away from the runes that filled these walls, we continued to walk. Much like in the desert above us, the air here was dry and stale. The only sounds came from our footsteps echoing through the tunnel that led out of the cave we had arrived through.
It couldn’t really be called a tunnel, though, as the smooth, polished floors and light coming from the runes made it seem more like a narrow hallway. The ceiling above us continued to rise as we made our way down the hallway, soon reaching so high that it became lost in darkness.
Despite Virion’s familiarity with this place, I couldn’t help but be cautious. My eyes darted left and right, looking for anything odd, but except for the unusually high concentration of aether gathered here, there was nothing off about this place.
‘You’re feeling uneasy here as well,’ Sylvie noted, sticking close to me.
I think it’s just because of all the aether here, and the runes that are practically trapping them to use as light. I thought aether only influenced time, space, and life?
‘I suspect that the walls aren’t just made of stone but some sort of living thing,’ she responded.
I carefully touched the walls for the first time, and realized that Sylvie was right. It wasn’t stone, like I had assumed—it felt more like a smooth tree trunk.
So aether is giving this... tree... life? I guessed.
‘Your guess is as good as mine at this point. I may be able to utilize aether but you can at least see the ambient mana; I have to go by my gut feeling.’
We continued walking in silence. The straight passage seemed to go on forever, with no end in sight. Despite the scores of runes on the walls, the lack of variation amongst them made it impossible to tell how long we’d been walking.
“How far away are we from reaching the actual shelter?” Bairon asked, unable to hold in his impatience any longer.
“I’m not sure. It hasn’t been long since we arrived so be patient,” Virion replied.
Bairon’s eyes widened. “Not long? Commander, It feels like I’ve been walking for nearly the entire day! I think the journey to find this underground tunnel was shorter.”
“Bairon, aren’t you exaggerating too much? I’d hardly be this fine if we had to walk that long without using mana,” Virion argued.
I tilted my head in confusion. He was right; Bairon might’ve been exaggerating but it did feel like I had been walking for quite some time. Yet, Virion, the one that was the weakest amongst us was doing just fine.
Sylvie, how long have you been walking for? I asked, turning on Realmheart once more.
‘Not more than an hour... wait, a few hours has passed for you?’ she asked, surprised.

I nodded. Sylvie, can you try utilizing aether?
Reading my thoughts, she replied, ‘But I can’t use it to control time.’
I know. I don’t think you have to, though.

Taking a deep breath, Sylvie began calling upon the ambient aether. Her body began glowing in the faint purple light she gave off while using vivum to heal herself and her allies.
Immediately, the surreal sensation akin to falling in your dream tugged at my body. And then, as if I had really woken up, an indescribable clarity spread through my vision.
‘Arthur, look behind you,’ Sylvie said, shaken.
I looked back to see that our hike of varying length down this hallway had only taken us thirty steps forward from the cavern we had arrived in.
Noticing the change in my expression, Bairon turned around. I couldn’t see his face, but judging by how his shoulders tensed and he took a step back, I knew that he was even more shaken up than Sylvie and me.
“Th-That’s impossible. I’ve been walking for hours. How—what is going on?” Bairon demanded, turning back around and shifting gazes between me and Sylvie.
“My best guess is that these runes carry in them the power of aevum and spatium,” I explained, my eyes turning to the mysterious and intricate runes carved into the walls.
“Aevum and spatium?” Virion asked.
“Time and space aether arts,” Sylvie answered, her brows knitted in confusion.
Bairon shook his head. “No, that makes no sense! Shouldn’t these time and space ‘aether arts’ affect us all the same way? How is it that Commander Virion only felt like he’d walked for an hour while it feels like I’ve been journeying for more than a day!”
I thought for a moment, looking around until my eyes landed on the white medallion.
“Because of that.” I pointed to the ancient artifact in Virion’s hand. “This ‘trap’ seems more like a precaution used to give whoever built this place enough time to react to intruders, rather than a full-on measure to stop them. And I’m guessing that having the artifact is enough to make passage a little easier.”
“That doesn’t explain why you two weren’t affected,” Bairon retorted, obviously upset.

I looked at my bond. “Most likely, it’s because Sylvie is naturally inclined to aether that she experienced only minor effects. For me, I can only guess it’s because I’m sensitive to aether that I was still affected but not nearly as much as you.”
After a long moment of silence, Bairon accepted the answer with a click of his tongue.
“Come on. Let’s continue,” Virion urged. “With Lady Sylvie using aether, the effects of the time and space aether doesn’t seem to affect us.”
We continued walking cautiously with Sylvie in the lead as she continued utilizing aether.
My brain pounded against my skull as I tried to wrap my head around what exactly had happened. It was easy to deduce all of the things that I had said, but so many more questions popped up in my head.
How had the ancient mages succeeded in harnessing aether arts to such an extent that they could devise traps like this? Was the time and space manipulation isolated to each person individually, or were we in some contained area?
Were the Indrath Clan’s teachings about aether wrong? Did these ancient mages originate from the Indrath Clan—and like the Vritra Clan, flee from Epheotus due to a difference in beliefs? Or were these ancient mages actually lessers that had learned how to harness aether?
As my mind swam in these questions, I continued to look behind us to make sure we were actually making progress. Bairon did so as well, even more on edge than everybody else. After a while, something luminescent appeared in the distance. A bright glow that didn’t pulsate like the glowing runes around us grew larger as we approached it.
“Finally!” Bairon muttered from the back.
He wasn’t the only one relieved. With the hope of an end finally within sight, our strides became longer and our steps more confident until we finally reached the end of the corridor. The hallway opened into a massive cavern with an elegant coved ceiling carved from the natural stone and sanded down to perfection. Pillars, the width of at least three grown men linking arms, supported the huge underground structure. Bright orbs of warm light lining the walls exposed the awe-inspiring expanse in front of us.
On the one hand, it reminded me of the cavern systems that the dwarves had made for their underground cities, but at the same time, those crude structures couldn’t even begin to describe the splendor and architectural meticulousness of this place.
My eyes immediately took in the cavern large enough to hold a small town and the various tunnels that led out of the cavern. Running through the entire expanse was a large stream that glimmered, reflecting the lights of the cavern. There were several multileveled structures on either side of the stream and bridges that crossed the width of the stream at various points along the cavern.
What caught my attention, however, was the flickering light that I spotted in the second level of one of the buildings just by the stream.
Sylvie and I exchanged glances, understanding each other with just a thought. I turned back to Bairon, who was still taking in the sight in front of us, and Virion, who was catching his breath.
Without saying a word, I got their attention and pointed to the only building with a light. Virion and Bairon’s expression both grew fierce, all signs of fatigue replaced by a guarded grimace.
Being the strongest of the group, I took the lead as we descended the set of stairs leading to the ground. We weaved silently through the empty stone structures that seemed like a home.
I took a mental note for myself to explore these buildings later on if I had the chance to see if I could find any sort of clue on these ancient mages. However, our goal was to find out who had lit a fire this far below the ground in a secret location.
Arriving at the building, I could hear the quiet mutters of several voices but the windows were covered by glass and even with enhanced hearing, I could barely make out how many voices there were.
Gesturing everyone to lean in close, I whispered to them. “I hear at least three different voices, but assume there are more than that.”
After receiving a nod from Sylvie, Bairon and Virion, we circled the perimeter until we found the entrance to the building. There wasn’t a door so we inched closer, keeping our backs against the wall until we were just beside the opening that led into the building.
I held up five fingers and slowly counted down. Once my last finger fell, I pivoted to face the entrance with mana coiled around my body.
I had expected to meet a guard keeping watch, and I was right... mostly.
My eyes widened and my jaw fell. “Boo?!”





Chapter 240
Chapter 240: Reconciliation
The towering dark-brown bear fur, the tuft of white on the chest, along with two spots of white just above two intelligent eyes—it was unmistakable. This was Boo.
Boo must’ve been thinking the same thing I was, because the thousand-pound bear charged at me on all fours, letting out a happy grunt.
With unabated force, the gigantic mana beast tackled me, lifting me off my feet and tossing me to the ground. Looming over me, Boo revealed a toothy grin before slobbering me with his tongue that was actually larger than my face.
I struggled under the mana beast’s weight as he pinned me down to the ground and continued to show his affection. “Boo—Ack! Stop! Okay! Enough!”
“I think he’s had enough, Boo,” my bond said, her voice calming the excited beast enough for me to escape.
“I feel violated,” I groaned, wiping off the thick and slimy mask of saliva that had accumulated over my face. It wasn’t until halfway through that my brain clicked. If Boo was here...
I grabbed Boo’s large, furry head and turned him to face me.
“Boo! Is Ellie here? What about my mom?! How did you get here?” I asked, as if he could speak to me.
Fortunately, he didn’t have to. My questions were answered when I saw Virion rush past us in a blur.
“Tessia!” he called out, his voice brimming with emotion. My grip around Boo loosened at the mention of that name, and I immediately followed after Virion.
I didn’t have to go far before I was able to see four figures at the base of the stairs near the far wall of the building. It was my mom, sister, Tessia and... Elder Rinia.
My long and hurried strides slowed as my vision blurred. Tears struggled to break loose as I saw Tessia fall into Virion’s arms. The sight of Ellie running towards me was enough to break me and I found myself arm in arm with my baby sister, my face buried in her short brown hair.
My sister’s entire body shook as she bawled into my chest. Hitting me weakly with her tiny, trembling fists, she blubbered in between sobs about how scared she was and how I wasn’t there.
It felt like a cold hand was gripping down on my chest as I watched my sister in this state. I felt guilty for making my sister, who had grown up so bright and strong, cry this much.
“I’m so sorry, Ellie. I’m so sorry. I’m here now, everything is going to be okay,” I said, tightening my grip around her frail body and kissing her on the crown of her trembling head.

“W-We almost died and you weren’t there. Y-Y-You’re... never there! Not at the Castle, not at the Wall, not even when Dad died!” She wailed, her fists still pounding my body. “You’re my brother, you’re supposed to be there! You were supposed to comfort me when Dad died! I-I needed you... Mom needed you!”
“I’m sorry. I’m so sorry, Ellie,” I repeated, doing all I could to stay strong. “I’m so sorry...”
Ellie slowly calmed down as her head remained buried in my chest. Her trembling shoulders now only occasionally shook when she hiccupped. During this time, I didn’t look up. I kept my focus entirely on my sister until she pushed herself away. Staring at me with swollen red eyes, she jutted a finger behind her. “G-Go apologize to Mom now.”
I looked up to find our mother only a few steps away from us, her expression hollow and empty of any emotion. Her warm and tender smile that I found even in the hardest of times was nowhere to be found.
I walked up to her, unsure of what to do or where to begin.
“M-Mom...”
My mother’s cold eyes cut me off as she took a step forward. “Arthur, your sister and I almost died. If it wasn’t for Elder Rinia saving us, we wouldn’t be here right now.”
My gaze turned to Elder Rinia, who was talking with Tessia and Virion, before landing back on my mother. “I-I...”
“But throughout that entire situation, when I thought that surely we would die—soon, if not now—do you know what I was thinking?”
I shook my head.
“I was thinking...” My mother paused a moment, her mask of stone wavering. Tears welled in her eyes while she bit her lower lip in an effort to keep it from trembling. She turned away from me, quickly wiping away her tears, trying to compose herself before turning back. “I was thinking the entire time how sad and guilt-ridden your father must’ve been to leave this world without even getting the chance to make up with his only son.”
Her words weighed down on me like a thousand tons, making my knees buckle and my entire body falter. Just as I lost strength in my legs, my mother wrapped her arms around me and supported me against her chest.
Her trembling hands gripped me as she whispered. “It doesn’t matter who you were before. I raised you when you were little, I nursed you when you were sick, and I watched as you grew into the man you are today. Your father and I talked for a long time, and we can say with certainty that the Arthur now is so different from who he was when he was born, and that’s when we realized that you are our son.”
The strength left my feet, crumpling me to my knees. I gripped my chest as my breathing came out in strained gasps. I couldn’t breathe, I could only gag out the neverending sobs as my mother kept her arms around me.
“I’m so sorry that it took us so long to realize that. I’m so sorry that you couldn’t come to your own father’s funeral because of me. I’m so sorry, Arthur.”
***
It took a while for us to gather ourselves and get settled up on the second floor of the building. During this time, I noticed that the atmosphere was a bit tense between Tess and Elder Rinia.
The rest of us newcomers had picked up on this as well, exchanging wary glances at each other while Tess ignored any efforts by Elder Rinia to start a conversation.

Once we got upstairs, Elder Rinia pulled aside Virion with a grave expression and disappeared into another room. After some time spent talking with my mother and sister, I properly greeted Tess and the two of us embraced silently for a brief moment.
Tess, however, seemed to have something else on her mind and I didn’t blame her. While I didn’t have the courage to ask directly, just based on the hollow expression that Tess had, I suspected something had happened to her parents. As for why she was so angry at Elder Rinia, I could only speculate.

Tess, not long after we sat down, excused herself, telling us she was a bit tired. Bairon was next, telling us he wanted to spend some time meditating to recover.
I told him that because of the lack of the ambient mana here, it would be almost impossible to go further than trying to recoup the mana he would naturally gain from his mana core, but I suspected that he left more to give me and my family some space. While my impression of Bairon had never been good—and I think he could say the same for me—the lance had come a long way from the prideful hotheaded noble he was before the war.
Finding myself with just my family, I couldn’t help but crack a smile. Before today, I would’ve sworn that being in a situation like this would’ve rendered me catatonic, but it was... peaceful.
“You’re so pretty, Sylvie,” Ellie commented, combing my bond’s long wheat hair with her fingers.
“I think you’re very attractive yourself, Eleanor,” Sylvie responded in kind, her eyes closing softly at my sister’s soft touch.
“Another thing I regret was not spending much time getting to know your bond,” my mother said to me, watching Ellie and my bond by the fire. “But I’ve always been glad that Sylvie is by your side.”
“I’m glad as well. I’m not sure where I would be if it hadn’t been for her,” I replied.
My mother’s expression was a mixture of emotions as she looked at me and nodded.
A sharp ‘pop’ crackled from the firewood, interrupting the brief moment of silence. Unable to hold in my question any longer, I asked my mother, “How did you, Ellie, and Boo get here?”
She looked at me and then at the exit that Tessia and Bairon had left through, and shook her head. “I’ll let Elder Rinia tell you. It’s better that way.”
“Okay,” I responded. The four of us talked for a while, catching up, making light jokes and laughing, until my sister and even my mother began nodding off to sleep.
“Sorry, we hadn’t been able to sleep well these past few days,” my mother said, rubbing her eyes.
“Don’t worry. Get some sleep—both of you,” I said, turning to my sister.
The two of them retreated to a bed of blankets that had been laid out in a corner of the room.
“Good night,” Sylvie and I said to the both of them.

They responded in kind before laying down. I caught my sister lifting her head every now and then, checking to see if the two of us were still here, until the soft rhythmic breathing eventually melded together with the cackling fire.
I smiled, my eyes unable to pry themselves away from the sight of my mother and sister sleeping peacefully. A lot of unexpected events had occurred in the last few days alone, but one of the moments I had dreaded the most was confronting my family after everything that had happened to them. I was so caught up in blaming myself for my father’s death that I avoided Ellie and my mother out of guilt.
When I saw the two of them today, my mind immediately expected anger and blame from the two of them. Instead, I learned that my mother had blamed herself all this time. She said that her inability to properly deal with the secret of my past life had caused me to miss my own father’s funeral and she apologized for that.
The more I thought about it, the more I realized how...mature that was. Surely I was in the wrong as well. I was the one that avoided confrontation and I had been the one to keep it a secret from them for so long, yet she ignored my mistakes and pointed out her own shortcomings instead and asked me for forgiveness, which was something I wasn’t quite sure I deserved.
Even with the experience of two separate lives, I learned something today. I was once again humbled by the fact that while my past life had given me a lot of advantages, it was foolish of me to equate years lived to maturity.
‘It’s not like I didn’t tell you this a few times already. I guess you needed to arrive at that conclusion yourself,’ Sylvie sent to me, also conveying a mental eye-roll along with it. ‘Mark today on the calendar as the day Arthur Leywin realized he wasn’t the mature man he thought he was.’
Shut up, I sent back, smirking at my bond seated next to me. You’re just trying to use this fact to say that you’re more mature than I am.
‘I am more mature than you are, but a true mature person wouldn’t say it out loud,’ she replied, her lips curling into a smile as well.
You just said it out loud, I pointed out.
Sylvie looked at me with a raised brow. ‘Well technically...’
I playfully nudged my bond with a shoulder, feeling good for the first time in a long while. My sister and mother were alive and while we had a lot to work on if we wanted to be how we were in the past, the important thing was that they were safe.
Sylvie was the next to fall asleep, her head resting on my lap. The two horns jutting forward from her head dug into my legs but I sucked it up and let my bond get the sleep she deserved.
Staring at the fire in front of me, I became lost in thought. The thoughts that I had held off resurfaced. I had originally wanted to leave a bit after bringing Virion and Bairon here in order to look for Tess and my family. Seeing that they were here already, I immediately thought about the possibility of staying here for some time. There weren’t many supplies available here, but there was a stream of freshwater and I noticed a pile of large fish where Boo had made his nest on the lower floor of this building which I could guess came from the stream.
We might need to make a few trips to civilization eventually—maybe the Wall—but for now, I pondered at the thought of just... resting for a while.
I was tired, Virion was tired, and Bairon was tired whether he admitted it or not. During our trip here, we had all come to a silent agreement that we had lost this war. Coming to this realization didn’t warrant any mind-numbing revelation—maybe I was growing used to winning our battles but losing the war. Agrona utilized his limited resources to their utmost potential and didn’t hesitate to sacrifice his troops for a bigger plot. Dicathen had been only reacting, and Agrona knew that all too well. Like Virion said, maybe the best thing to do was buckle under and wait for a new chance to fight back.
My thoughts were interrupted by the soft footsteps approaching me. I turned around, greeting Elder Rinia with a nod.
The old diviner smiled back, wrinkles tugging at the edges of her eyes. Taking a seat next to me with a weary groan, she lifted her hands to warm them in front of the fire.
“You’ve grown older since the last time I saw you,” she mentioned, her eyes staring blankly at the dancing embers.
I chuckled quietly. “Well I am a growing teen.”
“No teen would be wearing the expression you have,” Elder Rinia scoffed. “But I guess that’s what comes with war and having so many responsibilities.”
My hands unconsciously stroked down my face as I wondered what sort of expression I wore, and what Rinia meant. Too tired to think deeply of it, I looked back, wondering why she had come back alone. “Where’s Virion?”
“He said he’ll check up on Tessia to see how she’s doing.”
There was a beat of silence as I gathered the courage to ask the question I knew she was dreading to answer by the look on her face. “Can you tell me everything that happened?”





Chapter 241
Chapter 241: Hope and Trust
There was a long silence that followed after I asked my question, and when she did speak, I expected a long and convoluted story of how she managed to get into the castle and save Tessia and my family.
Instead, she started off by saying something I didn’t expect. “Arthur, I knew of your identity the first time we had met, back when you came to me to get in contact with your parents.”
My eyes widened. “What? How?”
Rinia held up a finger. “These old eyes see much more than you can imagine. However, much like how I had feigned ignorance of your past life and kept it a secret, there are also parts of this story that I can’t quite reveal yet.”
I didn’t respond, letting her continue talking.
“I had known for a while now that an attack would occur at the Castle following the betrayal of Virion’s son.”
“Virion’s... You’re telling me right now that it was Alduin who was responsible for letting the scythe in? That’s not possible, you can’t seriously be saying that he was trying to get his own father killed, right?”
“My knowledge doesn’t extend to his intentions, but yes, he was the one that connected the scythe, as well as the rest of his forces, directly to the castle teleportation gate,” she answered.
My hand came up to my gaping mouth. I couldn’t believe it. Despite any disagreements the two of them had, Alduin had always looked up to Virion. After a moment, I spoke again.
“Was Alduin guaranteed the safety of Merial and Tessia? Was that why he betrayed everyone? But then...” I dropped my voice to a whisper so my sleeping family wouldn’t hear. “Why did they take my mother and sister?”
“That’s what Alduin believed, yes,” she said. “As for your family, it’s easy to surmise that they wanted your mother and sister as hostages.”
Rubbing my temples, I thought about what she said until it clicked. “Wait, you said ‘that’s what Alduin believed.’ What do you mean by that?”
Rinia smiled wearily at me. “We’re venturing into the area where I can’t give you an answer. All I can tell you is that if we want to keep any chance of taking back our country, we have to keep Tessia safe and far away from Agrona and the Alacryans.”
My head whipped toward the elven diviner. “Wait, so we do have a chance at taking back Dicathen?”
She nodded. “It’s slim, but it does exist.”
The two of us fell in silence until I spoke again. “If you knew about the attack on the Castle, did you also know that Buhnd was going to die?”
The fire in front of us popped, spraying a small shower of glowing red ashes at the ground.
“Yes,” she finally said. “But had I tried and diverted the entire attack, there was a much larger chance that Tessia would’ve been captured.”
I opened my mouth to say something, but I couldn’t quite get the right words.

“I know what you’re thinking, but I couldn’t risk the chance of Dicathen losing everything on the slim chance that I could save everyone.”
“But, if you knew everything beforehand, you could’ve made countermeasures. You could’ve told Virion, or told me!” I argued.
“Time doesn’t work that way. Changing things like that alters the course of the future... a future that I wouldn’t be able to see,” she said, her voice barely a whisper.
Gritting my teeth, I dug my fingers into the cement floor to try and calm down. I knew I was being selfish... if it wasn’t for Elder Rinia, Tessia and my family would’ve been in the hands of Agrona by now, but still...
“How were you able to save Tessia and my family though?” I asked.
“I was able to intercept them while they were on their way back to Elenoir,” she said nonchalantly.
I nodded at her answer but my mind spun trying to imagine a scenario where Rinia succeeded in doing this. How did she manage to pry Tessia and my family away from Alduin and Merial? Was it just Alduin and Merial there? Rinia specifically said that while Alduin believed that they were safe, they really weren’t. Most likely, after Alduin, Merial, Tessia and my family stepped through the portal, they would’ve been met with a trap.
Did Elder Rinia know everything that was going to happen? Were her diviner abilities able to influence time that well?
Time!
Without any warning, I directed a surge of killing intent over Elder Rinia, and just as I saw her react with an expression of surprise, I ignited Realmheart and immediately used Static Void.
The world around me turned monochrome except for the motes of purple trembling in place. But my eyes weren’t focused on the particles of aether around me; they were focused on Elder Rinia.
Her eyes regarded me in shock as she watched my eyes narrow in realization. She shifted her gaze to look around her before her eyes fell back on me.
“Clever,” she sighed.
“So you can utilize aether,” I muttered, seeing the specks of purple hovering around her, as if protecting her.
“You’re not an asura, I know that for sure,” I started. “Are you... one of the ancient mages?”
Despite the apparent strain that Elder Rinia endured, trying to keep her aether arts active, she let out a chuckle before answering. “No, I can tell you with absolute confidence that I am not an ancient mage.”
“Then who... what are you? Even I can’t control aether without relying on the dragon’s will an asura had given me.”
“While I’m not entirely sure, I believe that my diviner abilities stem partly from aether. As for how I learned, I’m sorry but I can’t tell you that.”
“I don’t think that’s a good enough answer anymore,” I challenged, staring intently at the elf shrouded in so much mystery.
“I can tell you—I can tell you everything. But Tessia and your family might die because of it,” she answered, her face turning more ghastly. “Please, have a little patience and I can assure you that you’ll find out for yourself.”
She wasn’t threatening me with my loved ones—no, she truly believed that her telling me all of this could lead to their deaths. Gnashing my teeth in frustration, I released Static Void, allowing Elder Rinia to release the aether arts she had used to keep her from being frozen in time.
She let out a ragged breath. “Thank you... for believing in me.”

“You saved Tessia and my family,” I said, taking a glance over to where my mother and Ellie were sleeping. “The least I can do is trust you—at least until you give me a reason not to.”
The two of us continued talking, albeit a bit more calmly this time. I asked every question I had. Some she answered, and some she didn’t, but I didn’t press her for details.
What I did find out was that there were teleportation gates here—several, in fact—that could only be utilized with control over aether. That’s how Elder Rinia was able to get here so quickly and without having to physically make a cross-continental journey with Tessia, my mother, and my sister in tow.

“You learned aether arts while I was more or less given the ability to borrow it at times. Tell me, is it something that I can learn as well?” I asked, trying to hold onto the sensation I had when I utilized aether on my own to injure the scythe.
“Yes, and no. Your ability to experience a taste of aether arts through your dragon will, as well as the fact that you can see aether gives you a great advantage. However, my advantage, compared to yours, is much greater. I had even discovered a location to train in aether arts with aether much more abundant than here. But even then... it took me eighty years to learn something you can do with a simple thought,” she explained.
My gaze dropped as I thought about spending eighty years, perhaps more, trying to grasp aether arts. Eighty years was a long time, and while my white core extended my lifetime, I couldn’t hope for the same thing for my mother or my sister. “I see.”
“It’s too early to lose hope. We’ll continue to gather forces slowly, and with you and Lady Sylvie here, we’ll have three people able to access the teleportation—” Elder Rinia stopped abruptly and I knew why. I turned my head back, brows furrowed at the erratic sound of footsteps drawing closer.
My sudden shift in emotions caused Sylvie to stir awake as well.
‘What’s going on?’ she sent, lifting her head off of my lap.
Virion is coming and... something’s wrong, I replied, standing up.
I sent out a pulse of wind mana, trying to sense whether anyone was chasing after Virion, but it was just him. It only took a few seconds for him to appear through the small hallway leading to the room we were in. The old commander was disheveled, tired, and had a look of panic.
“T-Tessia... ran away,” he huffed, catching his breath.
“What?” I blurted. “How did this happen? Where did she go?”
Elder Rinia cursed under her breath and grabbed my arm. “Tessia can’t leave this place, Arthur. There’s something wrong with her core, and if she leaves the protection this place provides, the Alacryans can track her.”
My eyes widened in horror. I turned to Virion. “What direction did she go?”
As soon as Virion lifted his finger, I shot off in that direction while immediately activating Static Void once more.
The color drained from the world as I bolted out the window. Igniting Realmheart to better search for mana fluctuations from Tess, I rushed forth.
My mana usage was limited while in Static Void because I couldn’t manipulate ambient mana, but seeing as there wasn’t much ambient mana in this underground town anyway, I figured Tessia couldn’t have gotten too far anyway.
With the limits of my spell slowly gripping down on my core, I endured until I eventually found traces of mana that had been used.
I was right. Tess had used magic to forcefully run away from Virion, who was still injured and unable to utilize most of his mana.
Following the trail into a different tunnel than I had come from, I spotted Tess. She was frozen in place, her eyes determined, her hair billowing... and drops of tears suspended in the air behind her.

I rushed past her a few feet to give her time to stop before withdrawing Static Void and Realmheart. The motes of purple and green faded while color rushed back into the world.
Tessia resumed running until she spotted me. After immediately skidding to a stop, she stared at me, eyes and mouth both frozen wide.
“How did you...” she started before she shook her head and her eyes narrowed. “I have to go, Art. I have to save my parents.”
I hadn’t thought about what to say to reason with Tess once I caught up. I didn’t even know what she was going to say, but I sure didn’t expect this. “Tess... your parents betrayed us.”
“Don’t say that—Don’t you dare say that!” she snapped, eyes glaring. “You don’t know anything!”
“What I know is that your parents colluded with Agrona, let in a scythe into the Castle and got almost everyone killed,” I said calmly.
“It’s not that simple,” she argued, hurriedly wiping away a tear. “They had no choice...”
“Tess... your father and mother basically sacrificed Virion—your own grandpa—for the hope that Agrona would leave Elenoir alone. Now please, come back with us. Let’s talk about our next steps and—”
“Stop. I know that you’ve disagreed with my parents while you participated in meetings with the Council, but don’t make them out to be so selfish like that. They had no choice!”
“You keep saying that, Tess, but they had plenty of choices,” I quipped. “They could’ve ignored Agrona’s offer and trusted in Virion to win this war.”
“Then I would be dead, Art!” she screamed. “Is that what you wanted?”
My brows furrowed in confusion. “Dead? Wh-What are you talking about?”
Tess marched forward until she was just inches away from me. “I would be dead. My parents had no choice but to accept the deal with Agrona because of the beast will that you gave me years back. Do you remember?”
My thoughts veered back to the elderwood guardian I had defeated. “No, that’s impossible. You only had problems assimilating with it. Once you managed to control it...”
“The beast will you gave me was from a corrupted beast,” Tessia interrupted, shedding tears. “A beast corrupted by Agrona. With that thing inside me, I was basically a living bomb that Agrona could detonate on a whim.”
My knees buckled and I faltered back, barely managing to keep my balance. “N-No...”
“So don’t you dare say that my parents betrayed all of us,” Tessia seethed. “They did it to save me, and even if everyone here won’t give them a chance, I will.”
‘Art! What happened, are you okay? I’m coming to you now,’ Sylvie transmitted, her worry leaking onto me.
No, it’s okay. Stay there while I try to convince Tess, I replied.
“Tess... I had no idea that this happened because of the beast will I gave you,” I muttered. “If I knew...”
She shook her head. “I know it’s not your fault, but I have to do something, Art.”
“I understand, Tess. But once you step out from this shelter, the Alacryans will be able to trace you. You’ll die.”
Tess gripped my shirt with trembling hands. “They’re my parents, Art. They did everything they could to save me.”
A flurry of emotions stirred inside me as I looked down at Tess: frustration, sadness, fear... and guilt. It was easy to feel responsible for what had happened, especially when I knew that something was wrong with the elderwood guardian. But because of the excitement of reaping the rewards from such a strong monster, rather than being cautious, I fed it to one of the people I cared most about in an attempt to keep her safe.
Mad at myself and the sick irony of it all, I pulled Tess away. “Is there nothing I can do to convince you to stay?”
“I’m sorry.” Tess bit her lip and steeled herself, looking at me with determined eyes.
I let out a sigh. “Then I’m coming with you.”





Chapter 242
Chapter 242: Two Loves
Tess’s eyes lit up. “Really? You’re coming with me?”
“But... you have to reconcile with Virion first,” I said sternly. “Whatever you argued about with him, remember that he didn’t just lose you back at the Castle, he lost his son.”
“I-I know. What they did was wrong, but they only did it—”
“To save you. Yeah, I know,” I finished. “Which is why if we’re going to save them and bring them back here, you’re going to want to be the bridge that’ll mend things between your grandfather and parents. You won’t be able to do that if you just leave like this.”
Tess opened her mouth, as if to argue, but simply let out a sigh. “You know, most girls don’t like guys who are always right like this.”
A smile tugged at the corner of my lips. “Do you want most girls to like me?”
Narrowing her eyes, Tess punched me in the arm before turning back towards our camp. “Come on. Let’s go back.”
***
“I’m sorry—I really am—but we can’t risk it,” Elder Rinia said resolutely. “Your mana core has been corrupted by the beast will inside you. If you leave—”
“But the potion cured me! That’s why my parents did all of that—so they could give it to me!” Tess argued.
“The potion that Agrona gave you, Tessia. You may be fine now, but we don’t know if that was a permanent solution or if it’ll only give you a period of respite. It’s too soon to tell and if something does happen to you on that journey and you’re taken by the Alacryans...”
“Why does it matter whether I’m taken by the Alacryans? How does my death affect the future of an entire continent?” Tess demanded.
“Tessia!” Virion snapped. “Don’t talk like that!”
“It’s true though,” she continued. “I’m not anywhere near as strong as the lances, nor am I influential enough to rally people together like either of you. Why does my death matter?”
I took a step forward when Sylvie put her hand in front of me.
‘Don’t, Arthur. It’s not our place to interfere. Not now,’ she sent, a wave of solemnness leaking from her.
As Tessia, Virion, and Elder Rinia continued to argue, I shifted my gaze to the others around us. Bairon was leaning against the far wall of the room by the door with his arms crossed. My sister had left the room some time ago with Boo while Mother quietly listened.
“So are you saying that I can’t even go find my own mother and father?” Tess asked quietly, her eyes brimming with tears.
Virion’s gaze softened as he grabbed his granddaughter’s hand. “We’ll bring them back. Just give me and Bairon some time to recover.”
After a long silence, Tess finally nodded in acceptance. “...I’m sorry, Grandpa.”
Virion pulled his granddaughter into his arms. “It’s okay, Little One. It’s okay.”
My mother walked over to us, gently patting Sylvie on her shoulder. My bond and my mother exchanged a warm smile before my mother’s gaze shifted to me. “Your sister is outside. You should go talk to her.”
After taking a quick glance at Tess to see how she was, I turned back to my mother. “Okay.”
As I turned to leave, I was grabbed by the wrist. I saw my mother’s eyes red and glistening.
“Mom? Is something wrong?”
She smiled at me and shook her head. “It’s nothing. I’m just glad you’re staying,” she said quietly, just barely enough for me to hear.
My mother let go of my wrist and waved me away with a smile, but my chest still tightened from guilt.
‘Go. I’ll watch over your mother,’ Sylvie comforted.

I passed by Bairon, who shot me a quick glance and nodded, before heading down the stairs to the ground floor.
Damn it.
I berated myself as I walked out of the building. It made sense in my head to go with Tess since my mother and sister were safe here, but I didn’t think about how they’d feel about me leaving.
Spotting my sister and her giant bond by the stream, I walked over. Boo was curled up into a furry ball, sleeping, while Ellie was throwing rocks into the stream.
“Mind if I join you?” I asked.
“Why? Aren’t you going to leave soon, anyway?” she asked bitterly.
I picked up a flat rock. “We decided not to go until Bairon and Virion are both fully healed.”
Ellie chucked another rock, making it splash into the calm water. “That’s too bad. You were probably looking forward to going off on your little romantic adventure with Tessia.”
“You know it’s not like that,” I said calmly, snapping my wrist as I tossed the flat rock. The two of us watched as the smooth stone skipped four, seven, ten times before it finally sank. “Bringing back Tess’s parents is something that has to be done.”
“Why?” my sister retorted. “Because your girlfriend wants you to?”
“Ellie,” I replied.
“Don’t ‘Ellie’ me!” my sister snapped, throwing the rock in her hand before turning to me. “I overheard Commander Virion talking to Tessia earlier. I know that the four of you almost died fighting that one scythe! And now you’re telling me that you’re going to go back there to bring back the elves who basically sold us all out?”
“It’s not that simple, you know that.”
“It sounds pretty simple to me,” she said sharply, looking down to search for another rock. “Our family—what’s left of it—barely got back together but you’re already eager to leave us.”
My insides knotted as I saw the drops of tears stain the rocks on the ground below her lowered head.
“I’m never eager to leave you guys.” I let out a sigh. “I’m one of the few mages powerful enough to turn the tide in this war, and one way to do that is by bringing back Tess’ parents. Only then will we be able to muster up the forces necessary to eventually take back Dicathen.”
My sister paused as she held onto a fist-sized rock on the ground, her face still covered by her hair.
I continued. “I love Tess. But you, Mom and Sylvie are my family.”
Boo let out a deep groan from the side.
“And you too, Boo. You’re family too,” I added, smiling as Ellie stifled a laugh. “I’d do anything to keep you all safe, and if that means I have to be away from you all to do it, that’s the price I have to pay.”
Ellie quickly wiped her tears before getting back up. She turned around and threw the stone in her hand. “I know. It’s just... I wish you were around more.”
I picked up another flat rock and threw it. “I wish I was too. More than anything. But I don’t want you and Mom living in an underground town below a desert for the rest of your lives, and to do that, I need to get off my butt.”
“I don’t mind it. I know Mom won’t wouldn’t mind it too,” she said, watching my rock skip on the water. “I know you’re doing this to keep us all safe, but it works both ways, you know.”
Ellie turned around, pouting with red eyes and flushed cheeks. “We just want you safe.”
I smiled. “Do you know what my dream is after this is all over?”
“What?”
“For us to live together in a huge house by the ocean. Me, you, Mom, Sylvie, Boo, and Tess.”
“Wait, why do you get to live with your girlfriend? What about my future boyfriend?” she protested.
I looked at her blankly. “You won’t have a boyfriend.”
“What? Why not?”

“Because if you do, I’ll get rid of him,” I said matter-of-factly.
“That’s not fair!” she huffed.

I shrugged. “Big brothers are never fair.”
Ellie puffed her cheeks for a moment before she broke out into laughter, causing me to laugh as well.
“Fine,” she relented. “But in exchange, you have to teach me how you do that.”
I raised a brow. “Do what?”
“That thing where the rock bounces on top of the water! Are you using magic?”
“I’m not using magic at all,” I said, skipping another rock.
Ellie tried as well, mimicking my motions and failing. “Lies. You’re totally using magic.”
“No, I’m not, just watch...”
Three days passed by in the blink of an eye. During this time, Tess came to terms with Virion and the two had made up. It was good to see everyone—except for Bairon—smiling and laughing in this dreary underground town.
When Virion and Bairon weren’t resting, they were meditating and trying to cycle mana throughout their body to hasten their recovery. It was a slow and arduous process for all of us to meditate in this place due to the absence of ambient mana.
Despite the disadvantages of having little to no ambient mana, this underground village built by the ancient mages had a large benefit for me and Sylvie.
“Happy training,” I teased, sitting cross-legged on the hard ground.
“It’s amazing how you haven’t gotten sick of this,” Sylvie said, sitting down across from me in the same hallway we had arrived from. “I’m making progress, but you’ve yet to even take a step forward. How are you not discouraged at all?”
I shrugged. “I’ve had things too easy up until now. Besides, if these damn ancient mages were able to learn it to this extent, I’m sure I’ll eventually get the hang of it.”
“Your optimism is leaking over to me,” Sylvie said, shuddering as she closed her eyes to concentrate.
Still seated, I ignited Realmheart. Color flushed away from the world, leaving only motes of purple either swaying rhythmically in the air or cluttered together on the walls to produce the soft light around us.
At the same time, my bond opened up her consciousness completely to me so I could sense every little thing she was doing. This was the training system that I had devised.
Both Elder Rinia and Sylvie had agreed that it was impossible for them to teach me how to use aether. While Elder Rinia was limited in what she could tell me, for my bond, it was more so that the act of using aether was too natural for her.
Just like how a bird didn’t need to be taught how to fly, Sylvie teaching me how to use aether was akin to a bird teaching a fish how to fly—me being that fish.
So, for these past few days, I had endured hours of watching and listening to my bond’s thoughts as she meditated and slowly grew her control over the aether arts as well.
But from what little I’d learned through this process, it felt like the aether was more or less teaching Sylvie; it was nothing like mana at all.
Shaping and controlling the power within my body had been ingrained in me since my previous life, while learning to utilize aether seemed as if it would be going against everything I had worked for.
What didn’t add up, however, was the fact that the ancient mages had managed to trap aether into these artifacts in order to light them up. The very nature of this was paradoxical to what my bond was doing.
Hours passed with no sign of progress to show for it. Frustrated and impatient, I once again walked back to our camp alone while my bond continued to strengthen herself.
On my way back, I stopped by one of the adjacent hallways where Elder Rinia was working.
“How’s the teleportation gate coming along?” I asked as I walked in on the old elf with glowing purple hands drawing what looked like runes on the inner mechanisms of the old portal she had used to bring Tess and my family here. “Maybe you should take a break.”
“I’m nearly finished! I think I should be done... in a few hours,” she said in between heavy breaths.

It was obvious that utilizing aether was taking a large toll on her body. “We need you to take care of your health, Elder Rinia. You look like you’ve aged another century since you got here.”
“If I wasn’t so tired, I’d take the effort to walk over to you and slap you, but... meh,” she said, not bothering to look at me. “Besides, Lady Sylvie has been helping me out a lot by providing me with the raw power to power this old thing up.”
It was still jarring to hear anyone, especially someone as old and distinguished as Elder Rinia, refer to my bond as ‘Lady Sylvie’.
“Should I call her over?” I asked.
“No, no. Just a last bit of tinkering with the runes to set the return point,” she replied, waving me away.
My curiosity getting the better of me, I stuck around for a bit, watching her draw runes in the empty center of the teleportation gate.
The rune was a complicated shape stemming from a center pentagon that branched out into sharp angles creating a rigid vortex-like pattern. I found myself following her hand movements as she carefully traced over the rune until the faint purple shape faded and spread out to the outer structure of the gate.
“You should get going. Tessia came by earlier. She was asking for you,” said Elder Rinia.
“Oh.” I scratched my head. “I wonder what she wants.”
After reminding the old elf not to overdo it one more time, I walked back, reaching the main base. Near the flowing stream that cut through the abandoned town with rows of empty buildings, I saw Ellie and Tess playing with each other. Tess was conjuring tiny orbs of water above the stream while Ellie shot them down by firing mana arrows from her bow.
I was about to call out to them when I had a better idea.
Just as Tess raised another sphere of water, I flicked my wrist, willing the orb to dash left. The glowing arrow of pure mana whizzed by, missing its mark entirely.
Hearing Tess exclaim in confusion made me snicker, but I continued to mess with my sister. I dodged Ellie’s arrows, maneuvering the orb of water with ease and even squirting a stream of water at her face, until finally my sister screamed out in frustration.
“We know it’s you, Brother! ” my sister yelled, stressing our relationship as if it were a curse.
“How were you not even able to land a single hit on it?” I laughed aloud, unable to hold it in.
Ellie fired a mana arrow directly at my face, but I continued laughing as I easily caught it in my hand.
“Ellie! Don’t fire arrows at your brother!” my mother’s voice echoed from the second floor of the building just behind Tess and my sister.
“Arthur started it!” Ellie retorted, pointing her finger at me.
Tess let out a chortle, covering her mouth while trying to stifle her laughter as my sister turned more red.
The three of us eventually headed inside. I continued to make fun of my sister as she, in turn, continued to throw fists and conjurations of pure mana at my face.
“Oh yeah, Elder Rinia mentioned that you were looking for me earlier?” I asked Tess while dodging and deflecting my baby sister’s attacks.
“O-Oh, uh, it was nothing. I just wanted to check in on how everyone was doing,” she said, quickening her pace to beat us up the stairs.
When we arrived upstairs, I could see a row of flame-grilled fish skewered on branches.
“Wow!” I said, my mouth already beginning to salivate.
“I managed to catch quite a few fish today,” my mother grinned proudly, tapping her flexed arm. “Eat up while I go bring Commander Virion and General Bairon back from their meditation.”
I immediately grabbed a skewer and took a bite, only to have a richly-seasoned flavor burst into my mouth. “How is this fish salted?” I asked amidst my chewing.
My mother turned back as she was leaving through the door. “Elder Rinia packed it in one of her dimension rings.”
“‘One of’?” Tess repeated, handing a skewer to Ellie before taking one for herself.
“Mhmm. Elder Rinia has at least eight dimension rings full of things necessary to live here. She’s even brought various seeds so that we can start growing our own fruits and vegetables down here,” my mother answered, smiling. “All of you will have to help out so we can start accommodating a lot more people here.”
Tess and I exchanged glances as both of us were no doubt wondering the same thing: how far back had Elder Rinia prepared for all of this?
It was almost impossible to tell how much time had passed without a sun above us, but eventually everyone had gathered back together. Bairon and Virion, while still incapacitated, were looking better everyday. Sylvie joined us for food as well while talking and smiling with Tess and Ellie. Elder Rinia had come back and, after a quick bite to eat, immediately fell asleep in her bed.
My mother had done a fantastic job of making the desolate building seem more homey. Most of us only got a blanket in order to save resources, but with the curtains set up in front of the doorways of each room and small decorative touches in each of them, this place didn’t seem as much of a refuge shelter anymore.
I found myself comfortable and happy as I drifted off to sleep. In a way, being here with the ones that I cared about the most—this was what I had hoped for. I wanted to quickly bring the Twin Horns down here as well; I knew my mother and sister would be happy at that.
I was eager to start the new day.
If only I knew what I would be waking up to.





Chapter 243
Chapter 243: On the Surface
TESSIA ERALITH
I looked back at the softly-lit corridor stretching back into the darkness before my gaze lowered to the white medallion in my hand.
“Sorry, Grandpa,” I muttered under my breath, clutching tightly onto the artifact. “I swear I’ll return this.”
I turned my back to the path I had come from and faced the ancient gate in front of me. Letting out a deep sigh, I prepared for whatever would happen once I crossed.
I was being rash and emotional. I knew that.
Even after what happened at my last battle in Elshire Forest, where General Aya had to rescue me, I still chose to do this. Even after how much I had berated myself—hated myself—I couldn’t sit still like this.
Grandpa had already killed off Mother and Father in his mind. No matter what he said, I knew that look he always had when I mentioned them. I knew what that look meant. To him, my parents were no longer family, but traitors.
Grandma Rinia wasn’t as bad, but I knew that she had given up on trying to save my parents. Just from overhearing the plans she and Virion made together with General Bairon on who to save, I knew that my parents were nowhere on that list.
But they didn’t know. They weren’t there like I was. They didn’t know how hard Mother’s hands trembled as she held onto my hand and pulled me away. They weren’t there to see Father with tears rolling down his face as we stepped through the portal.
Pulling the hood over my head, I steeled myself. Whatever anyone thought of my actions now, it didn’t matter. My parents deserved a chance, and if their own daughter won’t give that to them, who would?
My mind wandered and I thought of Arthur. I had been tempted to ask him to help me, but that was too selfish. I knew the dangers that this mission entailed and if anything happened to him because of me...
I’m dispensable, he isn’t.
Holding the medallion out in front of me, I walked through the glowing gate in front of me. The soft purple light undulated at the medallion’s touch and I felt a slight pull. Rather than resist the foreign sensation, I accepted it and stepped further into the gate until my entire body became immersed in soft purple.
Immediately, my body was pulled across a whirling funnel of light. It felt different from the normal teleportation gates, more... nauseating.
I stumbled out the other side on a paved ground, still a bit disoriented from the trip. It wasn’t long before someone yelled out, “Hey! Someone used the gate!”

Peeking up, I saw four Alacryans standing guard around the teleportation gate that I had crossed through.
“Get on your knees and take off your hood!” the guard to my right ordered, aiming a condensed sphere of wind in my direction. “Now!”
I dropped low and slammed my palm on the ground. Before the spells from the Alacryans could reach me, however, a thick gale of wind surged around me.
Keeping one hand on my head to keep the hood in place, I muttered another spell. I willed the protective barrier of wind to expand, pushing away the enemy mages caught off guard.
Using this brief window of opportunity, I dashed forward to the nearest alleyway a hundred feet north.
Orders were barked out to their allies further out, and soon another pair of Alacryans were coming at me from either side.
Keeping my hood down, I rushed towards the Alacryan to my left, shooting a blade of wind at him.
Almost immediately, an armor of ice enveloped his body, protecting his neck from the sharp crescent of wind that I had sent his way. My initial instinct was to be surprised and intimidated by the deviant mage before I reminded myself that the Alacryans used magic differently than we did. But a higher form of magic didn’t necessarily equate to a stronger mage in their case.
I focused on the opponent at hand. The ice-clad Alacryan had managed to defend my attack but the force of my wind blade managed to knock him off his feet. Before his companion could come to his aid while he stood back up, I sped up. The temptation to use my plant magic or beast will quickly grew—it would be so much easier to get away—but I resisted. Using deviant magic like that would be telling everyone that the former princess of Elenoir was here.
Conjuring a condensed surge of wind below my back foot, I propelled myself within arm’s length of the enemy. He brought up his longsword to block whatever attack he thought I would hit him with but instead, I grabbed his arm and used a classic overhead toss that my grandpa had taught me.
With the aid of wind magic, I tossed the Alacryan a few dozen feet in the air which opened up the path to the nearest alleyway.
“Don’t let him get away!” a voice screamed from afar.
Comforted by the fact that they thought I was a man, I sped forth and got away with another gust of wind aiding me.
I sped through the narrow passage. Buildings towered over me on either side, the road barely wide enough to allow two men to walk shoulder to shoulder. Despite how old the buildings and paved road were, not a single piece of trash sullied the alleyway.
Most of the human cities looked so similar to one another that it was hard to tell exactly where I was until I had a better view of the city as a whole, but I knew that I had at least arrived in one of the major cities of Sapin.
My eyes constantly scanned the road and even nearby rooftops in case an Alacryan was keeping track of my whereabouts from above. Taking a quick look at the sky confirmed that I hadn’t landed in Xyrus City. The clouds were well overhead and there was no translucent barrier that could be seen protecting the floating city.
After some time had passed and I carefully made my way towards one of the larger roads. I peeked out from the narrow passage I had wedged myself through to see that there were quite a lot of people still walking the streets.
Still, I kept out of sight and studied the pedestrians passing by just to make sure. While there were mostly adventurers and soldiers dressed in armor or protective leather, I spotted quite a bit of children and housewives that wore dirty aprons. Strangely, though, everyone seemed to be moving in the same direction.

They all have such lifeless expressions, I thought to myself, my chest knotting in guilt. It was stupid to feel responsible for everything happening, but a part of me still thought that maybe it was largely my fault for how the war turned out.
I shook my head, snapping myself out of the hole that I would dig myself into if I started this train of thought.

After wrapping the cloak tightly around me and making sure that most of my conspicuous hair color couldn’t be seen, I jumped out of the alleyway. Blending in with a horse-drawn carriage that passed close by, I walked in sync until a rather clustered group of pedestrians offered me a more natural veil to hide amongst.
A few gave me passing glances but because of my smaller physique, no one seemed to take too much notice.
“Do we really have to go?” a middle-aged woman a few feet ahead of me whispered to what looked like her husband.
The plump man answered in a hushed tone. “Those damn Alacryans are already beginning to chase people out of their homes. If we don’t go now, it’ll only make things worse.”
The woman looked at her husband as if she was about to say something but looked down. I could see her shoulders droop while she held tightly onto the hand of her daughter.
Confused, I continued following everyone until I spotted a few stands on the side of the street. Most were almost finished wrapping up their goods and putting down the tarps that hung over their stands, but I managed to find a clothing stand that had yet to be completely packed up.
In one quick motion I swiped a long leather cap and a matching mantle and pant set hanging on a rack.
“Hey! That’s...” the shopkeeper’s voice trailed off. Taking a quick peek back, I could see her looking wide-eyed at the few silver coins I had left on the table.
Sliding into another nearby side alley between an abandoned bakery and butcher shop with broken windows, I hurriedly changed my clothes with the ones I had just bought.
I tied up my hair and tucked it into the leather cap that ran down past my neck, making sure most of my silver hair couldn’t be seen. After putting on the mantle and pair of pants, I ran my fingers on the dirt ground and slid it messily across my face.
“This should be enough,” I muttered under my breath. I thought about maybe taking out the practice bow I had borrowed from Ellie to complete the adventurer’s ensemble, but I decided otherwise after noticing that no one was carrying their weapon.
I blended in with the tides of people all walking solemnly in the same direction. Despite how much more crowded it had become, there was still an eerie silence lingering.
“Excuse me. What is going on?” I deepened my voice and avoided eye contact with the man I had just asked.
The man ignored me and sped up.
I tried again, this time to an elderly woman, but was met with the same response until finally, a younger lady—just a bit older than me—finally responded.

“I-It’s over,” she choked back a sob. “Those invaders told us to move to Etistin centre if we didn’t want to be hunted down.”
“Hunted down?” I said quietly. “What about the Dicathen army stationed in Etistin?”
The woman’s pace quickened as she looked back nervously.
I followed after her, matching her pace, and asked again before answering in an even quieter voice. “They... left.”
“Left?” I said a bit louder than I had intended.
The woman’s eyes bulged like a startled stray and she zipped off, clutching tightly onto the drawstring bag in her arms.
I let out a deep breath as I tried to repress the frustration and anxiety building up inside me. Talking to that woman left me with more questions than answers and it seemed like everyone was too scared to talk.
Adjusting my leather cap, I walked on. The only way I’d get some answers was by going to Etistin. Judging by the fact that we were moving away from the Grand Mountains, we were going west.
I must’ve crossed through the eastern gate of Etistin, which makes sense seeing that it’s the least used teleportation gate and the furthest one from the castle. Elder Rinia must’ve set it to come to this one in order to smuggle some of the key figures she had written down on that list.
The more I continued walking, the denser the crowd around me became. It got to the point where we all had to shuffle forward, our shoulders pressed against each other. The cries of children could be heard over the nervous shushing made from their parents.
The tall ornate buildings making up the inner portions of the capital city of Etistin blocked the view of the city centre, but it was just before then that I spotted Alacyans.
They weren’t any different from the humans of Sapin, but they all wore the same gray and black uniformed streaked with blood-red. They were also the only ones with weapons and they used them to herd the people up ahead into the pathway leading into the city centre.
That’s when I heard it. The first scream.
That was only the beginning—that first scream triggered more as the crowd in front reached the open area of the city’s square.
I pushed ahead through the crowd, trying to squeeze my way toward the front. I was in the middle of the dense line of people squeezing into the open area that was once the hub of commerce and trade.
As I got closer, I noticed the change in the air—from fear and worry to despair.
I could make out the more subtle reactions now alongside the screams that resounded. I could make out the gasps and groans and even the quiet sobs from the people up ahead.
As I got even closer, I could see the people: a broad man pointing a trembling finger to my right; a woman with both hands covering her mouth, eyes wide and tears flowing freely; another man with a hardened fixed expression, looking the other way.
That’s when I reached the front.
I turned my head to face the sight that everyone was reacting so strongly towards, not caring about the Alacryans nearby.
And I finally saw it. My gut clenched and a lump in my throat threatened to suffocate me as I saw the four figures.
Two men, two women, with black spikes pierced through their bodies high up in the air for all to see.
Two were the leaders of this kingdom, and the other two were... my parents.





Chapter 244
Chapter 244: Day of Rebirth
I stumbled back, barely able to stay on my feet. My breathing quickened to the point that my head spun. Everything was blurred out of focus except for my parents—the one sight that I couldn’t bear to watch.
But my eyes remained glued to their corpses hanging in the air with a black spike jutting through their backs. Their arms and legs hung limply high up in the sky as blood trailed down the spikes that scaled over three stories high, dying them in crimson.
The worst part, though, was the fact that I could see their expressions. Their eyes were wide and bulging, while their mouths hung open. It wasn’t just my parents, it was the king and queen of Sapin as well. They had all been positioned for everyone arriving to clearly see the pain that they had been in before their deaths.
Blood rushed to my head, pounding against my ears, and I felt power leak from my mana core. The primal strength that I knew all too well as the elderwood guardian’s beast will threatened to break free and wreak havoc on the Alacryans here.
Control yourself, Tessia, I begged to myself. It took every ounce of strength left in my body to resist the beast’s tantalizing power.
Despite how everything turned out, my parents took me away believing that they were keeping me safe, and for that very fact alone, I needed to make sure that I didn’t throw their efforts... and lives away in vain.
A sob reached my throat and I couldn’t bear it any longer. Falling to my knees, I wept quietly amidst the crowd, mourning for different reasons. To most of the people here, they cried because their deaths meant that Dicathen had lost. They cried because their deaths meant grim futures filled with hardships and uncertainties.
For me...I cried for my parents—I cried for all of the things I couldn’t do with them, for all of the things I said to them, and all of the things I couldn’t say to them.
“Citizens of Dicathen,” a soft, honeyed voice rang. Despite how loud it had been, the crowd quieted. On the top of a stone pillar that had just been conjured stood a woman donning the gray and red military uniform of Alacrya. Her red hair billowed like a dancing flame as she looked down at us with her hands clasped in front of her.
I found myself waiting for the next words of the female Alacryan, curious as to what she’d say.
The Alacryan spoke again with her alluring voice. “Your kings have passed, your armies are fleeing, and your most powerful warriors are in hiding. The Castle is ours, Xyrus City and Elenoir City...are ours, and now, Etistin City is ours. But do not fret, for we did not come here as pillagers.”
There was a still silence as everyone waited for her next words. Finally she spoke, making a subtle but welcoming gesture with her arms slightly raised.
“We came here as agents of something greater—of someone greater. Mighty asuras, the deities that you have worshipped all this time, thinking—believing—that they are watching over you. Those days are no longer. The alacryans have won this war, not by our own power. We won because our sovereign is no lowly human or elf like the ones you see here.” Her voice quieted, but somehow her words could be heard even more clearly than before. “We won because our sovereign is an asura. Our victory was the will of a deity himself.”
Murmurs could be heard throughout the large crowd, but the Alacryans didn’t stop it. They let the chatter and hesitance amongst the crowd grow until finally the woman on the pedestal let out a sigh.
She only let out a sigh, but I could hear it as if she were next to me in a quiet room.

She used earth magic to raise that stone pillar, and she’s been manipulating sound to spread her voice. How powerful is she? I couldn’t help but doubt what I had learned. In the face of someone capable of not only manipulating multiple elements, but also being a deviant like myself, I began to wonder how many mages as powerful as this person, or even more, existed amongst the Alacryans.
“Your disbelief is reasonable, and what I say or do here will only fan the flames of doubt growing within you. This is nature, and this is why we had to do what we did. Because of stubbornness, because of pride, because of greed, and because of doubt, peace can only be achieved through war,” she said solemnly. “You may feel like prisoners of a defeated country now, but I assure you that as time passes you all will feel like a part of something bigger, a citizen of a godly kingdom.”
“My name is Lyra Dreide. Today, I have stood above you as victor of this war, but I pray that the next time we meet, it will be as equals, and as friends.”
The Alacryan’s words lingered like a sweet candy after medicine. She didn’t just stop there; she then raised the stone pillar even higher and gently pulled the bodies of my parents and the king and queen of Sapin from the black spikes.
After setting them down one by one on the ground, she created a pit around their bodies before conjuring a flame in her hand.
“Our sovereign has decreed today, the twenty-fith sundown of Spring, as the day of rebirth.” In a single motion, she lit the pit on fire.
I pressed my hands over my mouth, physically restraining myself from screaming as I watched the flames burn higher. The thought of not even being able to properly send off my parents clawed at my insides making it harder to control my raging beast will.
“This is not a time for mourning and reflection of the past. Today is the start of a—”
The Alacryan’s speech was cut short.
It was then that I felt the subtle shift in the air.
My hair stood on its end, and I could feel the primal instincts of the elderwood guardian inside me tremble. Every fiber of my body told me I should get out of here.
I watched the bright flames dance in the pit as if mocking me. Rage and indignation bubbled in the pit of my stomach but I knew it was too late.
Biting my lower lip, I took one last look at the Alacryan named Lyra Dreide. I knew she wasn’t the one responsible for those black spikes that had killed Kathyln’s and my parents, but I wouldn’t forget her.
I found the Alacryan talking to a figure that wasn’t there before. With short black hair and a rather thin body frame, I swore I recognized him but he had his back turned toward me. Regardless, my body screamed at me to run away the moment my gaze turned toward the familiar man, and with how much was at stake, I followed my instincts.
Staying low, I weaved through the forlorn crowd, burying my own feelings from getting in my way. Wiping the tears from my face, I headed towards the buildings in the hopes that I’d be able to squeeze through the alleyway to escape.
There were two Alacryan soldiers guarding the path that I had come from. It would’ve been smarter to wait for at least one of them to leave, but behind me, I could feel the threatening presence growing closer.
Barely able to think over the sound of my own heart trying to break out of my ribcage, I ran past the Alacryan guards, blasting both with a gale of wind.

However, unlike the guards I had first met upon arriving through the gate, these Alacryans seemed ready.
The female guard to my right repelled my attack with her own blast of wind while the male guard to my left had managed to anchor himself to the ground, his entire body covered in reptilian scales made of stone.
The earth mage swung his arms, launching a barrage of the stone scales covering his body while the female guard sent a gale of wind from above, pushing me down to my knees.

With no choice and little time, I ignited my beast will and shrouded myself in the protective green aura of the elderwood guardian.
The stone scales were repelled and the wind had become manageable. Conjuring a translucent vine of mana in either direction, I killed the wind mage and injured the earth mage before running off.
Despite my victory, the dread in my heart grew. The threatening presence that made me fear for my life followed behind me like a shadow even as I reached the outskirts of the city. My first plan had been to try and make it back to the gate that I had crossed from, but even from a distance I could already see Alacryans heavily guarding all three gates of Etistin.
“Damn it,” I cursed under my breath. I leaped off from the building I was on top of and made my way towards the southwestern border of Etistin.
The closest city with a teleportation gate was Telmore city, which was just off the western coast. If I could make it there and use the medallion, I could still make it back to the refuge shelter. What worried me, however, was that the Alacryans would expect this.
With that in mind, I didn’t go directly to Telmore, but made my way toward the shore that the last major battle had occurred in. From what I’ve heard, General Varay had managed to build a massive field of ice off of the Etistin bay shore. This was the battle that both General Varay and Arthur had participated in. I wanted to see the spectacle for myself, and hopefully find some help.
After hours of nonstop running with wind magic through hills and dense arrays of trees, the sky had turned a deep orange from the setting sun. I knew I wasn’t too far from the coast, but I needed to rest.
I’ll head to the coast in a few hours and see if there are still any Dicathen soldiers still in the area. I didn’t believe the Alacryan named Lyra. There had to be soldiers on our side still fighting out there.
My mana-enhanced senses picked up on the slightest movement, making me stop mid-step. I knew as soon as I did that, that I had made a mistake. I shouldn’t have made it known that I could sense someone.
“Get on your knees and show your back.” a clear and authoritative voice rang from my right.
I immediately got on my knees and lifted up the bottom of my tunic to reveal my lower and mid-back.
“Clear,” a deep voice grunted from behind me.
Suddenly, a figure walked slowly into my line of sight, her hands held over her head in a sign of peace. She was thin and a head shorter than me, but her weathered face and toned body told me not to judge too quickly. Her expression was knitted into a suspicious scowl as she studied me.

After taking another few steps, she turned around slowly and removed her leather vest and lifted her shirt, revealing a tanned but otherwise clear back without the markings that Alacryan mages had.
She turned back around but kept her distance.
“Nod for yes, shake for no. Are you alone?” she asked quietly, her gaze constantly flitting left and right.
I nodded.
“Okay,” she replied, walking closer and stretching out her hand. “I am—was the head of the third vanguard unit. You can call me Madam Astera. What is your name?”
Looking around uncomfortably, I leaned in close and whispered. “Tessia Eralith.”
Madam Astera, who looked a few years older than my mother, flinched and she looked at me carefully before her eyes widened.
It only took a second for her to regain her composure and send me a nod. “We’ll talk later.”
With a quick gesture of her hand, I could hear several pairs of feet shuffling closer until her entire group joined us.
“We’re going back to our base,” she said, her voice barely above a whisper.
The rest nodded and I found myself trailing right behind Madam Astera.
“Are you all Dicathen soldiers?” I asked, catching up to her.
She nodded in reply, her head constantly moving, watching out for something amiss.
“How many of you are there?” I continued, making sure to keep my voice low.
Madam Astera shot me a cold glance. “You’ll see soon enough, Princess. For now we need to keep moving.”
I bit my lip, frustrated at her lack of proper response. “I’m on my way down to Telmore City. If we can rally up more soldiers from the battle of Etistin bay shore, then I can take—”
“Rally?” Madam Astera cut off, her gaze sharper than a dagger. She let out a sigh and held up a hand above her head.
The other Dicathians around us stopped in their position, most hidden behind trees, some crouched in shrubs and hollow logs.
“Follow me,” she muttered, climbing the steep hill that we had been at the base of.
I followed after her, using the jutting roots and rocks as footholds. Madam Astera got to the top first and I saw her looking out, her expression solemn. Finally reaching the top, my eyes looked up, taking in the sight of the setting sun. It was when my gaze dropped further down that I felt the blood drain from my face. From the twisting knot in my stomach to my trembling knees on the verge of collapsing, my entire body reacted to the sight as a sharp gasp escaped my throat.
Out on the Etistin bay shore, where one of the last large-scale battles had occurred, the icefield that I could only assume had once been white, had been turned into a traumatic scene.
Blood—so much blood—dyed the ice varying shades of red, from light pink, all the way to a deep maroon where I could see scores of corpses. Scattered amidst the field of red were eerily dark flames that looked more like smoke, and the same obsidian spikes that had killed my parents.
“Princess. You asked if we could rally more soldiers...” Madam Astera breathed. “I don’t think there are any more soldiers to rally. At least not here.”





Chapter 245
Chapter 245: Walking Catastrophe
“She really is a princess,” the balding bear of a man named Herrick muttered in a deep voice as he studied me intently.
“You’re making her uncomfortable you big oaf,” the girl called Nyphia berated.
“Sorry... I’ve just never seen a real princess before,” Herrick mumbled.
I held back a smile as I watched the two bicker before my eyes shifted to Madam Astera. She was talking to a thinner man—not much older than me—huddled over, hugging his knees as his entire body trembled. Jast had been here since we arrived, and judging by the condition he was in, I knew why; the guy was a mess.
Jast hadn’t said a word since we arrived, only muttering a string of incoherent words as he rocked back and forth.
“He had it the worst,” Nyphia commented, her steeled expression softening as she watched him. “He watched his entire unit slaughter each other in front of him.”
“Slaughter...each other?” I echoed, horrified.
Nyphia leaned close and whispered, “Yup. Even the girl we all knew he was ‘secretly’ dating.”
“Nyphia,” Madam Astera said, her voice sharp.
At the mention of her name, Nyphia’s body stiffened. “My apologies, Madam Astera.”
I watched as Nyphia scooted back over to where she was normally sitting. I found myself staring at her and Herrick, their bodies barely visible over the dim light artifact between us. While not as blatantly obvious as Jast’s state of mind, both Herrick and Nyphia were riddled with injuries.
Most notably, Herrick was missing his left hand, and by the blood spreading even over the thick bandages wrapped around his wrist, I could tell that the wound was fairly recent. Nyphia didn’t seem to have any injuries aside from the bloody gash running down the side of her face, but every time she moved her body, she would wince ever so slightly.
I felt a knot in my chest looking at them. On one hand, I pitied the state they were in, but on the other hand, I admired the fact that they were still able to smile despite their situation.
After Jast had fallen asleep with his head buried in his knees, Madam Astera walked over to the back of the cave where we were sitting around a dim light artifact.
She sat across from me, her gaze boring holes into my very soul. Both Nyphia and Herrick had stopped talking and it seemed like minutes until Madam Astera spoke again, and when she did, it wasn’t what I had expected her to say.
“F*ck!” she cursed, pounding the hard ground with her fist.
Nyphia, Herrick, and I were all taken aback by her sudden outburst. Combing back her bangs with her fingers, she stared at me and let out a sigh. “It doesn’t bode well to see you out here, Princess.”
That’s when I realized the reason for her outburst. I wasn’t hurt, but I was running away in disguise. My very presence all the way out here meant that something was very wrong, and she couldn’t have been more right.
I nodded. “You’re right, it doesn’t. But before I explain the situation out there, can you tell me what happened? To my knowledge, we were winning the battle at the Etistin bay shore.”

“We were and we weren’t,” she said cryptically. “My knowledge is filled with gaps since my unit was positioned towards the outskirts of the battle, but I’ll explain to the best of my abilities.”
And so, she told me what had happened while the rest of us silently listened.
The Bloodfrost Battle is what the soldiers had dubbed the massacre that occurred at the Etistin bay shore. During the time General Varay and Arthur were there, the battle was one-sided—Alacrya didn’t seem to have a chance. But as the battle progressed, it became more and more obvious that something was off.
The enemy soldiers threw themselves into battle without formation, fled or even begged for their lives, and sometimes, they’d even see soldiers sacrifice their comrades to save themselves.
Despite all of this, the higher ups continued the order to push forward. They wanted to take over the Alacryan ships docked at the other end of the ice field.
It was on the third day that the situation flipped. Madam Astera couldn’t tell me exactly how it had started, but it was when the new vanguard line that was supposed to relieve the current frontline’s position didn’t arrive that the soldiers knew something was wrong.
Then, Alacryan soldiers—actual soldiers in formation and tight teams that clearly knew what they were doing—came from behind. The majority of the Dicathen forces that were on the field were now suddenly pincered, and everyone could see the battle occurring above us in the sky.
General Varay was fighting an enemy capable of holding his own against the strongest lance. The Dicathen forces held strong though, and the reserves that had been fighting against the real Alacryan soldiers were slowly regaining their footing after their initial surprise.
Despite the major setback, once Lance Mica joined the battle, the Dicathians were hopeful to come out of this battle victorious... that was, until that man arrived.
Madam Astera’s expression darkened as she continued speaking, both Nyphia and Herrick trembling just at the mention of that person.
With the arrival of this new figure, the already-bloody battle had turned into a scene of hell. Scores of obsidian spikes shot out from the ground, skewering allies and enemies alike. Clouds of murky gray mist slowly spread, rendering affected troops into deranged monsters that attacked our own. But the worst were the black flames enveloping entire units of soldiers and growing larger despite the entire ground made of ice. In its wake laid only blood and soot.
It was just one man, but it was more accurate to call him a walking catastrophe. It only took several hours for the battle to be rendered into a graveyard.
“H-How did you guys survive that?” I asked, my voice coming out hoarse and shaken.
“Because the black fires, spikes, and smoke weren’t aimed but just spread randomly, Dicathians and Alacryans alike were affected. Those that hadn’t died from that deadly magic were able to escape since even the Alacryans were in a state of chaos,” Madam Astera explained, her gaze falling on where Herrick and Nyphia were. “There are definitely other survivors hiding out here if they hadn’t already gotten caught and captured, which is why we’ve been going on these runs—we’ve been trying to find more allies.”
“We found Jast as he was getting attacked and saved him yesterday,” she continued, taking a quick glance back at the sleeping teen curled into a ball before turning to us. “These two are what’s left of my unit, but there are a few more out there who were there when we first found you. We’ve worked out a system where one group comes back while the other circles around just in case we’re followed.”
I nodded, unable to come up with any sort of reply appropriate for this situation.
“How are your supplies looking?” I asked after a long pause.
“We can split the rations for four more days at the maximum between us five and the other three that’ll be here soon,” she said. “Besides sustenance, however, we have nothing. The emergency medical kit I was carrying in my dimension ring was used to patch up Herrick’s injury.”
At the reminder of his wound, the large soldier dipped his head, looking at the stump where his left hand used to be.
“Now, Princess. Tell us the situation out there. Is the war over? Have we lost?” Madam Astera asked, her large piercing eyes focused on me.
I shifted my gaze to Herrick and Nyphia; the two of them were staring back intently, hopeful—desperate.
I sat up and kept my expression stern and confident. “We lost this war, but it isn’t over.”

“Please elaborate,” Madam Astera insisted, leaning in closer.
And so, I showed them the medallion and told them about the refuge shelter that not even the Alacryans would be able to find, let alone break into. I told them that Commander Virion and General Bairon were both there, along with General Arthur, a powerful diviner, and even an emitter. I told them about how the diviner had prepared supplies in advance and that all the necessary components are there to sustain hundreds, if not thousands, of people.

But by the end of my hope-filled message, the three of them stared back at me with looks of indignation.
“So the outcome of this entire war had been predicted? We were doomed to lose from the start?” Nyphia muttered, horrified.
My heartbeat quickened. “What? N-No! I mean—”
“Did the Commander, General Arthur, and General Bairon run away from this battle to save themselves?” Madam Astera asked, her voice seething with controlled rage.
“Of course not! They had been attacked by a scythe at the Castle. They barely made it out of there alive,” I reasoned, not expecting this sort of reaction.
Madam Astera’s head sunk as she buried her face in her hands. Her shoulders bobbed up and down as she took deep breaths, until finally she looked back up with a hardened gaze.
“Last question, and please answer honestly,” she said, sending a chill down my spine. “Did they know?”
My brows furrowed. “Excuse me?”
“Commander Virion. General Arthur. General Bairon. Did these three people know what was going to happen here?”
“No!” I snapped. “No one but Elder Rinia, the diviner, knew! No one was more angry than those three for not being told about all of this. They blame themselves more than anyone for how this war ended, but they’re still there because they know it’s the only chance we have in taking back Dicathen!”
After long minutes of tortured silence, Madam Astera let out a breath. “I understand. So what’s the plan? Did you travel here because the diviner knew our location?”
I bit my lip, unable to answer. It was the opposite...I had snuck out here alone on this selfish quest to bring back my parents, only to fail and be chased away and found by Madam Astera’s group.
“I’ve come to find Dicathians and bring as many as I can back with me to the refuge shelter,” I lied.
The only consolation was seeing Herrick and Nyphia smile at each other, excited at the fact that they’d be safe once they were there. Even Jast raised his head, his gaze sober and hopeful.
Madam Astera nodded but I couldn’t read her expression. Regardless, they had agreed to go with me to Telmore City, where we’d either sneak in or fight our way to the teleportation gate there. All we had to do was wait for the rest of Madam Astera’s group to arrive.
An hour trickled by as we waited impatiently for more people to come, but no one did.
“They shouldn’t be out there for this long,” Madam Astera growled as she paced back and forth inside the cave. “I’ll go take a look alone. Stay here.”
“Wait,” I called out. “It’ll take too long if you go out and search for them by yourself, then come back. We travelled north to get here from where we were all at, if we go together and meet up with the rest of the group further down, it’ll be en route to Telmore City.”

“It will shave off at least half a day, depending on how fast we’re able to locate them,” Nyphia chimed in.
“I don’t like it, but you’re right. Princess, do you have any experience in tracking or scouting?” Madam Astera asked.
“I’ve had some training from my previous teacher on using wind magic for scouting but my actual experience is minimal,” I responded, tightening my leather boots.
“So you specialize in wind, good. That’ll be useful out there,” she replied, turning to Jast. “How do you feel? You had another one of your episodes again.”
The boy named Jast stood up slowly, slinging a sack over his shoulder. “I’m a bit better now. Thank you Madam Astera.”
“Then let’s get moving,” the leader said curtly.
We left the cave through the small entrance we had covered in foliage; from the outside, the little hideout was nothing more than a slope at the base of a hill.
Staying low and several yards apart from each other, we made our way south through the forest. The forest here weren’t nearly as dense or lush as the Elshire Forest—even the wildlife was scarce and timid.
I missed home, more than I ever did in the past. I had spent years in Sapin while I was at school, but the fact that I might not even have a home to go back to now really hit me.
Even if the castle that I grew up in was still there, what was the point? My parents were gone.
No. Not now, Tess. I swallowed and took a deep breath. I didn’t have the chance to properly mourn for my parents despite seeing their corpses put on display to send a message. Now, even their bodies were gone.
I took another breath, trying to calm myself. There would be a time to grieve once we’re all safe. For now, I needed to focus on getting everyone back to the shelter.
Distracting myself from my own thoughts by searching for the missing members of Madam Astera’s group, we continued backtracking our route.
I wasn’t sure how much time had passed, but suddenly, Madam Astera let out a trilling whistle like a bird. This was her signal for all of us to stop and lay low.
It only took me a few seconds to catch on to what the leader had seen and heard—just a few yards southeast from our position was the shuffling of shrubs and snapping of twigs. It was too large to be a rodent or hare, and it seemed too clumsy to be a deer.
We waited for Madam Astera to slowly stalk whatever was there, barely catching the reflection of her thin sword. She moved with ease, as if gliding through the trees and foliage as her presence was barely detectable even as I was watching her.
Despite the situation we were in, I couldn’t help but admire her prowess. She would be a powerful ally that could help smuggle away more people away from the Alacryans once she got settled.
I continued waiting—observing—my entire body tensed, as Madam Astera was almost upon the thing, when she jolted to a stop and gestured for us to come.
With a sigh of relief, we all hurried over to where she was, only to see her crouched over a figure I couldn’t quite make out.
Getting closer, my eyes widened at the sight of the injured soldier. He was a mess with his armor and clothes basically dyed with his own blood.
Beside me, Nyphia let out a gasp. “That’s Abath.”
She ran towards the injured man and I followed until I got close enough to hear the last part of what he was saying. “...was killed...a boy.”
Before I could even get the chance to interpret what he had said, my beast will suddenly ignited and every fiber in my body stiffened.
It was as if a heavy blanket of this carnal and unabated bloodlust had fallen over me. I was barely able to remain on my feet. Both Herrick and Nyphia fell on their knees, trembling while Jast had curled up into a fetal position, shaking violently.
Desperate, I turned to Madam Astera, only to see her staring behind me, wide-eyed, and lips trembling as she muttered, “Y-You...in the battle.”
I knew—my entire body knew—that unlike at the city center, it was too late to run away this time. Willing myself to turn around, I saw a person that I hadn’t seen in years. A person that I thought had died and had almost forgotten, but a person that couldn’t be more familiar.
His name escaped my lips as I stared at him. “E-Elijah?”





Chapter 246
Chapter 246: Dear Old Friend
Even as I said his name and knew who he was, Elijah had changed tremendously. Aside from the fact that he was now a head taller than me with skin as pale as alabaster, his short jet-black hair and sharp eyes made him look almost completely different.
Elijah let out a chuckle, his gaze fixed on me. “Long time no see, Tess. How’s Arthur doing?”
I shuddered as a sharp chill ran down my spine. Elijah and I had gone to school together—he was Art’s best friend. So why were his words so threatening?
“He’s doing fine,” I mustered, trying to stand taller as the pressure Elijah gave off continued to weigh down on me.
“Of course he’s doing fine. That fool has been as resilient as a cockroach for as long as I’ve known him.”
My brows furrowed at the unfamiliar word. “Cock...roach?”
“Guess you wouldn’t know yet,” he smiled, taking a step closer to me. “Come. Let’s go.”
“Go? Where?” I asked, my heartbeat quickening. “Elijah, what happened?”
Elijah flinched slightly at the mention of his name. “I’ll explain on the way. For now, it’d be best if you come with me.”
“Don’t!” a voice croaked from behind. I looked back to see Madam Astera back on her feet, her sword in hand.
“Impressive that you can talk despite the pressure I’ve put on you especially,” Elijah said. “But I advise you not to speak again.”
Madam Astera raised her sword, hands trembling. “H-He’s the...one...battlefield.”
I barely had time to think when I sensed danger. The instincts embedded into me through assimilation with my beast will caused me to tackle Madam Astera.
Glancing back to where she was standing before, there was an all-too-familiar black spike, jutting from the ground with blood dripping from its point.
Madam Astera groaned in pain, but my eyes remained glued to Elijah. “Y-You? How...”
We were told that the only ones able to conjure those black spikes were some of the scythes and their retainers. So why—how—was Elijah able to use it?
“A-Are you with the Alacryans?” I asked.
Elijah’s expression turned serious. “The Alacryans and I both have something we want to get out of this war. That is it.”
Realization dawned on me. “It was you—you were at Etistin. W-Were you the one that...”
Elijah took another step toward us. “Step away from the woman, Tessia.”
“I refuse,” I said through gritted teeth.
“G-Get out of here, Princess. It seems he can’t kill you,” Madam Astera whispered. “We’re no match. He’s the one that slaughtered scores of soldiers at the bay shore battle. There’s no mistaking it.”
“I’ve trained and suffered, waiting years for this, Tessia. Come with me and I’ll leave the others alone.”
I tightened my grip around Madam Astera.
Elijah let out a sigh. “Okay. I really didn’t want to leave any distasteful memories, but you leave me no choice.”
Another chill ran down my spine, signalling danger.
With just the faintest rustle, another black spike was conjured, piercing through the wounded soldier we had just found.

But it was too late.
Madam Astera jerked within my grasp, trying to reach her fallen comrade, but I kept her down.
“Come with me, Tessia,” Elijah repeated.
My mind spun as I tried to think of a way out of this. I knew I couldn’t go with Elijah. He was purposely keeping me alive for something. My first thought was that he was going to use me as a hostage, but then Elijah said he didn’t want to leave any distasteful memories...
Another chill ran down as I felt the fluctuation of magic. This time, there was only a surprised grunt in the distance before I saw it.
Jast had been pierced through the chest and hoisted into the air...just like my parents had been. The traumatized soldier’s expression wasn’t of pain but of surprise and confusion as blood dripped from the corners of his mouth.
“No!” Madam Astera screamed, trying to pry herself away from me.
“Now...” Elijah held out a pale hand. “Come. With. Me. ”
My gaze shifted from Jast’s corpse to Madam Astera and to Nyphia and Herrick.
I was caught between two choices: relent until everyone but me was killed, or go with him.
Desperation sunk in, and I decided to make my own third option.
Grabbing the blade of Madam Astera’s sword, I held it by my throat. “Don’t.”
A look of surprise skirted across Elijah’s face before he revealed a smirk. “You’re not going to kill yourself.”
Without another word, I pressed the edge of the blade against my throat until I drew blood.
This was a dangerous gamble, one that could get myself and the people around me here killed, but I knew I couldn’t go with him—I knew something far worse might happen if I went with him.
Fortunately, the gamble paid off. Elijah visibly stiffened and his brows knitted in frustration before he snapped. “Stop.”
I held the blade in place, keeping my expression firm despite the sharp pain radiating from my self-inflicted wound.
Fear bubbled up in the pit of my stomach. I didn’t want to die now. I didn’t want to die.
The hand holding the blade trembled, and it barely lowered because of my hesitation, but that was all Elijah needed.
Instantly, a thin spike shot through Madam Astera’s sword, knocking it out of my hand.
“I’m sorry I had to risk your life like that, but I’ve waited too long,” Elijah said sincerely as he walked towards me.
I fell back and scrambled desperately away from the man that was once Arthur’s friend. What had happened to him?
I hated myself for being so weak. Because of me, everyone here was going to die and I couldn’t do anything about it.
Elijah flicked his wrist, and another black spike shot up from the ground...through Herrick. I closed my eyes, unable to watch as Nyphia’s scream pierced through my ears.
My heart hammered against my ribs as my breath turned shallow. I tried to keep calm, but I was suddenly reminded of the battle in the Elshire Forest—all of the deaths that had been caused by me. I opened my eyes again to see the world spinning and tipping. I felt like I was drowning underwater as the only noise I could hear was my frantic heart beating and the short desperate breaths coming out of my mouth.
Then, suddenly, a hailstorm of golden white light rained down on Elijah. Clouds of dust enveloped the entire area as trees fell and the ground crumbled.
A dragon as black as the conjured spike a few steps in front of me appeared. Moments later, even through my blurry vision, I could make out the all-too-familiar figure with a head of long auburn hair, holding someone. Faint golden markings glowed just beneath his eyes as he appeared. As he looked at me, a mixture of emotions washed over me as my vision darkened: embarrassment, guilt, but most of all, relief.
“I’m sorry,” I said, not even able to hear my own voice.
I could make out more of Arthur’s face as he got closer. He was sweating and his usual composure was nowhere to be found. His mouth moved but I couldn’t hear what he said as the world faded into black.

ARTHUR LEYWIN
I dropped Nyphia, who I had practically pried away from her dead friend, and caught Tess as she fell unconscious. Slinging her over my shoulder, I snapped my fingers to get Nyphia’s attention.
“Help Madam Astera onto my bond,” I said sharply, jutting my head over to Sylvie, who was walking towards us.

Nyphia, who had been staring at me blankly, snapped out of her daze and nodded. She slung Madam Astera’s arm over her shoulders and helped her up onto Sylvie.
“What is this?” Madam Astera marveled as she got on top of my bond, her right ankle bleeding profusely.
Wordlessly, I handed Tessia to her and made sure all three of them were secure before I withdrew Static Void. I ignored the tight grip of fatigue around my mana core and jumped onto Sylvie’s back as we took off high into the cloudy skies.
How easy would it have been if I had full control over Aevum like Lord Indrath; I could’ve kept time frozen as I took everyone to safety. Of course, if I had the powers of an asura, things would never have escalated to this point.
‘Are you okay? You used borrowed aether arts for much longer than you’re used to,’ Sylvie asked, her concern emanating onto me.
I’ll be fine. Were you able to get a close look at that Alacryan though? From those black spikes and the pressure he gave off, he was at least a retainer and one we haven’t seen before.
‘I wasn’t able to make out his face either,’ she answered. ‘But he’s already approaching us.’
I sensed it too. We had already reached above the thick blanket of clouds and had already cleared several miles but I could feel the Alacryan’s presence not too far off.
Madam Astera was the next to sense our enemy’s approach. She jerked back, her face pale and expression grim.
She and I both knew that as soon as we landed, a battle would be inevitable. But that didn’t matter. I just needed to hold this person off until Madam Astera and Nyphia can get Tess through the portal safely. With the artifact she and I had, the portal would take us to the refuge shelter where the rest of them were waiting.
‘We’ll make it back,’ Sylvie assured. ‘We’re much stronger than we used to be.’
Without Dawn’s Ballad and the fact that I barely managed to wound a scythe out of sheer luck, I couldn’t help but feel a lingering doubt. Still, there were people waiting for me.
We continued flying through the air silently. Nyphia, who was around my age, was coping with her loss, trembling as she clutched something in her hands. I found myself staring at Madam Astera’s back as she held onto Tess. I didn’t think I’d meet the old soldier again after seeing her briefly at the battle of Etistin Bay... or even before that as a cook.
A sharp influx of mana behind me snapped at my attention. Immediately, I whirled around, conjuring a dome-shaped barrier of ice. Not a second later, sharp cracks resounded, cutting through the howling wind as black spikes embedded themselves onto the ice barrier before it shattered.
I utilized the dense clouds below us to fuel another frost barrier but the barrage of black spikes continued unceasingly.
Sylv. Dip lower into the clouds, I conveyed while manipulating the dense clouds to cover our movements.
‘Got it. We’re almost at Telmore City,’ my bond informed.
We picked up speed during our descent, giving me enough time to prepare an attack. Unable to use lightning effectively because of the abundance of moisture around us, I readied a barrage of ice shards in the general direction of the approaching Alacryan, adding a deadly spin and boost in speed using wind magic as well.
My spell tore through asunder, punching dozens of holes through the clouds. My confidence wavered as I spotted the black dot approaching, unabated by my attack.
Soon after, the black dot multiplied and I found myself facing another two dozen black spikes the size of spears.
Faster! I snapped, unwilling to waste any more mana right now when a battle on the ground seemed inevitable. At this point, I could only pray that there wasn’t another retainer or scythe waiting for us by the teleportation gate.
Finally, after speeding down through an endless visage of murky gray, we burst through the cloud floor. Below, the city of Telmore exploded into view, its buildings and the surface they were built on fast approaching.
Even with the wind magic I had cast around us, Madam Astera and Nyphia had to clutch tightly around Sylvia’s back spine to keep from falling off.
‘Arthur! Help me with the landing!’ Sylvie pleaded as we approached the paved clearing in the middle of Telmore City. My gaze shifted back and forth between the approaching black spears and the ground, my ears popping from the change in pressure.
“Hold on!” I roared as I ignited Realmheart and cast a powerful updraft just in time for Sylvie to spread her wings.

Simultaneously, I cast another barrier of ice over us as the black spears began raining down. The spears were different this time though—they burned right through the ice barrier.
“Damn it,” I cursed. Curling my hand into a fist, I dispelled the frozen barrier over us, shattering it before using the same updraft I had conjured to slow our descent to redirect at least some of the black spears.
Just how much mana does that retainer have to constantly churn out spells like this? I wondered in frustration as we neared the ground.
I could barely make out the screams and shouts from the people below as they scattered below us.
Suddenly, Sylvie let out a cry and we jerked to the left.
‘I was struck on my right wing,’ Sylvie sent painfully as we started spiraling out of control.
It took a few minutes for Sylvie to be able to coat her wing in mana and slowly close her wound before she regained control. The problem now was being able to slow down our descent fast enough to land safely instead of crashing like a meteor.
With my attention split between creating the updraft as well as fighting off the scores of black spears that didn’t seem to be stopping, however, I couldn’t help but prepare for the worst.
We plummeted down, Sylvie’s wings spread wide to catch as much of my updraft as possible.
Just as my fears were about to come true, a green light emanated from around me.
I spared just a glance back to see Tess awake and back up on her feet.
The light had spread from Tess and onto Sylvie as green translucent tendrils of mana shot out from underneath my bond, embedding themselves into the ground and buildings around us.
Most of the translucent vines ripped apart as they tried to counter the speed of our fall, but I could feel us slowing down.
Trusting Sylvie and Tess to handle the fall, I focused my attention back to the approaching Alacryan speeding towards us like an ebony comet.
Utilizing both fire and water, I conjured a blast of thick steam towards our enemy in order to obscure his vision before releasing an arc of lightning. The blast of steam served as a powerful conductor for the lightning, creating a lightning-cloud that lit up the darkening sky in brilliant flashes of gold.
At the last moment, Sylvie cast a barrier of mana around us, and with Tess’ beast will slowing our fall, we were able to land on the ground without a scratch.
“Let’s go!” I snapped, picking Nyphia up by her waist as Tess and Madam Astera hopped off of Sylvie.
I glanced down at Madam Astera’s right ankle. She had enveloped a thick layer of mana just around the wound to keep it from bleeding. It was only a temporary solution but a smart choice with how little time we had.
“I-I can run!” Nyphia said, her face red froms she struggled underneath my arm.
“Good.” I let her go and we all began racing towards the podium only a few hundred feet east with Tess and Madam Astera leading the way.
Sylvie changed into her human form and followed closely behind me when Tess suddenly looked back at me over her shoulder.
It was only for a split second and no verbal exchange happened but the expression she made as she looked at me lingered.
With our mana-clad bodies, we quickly approached our destination, but so had our enemies. There were Alacryan soldiers lined up in rows between us and the teleportation gate, but they weren’t the reason that every hair on my body stood on its end.
I glanced back to see a black fire burning away at the lightning cloud and a figure merely standing on the ground where we had landed.
My eyes widened at the sight of the same power as that scythe I had fought against in the Castle.
With Realmheart still active, I could see the horrifying amount of mana coagulating, not just around him, but on the ground below us as well.
My mind whirled as I debated whether to risk using Static Void once more. Encompassing our entire group long enough for us to make it to the portal without the help of mana would take a minute, maybe more.
My gaze landed on Nyphia and Madam Astera. Could I abandon these two and lessen the burden?
“Arthur!” Sylvie shouted, urging me to do something— anything .
I cursed under my breath and decided.
I used Static Void... only on myself. I whirled back, digging my heels into the ground and dashing back to where the Alacryan was preparing his devastating attack, hoping to withdraw Static Void in front of him and dispel his magic.
But as I got close enough to make out who my opponent was, my concentration wavered and Static Void shattered out of existence.
There was a look of surprise at my sudden appearance just a few yards away from him, but his lips curved into a smirk.
His arms lowered but the umbral energy still swirled around his hands as Elijah greeted me. “Long time no see, my dear old friend...Grey.”





Chapter 247
Chapter 247: Not Alone
Air seized in my chest as I struggled to process what was going on. Elijah, who had been taken by Draneeve during the invasion of Xyrus Academy, was alive and standing in front of me.
“Elijah? W-What’s going on? How are you...” my voice trailed off as the two of us exchanged gazes. The expression he held was tense and he looked older for some reason. He was definitely Elijah, but everything about him seemed just a little off.
With a sneer, Elijah leaped back, his arms swirling with a black aura.
I responded in turn, igniting Realmheart Physique to its fullest extent. I needed to. Just from what he showed me, his spell formations were almost instant. If I was going to get out of this alive, I needed to know where and how his spells were going to form beforehand.
I could see my bangs turn white while golden runes began pulsating on my skin. As the otherworldly power of an asura coursed through my veins, I felt myself calming down—becoming more detached—as a cool blanket draped over my mind.
With a thought, I withdrew the only sword I had left in my dimension ring—the remaining sword of the pair that Senyir, Trodius’ daughter, gave to me.
The golden sword slid out of its scabbard with a soft hum. Tightening my grip around its handle, I faced Elijah, a whirlwind of ash-like mana converging around his hands, ready to be unleashed.
I need to stop him. I’ll pry the answers out of him after that.
I dashed forward, closing the gap between us in three steps. I aimed for his midsection but a black spike erupted from the ground between us, parrying my swing.
“Why are you doing this, Elijah?” I seethed, repositioning myself. I didn’t let him rest. The physical training I had done with Kordri kicked in. My feet blurred in a series of complicated footwork maneuvers designed for sharp directional changes.
“After what you’ve taken away from me, don’t you feel bad asking me that, Grey?” Elijah replied, voice laced with anger.
His eyes couldn’t keep up but the spikes that could be conjured from thin air and even faster from the ground seemed more like an automatic defense system rather than a willful conjuring.
Meanwhile Elijah continued to try and back away, his face tense but controlled as he continued preparing his spell.
I could see through Realmheart the form that this massive spell would take, pressuring me to move faster and hit harder. My initial plan was to confront him in close combat in order to conserve my mana and to exploit his weakness, but as our clash went on, I had the feeling more and more that it wouldn’t be as easy as it had been in my head.
Even while integrating elemental magic into my blade, the black flames swirling around his hands ate away and even got larger after consuming my attacks. I was able to slice through the black spikes that seemed to endlessly conjure and protect their master, but not without my blade sustaining damage as well.
With a blast of black fire, Elijah propelled himself back, putting distance between the two of us as I quickly discarded my outer robe, which caught on fire.
In that short span of time, a trail of the ash-like mana accumulated in a path from where Elijah now stood, all the way to the portal. Tess, Sylvie and everyone else all stood in that path.
Sylvie, I called out in my mind, sharing with her the path of Elijah’s spell. With a mental nod of confirmation, I turned my attention back to my friend.
“Damn it, Elijah,” I whispered. Dropping the steel scabbard on the ground, I imbued more mana and swung the sword at Elijah.
Not a sound was made as the blade sliced through the air, but the effects were shown immediately. Dozens of thin paths carved themselves like intertwining snakes on the ground as a flurry of crescents honed in on my old friend.
Elijah finished his attack prematurely. His spell was three-part—the first part made the ground crack and crumble, the second part raised chunks of the ground into the air, and the third part...
Thrusting his palms forward, Elijah unleashed a score of obsidian spikes from the ground and from the large chunks of stone floating in the air. Like the inside of a large tunnelworm’s mouth, rows and rows of sharp fangs shot out, tearing apart my spell.
Receiving a mental signal from Sylvia telling me that the three of them were at a safe distance away, I concentrated ahead.
Realmheart allowed me to see the locations where the spikes would shoot out from and even how large they were before the spikes even manifested.

I took a sharp breath, as electricity filled my body, stimulating and forcibly enhancing my reflexes. I tuned everything out and focused solely on the path leading me to my opponent.
Now.
Blood pumped through my limbs and the muscles in my legs and core tensed. I pushed off with my feet, feeling the paved ground beneath crumbling from the force.
I shot forward, trusting my body and instincts to take me to the exact location I wished.
Like a well-orchestrated performance, a black spike shot out from the ground just where my feet were, giving me another foothold to push off from.
Despite the seemingly random pattern that the black spears exploded out from the ground like deadly pistons, I was always at the right place at the right time.
I weaved through the jungle of black fangs as more and more spikes shot out in all directions before nearing Elijah.
Stabbing my golden blade forward, I released an arc of lightning that glowed black under the influence of Realmheart Physique.
Three black horns jutted in front of Elijah, conducting and redirecting the blast of lightning. The black tendrils of electricity spiraled down the thick black spikes that Elijah had conjured, destroying the ground.
Elijah’s lips quivered in a snarl as mana gathered around his lower face. A black fire roared to life from his mouth as he bellowed like a dragon.
The hellfire grew stronger as it approached, consuming the black spikes as fuel.
Under the influence of Realmheart, I stayed calm, calculating the best possible scenario out of this.
The cold whisper in my mind told me to activate Static Void, to close the distance and finish it cleanly from behind. I almost listened—even if I couldn’t land a killing blow, I could injure him heavily enough to change the tide of battle.
But Sylvie’s voice pierced through.
‘Block the attack or the teleportation gate is going to be destroyed! We can’t afford to travel to another one!’ Sylvie screamed.
Sharing our thoughts, I could sense Sylvie shifting back into her draconic form while Tess, Madam Astera and Nyphia fought off the remaining Alacryan soldiers.
Trusting her, I held my ground and released Thunderclap Impulse. The tinge of electricity around my body faded and I devoted my mana into my next attack.
I held my sword close to my body with its tip pointed at the approaching fire. A white fire ignited on the blade, shining brightly like liquid pearl as I imbued more and more of my internal mana as well as manipulated the mana around me to fuel my attack.
During this time, a concentrated blast of pure mana shot out from behind me, enveloping Elijah completely and creating another crater.
With the spell interrupted, the size of the hellblaze stayed constant, but continued its fast approach.
Gathering more and more power into my spell, I waited until the last moment before thrusting my sword forward, releasing the white flame that had covered my clothes in a layer of frost and had frozen the ground around me.
A swirling cone of white frostfire ripped out of my sword and clashed against the raging black inferno.
A shockwave of force as my spell continued to drill through the black fire pushed me back on my feet even as I used wind magic to keep me steady. The golden blade of my sword shattered from the stress of conjuring the spell, but the two spells managed to cancel each other out.
Is everyone okay? I asked my bond.
‘Yes. No one was hurt...on our side.’
Confused by her words, I glanced back to see the scope of damage from Elijah’s spell. The black fire wasn’t able to reach past me, but the spikes made it all the way to where the teleportation gate was.
Even more horrible were the bodies of Alacryan soldiers that were guarding the gate stuck on the black spikes.

I didn’t have time to dwell on them.
Can you guys reach the portal? I asked.

‘No. I can break the black spikes but even then, it’ll take some time to make it to where the portal was buried.’
As I cursed under my breath, my mind spun trying to make sense of everything and—more importantly—getting Sylvie, Tess, Madam Astera, and Nyphia out of here.
If I shot out a spell powerful enough to clear the forest of black spikes, I would also destroy the teleportation gate, but I also couldn’t just wait for more Alacryans—perhaps even a retainer or scythe—to come while we tried to fish the gate out.
Suddenly, a blast of black fire exploded into view from the crater where Elijah was.
With a hand clad in frostfire, I parried the sphere of hellfire, only for it to hit and bring down an entire building nearby. The fire ate away at the structure, growing bigger until everything was consumed.
Elijah walked out of the crater, unharmed.
“Who are you?” I asked, remembering what his first words to me were.
The corner of Elijah’s lips curled into a sneer. “You’re smarter than that. I guess the years of living comfortably in this world have made you soft.”
Elijah lifted his hands, but before his spell could manifest, I was already within arm’s length of his face.
Weaponless, I swung my fist down, wind spiraling from the speed of my punch. Another black spike jutted out to protect Elijah’s face from my blow but I didn’t stop.
With wind speeding my swing and pure mana strengthening the force of my blow, I crushed through the damned spike and landed the punch right on Elijah’s jaw.
The sound of crashing thunder resounded from the impact of my blow and Elijah’s body was buried into the ground.
“You’re not Elijah so I’m going to ask this one more time. Who the hell are you?”
Elijah stood back up from the hole his body had created in the ground. His jaw had been shattered and most of his teeth were gone but as a smoky black ember burned through his face, the injuries he had sustained were recovering.
Of course he has regenerative abilities, I thought, grimacing at the radiating pain stemming from the knuckles I had fractured from punching through the black spike.
My frustration grew as I saw scores of Alacryan soldiers rushing towards us from both sides. If things progressed like this, I’d have to fight hundreds of soldiers as well as Elijah.
“Arthur!” Tessia’s voice echoed from behind. Sylvie and Tess were running towards me.
“Stay back!” I roared, my voice coated with an otherworldly power as Realmheart Physique’s effects got stronger. I released an arc of lightning at Elijah before he could fully recover, trying to keep him from coming out.
‘Elijah won’t kill Tessia,’ Sylvie stated. ‘He could’ve killed her multiple times before we arrived but he didn’t.’
There are more Alacryans coming. It’s still too dangerous—just get her out of here!
As if a burning rod pressed down on my brain, Sylvie’s anger exploded.
‘No! Why must you always go about life-threatening situations on your own?! I am your partner, not some gopher to escort your princess to safety.’
Sylvie, I pleaded. I couldn’t let either of them get hurt, and Sylvie knew that.

‘We fight together, and get out of this together,’ she said resolutely, her uneasiness leaking through.
Giving up, I shifted my gaze to Madam Astera. A deep crimson aura encased her sword as she and Nyphia slowly but surely began hacking down the hundreds of black spikes that stood in the way between us and the teleportation gate.
Damn it, Sylvie. Fine, you and Tess keep the Alacryans away from us.
‘Good plan.’ My bond sent me a mental smirk.
‘Elijah’ and I were roughly equal in terms of power. I was faster and stronger physically, but he was more than able to make up for it using the same unique magic that Uto was able to use, alongside an even more powerful black fire—the same as that scythe who killed Elder Buhnd.
And while it wasn’t appropriate, I was admittedly worried about Tess finding out about who Grey was after this.
Shaking away my concerns, I dashed towards Elijah. Close friend or not, I needed to stop him.
Seeing me approach, Elijah conjured another rally of obsidian spears and fired them at me.
I can do this, I thought. Elijah’s control over the black spikes and the speed at which they were formed weren’t on the level of Uto and I had gotten stronger since my fight against him.
With mana pumping through my veins and coalesced around my body, I easily dodged the spears with minimal movement before a wave of black fire shot out from Elijah’s palms.
Not willing to waste mana on confronting the hellfire head on, I leapt over it.
Mid-jump—out of the corner of my eyes—I could see the fight going at the edge of the crater we were in. Golden lights flashed from Sylvie’s attacks while tendrils of green whirled and whipped in a blur.
Comforted by the fact that they were doing fine despite the overwhelming numbers against them, I focused on my opponent.
Rather than going for raw power like him, I used my mana efficiently. With the control I had gained from reaching white core, I molded mana, coalescing different attributes together to form several condensed bullets of varying colors. With a burst of blue fire, aided by wind magic, the five bullets pierced through the air in streaks of light like multicolored lasers.
Three were blocked by the black spikes but one grazed his leg and another hit him squarely in his arm, burning a hole through his limb.
Following up, I dashed toward Elijah, frost accumulating around my arm.
“You’re not a match for me in this world, Grey,” Elijah stated as he jumped backwards and conjured a thin layer of smoke.
With Realmheart active, I could tell that this spell was similar to the very first retainer I had fought, who was able to conjure and manipulate deadly toxins and poisons.
“Don’t let that gas touch you!” Tess shouted from the edge of the crater.
The gas wove together and shot forth like a serpent striking at its prey.
Skidding to a stop, I used the ice-attuned mana surrounding my arms and slashed at the air. A shimmering crescent-shaped blade of white fire tore free from my swing, cresting through the air while leaving a trail of frost in its path.
The spell sliced through the snake-like spell, freezing it. The icy crescent nicked Elijah in the shoulder. Even as the effects spread, freezing his left arm, Elijah thrust out a palm at me.
Four black spikes erupted from the ground around me, only two of which I managed to avoid. One had pierced through my ankle and the other grazed my side.
I buckled as I felt a throbbing burn radiating from my wounds.
Meanwhile, Elijah’s arms, one frozen and another with a charred hole through it, were both healing.
Damn it. He’s just sacrificing his limbs to give me injuries.
My injuries were healing as well but the spikes that had pierced through me were coated in poison and it was interfering with my own regenerative abilities.
I looked for an opening to use Static Void once more—I needed to end this quick—but Elijah seemed to be conscious of my abilities. He had positioned spikes around himself at all times to keep me from getting into direct range without him being able to react. His black fire directly countered a lot of my spells while his spikes were able to conduct and redirect my lightning.
His weakness was confrontational combat, but he was smart and shrewd. Elijah was playing a game of tactics, keeping me in range while slowly whittling me down despite my superior speed and strength.
I have to assume that our mana pool is around the same, mine maybe even lower. If I want to win this fight soon, I need more power.
As I gritted my teeth, mind whirling to form a plan, a cool and comforting sensation resonated from my core. It was from Sylvia’s dragon will.
It told me to let it take control— Sylvia was telling me to let her take control.





Chapter 248
Chapter 248: His Name
Frustration, anxiety, doubt, and fear—all of those emotions faded as a shroud of black lightning crackled around me. I let myself sink deeper into the cold embrace of Realmheart. The feeling reminded me of when I had talked to Lord Indrath, Sylvie’s grandfather. He had that lofty, detached air around him as if he wasn’t a part of this world, but above it. I started to realize why.
As aether continued to coalesce around me, weaving its ethereal tendrils into my body, I could see the runes spreading and connecting with one another around my body. I felt calloused, numb as the power from Sylvia’s dragon will flowed freely. It was an intoxicating feeling.
I was a king in my previous life, and I stood as one of the pinnacles of strength throughout an entire continent in this life, but what I felt now was true—divine—power.
‘Arthur! Stop! You’re hurting yourself,’ Sylvie begged in my mind, but I pushed it aside. I was tired of losing battle after battle. Uto, Cylrit, the scythe that had taken Sylvia—I had lost to all of them.
Not today, especially not against this fraud who had possessed the body of my closest friend.
The tendrils of lightning shifted in color as they coiled around my body. I could see the aether being drawn to me and the black lightning soon had a faint shade of purple mixed in.
‘Arthur!’ Sylvie said, her voice farther back now.
Confident and ready, I took a step. That earth-shattering step managed to carry me past Elijah fast enough that he was still looking at where I stood before.
I extended an arm and the aetheric lightning shot out like a whip. Elijah barely managed to shift his black spears in the way of my attack, but he flew back from the impact, crashing on the dented ground a few dozen feet away to where the other Alacryans were.
Taking another step, I cleared the distance and hung in the air. The shroud of lightning around me lashed out in all directions, arcing and forking towards the Alacryans closest to me and piercing through their armor and bodies as if they were made of paper.
A few Alacryans who managed to keep their wits retaliated with spells of their own, but it was useless. I ignored the blasts of fire and let the shards of ice and stone shatter against the lightning protecting me.
My eyes gazed down at the hundreds of Alacryans looking up at me like a god.
‘...hurting...sto—’ my brows furrowed in annoyance.
Suddenly a black inferno roared outward, enveloping me in a shadowy vortex.
The shroud of lightning and aether around me grew, striking out at the whirling darkness around me. Embers clung to some of the lightning tendrils and to my body but they didn’t bother me.
With another thought, the shroud of lightning was replaced by a nimbus of white fire tinged with aether. The black fire this time weren’t able to burn through and sizzled out of existence at the frostfire’s touch.
Slashing my arms out, a ripple of white flames undulated outward, freezing and shattering everything in its path.
With another flick of a wrist, a pulse of white aetheric fire burst forth, hitting Elijah and smashing him back into the frozen ground. As the mist and dust subsided, Elijah came into view, clothes and hair disheveled, and arms crossed as the remains of frozen black spikes lay scattered around him.
He looked back up at me, brows furrowed, sweating... biting his lower lip in a grimace.
I winced at the familiar sight. I tried to dig through my memories at why Elijah looked so familiar, yet so unfamiliar at the same time.
But the veil of apathy that had enveloped me clung on, pushing away the urge to question my opponent and focus solely on killing him.
As more and more of Sylvia’s dragon will pumped out of my core and through my veins, the stronger I heard the old dragon’s voice. Memories of my time with her in that cave after falling off the cliff began to surface, and I began to trust in that voice more and more.
I let the otherworldly power take control over my body and my mind for the sake of killing Elijah and getting Tess and Sylvie to safety.
Had I broken through past the white core stage? Was this Sylvia’s message to me—to destroy anyone and everyone for the sake of those precious to me?
That had to be it. There was no other reason why I would be hearing Sylvia’s voice right now. There was no other explanation for this sudden influx of power.

‘Arthu...plea...stroying...ody...’
I pushed away my bond’s voice. She didn’t understand; she didn’t know. She didn’t know of Sylvia’s promise to me—that she had a message for me once I had broken past the white core realm.
My vision swam in a tinge of lavender as aether gathered around me. The motes of purple danced as if celebrating my ascension to the throne.
I truly felt like a deity...like an asura.
Shifting my attention back to Elijah, I noticed his gaze flitting off to the side as if he was waiting for something...or someone.
I let out a breath and the motes of aether fluttered in front of me. Raising an arm completely enveloped in a golden aura, I flicked my wrist.
Aether heeded my call, molding around the blade of wind that I had shot at Elijah.
My opponent, his legs injured from my previous attack, chose to block my attack. Rows of black spikes, lit aflame in that hellfire capable of eating away at even water and mana, erupted from the ground in front of him, but the silvery crescent tinged purple that I had released mowed through the rows of black spikes like they were made of butter.
Elijah, realizing that his defenses were useless, barely managed to throw himself out of the way but not in time to get out unscathed.
He let out a howl of pain while clutching what was left of his severed arm. Even then, he dared to launch another attack at me.
A smirk rose from my lips as I took a step in the air. With control of spatium, the motes of aether converged into a bridge in front of me, and that single step cleared the dozens of yards instantly and without using strength. It was the very world that had folded in front of me.
Elijah only managed to widen his eyes in shock before I held out a hand. Aether converged around the stub of his right arm where his hellfire was currently regenerating the lost limb.
Under my influence, however, the black fire turned purple and rather than heal him, it was eating away at him.
“Not a match, you say?” I mocked, my voice tinged with an ethereal timbre.
Elijah bit his lower lip harder, stifling a scream.
With blood streaming down the corner of his mouth, Elijah scoffed at me. “I knew you’d show your true face. Whatever name and appearance you take on, you’ll always be the same, Grey.”
My eyes narrowed but the cool blanket of apathy abated the message of his words. The only thought that throbbed in my mind was how this person—Elijah, my once close friend—was trying to harm Tess.
“Goodbye,” I muttered, raising a hand to finish the job.
‘Arthur! Dodge!’ Sylvie’s voice suddenly screamed in my head.
Pure instinct took hold and I kicked forward, pushing myself back just as a blazing pillar of black erupted from the ground where I had been standing.
I berated myself for hyperfocusing on Elijah to the point where I didn’t notice the fluctuation of magic even through Realmheart.
The black flame barely managed to graze my left foot but the difference in power was evident. Even with the protection of aether currently surrounding my body, I felt a scalding pain radiating from my foot.
The intensity and speed of conjuration was on a different level from Elijah’s black flames.
Following the trail of mana fluctuation, I shifted my gaze to my right and up in the sky. As soon as I confirmed who it was, I couldn’t help but smile.
I could feel Sylvia shake in anger and anticipation inside me, as if even her will knew who was responsible for her death.
My body, bathing in an aether-tinged golden light, glowed brighter and stronger. This time would be different from the Castle.
The scythe arrived beside Elijah, his face a mask of indifference and poise.

He laid a hand on the purple flame eating away at where his arm used to be and it was replaced by a smoldering black flame that began slowly, but visibly, regenerating Elijah’s arm.
Rather than rushing in to fight, I kept my distance while healing my foot as well using life aether. I could also feel Sylvie’s healing touch as she continued keeping the Alacryans at bay with Tess. They were at a standstill, both sides not sure what to do in the presence of Elijah, the scythe, and myself.

“You made it clear to me that you’d win against your friend,” the scythe said.
“I can—I was, until he entered that form,” Elijah grimaced.
“No matter. The fault is mine. I let him live in exchange for keeping the Castle in one piece as Lord Agrona had ordered.”
The nonchalance that the scythe showed as he disregarded my very presence festered like an itchy sore until I wasn’t able to hold it back any longer.
The aether around me formed into a bridge once more, connecting me to where Elijah and the scythe were standing.
I stepped forward and the world folded in front of me, carrying me to them.
Aetheric lightning flashed I pummeled the scythe in the stomach.
A shockwave blasted outward from the impact, blowing Elijah back as well as many of the other Alacryans in the vicinity.
Cracks webbed out from where my fist clung to the scythe’s armor, but he hadn’t even needed to take a step back.
“We’re no longer in the Castle so it’s acceptable for me to be a bit excessive,” he stated, a smirk drawn across his face.
A chill ran down my spine as he swung his hand. A shadowy wave of fire erupted from his hand, engulfing me and everything behind me.
Aether swirled around me, protecting me from the hellfire that ignited even the air and paved ground.
Despite the cone-shaped devastation —that left every Alacryan in its way dead—I was still standing. However, the scythe wasn’t my only opponent.
I spotted Elijah flying over toward Tess.
The thought of Elijah reaching Tess was sobering. The cold blanket of apathy that had covered my mind shattered and the single-minded thought of killing the scythe and ‘winning’ faded until I could think more clearly.
Vision and mind renewed, I was deeply aware of everything going on around me, from Alacryans burning to ashes around me, to Tess, Sylvie, Nyphia, and Madam Astera fighting for safety rather than victory, and finally, myself. I was aware of the change in my body, and also the current state of my body. I chose not to fear the inevitable, instead, using it to fuel my motivation to get the rest of them back to the shelter. I guarded my mind so Sylvie wouldn’t find out, and I let out a sharp breath.
I was clear-minded and had control over the full, unrestrained, power of Realmheart. I could do this. I had to do this.
I immediately went after him. Spatium carried me to where he was in another single step. My fist struck him on his side and I could feel his ribs shattering under the force despite the wave of smokey fire that attempted to block some of the damage.
Elijah fell from the air, his body whirling out of control before creating a crater on the side of a building.
Mana fluctuations rippled in the air all around me, and I knew what was coming.
Pushing myself away with a compressed blast of fire, I narrowly dodged a series of sudden combustions in the air.
I was barely able to dance away, dodging as hellflames bloomed in the air like deadly black flowers.
The black conflagrations suddenly stopped as Sylvie launched a shockwave of pure mana from her serpentine jaw at the scythe.
Pushing aside my worries and trusting my bond, I flew over where Tess was still fighting the Alacryans.

Even while surrounded, the translucent green vines surrounding her acted as if they had minds of their own. Whipping, striking, piercing her foes, it was hard to tell who was actually at a disadvantage.
Deciding that she would be fine for now, I made my way to where the teleportation gate had been buried beneath a tide of black spikes.
There, I spotted Nyphia slow chipping away at the black spikes while Madam Astera held off several dozen Alacryan mages by herself.
Immediately, I closed the distance and unleashed a blast of frostfire at the Alacryans, freezing half of them in a single spell.
I ignored the rest, letting Madam Astera handle it while I got to work on the black spikes.
While half-tempted to release a torrent of lightning, I was too afraid that the gate would be damaged so I clad my fists in lightning and charged forth.
“Nyphia! Help Tess and get her here!” I ordered.
“G-Got it!” Nyphia scrambled out of the way as I punched through the scores of black spikes jutting from the ground and blocking the teleportation gate.
My lightning-clad fists shredded through the layers as I kept my senses clear in case Elijah or the scythe was nearby.
A piercing scream suddenly invaded my thoughts.
Sylvie! I called out as her mind clouded in a sea of pain that even I could feel through our shared minds.
‘Just keep... going!’ she sent with whatever was left of her sanity.
I could feel the ground shake with every explosion of black flames and pure mana in the distance, but I continued to push forth until I could see the faint glow of the teleportation gate.
Almost there!
Suddenly the sky darkened and a shadow cast just above me. Realmheart continued to cycle through me, burning away at my own body but I relied on it once more as I layered aether over the frostfire surrounding my two hands.
I pushed , sending out a shockwave of aetheric ice straight at the black hellfire descending on both myself and the teleportation gate just beside me.
As the two forces clashed, a shockwave rippled, shattering some of the black spikes. The teleportation gate also quivered and groaned, threatening to break and leave us stranded here.
Still, the ancient portal held strong and now there was a path directly to it. Tess, Nyphia and Madam Astera were running towards me as well. They’d be able to make it back.
“Hurry through the portal!” I roared as the three of them ran past me.
Tess turned back, facing me as she continued racing for the portal. “What about you?”
“I have my own medallion. I’ll meet you back at the shelter with Sylvie. Now go !”
“Grey! You can’t do this to me, not again!” Elijah shouted from above, desperately trying to get here in time. “Not after what you did to me and Cecilia!”
Elijah’s words struck like thunder, and I almost let him get to the portal.
With aether under my command, I closed the distance, just as he was about to fire a black spear at the gate, and intercepted him.
Wounded and tired, Elijah wasn’t a match anymore while I was in this state.
I gripped his neck and squeezed just hard enough so he could barely talk.
“How do you know that name?” I growled.
“Looks like you’re finally...sober,” he wheezed. “If you weren’t...under the influence of that power that’s...killing you right now, you might’ve already figured it out.”
I squeezed harder, making him gag, before loosening my grip. “Who are you.”
Elijah spat on my face before smiling, revealing his blood-stained teeth. “I was your best... friend, and the one whose fiancée you killed in front of me.”
My grip loosened and I felt my strained heart clutch. My mind swam and my entire body felt like it was submerged in tar. My throat tightened and choked as it tried to keep me from muttering the single word that pressed against my brain like a smoldering brand.
“Nico?”





Chapter 249
Chapter 249: Gone
Explosions of black and gold from Sylvie and the scythe’s battle resounded in the distance but I was focused on the man I had in my grasp.
“I-It can’t—no, it’s impossible. There’s no way—”
“That I’m...Nico?” Elijah coughed as he pried my fingers apart just enough so he could speak. “If you’ve reincarnated into this world, Grey, why is it impossible for anyone else to as well?”
The hand currently wrapped around Nic—no, Elijah, trembled uncontrollably. I squeezed harder. I didn’t want him to talk. I wanted to deny everything. I couldn’t bear whatever it was that he was about to say.
“Art! Watch out!”
Tess’ scream jolted me out of my thoughts, but I couldn’t fully dodge the back spike that Elijah had launched from the ground.
My grip around the black-haired traitor’s neck loosened and Elijah took advantage of that moment perfectly, prying himself loose and punching me square in the jaw with a hellfire-clad fist.
I swayed, nearly losing consciousness as the runes coursing down my face protected me from the black flames. I nearly fell from the sky but a hand grabbed my wrist.
As my weakened body struggled to counteract the otherworldly toxins that had entered my body from the black spike, Elijah grabbed my collar and pulled me close. His piercing dark eyes glared down at me while the venom-coated black spike hovered over his shoulder, tip pointed at my face.
“Art!” Tess shouted. Out of the corner of my eyes, I could see her aura flaring as she prepared to attack.
“Focus on the gate!” I roared.
Elijah looked back as well, but just as he was about to go to Tess, I grabbed his arm.
“What did Agrona do to you, Elijah?” I groaned. “Did he make you say all of this?”
Elijah spun his head back, anger dripping from his voice. “Do you think even Agrona would know how you and I used to steal and sell whatever we scrounged to the pawn shop? And that we’d use the earnings to keep our orphanage funded without Wilbeck knowing?”
“That... doesn’t mean—”
“Do you think Agrona knows that deep down, you had feelings for Cecilia?”
I stiffened and the world that had been spinning because of the toxin in Elijah’s spell suddenly came back into focus.
Elijah smirked but his eyes remained cold. “Cecilia liked you for a time as well, but she gave up because you kept your distance emotionally ever since you found out that I had feelings for her.”
“Stop,” I whispered, anger flaring up the mana inside me. The runes spread throughout my body pulsed as I focused on gathering strength.
“And even when I told you everything I uncovered about Lady Vera, you turned your back on your best friend for that bitch,” he seethed, black flames spreading from his hands. “And as if that wasn’t enough, you killed her! You killed Cecilia in front of me!”
My runes and his flame clashed in a constant battle to keep my body from igniting.
“ Stop, Nico!” I cried, tears burning as they rolled down my cheeks.
Another explosion resounded from the distance, the shockwave creating a gust of wind that blew all the way here.
At that moment, a translucent-green blade of mana shot from the ground below.
Even though Nico was unaware, the black spike managed to block the green crescent that Tess had undoubtedly fired, but that gave me the opportunity to let out a blast of frost right at Nico’s face.
From the shoulder up, Nico was frozen for a second until a black flame started melting the ice. Still, I managed to kick myself free from his grasp and launch an arc of lighting at my disoriented foe.
Nico crashed to the ground, a mushroom of dust covering the area he had landed.
Are you okay? I asked my bond, checking up on her after that last explosion.
‘I’m...fine. It’s weird, he’s definitely attacking me but it feels like he’s...holding back,’ she responded. ‘How are things going over there?’
Not so...good, I admitted. But I’ll be able to hold my own. I just need to get Tess and them through the gate.
Just as I finished that thought, I turned my attention to the crater to see a large fluctuation of mana from where Nico had landed.
He was preparing a spell—a powerful one—but it wasn’t aimed at me.
I immediately burst through the air, landing on the ground right between Nico and the teleportation gate.
A concentrated beam of hellfire barely thicker than the width of a wrist pierced through the cloud of dust and debris, targeting just the teleportation gate.
Squeezing mana from my core and begging the aether around to aid me, I countered with a swirling barrier of aetheric wind. While ice would’ve been a better choice to effectively negate Nico’s attack, the toll of sustaining Realmheart for this long was becoming more and more evident.
Flickers of hellfire that had managed to make its way through my wind barrier burned through my skin like acid while even my regenerative abilities were hurting me, as if my body was begging me to stop getting injured.
Sustaining the barrier, I looked back over my shoulder, snapping impatiently at Tess. “He’s trying to destroy the gate! Hurry up and activate it and escape!”
“It’s almost done! But what about you and Sylvie?” Tess shouted as she continued to hold the ancient medallion up against the center of the glowing ring that was almost filled with purple.
“Just go! Please!” I begged.
“No!” Nico shouted. He withdrew his concentrated spell and burst forward to try and get past me. However, despite the poor state of my body, my reflexes were a lot faster than he assumed.

I pivoted and launched myself, tackling Nico.
“Let go!” he roared as he flailed, trying to escape my grasp.
Small embers of hellfire ignited throughout Elijah’s body but I held strong with the help of aether.
“Hurry up!” I warned, feeling the black flames slowly burn through the layer of aether and mana protecting me.
Nico suddenly stopped trying to break free. His shoulders trembled as he gritted his teeth before shouting, “You owe me, Grey. You owe me for killing Cecilia!”
“So that’s what it is? Cecilia died so you have to have Tess to make it even?” I spat out. “I didn’t mean to kill Cecilia, but even if I had, she wouldn’t have wanted this, Nico! Taking Tess isn’t going to bring Cecilia back!”
“What if it is?!” Nico shot back.
Caught by surprise, I didn’t answer. However, I saw the mana fluctuation in Nico’s hand as he willed another black spike from the ground.
I quickly spun, using Elijah as a shield against his own spell. He was able to stop the spike from piercing both of us.
A guttural cry of frustration ripped out of his throat as he tried desperately to break free from my grasp.
Just then, another explosion resounded from where Sylvie was fighting against the scythe.
What’s going on? Are you okay? I asked, my concern bleeding onto my bond.
‘I’m...fine, but the scythe is heading your way,’ she replied, even her mental voice pained.
It took less than a second for me to feel it—the presence of the scythe approaching. And it took another second for me to see the rapid fluctuation of mana right where the teleportation gate was.
I hurriedly initiated Static Void, but this time, I felt the cost of its use.
Along with the inverted colors of the frozen world, I felt a cold grip clutching my innards, warning me that death was inevitable if I continued to exploit this powerful aether art.
Ignoring my body’s warning, I released the frozen Nico and made my way toward Tess, Nyphia, and Madam Astera.
My body grew heavy and nauseous with each step I took but I couldn’t afford to release Static Void and risk the scythe’s spell go off.
My body was drenched in sweat and I was gasping for air by the time I reached the gate.
I grabbed Tess’ waist with one arm and released the time-freezing aether art.
A cold chill ran down my spine as my body instinctively knew that danger was just behind me, where the gate was.
Tess flinched in my grasp.“What th—”
I picked her up by the waist, cutting her off, while I shouted at Madam Astera.
“Grab Nyphia!”
Immediately, the former knight professor and soldier bolted to her student and tossed her over her shoulder just in time for me to flash past them and grab Madam Astera’s free hand.
I tried to bend space once more with the help of aether, but the translucent purple bridge wouldn’t form. Without even the time to curse, I gritted my teeth and expended what mana I had left to gain some distance when a horrible explosion of fire resounded behind us.
Unable to even look back, I could only imagine how close the conflagration was by the sound of the roaring fire and its heat scalding my back.
A green aura suddenly surrounded all of us as Tess activated her beast will to protect us while I focused on getting us out of range, but the heat only grew stronger.
To make matters worse, the scythe was within eyeshot just up ahead. Even if we were able to somehow make it out of the hellfire explosion, we’d be facing the scythe as well as Nico.
Suddenly, Madam Astera let out a scream of pain, but I couldn’t afford to slow down as I could see the tendrils of black flames in the air.
My very thoughts of surviving molded itself into the elements. Gales of wind coalesced beneath my feet as even the uneven ground smoothed out in front of us to make a clear path.
It didn’t matter though. The sky darkened as the black flames were about to engulf us, but neither the scalding burn nor the searing pain came.
I peeked back just over my shoulder to see Nico using his own black flames to block hellfire that the scythe had unleashed.
“Get them out of here!” Elijah shouted as he struggled to keep the powerful explosion at bay.
“Hold onto me tight!” Tess exclaimed as she withdrew her beast will and conjured a condensed orb of wind in her palms.
I squeezed her waist tightly as she unleashed a gale of wind behind us, propelling us forward. I stumbled and nearly fell forward by the sudden force but Madam Astera actually stabbed her sword into the ground, allowing me to regain my balance.
Continuing to run until I couldn’t feel the heat any longer, I toppled forward from sheer exhaustion. Still, I made sure to cling tightly onto keeping Realmheart Physique active. I knew that once I released it, the backlash would hit me—hard.
Ignoring the dull, radiating pain that was growing stronger by the minute, I inhaled more ambient mana like a drug addict on the cusp of his crash.
I couldn’t even cycle and purify it through my mana core, which made the mana poison to my body. Realmheart Physique would’ve helped with purifying the poisonous mana but I had taken in too much during this battle.
But what’s a little more poison for my already deteriorating body? I just needed to hold on and get the rest of them out of here safely.
“Stay with me!” Tess said to someone from behind, voice shaky but strong.
With the ambient mana temporarily boosting the functions of my body, I wiped a stray drop of blood that fell down from my nostril and turned around.

My eyes widened and in my head I was already starting to calculate the odds of their survival...and it just got a whole lot worse.
It was Madam Astera. She was missing her right leg from the mid-calf down and Tess was doing what she could to soothe her wounds using water magic while Nyphia was preparing bandages made from ripped strips of her own inner robe.

“My foot got caught in that explosion. I knew I couldn’t put out that black fire so I cut it off,” she grunted. For a split second, I admired the fact that, for such a petite woman who had just lobbed off her own leg, she was barely even grimacing.
Then, reality sank in as I felt the tremendous pressure of the scythe fast approaching.
“Damn it!” I cursed, already turning my gaze from the disabled soldier and to the scythe almost upon us.
To my surprise, however, Nico marched past us, a smoky nebula surrounding him as if illustrating his anger.
“Tessia almost died because of your attack, Cadell!” Nico roared. “I’m sure Agrona made it clear to you that she is to stay alive!”
I finally knew the name of the scythe that had killed Sylvia when I was a child in this world.
Cadell landed deftly on the ground as if he had just stepped off the sidewalk. His stride was leisurely yet confident, each step demanding your attention.
I made sure to position myself between Cadell and my allies behind me while taking note of the rising tension.
‘Arthur! I’m almost there,’ Sylvie relayed. I could already see her large figure in the sky above some distant buildings.
Cadell noticed as well, his gaze flitting behind him for a second before he focused on Nico.
“If I had not acted in the way that I did, the vessel would have escaped,” he responded apathetically before turning to me.
“That doesn’t justify you risking her life! We had a deal,” Nico snapped, a tendril of black smokey aura flaring out at the ground and creating a large gash.
“You would’ve failed on your own. Why? Because of your past with the boy. If you weren’t so fixated on getting your revenge against your old friend, then the vessel would have already been in your possession.”
Sylvie was almost here, and while it would’ve been smart to leave them alone to buy ourselves time, I couldn’t ignore what they were speaking about. Even though I knew I would regret it, I just had to know.
Cadell and Nico fell silent and turned to me as they felt the sudden pressure I released. Straightening my back and hiding any signs of weakness, I stood tall and let my pressure weigh down on the surrounding area.
Cadell raised a brow as he studied me. “Looks like you still have some fight left in you.”
“Explain what you meant when you said vessel,” I demanded, my voice carrying with the help of mana despite the near-whisper of a volume that I spoke.
“You said taking Tess isn’t going to bring Cecilia back, right?” Nico replied, his voice a lot calmer than it was before. “Well, what if it will?”
“Then I would say you’re out of your mind,” I retorted, staying strong despite the burning needles stabbing every inch of my body.
“This is what Agrona has been researching and perfecting over the past few hundred years, Grey, and your reincarnation was what allowed everything he had worked for to turn the gears into motion,” Nico explained. “And that was how I was able to reincarnate into this world. After al,l if someone deserves a new life, it isn’t you...it’s Cecilia and me.”
“Bullshit,” I spat, the word leaving a trail of pain throughout my lungs and throat.
I took a deep breath and let the anger fester inside me in order to mitigate some of the pain coursing through my body. Once more, I desperately tried to move the aether, but the motes of purple wouldn’t budge. The pain grew stronger with each attempt and I could feel my body deteriorating.
To make matters worse, the gate was destroyed and there wasn’t another one nearby.
It wasn’t fair. No matter how much stronger I became, why did I always just barely lack the power to win?
Damn it. Damn it. Come on, now would be a great time for a weapon! I pleaded, clawing at the palm of my hand where that bastard asura, Wren, had stuck that acclorite.
Tess suddenly gripped my wrist. “Arthur, stop! What are you doing to your hand?”
Just then—as everyone’s eyes were on me—I felt hot liquid pour down my nose, spilling on my hand.
“Art? Your nose...” Tess gently touched my shoulder, worried.
I hurriedly wiped the blood running down my nose and lips and looked back up to see Cadell’s lips curved into a smirk. “You’re body is breaking down, isn’t it, Lance?”
“What? Is that true?” Tess asked. “How bad is it?”
“I’ll be okay,” I lied, shrugging her away. I couldn’t even look her in the eye. Instead, I kept my eyes focused on the opponents ahead.
Talking was pointless now and whatever that asura jabbed into my hand wouldn’t help me now.
Whether it was Elijah or Nico, it didn’t matter. He was an enemy trying to take Tess, and they wouldn’t stop there.
I infused mana into my legs and prepared to make whatever desperate attempt of an attack I could make, but a small girl stood in the way.
“Sylvie. Don’t try and stop me,” I muttered, cladding my degrading body in mana in preparation for one last battle.
“Would you stop even if I tried?” my bond asked solemnly. She took a step to the side as a golden-white aura flared to life around her. “If you’re so bent on killing yourself, We’ll go together.”
Cadell and Elijah clad themselves in their dark mana as well. The ground cracked and splintered around us as whoever was left from the Alacryan side had all run away.
“Nyphia. Take Tess and Madam Astera as far away as possible,” I said, looking back over my shoulder. Shifting my gaze down at Madam Astera’s stump, I forged a prosthetic leg out of stone before turning back. “And don’t stop.”
“Elf Princess,” Cadell said his smirk widening. “If your dearly beloved stays in that form any longer, whether he wins or loses this battle, he’ll die.”

“Leave her out of this!” I shouted but by the time I turned around, Tess had already shrugged off Nyphia.
Tess didn’t speak to me, though. Instead, she gripped Sylvie’s wrist and asked her, “He’s lying, right? Tell me he’s lying, Sylvie!”
Sylvie looked at me, but didn’t respond.
“I’ll be fine, Tess,” I lied again, but my words were met with a venomous tear-filled glare.
“You always do this. You’re always ready to give up your life to save me,” she shot back.
“Tess...” I grabbed her arm.
“Do you think I’d be grateful if you died to save me?” she asked, her lips quivering.
She wrapped her hand over mine and peeled herself from my grip. She touched my forehead with hers as she closed her eyes, chest heaving erratically as she held back sobs.
She let out a whisper after placing her lips against mine. “You idiot.”
Then she tore herself away from me and walked off, straight towards the enemy.
“No!” I stepped forward, ready to sprint after her, when Sylvie held me back, wrapping her arms around my waist.
“Sylvie! No! You can’t do this to me!”
“Arthur, please...” Sylvie begged, her small body trembling. “I don’t want you to die.”
I watched helplessly as Tess walked away, the sound of blood pounding in my head muting every other sound. I couldn’t even hear my own shouts as I begged Tess to stop, to let me fight, to let me die.
I watched as Tess turned back and smiled at me before saying something. I couldn’t hear it though. They may have been Tess’ last words and I couldn’t hear them.
No. I couldn’t let this happen.
My gazes flitted down to my bloody palm as I checked once more with the faint hope that the weapon would appear.
It didn’t, and I didn’t have time.
As Sylvie hugged me tighter, forcing me away from Tess as she walked towards Nico and Cadell, I wedged my hand inside my protective chest plate and pulled out the medallion that Elder Rinia had given me to bring Tess back—a reminder that this entire world and countless others would fall to Agrona if Tess was in his hands.
It all made sense now. For whatever reason, Tess was meant to be the vessel for Cecilia. Maybe it was because of our relationship in this world that created the bridge, but that didn’t matter.
If both Nico and I became this strong after reincarnating into this world, how strong would Cecilia, the ‘legacy,’ be if she reincarnated into Tess’ body?
“Sylvie. You know what Rinia said,” I pleaded, studying the ancient relic in my hand. “We can’t let them have Tess.”
Sylvie shook her head, her face still buried in my chest. “We’ll both get stronger. As long as we live, we have a chance.”
I felt my insides churn as I stood on my last few minutes of Realmheart, but I continued to study the medallion. Something about it that I hadn’t noticed before now stood out to me within this fully assimilated state of Realmheart Physique.
The recent memory of Rinia drawing the aetheric runes on the gate resurfaced and the hours I spent in that ancient cave watching Sylvie meditate while influencing the aether around her connected together instinctively in a way that my mind couldn’t fathom but my body could.
Sylvie sensed the change in the air as I got to work.
“A-Arthur? What are you doing?” my bond cried desperately, her gaze shifting around as she witnessed my act.
“I’m sorry,” I whispered as a metallic taste filled my mouth.
I dispersed the gathered aether I had influenced. I reached out with my arms, one pointed at Nyphia and Madam Astera, the other directed at Tess.
And suddenly, we were in a separate space. This was different from Static Void where I was in the same space as the rest of the world.
No, I had created a separate pocket dimension and brought everyone along with me.
With no time to waste, I threw the medallion that had the coordinates engraved in it and created a teleportation portal of my own.
“Into the portal, now! ” I shouted as I struggled to keep the portal stable.
Madam Astera was the one that made it work. Wasting no time, she picked up Nyphia and sprinted towards the portal with the prosthetic leg I had conjured for her. After tossing Nyphia into the portal, she ran after Tess, who was a few paces away still.
I restructured the size of the pocket dimension, bringing Tess closer to Madam Astera and the portal.
Without even the chance to get a word out, I saw Tess get sucked into the portal. Madam Astera looked at me for a second before giving me a nod and jumping through the portal herself.
“Sylvie... it’s t-time to go,” I said, my bond just looking at me in horror.
She reached up and wiped the tears streaming from my eyes, only to see her fingers covered in blood... my blood.
“A-Arthur, you’re not going to make it,” Sylvie said as I felt her consciousness go deeper into mine. I couldn’t shield my thoughts from her in my state anymore, leaving me an open book.
“The portal isn’t...going to stay stable for much longer, Sylv. P-Please, I can’t have you die too,” I said, smiling while trying to keep blood from leaking out of my mouth.
A wave of blinding pain hit me and the pocket dimension rippled like a bubble about to pop. Disoriented, I tried to force Sylvie into the portal when she began glowing purple.
“Sylv? What are you—” My eyes widened in horror as I realized what she was doing.
The light spread until an all-too-familiar dragon was standing in front of me.
“Try to keep yourself alive while I’m gone, okay?” Sylvie said as she gave me a toothy grin.
“Sylv, no! Don’t do this!” I screamed. Desperate, I tried to push her to the portal, but my hands went through her.
Sylvie’s body was turning ethereal and she was fading as motes of lavender and gold began leaving her and attaching themselves to my body.
My body writhed in unimaginable pain at the sudden change it was going through, but I held on, unwilling to pass out. My vision faded as I screamed out to Sylvie, but her last words were cut off as she pushed me through the portal with the last remaining corporeal limb she had left.
My bond had left me with one word before she faded: ‘...again.’





Chapter 250
Chapter 250: Hello Darkness
Darkness. Complete darkness.
I was floating, hovering in an utter reflectionless black. Whether I was drifting along or suspended in place, I couldn’t tell.
All knew was that there was nothing else—no sound, taste, smell, or touch in this sea of perpetual darkness.
It was peaceful at first. I felt like I was both nothing and everything at the same time. I felt like a tiny spec in a vast universe, yet I also felt like nothing else existed aside from myself.
However, as time passed, I recalled more of what I was. I was a human...with hands, feet, and a body.
Yet, I couldn’t feel anything. I tried curling my fingers and toes. I tried flaring my nostrils, opening my mouth. I couldn’t feel anything. I couldn’t even feel myself breathe.
Fear took hold quickly. It didn’t come in any physiological signs that I was accustomed to. No thumping of my heart, no quickening of my breath, no trembling of my body.
Hell, I wished I could feel it—anything to verify that something more than just my consciousness existed. But I was stuck here as time passed by with no way to keep track.
I tried everything to stay sane. I screamed, yet no sound came out. I tried biting off my own tongue yet there was no sensation.
I simply existed.
And I grew more and more mad with each subjective second that passed.
Insanity effervesced, spreading and covering every corner of my consciousness. However, the hallucinations that I expected, hoped for—wished for—never came. None of the symptoms of insanity could be materialized in a world with literally nothing else and a body that I wasn’t even sure I had, let alone felt.
I soon grew bored of the incessant fear, anxiety, dread, and paranoia that gripped at my insides...if I even had insides. Memories that felt like they were on the tip of my hypothetical tongue were never within reach for me to truly recollect.
Time passed but in a state of nothingness, it was hard to even guess whether it was going by fast or slow.
It was only when I felt a slight prickle on my...arm—yes, my arm—that I jolted out of my stupor.
I had felt something for the first time. A few moments later, I felt another prickle, this time one that spread across my chest. Those prickles soon escalated into sharp piercing pains but I didn’t care. Even pain was verifiable proof that I existed outside of my consciousness.
I waited for the next bout of pain. The feeling of scalding needles digging into each and every one of my pores would have driven me insane from the torment they caused but after the subjective eons of literal nothingness, I welcomed each and every increasingly agonizing round of burning, piercing pain across every millimeter of my body.
More excitingly, my vision began brightening until the void I was in turned lighter and lighter.

It might’ve been from the sheer pain I was in but as the white overtook more and more of my vision, I felt like I had experienced this once before.
That’s when it clicked.
No. No. Please don’t tell me I’m reincarnating again.
A wave of panic overtook me as I approached the hazy clouds of white.
My eyes shot open to see that my blurry gaze was level with the ground, my cheek pressed flat against a smooth, hard floor.
Immediately, I tried to move, trying to reassure myself that I was once again not a newborn. I couldn’t start over again, not now. There was too much left to do, so many people I had to protect. My mother, my sister, Virion, Tess, Sylvie.
Sylvie!
I struggled to even lift my head, the piercing surges of pain still encompassing all of my body.
This wasn’t a good sign.
My body felt foreign to me, heavy and stiff like wearing a suit of armor designed for a different—much larger—species.
I pried open my lips and forced a note from my throat. “Ah...Ahhh.”
The familiar clear baritone voice rang in my ear, filling me with some semblance of relief.
I gritted my teeth, and swallowed, sending a burning sting down my esophagus.
Teeth! I have teeth!
No longer fearing the possibility that I was once more an infant, I worked on trying to get myself off the ground.
Trying to lift my arms was the first major roadblock to my goal. I might as well have been trying to uproot one of the centuries-old trees in the Elshire Forest because my body wouldn’t budge. Instead, I was met with another wave of piercing pain across my entire body like someone was trying to massage me with a spiked mace that had been lit on fire.
After several attempts trying to—god forbid—lift my own body, and passing out several times from the pain that came after, I gave up.
Still, I was somewhat relieved by the pain. Not in a masochistic sort of way, but the fact that I could feel pain meant that my body might just be injured rather than completely paralyzed. And after all that time spent in everlasting darkness, the limited field of view I had in the room I was in was still a sight for sore eyes.
By the curved walls that ran across my field of vision, it seemed like I was in a large circular room. Smooth white pillars without a trace of decay held the ceiling up. A warm ethereal light glowed brightly from the sconces that lined up along the walls, spaced out evenly every few feet while familiar but indecipherable runes were etched in between them.
I pried my gaze away from the tantalizing lights and focused on the ground—or more specifically, what was on the ground.

Blood. Lots of it.
But the blood was dried brown and caked on the corners where the floor met the walls. It was hard to tell how long the walls and floors had been bloodied but as more and more areas of dried blood pools became visible the more carefully I looked, it seemed like this was some sort of grounds for injured people...or injured beasts.

I shivered at the thought of a bloodthirsty mana beast standing behind me in my vulnerable state. The only source of comfort came from the fact that I hadn’t been eaten already.
I tried moving again to little avail. I still felt like I was in some sort of shell whenever I tried to move, as if this body wasn’t my own.
After time had passed and I ran out of details on the walls, ground, and pillars to distract myself with, unwanted and painful memories that I had been pushing back began resurfacing.
Me, fighting against Nico, who had reincarnated into Elijah’s body. Actually, Elijah might’ve always been Nico—I remembered Elijah telling me how his memories before arriving in the kingdom of Darv was all a blur.
I remembered Tess sacrificing herself because I couldn’t win against Cadell, the scythe that had killed Sylvia.
I remembered, by some fluke, that I was able to harness aether in order to create not only a pocket dimension but a teleportation gate as well using the medallion made by the ancient mages. I knew by then that I wasn’t going to make it. My body was barely able to function thanks to Sylvia’s dragon will and aether keeping me alive. I knew that once I withdrew Realmheart, I would feel the full impact of my feeble ‘lesser body’ succumbing to the after-effects of exploiting both mana and aether to such a degree.
And that’s when the most painful memory resurfaced. As if it was branded into my very brain, I was able to recall my last moments with Sylvie, before she pushed me into the unstable portal, with such clarity that I could almost see her in front of me now.
Tears formed, blurring my vision, as sobs threatened to lurch out of my parched throat. Every time I closed my eyes, the memory of Sylvie disappearing right in front of me replayed over and over.
From the bond that we shared, I knew that she had used a powerful aether art to basically sacrifice her own physical body to save me.
I hated her for sacrificing herself.
But more than that, I hated myself for it.
I had been so caught up in trying to handle everything my way—to save Tess, to get my vengeance against the scythe who killed Sylvia, to confront and defeat Nico, my past—that I couldn’t appreciate the one person who stood by me through it all.
I took her for granted, assuming she’d always be here with me.
Now, she was gone.
My stomach lurched and my chest tightened as I held back another sob. I squeezed my eyes shut, grinding my teeth to try and contain myself.
But I couldn’t. I lost Sylvie, the only one who had stayed with me far longer than any other person in this world, trying to save everyone.
“Ghhh...” I heaved, letting out guttural sobs that echoed across the room as if mocking me. “I’m...sorry. I-I’m so sorry...Sylv.”

I couldn’t tell how much time I had spent wallowing in grief and self-pity but I was abruptly jolted by the sensation of pinpricks running up my entire body. It was jarring, as if millions of insects were crawling all over me, beneath my skin.
Another wave came, stronger this time—more painful. And the last wave I remembered feeling, it felt like the millions of bugs underneath my skin had erupted out of me.
***
By the time I pried open my eyes and felt the cool stickiness of saliva pooled underneath my cheek, I knew I had passed out.
Peeling my face off of the wet floor, I turned to my back.
The brief moment of elation at the fact that I could actually move was interrupted by an overwhelming sense of thirst.
Swallowing what little saliva I had left to moisten my dry throat, I pushed myself off of my back. The motion felt off and my body still felt stiff and alien, but I was still excited about my new range of motion.
Sitting on the ground, the first thing to catch my eyes were my own two hands.
“What the...” My hands were pale—almost white—but not just that; there wasn’t a single flaw on my hands that I could see. The calluses on my palms that had accumulated throughout the years of wielding a sword were nowhere to be found. The scars that were strewn across my knuckles from battles were gone. Even the scars on my wrist that I had received battling against that toxic witch—the first retainer I had fought against—were gone, replaced by smooth and pearlescent skin.
It seemed like Sylvie did much more than heal the wounds from abusing Realmheart Physique.
I gnashed my teeth, trying to push away the thought of my bond’s sacrifice before I succumbed to an even deeper pit of dread.
I continued studying my hands, noticing more and more differences with each passing second.
My arms were still toned with the muscles I had accumulated over the years of training, but they were also thinner. My hands also looked smaller and my fingers more delicate—but that might’ve been from the lack of calluses and scars.
It was only when my gaze shifted down to my forearms, more specifically my left forearm, that I felt a sharp pang across my chest.
The mark was gone.
“H-Huh?” I stammered.
Panic rose in me once more as I began frantically turning my arm to see if it was on the other side somehow. The mark was gone. The mark that I had gotten after forming my bond with Sylvie had completely vanished alongside all of the scars and calluses that had riddled my hands and arms.
“Before you get all weepy, look to your right,” a clear, cynical voice resounded nearby.
Not threatened by the voice for some reason, I turned to my right to see an iridescent stone the size of my palm.
My eyes widened, and out of sheer instinct, I dove toward the colorful stone and grabbed it to take a closer look.
“I-Is this...”
“Yup. It’s your bond,” the voice said curtly before a black shadow appeared in my peripheral view.
A black will-o-wisp the size of a large marble came into view, except this black floating teardrop had a set of sharp, pure-white eyes staring back at me and two small horns jutting on the sides of its... head.
I felt my mouth open, as I tried to talk, but before I could continue, the black teardrop-shaped will-o-wisp with horns and eyes floated closer to me. It dipped, as if bowing to me, and spoke in an exaggerated tone.
“Greetings, my pitiful master. I am Regis, the mighty weapon that has finally manifested and crawled out of your metaphorical ass.”





Chapter 251
Chapter 251: The Next Message
I bristled in anger at the sight of the black ball of flames.
“Why...” I seethed.
“Why what?” it looked back in confusion. It’s expression was so lifelike, so...sentient, that it infuriated me even more.
“Why?!” I roared, taking a slow and painful swing at Regis.
My hand slipped through its snarky face, the momentum causing me to lose balance in this debilitating body. I toppled forward, slamming my face hard on the cold smooth floor of wherever the hell I was.
“Don’t do that!” the will-o-wisp snapped before muttering, “...I feel violated.”
Rage continued to bubble up and rise as I stared at my left hand, the exact spot on my palm that Regis had come from. “Why. Why the hell are you here now? After years of draining my mana and doing what you want, why do you appear now?”
I whipped my head up, glaring at the black flame. My vision blurred as tears welled up in my eyes. “If you had come out earlier, I could’ve won. I could’ve saved everyone!”
A trace of what looked almost like...guilt manifested on Regis’ face before the horned will-o-wisp shook its head and turned away. “Well aren’t you a ray of sunshine. Even asuras would die trying to fight over a sentient weapon yet here you are, moping about—”
“I needed you,” I whispered, tears dripping on the ground beneath my face as I clawed the smooth floor.
Regis remained silent as I let all of the emotions out of my system. I was angry at Regis, but I was doing the same thing—using him as an excuse for my own failures.
After some time had passed, my tears ran dry and my parched throat started letting out raspy stutters trying to take in more air.
Regis’ voice sounded from a small distance. “There’s a pool of clean water here. Drink before you cry yourself into a mummy.”
I hesitated, not knowing whether I even deserved water when the small iridescent egg glistened in the corner of my eyes.
“Yes, that’s it. You can do it! Do it for that rock!” Regis cheered, hovering around me like a fly I couldn’t reach.
Pushing aside all of the emotions that weighed down on my body, I dragged myself in the direction Regis led me.
My milky pale arms looked foreign to me, even as I moved. I felt like I was still in a full suit of armor despite being almost bare.
Time crawled alongside me as I slowly pulled myself across the smooth floor, my biggest source of motivation getting my strength back to shut Regis up.
“Come on, pretty boy, almost there,” he continued.
“Shut...up...” I mustered, my voice barely coming out as a wheeze.

“If you have the strength to drawl, you have the strength to crawl!” he intoned.
I’ll kill him, I decided.
I focused my attention on the marble fountain beckoning for me, spouting water so clearly and silently from the top that it looked like glass.
After struggling once more, trying to pull myself up over the rounded base that held the water, I immediately buried my head inside.
It felt like I had slammed my face into a wall of ice, but I didn’t care. I opened my mouth and gulped it all in, the water crisp and cool as it rushed down my throat.
My body continued to swallow mouthfuls of water until I couldn’t hold my breath any longer.
“Gah!” I pulled my head out, gasping for breath, when a curtain of beige covered my vision.
I tried moving it aside, assuming that maybe the back of my shirt had fallen over my head, when Regis chortled behind me.
“You’re acting like a pup seeing its own tail for the first time.”
“What are you talking about?” I grunted, still trying to flip my shirt off of my head.
“That’s your hair, oh-wise-one.”
“Huh? That’s impossi...” I looked down, seeing my reflection for the first time since waking up. My eyes widened.
The person staring back at me looked a lot like myself yet a bit older, with sharper features and skin the same milky white as my arms.
The red scar around my throat that I had gotten from the witch was no longer there, showing only a smooth long neck and adam’s apple.
But what shocked me the most were the changes in my hair and eyes. My eyes were a piercing gold and the color seemed to have been completely washed out of my once-auburn hair. The head of deep reddish brown was now a grayish wheat color, even more pale than Sylvie’s hair in her human form.
My chest tightened at the sight of my reflection, my own hair and eyes now a sore reminder of what my bond had done for me.
“W-What is this? Why do I—” A scream suddenly tore out from my throat as a searing pain ignited inside me, as if my mana core had caught on fire.
My vision doubled and became hazy until I heard a voice. It was one that I hadn’t heard in a long time, but one I could never forget.
“Hello, Art, this is Sylvia.”
My heart pounded against my ribs as excitement rose up. “S-Sylvia?”
“I recorded this at the same time as my first message to you, but I suspect that, for you, it has been quite a while since hearing my voice. Haha, I suppose I should say that it has been a while.”
I let out a laugh as I felt fresh tears stream down my cheeks.

“I’m conflicted by the fact that you’re hearing this message. On the one hand, I’m proud that you’ve been able to get to where you are now. But the fact that you’ve had to push yourself to this point means that life has not been easy for you, perhaps even more difficult than your previous one.”
I felt the weight of her somber tone but continued to listen.

“Having gotten to this stage means that you’ve had to battle foes much stronger than you in life-or-death situations and based on history, I can only assume that it would be Agrona and the Vritra that serve him.”
I bristled at the mention of Agrona’s name, but Sylvia’s voice only seemed sad...almost heartbroken.
“I figure that a war between Agrona and the asuras is inevitable, and Dicathen can only be caught in the middle of it. There is much to tell you with the limited amount of information I can store without it being traceable so I shall be succinct.
“With my daughter as your bond and the fact that you are reborn, my father will most likely have taken extreme measures to bring you in and most likely even train you. And through your exposure to my people, you’ve most likely received a very one-sided story.”
Again, Sylvia’s voice was tinged with sadness.
“The tension between the Vritra and the other asuran clans are not as simple as they’ve made it out to you. Unlike fairy tales and bedtime stories for children, life does not always have a good and bad side—only a ‘my side’ and ‘their side.’
“Agrona can’t be forgiven for all of the atrocities he has committed over the centuries, but neither can the other asuras—myself included.”
Confusion replaced and overwhelmed my other emotions.
“Agrona, who had always been fascinated by the lives of lessers, had been the one to uncover the ruins of a civilization of mages. Mages that had learned to harness aether.
“And it was only a matter of time after this discovery that he found why they had fallen despite their technological and magical—both mana and aether—advancements. Centuries ago, the Indrath clan had brought upon genocide of these ancient mages.”
What? Why would they kill off a—my questions were interrupted by Sylvia’s answer in her message.
“The Indrath Clan had been distinguished as leaders of the other asuran clans and basically revered as beings closest to true gods not just for our strength but because our control over aether could not be replicated by any others. But after, one of the emissaries from the Indrath Clan discovered that there were a reclusive civilization of lessers that were able to harness their powers.
“Fearing that their power and authority would be questioned, the elders ordered for their...elimination. From what I’ve been told, unlike our clan that had developed and trained our aether arts for battle, these ancient mages had only sought to improve life through technological advancements.”
Sylvia let out a sigh and remained silent for a few moments before continuing.
“Needless to say, their genocide had been kept as the Indrath Clan’s darkest secret and their technology had been concealed and studied, but because of how elaborate their underground cities were, we were never sure if we had truly discovered all that they had hidden. Which is why the lesser kin of dragons inhabit both Alacrya and Dicathen, making sure even now that there aren’t any of the ancient mages left alive.
“Agrona had found one of these concealed ruins and threatened to expose the Indrath Clan for their wrongdoings and noblesse oblige that we asuras held over lessers. You can imagine how my clan elders reacted to this. Taking advantage of the fact that Agrona loved to disguise himself to sneak off to Dicathen and Alacrya for his research, they accused him of having intimate relations with lessers before exiling him to Alacrya.”
I shook my head. It was such a cliché—even amongst higher, older beings, there was still political strife.
“My biggest regret was allowing my family to completely destroy the life of my betrothed...and my unborn child’s father.”
My jaw slackened as I felt my eyes bulge from their sockets. So not only did Agrona not escape Epheotus like Windsom had told me, Agrona was also Sylvia’s future husband and Sylvie’s father?

“Signs of my pregnancy only showed only a few months after Agrona had been exiled. Normally, a new member of the Indrath Clan being born was a rare and celebrated occasion but I knew that neither my clan nor any of the clans of the Great Eight would approve of me having this child, and so when I learned one night that my father was planning an assassination for Agrona in Alacrya, I knew I had to get to Agrona first.
“I confess that I was young and foolish, Arthur. Rebelling against my parents for depriving me of the man I thought I loved, I found Agrona in Alacrya before the unit my father had sent after him could. It was then that I found, not the coy and charming knowledge-seeker I had fallen in love with, but a man driven mad after the betrayal of his clansmen and his love—me.
“He and his loyal followers from the Vritra Clan had scoured through the buried texts of the ancient mages and tried to build upon their work in a different direction, using the lessers as test subjects. I do not know what his end plans are aside from conquering Epheotus, but he had been investigating an element—an edict, higher than what aether encompasses, above that of time, space, and life. Fate.”
The word ‘fate’ immediately brought to mind one person. Elder Rinia. She was not only a diviner but someone who could control aether. She had expressed adamantly that she was not related to the ancient mages but...
My brain hurt from trying to wrap all of this information together.
“Fate ties into not only the life we live in now but lives elsewhere and elsewhen.”
My breath hitched.
“I would surmise this sounding familiar to you. Fate, afterall, is the core component to reincarnation. Agrona believed that the vessel was the key component in forceful application of reincarnation, which is why I could not risk you falling into Agrona’s hands. After finding out that I had carried a child from both the basilisk and dragon lineage, he kept me imprisoned until I gave birth. Of course, I couldn’t let my child be subject to his cruel experiments so I locked my child in the pocket dimension that I created within the stone.
“As I have said before, I could not figure out the scope of Agrona’s plans before my escape, but I found that there are four ruins built by the ancient mages that he nor any other asurans are able to cross into. I was able to imprint and pass on the locations of these four major ruins that Agrona had been breeding and sending lessers into in hopes to learn more about what is down there.
“What I am leaving you with is not some grand quest; that was never my intention. But if you are in a situation where you are lost or feel weak and outnumbered, perhaps the answer Agrona is looking for is the answer you are as well.
“Take care of my daughter and yourself. Goodbye, little one.”
Just like that, Sylvia’s voice faded, leaving me stunned in such complete silence that it was palpable. It was only when Regis appeared out of my body that I jolted out of my daze.
“Well, that was a lot to take in,” the black will-o-wisp said, letting out a sigh.
I stared at him, dumbfounded. “You were able to hear all of that?”
“Why else would I want to literally be inside you.” He rolled his eyes. “Now, I’ve got some good news and bad news—well, two pretty good news and one really bad news. What do you want to hear first?”
I hobbled back to the area where the iridescent stone was and picked my bond up—Sylvia’s daughter that she had entrusted me to take care of.
“Let’s just start with the good news,” Regis said, hovering in front of me. “Based on what I discovered while you were lying over there half-dead, I think we’re actually in one of the hidden ruins of the ancient mages.”
I pried my gaze off of the stone in my hand and looked up. “What?”
“Yup, take a look at the door on the opposite end of this room. Along with the dried blood and drinkable water fountain, I’d say that this is some sort of waiting grounds for whatever horrendous challenges that the ancient mages built to keep outsiders from whatever knowledge is stored at the bottom.”
After looking at the metal door etched with runes along the frame, I studied Regis.
“You’re pretty smart,” I admitted.
Regis gasped. “I have gained master’s approval! I am worthy!”
Ignoring him, I looked back down at the small stone in my hand.
“The second good news is one you probably guessed, but I confirmed that Sylvie is alive by taking a peek inside.”
“You went inside here?” I asked, holding up the stone.
“Bite me. I was curious,” he—assuming by the timbre of his voice—quipped. “Anyway, your bond used a high-level vivum art to give you some of her asuran body in order to save you...”
Regis’ eyes turned sharp. “Which leads me to the bad news.I don’t think you were able to hear Sylvia’s message because you’ve ascended past the white core stage. In fact, your core is damaged beyond recognition.”





Chapter 252
Chapter 252: Resolve
“Damaged? No, that’s not...” my voice trailed off as I felt the internal condition of my body.
Regis was right. When I tried to spread mana throughout my body, an act as natural as breathing by this point, I was only met with a slight tingle.
I tried once more, this time trying to gather ambient mana. This time, I couldn’t even feel anything—no blanket of warmth like before when mana once rushed inside me and coalesced in my core.
“No,” I muttered, heaving my heavy body up onto my feet.
I threw a jab, my punch painfully slow even as I channeled mana from my core through the necessary parts of my body needed to carry out a punch.
“Arthur...” Regis sighed.
Ignoring him, I pivoted and kicked forward. I stumbled and fell, unable to even keep balance.
Pushing myself up, I tried moving my body again. It was a bit easier this time, but it still felt like my time as a toddler in this world. My brain knew how to move, but my body just wouldn’t listen.
I fell, and I fell again, each time more infuriating and embarrassing than the last.
Finally, as my face hit the smooth floor, my arms unable to even react in time to cushion my fall, I stayed on the ground.
I roared in frustration, slamming my head into the ground. “What the hell is wrong with me!”
All of that hard work. Years upon years of training and refining my core, learning to control all of the elements effectively, all gone.
I pounded my head on the ground again, barely feeling anything more than a dull throb despite how hard the floor shook. I let out another scream that had been tugging at my throat, desperate to be let out.
Whether I had calmed myself or had just run out of energy, I didn’t know, but I found myself staring at the iridescent stone—the pocket dimension where Sylvie resided.
She had sacrificed her life for me and was reduced back to this state. Because of all of the stupid choices I made, she was the one that paid the price.
If I can’t get things together for myself, I need to do it for her. At the very least, I owe her that.
I got up and silently made my way back to the water fountain. Cupping my hands, I brought the cold water to my mouth and drank. Quenching my thirst, I splashed some water on my face before taking a hard look at my reflection.
A slightly older and sharper-faced Arthur looked back at me with piercing gold eyes. My hair reminded me of bleached sand as it flowed just past my shoulder in waves. Even the texture of my new hair mimicked Sylvie, sending another pang of guilt.
Ripping a thin strip of cloth from the tattered pants that I was wearing in my last battle, I tied the back of my hair.
“What do we do now?” I mustered, turning to Regis.
The floating black ball of fire with horns cocked a brow—or at least, that’s what it looked like—before saying, “You realize you’re asking advice from a weapon, right?”
I remained silent, staring at him until he clicked his tongue...or whatever he had in that large mouth of his.

“No fun,” he grumbled before floating toward me. “Well, it’s not like we have much of a choice, seeing as there is only one way out of this room.”
“So we just go through the door?” I confirmed, already heading through the large metal door.
“Hold it, Goldilocks,” he began. “Are you trying to get yourself killed?”
“What do you mean?” I asked before the familiar term registered in my brain. “And how do you know who Goldilocks is?”
“I’m made from you, remember? All of the things you know, whether from this life or your past life, has influenced what I am right now,” he answered. “So really, if you’re annoyed at my wonderful personality, you’re really just annoyed at yourself.”
“I don’t remember ever being this sardonic or derisive,” I retorted.
“Well...to be more specific, I guess I’m an amalgamation of you, Sylvia, your bond, and that charming stud of a beast, Uto,” the floating black fire explained.
That’s when it clicked. Regis had reminded me of Uto. While his horns were shaped more like Sylvie’s, out of the three, Uto’s nature was the most prominent in Regis—just a lot more toned down by Sylvia, Sylvie, and my mix of personalities.
“Anyway,” he droned, “You’re not in a state where you should be going through any sort of door haphazardly, especially if this entire place was meant to keep people out.”
“Yeah, I know,” I cut in. “My core is pretty messed up and my body feels like it’s made of lead or something, but it’s not like we can just stay here.”
“Disregarding your injured core for a moment, do you remember when I said that Sylvie used some pretty heavy aether voodoo on you to keep your body from basically destroying itself?”
I nodded my head. “Mhm.”
“Well, perhaps the one good thing that came out of all of this—aside from myself, of course—is your new body,” Regis explained. “Your body, while not being completely draconic, is pretty damn close,” Regis explained.
My eyes widened and I immediately lowered my head, looking down at my arms and the rest of my body. Aside from the color of my hair and eyes changing, the features of my face becoming a little sharper and my skin becoming paler, it didn’t feel any different from my body—actually, it felt worse than my usual self.
Regis answered, as if reading my thoughts. “I’m not sure how much pain you actually remember feeling, but you nearly died during this ‘metamorphosis.’ It’ll take some time and a lot of effort to temper your body.”
“How do I temper this new body of mine, and what happens after I’m able to?” I asked.
“Beats the hell out of me,” Regis quipped. “I’m knowledgeable but I’m not some floating encyclopedia.”
“So you just want me to wait here and hope that my body will get better?” I snapped. “What about you? You’re supposed to be a powerful weapon tailored for me, can’t I use you to get out of here, or is floating around and talking the only thing you know how to do?”
“Oh screw you!” Regis cut in, staring daggers at me. “I’ve been nothing but helpful after you practically killed yourself.”
“I wouldn’t have had to go so far if you had come out during my last battle, but I guess it wouldn’t have mattered if you did come out then. It’s not like you could’ve been any help!”
“Boo-friggin-hoo!” Regis mocked. “The only reason you are alive and sane right now is because of me!”
“What?” I asked, confused.
“Do you know why I have four very different personalities swirling inside me, one of which wants me to kill you very painfully?”
Thinking back to when the acclorite had absorbed most of the mana that was stored in Uto’s horn, I got even more annoyed. “Yes! Because you stole most of the mana from Uto’s horn—mana that would’ve helped make me stronger!”
“If it hadn’t been for me taking most of it, you would’ve been driven mad,” Regis snarled. “Instead, I get the pleasure of having oh-so-pleasurable psychopathic tendencies every so often!”

Stunned, I didn’t respond.
Time seemed to stop for a moment as we remained silent until Regis spoke up glumly. “I don’t know what I am. It might’ve been because I was forced out of you before I could fully develop, but I’m not even sure what sort of weapon I am either, and it’s been driving me crazy.”
I sank down on the ground and let out a sigh. “Looks like we’re both in a pretty messed up state right now.”

“True, but you dug yourself into the hole you’re in right now, pretty boy. I was forced into it,” Regis smirked.
I let out a laugh. “You’re right.”
Taking out the stone that Sylvie was slumbering inside of, I stared at it longingly. I missed Sylvie. She would’ve known what to do with everything I’d been told.
Panic rose inside me as I thought of Sylvia’s message and everything it entailed. If the Indrath Clan was capable of committing genocide just because they felt their authority being threatened, the asuras were no better than Agrona and the Vritra Clan.
Sylvia said that four ruins protected from asuras made by the ancient mages held the key to wielding fate...whatever that meant. Fate was such an abstract concept that even having reincarnated into this world, I still found it hard to believe.
But what can I do? My mana core is destroyed to the point where even if I can start using mana again, I don’t think it can ever get to the same heights as before. My body may be draconic now, but I don’t even know what that fully means, and the weapon that I’ve been waiting for...
“Get down!” Regis suddenly hissed, suddenly flying into my body.
‘Stay up against the wall and act dead, or at least unconscious!’ Regis asserted, his voice echoing inside my head.
I backed up against the wall and fell to the ground just in time to see a column of blue light appear in the center of the room.
Letting my bangs cover my face, I kept my eyes open despite Regis’s insistence.
As the pillar of blue dimmed, I was able to make out the silhouette of three figures. My heartbeat quickened, excited to see other people here, when Regis berated me, telling me not to even think about getting up.
The light completely faded, leaving only the three figures standing in the center of the room—two males and one female.
The larger of the two men was clad in a mixture of plated and leather armor that did little to hide his bulging muscles. He carried in each hand a spiked mace, both dripping with blood that matched the color of his short crimson hair.
The slimmer brown-haired one still was built like an athlete, with broad shoulders and toned arms underneath a brushed-silver suit of armor.
It was the girl that spotted me first with her two red eyes that shone like crystals underneath a curtain of midnight blue—almost navy—hair.
Her statuesque form layered in what looked more like a uniform than armor, turned my way as she studied me.
It only took a moment for the two men beside her to notice me, and when they did, they didn’t react nearly as subtly as the woman had.
The larger one swung his mace, splattering an arc of blood on the ground as he approached me, while the brown-haired warrior withdrew a longsword out of thin air and positioned himself between myself and the girl. His sharp eyes narrowed as a soft vibration hummed from his large blade.
I shut my eyes, afraid that they’d see me awake.
Shit, what do we do, Regis?
‘Stay down! You’re no match for any one of these three right now.’

He’s going to kill me!
‘Wait! Don’t move until I tell you!’
I peeked open an eye to see the crimson-haired man towering over me.
‘Not yet!’ Regis hissed in my head.
“Leave her,” the girl stated.
‘Pfft! She thinks you’re a girl!’ Regis snickered.
Shut up.
“She might be a threat to us in the lower levels, Lady Caera,” the large man warned. “There are those who feign weakness to make us lower our guards.”
“Have some pity on her, Taegen. The fact that neither of you were able to sense her immediately means that her mana core is broken,” the girl said. “She won’t be a threat. Now, let’s move. We’ll rest in the next sanctuary room.”
Taegen let out a dissatisfied grunt before turning around, following after the other two.
I let out a mental breath of relief as I began to relax when I saw it. All three of their outfits had purposely left their spines revealed, covered either by chainmail or a thin mesh that I could clearly see through. And running down all three backs, along their spines, were the same kind of runes I had seen on so many Alacryan mages.
Anger flared within my chest, and immediately, the man named Taegen whirled around to face me.
Calm yourself, Arthur, I said to myself.
Time seemed to crawl as the mace-wielder studied me, confused.
“Let’s go!” the other man called out to Taegen, and the crimson-haired warrior turned back.
I must’ve waited for over thirty minutes even after they had left through the door before I got up.
“Wow, now that got my little black heart pumping!” Regis exclaimed, shooting out of my body. “It’s a good thing that gorgeous woman has a heart as large as her ti—”
“Regis!” I snapped.
My floating companion shot me a wicked grin. “Aww, is someone still upset that they were called a girl?”
“No, I’m—”
“You can check your pants if you want. You’re still a guy,” Regis cut in.
I let out a sigh. “I know, Regis. Now, why are Alacryans here?” I asked, changing the topic.
“You heard Sylvia’s message. Agrona has been sending his people down into the ruins that asuras can’t go into,” he replied.
Suddenly a feeling of dread washed over me. “Does that mean we’re somewhere below Alacrya now?”
“Beats me, but if those ancient mages were able to tinker with aether to an extent where even Agrona wants to know their secrets, I’m guessing that we can be anywhere in the world—this room that we’re in right now could be somewhere in the bottom of the ocean and that door could be a portal that takes us to the other side of the world!”
Closing my eyes, I brought up the locations of the four ancient ruins that Sylvia said she had imparted me with. What I realized was that it wasn’t some sort of internal map laid out for me to visualize. It was more like an artificial memory that had been embedded into my brain. It confirmed for me what Regis said earlier—we were inside one of the four ancient ruins. What it didn’t tell me was where this ruin was located in the world.
“So what’s the plan, Milady?” Regis chimed.
I kept my eyes shut as I took a deep breath. Relying on the habits I had developed throughout my lifetime as Grey, I bottled up the emotions gnawing away at my mind and body. I tightly packed and stored the feelings of panic and dread that encroached on my mind. I tucked away the stray thoughts that lay scattered about and wrapped it shut, leaving me with a simmering anger to give me strength, and the cool and comforting numbness to actually think ahead.
Whatever was on the other side of that door, those three likely took down or cleared through most of it. I couldn’t waste an opportunity like this.
I opened my eyes with newfound resolve and I turned to Regis. “Let’s go.”





Chapter 253
Chapter 253: A Healthy Appetite
Preparations didn’t take very long, especially since our inventory was basically nonexistent. I tore off what was left of my tattered shirt, revealing milky white skin that didn’t seem to have any sort of muscle definition.
“Great,” I muttered, looking down at my body.
“Why so glum? You have a body most would kill for...” Regis started before snickering. “Most girls, that is.”
I swatted at my companion but he zipped out of reach this time.
My long pants were mostly intact thanks to the leather cuisses. Taking off the thick sheets of leather that had been protecting my thighs, I created a makeshift vest by tearing off pieces of the leather with my teeth and using strips of my shirt to tie them together around my waist and over my shoulder.
With the extra strips of fabric I had left, I created a mask to cover my mouth and nose and wrapped the rest around my hands.
“Why the mask? Are you trying to just complete your little ninja ensemble?” Regis asked, inspecting my new appearance.
I curled and uncurled my fingers that were wrapped up to the second knuckle by the cloth. “The Alacryans that passed by had different types of armor that most likely fit their fighting styles, but all three had masks around their necks and unlike ourselves, they seemed to know what it is they’re getting themselves into.”
“Wow. Smart,” Regis acknowledged, bobbing his head up and down.
“Why do you sound so surprised when you know I’ve led two lives?”
“Good point. This one apologizes for his ignorance, Milady.”
I rolled my eyes. This was going to be a long journey.
After going through a series of movements and martial art forms to loosen my clumsy new body with, I walked up to the large metal door feeling even less prepared than I felt before readying myself.
Every time I moved, there was an almost tangible resistance. It felt like the very air around me had been replaced by tar.
I placed my hands on the door filled with runes and let out a sigh. “Are you ready?”
“Let’s go,” Regis said without a trace of mockery.
I pushed open the door with ease and what appeared on the other side looked to be an extension of the room we were in now.
Looking at Regis, I jerked my head towards the door.
“What? Why me?” my companion complained.
“Because. You’re incorporeal,” I said flatly.
Letting out a string of curses, the will-o-wisp hovered toward the other side of the door when he jerked to a stop all of a sudden.
“Ouch! That actually hurt,” he said, more confused than in pain.
“What’s going on?” I asked, carefully waving my hand in the area where Regis got hurt.
Unlike Regis, though, I was able to go through.
“Ouch! Stop that!” Regis snarled, his form quivering.
I did it once more, and Regis yelped in pain again before glaring at me.
“Just wanted to make sure,” I smirked contently.

“I don’t think this is just an entryway to another room,” Regis grumbled. “This is the same kind of pain I get if I move too far from you, but the pain level is a lot more gradual than this.”
“That means this is most likely a portal,” I replied, looking at the room on the other side of the door. “Wait, why did you try to leave me?”
Regis shrugged. “I’m a sentient being. I wanted to know what my limit was and it’s not like I was born inherently loyal to you.”
I shook my head. “I’d be a lot more upset if you were actually useful as a weapon.”
“Touché,” Regis quipped.
“We’ll cross together on three,” I decided.
Regis nodded, positioning himself just behind the doorway. My heart thumped against my ribcage as I felt my senses heighten. I had no idea what we would face as soon as we left this ‘sanctuary’.
“One. Two. Three!” I stepped through alongside Regis, ready for whatever challenges awaited. However, we were met in complete silence aside from the click and hum of the door closing behind us.
The marble floor underneath my feet was flawlessly smooth but unlike the circular room we were in before, this one was a long straight hallway with a ceiling that arched high above our heads with another metal door etched with runes on the other side. Two rows of sconces were lined across the patterned wall, illuminating the hallway in a warm natural light. On either side of us were giant marble statues depicting men and women armed with not just the familiar swords, spears, wands and bows, but also... guns.
Apparently, Regis was just as surprised as I was. “Are those...”
“Guns? I think so,” I answered.
The firearms that some of the statues were holding were different from the ones I was accustomed to from my previous life. They were more archaic, like the ones of the past that still used metal bullets and gunpowder.
My gaze shifted away from the stone statues for a moment, landing on the door straight ahead, roughly three hundred feet or so.
“So we just...walk past these giant stone statues and go to the door on the other side. That’s not ominous at all,” Regis muttered.
Rather than walking straight ahead, I walked over to the wall to my right, searching for any sort of hidden side exit. After searching both walls, I let out a sigh and looked down the middle aisle again between the row of stone statues.
“You don’t suppose these statues will start moving and try to kill us once we get near them, right?”
“There’s only one way to find out,” Regis said, perching himself on my shoulder. “Onward to victory, Milady!”
I got in a stance to run, cursing this new body of mine. If I was able to use magic, clearing this hallway would’ve taken no more than a few seconds—less, if I used Static Void. Letting out a sharp breath and allowing my brain to clear itself from needless thoughts, I pushed my feet off the ground and broke into a full on sprint through the line of stone statues on either side of me.
“Come on! A toddler can crawl faster than this!” Regis badgered right beside my ear, infuriating me even more than my debilitated body. Gritting my teeth, I continued running as fast as my heavy legs would take me when I misstepped and tripped over my own feet.
I slid forward on the ground, barely managing to bring my arms up fast enough to keep myself from slamming my face into the cold marble floor.
There was no pain, only embarrassment as I scrambled back up to my feet. It didn’t help that my companion was laughing his nonexistent ass off as he reenacted my crash.
I dusted myself off and started briskly walking. “Hey. What happens to you if I die?”
Regis stopped laughing. “Huh?”
“Do you become free, or do you die as well?”
“I never really thought about it but...” Regis pondered for a moment. “The foundation of this form comes from the acclorite that was placed into your body, but my life force is tied to you so if you die, I suppose...”
“You go back to being a hunk of rock?” I finished, scanning the statues now surrounding us as we passed the quarter mark in the hallway. “That’s nice to know.”
“Hey! Are you s-smiling?” Regis stuttered, looking at me with those large, unblinking white eyes of his.
“You’re just seeing things,” I said, swatting him away.
“No, I saw you smile! Are you sure some of Uto’s mana didn’t infect you, or were you always a bit sociopathic?”
Ignoring him, I searched for any signs that the statues were a danger to us. Continuing our way down the long hallway, a sensation I hadn’t felt since waking up in this...place, struck: hunger.

The sharp pang that made my stomach churn went away as quickly as it had come but a little bit of it lingered behind, making my mouth water.
We had only taken a few more steps past the quarter mark of the hallway when my vision began to narrow, blurring out everything but the statues in front of me.
“Well, I’ll be. No stone statues came to life and started attacking us,” Regis chimed as he floated closer to a statue holding what looked like a shotgun.

Suddenly the room shook as the lights from the sconces dimmed to an eerie degree.
I looked forward at the exit still over two hundred feet away. The aetheric runes carved on the door had changed and the handle that used to be there was gone.
Thanking Sylvie mentally for being able to see so far with such clarity, I whirled back around, bolting for the door we had come from.
I had no idea if we would be allowed back into the sanctuary but it was either that or face whatever it was that was about to happen.
I must’ve taken about ten steps when the statues around me began cracking. Large stone fragments broke off and fell to the floor...and as more and more of the statues began crumbling, the more I could make out what was inside them.
What was exposed from the coffin-like statues these...creatures were trapped in could be nothing short of unsettling. Scabrous flesh covered patches of exposed muscles and bone in these sinewy humanoid creatures. The weapons depicted in the statues were actually weapons in similar shapes made of elongated bones and muscle fibers.
If I could describe it simply, it would look like some lunatic had ripped apart a large human and tried to piece him back together inside out. Like some failed chimera experiment.
The first chimera to fully ‘hatch’ out of its stone encasement had been a statue of a man wielding a bow and arrow. It let out a guttural screech from its crooked mouth as it leapt from the podium the statue was on, sending shivers throughout my entire body.
“W-Well...at least technically the statues aren’t trying to kill us,” Regis mumbled. “Just what was inside them.”
I raced toward the door that we had come through, less than a hundred feet away. However, just after a few steps, I heard a faint whistle in the air.
Without looking back, I dove to the side and rolled, narrowly managing to avoid the bone arrow that managed to create a fissure on the ground from the force of its impact.
I scrambled back up to my feet just as the bow-wielding creature snapped off one of its long, spiked vertebrae and nocked the ‘arrow’ on the gut string of its bow.
“Axe monster finished hatching as well!” Regis called out from above, just a few feet away.
The split second I had taken to look over at the second chimera with axes for arms was all the bow-wielding chimera needed.
A burst of pain erupted from my side and I was sent flying back from the impact. Letting out a hoarse cough, I looked down to see a bone arrow protruding just below my ribcage.
I got up to my knees. My vision narrowed again, blurring out everything but what I had to focus on. I’ve had this feeling before in battle, but nothing as extreme as this. My head pounded against my skull as blood surged through my body.
I jumped back, barely in time to dodge the blurred swing of the axe chimera. Just as it was about to swing down its other bladed arm at me, a black shadow whizzed by.
Regis stuck to the axe chimera, obstructing its vision and allowing me the opportunity to limp away.
I made it another few steps when another searing pain bloomed, this time from my left leg.
Stifling a scream, I toppled forward, barely avoiding the first arrow from getting pushed further into my stomach.
“Arthur! I can only distract one of them and there are more of these things hatching!”
“I know!” I mustered through gritted teeth. I snapped the shaft off of the bone arrow inside my body, letting out a gasp as I did the same with the arrow on my leg.
My vision pulsed once more as if my body was trying to expel my soul. Colors began fading and what began surrounding the sinewy monsters emerging free from their stone statues were soft auras of purple. Looking down at the bone and muscle-strewn shafts of the arrows in my hand, the same soft purple aura seeped, causing me to do something that I couldn’t quite believe.
I bit down on one arrow. More specifically, I bit down on the aetheric aura surrounding the arrow, consuming the aether as if it were the meat attached to a bone.
“What in the unholy hell are you doing?” Regis cried out.
I chomped down on the dwindling aetheric fire, tearing it off the bone arrow and swallowing it down before moving onto the other aether-coated arrow.

My veins burned as the aetheric substance surrounding the arrows flowed through me, filling me with a strength that I hadn’t felt since waking up with this body.
It had gone as quickly as it had come, but what shocked me was that the wound on my leg and side were gone and two bloody arrowheads were on the ground below my feet.
With no time to spare, I got back to my feet with a renewed spring in my step. The ground trembled as the third chimera fully freed itself from its statue-shaped coffin—this one being a sword-wielding one.
The sword chimera jumped off its podium and galloped toward me at a breakneck pace while the first chimera loaded another one of its spiked vertebrae onto its bow.
Controlling my breathing, I let my enhanced senses pick up on the details.
The bow chimera released with a sharp whistle, but this time I was able to actually see the path of the bone arrow piercing through the air. Dodging it with an exaggerated motion, I steadied myself in order to face the sword chimera just a few feet away.
It swung its pale white broadsword in a brilliant arch that left me with a gash even though I had managed to dodge it.
My heartbeat quickened as various scenarios raced through my head. In this life-or-death place facing monsters in my debilitated state, there was only one thing I could do: risk it all.
If I wasn’t prepared to give up my life, I knew I wouldn’t survive in this place.
Lunging forward as the sword chimera’s large blade skidded on the smooth marble surface with a screech, I grabbed its arm and bit down and consumed the purple aura surrounding it.
The sword chimera let out a mournful wail, revealing a mouthful of needle-pointed teeth. The chimera flailed wildly in pain but I clung on, trying to hurt it in any way I could. Kicks and punches hurt me more than it hurt the chimera but as I continued consuming the purple-tinged aura surrounding the chimera’s sword-wielding arm, I felt my strength growing.
An explosion resounded this time and the entire room shook madly, throwing me off the chimera.
The chimera kicked me with its long, leathery leg and I slammed against the wall, coughing up blood and a couple of teeth.
“Arthur!” I heard in the distance as my consciousness faded in and out.
Ahead of me, marching towards me was an army of chimeras, each wielding a different weapon made of bone and muscle.
Another explosion resounded, much closer this time, and the ground in front of me burst into shards of marble and blood.
A guttural scream tore out of my throat as a pool of blood formed just where my left leg had been. It was the chimera holding what looked like a gun, its hollowed bone pointed right at me.
Dragging my body across the floor as the chimeras approached, almost tauntingly slow, I reached for the door we had come through—the door to the sanctuary.
Pulling myself up to my single good leg, I pulled at the handle. It wouldn’t budge.
“Come on!” I pleaded, yanking at the metal handle futilely.
Regis, who had floated back to me, let out a sigh. “My life sucked.”
I heard a faint whistle before a piercing pain erupted once more, this time from my left shoulder.
Gritting through the pain, I kept myself from falling by pressing myself against the wall and grabbing ahold of the handle for support.
That’s when I saw it. Amongst all of the aetheric runes and symbols etched onto this door, there was a single part that I recognized from when I had watched Elder Rinia activating the teleportation gate in the ancient mage’s hideout.
Pressing myself harder against the wall for support, I used my only good hand to trace the aetheric runes.
Nothing happened.
“Damn it! Please!” I pleaded, trying again.
I screamed once more as another arrow pierced my lower back, dangerously close to my spine. I gripped the handle again, to keep myself from falling, when I saw the same faint purple aura the chimeras emitted around Regis.
My eyes widened. “Regis, quick, come here!”
“Okay, but you’re not going to eat me, right?” Regis said, uncertain.
“Hurry!” I hissed. “Get in my hand!”
The black will-o-wisp darted into my right hand, and I almost cheered in delight at what I saw. My hand was tinted in a faint aura of purple.
Quickly, I traced through the runes again, shifting it ever-so-slightly so that its function of opening was enabled.
The hum of the door unlocking was heavenly, but my eyes widened as I spotted the gun-wielding chimera fully loaded and a thick cluster of purple gathered at the nozzle.
Prying the door open just enough for me to squeeze through, I lunged back inside the sanctuary just in time to feel the door shudder from the force of the chimera’s shotgun shell.





Chapter 254
Chapter 254: Round Two
I toppled forward, collapsing hard on the cold marble floor of the sanctuary as a pool of dark crimson began spreading around me.
Struggling against the numbing grasp that threatened to rip my consciousness away, I crawled away from the door, desperate to get as far away from those monstrosities as possible.
“Arthur,” Regis muttered, his voice soft.
With the plethora of wounds driving hot needles through my body and mind, I focused on trying to keep myself alive.
Reaching a shaking hand over my shoulder, I gripped the shaft of one of the bone arrows lodged in my back.
I stifled a scream as tears rolled down my face. Without mana to protect my body and adrenaline to dull the pain, even touching the arrow sent spikes of burning agony through my back.
Letting out a guttural yell, I snapped the shaft off. A wave of nausea overcame me and I threw up on the ground. With nothing in my stomach, I heaved water and stomach acid until all I could do was gag.
It took a few minutes for my body to calm down—honestly, it could’ve been longer since I blacked out a few times in between. Mustering what little strength I had left, I brought the bone shaft up to my mouth.
“You’re not going to—oh, yup yeah you are.”
Regis regarded me with a grimace but I didn’t care. The aetheric aura was pure nourishment for me and I already felt strength returning to my body.
I snapped off the other shaft lodged in my side, barely able to keep myself from throwing up. I consumed the aetheric essence from that as well, thinking of how I was going to get out of here now that I only had one leg.
The pool of crimson that had spread underneath me began to dry, a good sign that I wasn’t bleeding anymore.
After polishing off both arrows, I dragged myself to the fountain. Gulping down mouthfuls of the clear cold water as my body grew limp and eyelids became heavier, I leaned back against the side of the marble fountain and let the darkness overcome me.
***
I was jolted out of my slumber in a fit of coughs as if I had been drowning in my sleep. I clutched at my chest, gasping for air as the wounds on my back burned.
Suddenly, Regis shot out of my chest.
“What...the hell are you doing?” I asked, controlling my breathing.
“I swear that wasn’t me. Okay, maybe it was a little me,” Regis replied with a guilty expression.
I shot him a glare that sent him retreating back a few more feet. “I’ll tell you what I found out while you were sleeping, but first, check out your body!”
Confused, I looked down, preparing myself for the worst. I had gotten shot three times in the back and once on my left leg before that same leg had been blown apart by a shotgun that I could only imagine Satan himself wielding.
However when my gaze reached my legs, I couldn’t help but let out a sharp breath. There it was, my left leg—bare from the thigh down but completely intact and without a scratch. I touched, prodded and pinched my leg to make it sure it was real, to make sure that it was mine.
“Neat, huh! You’re like some sort of weird starfish or spider,” Regis said excitedly.
I let out a laugh, unable to contain my relief. “You can’t think of a better life form to compare me to?”
“Well, I was going to say lizard but they can only regrow their tails and that’s not technically—”
“Okay, I get it,” I chuckled before studying my leg more closely. “I get healing a few gashes and puncture wounds but my left leg was completely blown off. Do you have any idea how I was able to do that?”
“I was getting to that,” Regis began. “I don’t know how you got the idea of eating the aether coming from those monsters but that saved you—no, it more than saved you.”
“What do you mean?”
“Your physiology right now is neither human nor asura. It’s something in between because of the sacrificial aether art Sylvie used on you. The problem you had once you became conscious was that your mana core is damaged beyond repair. Unlike a lesser, without a functioning and rather powerful mana core to boot, you can’t sustain this body.”
“That doesn’t make any sense. How would my own body not be able to support...my body?” I asked.
“If you think of why asuras are so innately powerful, it’s because unlike lessers, their body is reliant on mana to operate. Since the moment asuras are born, their mana cores are constantly being taxed to even sustain their very lives. If their mana cores broke, their whole body would slowly collapse.”

I grimaced. “Okay, so since I don’t have a mana core, my body is slowly shutting down?”
“It was, until you savagely started eating the aether from those monsters like some starving zombie,” Regis explained. “After that, your body began to sustain itself a little better.”
I looked down at my hands and feet, marveling at how different this body was compared to my old one. It wasn’t just my exterior appearance that had changed.
“And more exciting still...remember when you were like, ‘Regis, get in my hand!’?” Regis said in a voice annoyingly similar to mine. “Well you thought that it was the aether from me that you were manipulating, right? It was actually the aether you already had inside your body. For some reason, when I went into your hand, all of that aether you had consumed—which had been spread throughout your body—came toward me.”
“Interesting...wait, does that mean you can basically siphon aether out of my body and use it for yourself?” I asked, suspicious.
“Maybe,” Regis answered before hurriedly continuing. “But I didn’t! Okay, maybe a little, but only once I knew your life wasn’t in danger! Until then, I went inside your leg and made sure all of the aether you had left in your body was focused on regenerating it. That’s why your leg is in perfect shape while the injuries on your back aren’t fully healed.”
I let out a sigh, tired by how my own companion was trying to pull fast ones over me.
“Look, I could go walk over to that door and trigger the range limit to put you in pain—hell, give me a few hours and I can think of even more creative ways to punish your incorporeal ass, but I don’t think keeping you on a tight leash is how we’re going to get out of here.”
Regis’ eyes widened at the thought before he nodded fervently.
“So you said that the aether I consume is spread around my body, momentarily nourishing and strengthening it before it’s all used up, correct?” I asked.
“Yup. From what I gathered, the aether tries to keep you at an optimal state so it prioritizes recovering wounds first, which is probably why you don’t feel that much stronger.”
“Good. And I’m guessing that if you consume the aether in my body, you’ll get stronger too in some way or another?”
“That’s what it feels like right now, didn’t you notice?”
I raised a brow. “Notice what?”
“My horns! They grew like an eighth of an inch!”
I stared at him, deadpan until he let out a cough.
“Anyway...what were you were saying, my beautiful master?”
I pointed at the metal door a few feet away. “We’re going to go back out there and try to harvest as much aetheric essence as possible either from the arrows or from those chimeras themselves and come back here.”
Regis’ eyes grew wide “Seriously? To what end?”
“Until I get strong enough to kill them all,” I said matter-of-factly.
Crossing through the door and walking up to the triggering point in the hallway wasn’t any easier the second time. The fact that we knew what was coming actually made it worse, but this time my body felt just a bit lighter and stronger, plus I knew what to expect.
With a rumble and explosion of stone fragments, the bow-wielding chimera broke loose from its statue first—the same as last time.
I broke into a sprint back toward the door to the sanctuary. I couldn’t allow myself to get surrounded here.
The goal was simple. Consume as much aether from the chimeras as I could while sustaining as little injuries as possible. The fewer injuries I had, the more aether that I consumed would go into strengthening Regis and my own body.
“So,” Regis began as we continued fleeing back while more stone statues began splintering. “We split the aether 50/50?”
“Nice try,” I scoffed. “80/20 after my wounds have been healed.”
Regis clicked his tongue...or made a sound that resembled it. “Stingy-ass.”
“Maybe if you become an actual weapon of some sort after getting stronger, I can allocate some more to you,” I replied, looking back over my shoulder.
The two of us parted ways as the chimera leapt off the podium it was on and landed with a ‘thud’. Locking its beady eyes at me, it unhinged its needled teeth-filled jaw and let out a monstrous wail that sent chills down my spine.
Maintaining my balance in this body while moving anything faster than a brisk walk took more control than when I was a toddler.
Still, I managed to make it back close enough to the sanctuary door without tripping this time. Whirling around to face the chimera, I stared as it ripped off one of its spiked vertebrae and nocked it on its bone bow.
The chimera released its attack, launching the bone arrow in a piercing howl that tore through the air.
I rolled out of the way, not trusting myself to dodge by a small margin. As the arrow struck the wall, the entire room trembled, and before I could even gather myself, the chimera already had two arrows ready to fire in its bow.

It didn’t do that last time, I thought.
Thankfully, Regis had reached the chimera by this time and was dancing crazily around its face.

The arrows missed their mark, allowing me some time to snap off the shafts of the arrow from the stone wall. I saved an arrow for later and consumed the aetheric essence off of the other one.
Things seemed to go more-or-less according to plan for the first few minutes until the second chimera broke loose. Then the third and a fourth...and a fifth.
“They’re breaking out faster this time!” Regis roared, still keeping the bow chimera occupied.
Cursing inwardly, my gaze shifted between the three chimeras racing toward me like frenzied animals holding weapons and the entrance back to the sanctuary.
I buried the temptation of leaving this soon. I wasn’t injured and I had consumed a bit of aether but that was nowhere enough now. My initial plan of harvesting a few arrows from the bow-wielding chimera to slowly get stronger over time had gone down the drain now that the possibility of the chimeras breaking free faster each time had dawned on me.
I wasn’t strong enough to beat them this round and I needed to get a lot stronger for the next round or I had no hope of going past this floor, let alone this entire dungeon.
The chimera wielding a whip made from the spine of some large serpent reached me first. Its weapon blurred in a barrage of swipes, sweeps and strikes, each of which created divots and splintered the ground.
Hardened battle instincts and decades of fighting knowledge made up for what little strength and control I had over this body. I ducked, rolled and weaved through the spiked whip, but I was just barely holding on even before the other two chimeras reached us.
The room was soon in chaos as Regis did his best to occupy the bow-wielding and shotgun-wielding chimera while I coped with the rest.
I clung onto chimeras as soon as their strikes missed and their weapons had become stuck in the ground from the sheer force of the attacks before consuming their aetheric essence to regenerate the wounds accrued throughout this little game of tag.
Every so often, the room would rumble after the shotgun fired off somewhere. Thankfully, Regis was doing his part.
“Watch out!” Regis suddenly called.
My gaze immediately landed on the bow chimera poised to launch three arrows before I whirled around and dove toward the sword chimera’s swing.
I had managed to avoid the sword just as I heard the deadly howls of the arrows. Following the swing’s momentum, I gripped the chimera’s sword arm and tossed the chimera over my shoulder in line with the three arrows.
The sheer impact of the arrows hitting the sword chimera knocked me off my feet and sent me tumbling back while the sword chimera toppled over me and landed on the whip chimera.
I watched in excitement as the chimera writhed in pain and just as an inkling of hope manifested in me, a blur whizzed by and the blunt end of the other chimera’s spear struck me.
Barely managing to guard the blow with my arms, I let out a gasp as the air was forced out of my lungs.
“Arthur!” I heard Regis yell as I flew back and hit the wall with such force that I felt something more than just the wall crack behind me.
I collapsed on the floor, blood pooling underneath me even faster than the time I lost a leg.
Both my arms had been broken from guarding against the blow and my consciousness wavered.
Contorting my body, I pried the broken arrow I had saved with my teeth and began swallowing the aetheric essence.
My right arm was shattered beyond use but I was now able to move my left arm. With strength slowly returning, I managed to pull myself up off the floor.
The room was just a few steps to my left and the temptation to just go back grew stronger. I weighed my options, trying to figure out the best way for me to survive when a beastly roar captured my attention.
The sword chimera and bow chimera were fighting...against each other.
The whip and spear chimera realized that I was still alive and raced toward me. A few minutes ago, I would’ve accepted this as my death, but now, a plan had solidified in my head.
My eyes locked onto the whip chimera just a bit ahead of its spear-wielding friend and with a sharp breath, I dashed toward it.
The chimera reacted by brandishing its skeletal whip as it continued its charge toward me. However, just before it was within range, I turned sharply to my right—nearly tripping in the process—and headed toward the spear chimera.
I only have one shot at this.
Not wanting its prey to get away, the first chimera struck its whip at me with a sharp ‘crack’.

Now!
I raised my only able arm holding the bone shaft and blocked the tail end of the whip before it spun around the bone arrow.
Come on...
Now with the tail end of the whip in my grasp, I dove down just below the spear chimera’s midsection swing and used the whip as a tripwire.
The spear chimera toppled forward and crashed into the wall in a thunderous crash.
Unfortunately for me, the whip that I had been holding onto jerked back, taking me with it.
With an angered roar, the chimera prepared to deal its finishing blow as its foot pressed down my chest when another bellow echoed just beside us.
Success!
Speary charged relentlessly and lunged its spear into its whip-wielding friend’s shoulder. Soon, the two chimeras were battling amongst themselves. All that was left was for the last stage of my plan.
The shotgun chimera was slow to reload its gun but each attack made a crater in the wall or floor of the hallway. I was just thankful that Regis was able to blind it enough so it wouldn’t be too much of a threat.
Now, I needed to take advantage of that threat.
“Regis! Keep its eyes covered but steer its gun toward me!” I barked after narrowly rolling away from Speary and Whippy’s scuffle.
Unlike before, my companion didn’t question the command and unlatched itself from the shotgun chimera’s face just enough to keep its vision mostly obscured.
Enraged, the chimera swung its gun at Regis who was zipping around its face.
With no time to waste, I scrambled past Speary and Whippy and positioned myself in front of them just as the chimera Regis was harassing had fully charged up its gun.
“Now!” I roared.
Regis flew towards me and I found myself staring down the barrel of the chimera’s shotgun once more.
This time, however, it was on purpose.
Timing it up until the very last moment, I leaped out of the way just as the chimera fired, letting the bullets rain down on Whippy and Speary.
I gritted through the pain that shot up my shattered arm and back, astonished by the sight before me.
The shotgun had punched holes through both the spear and whip chimera—both of whom where laying limp.
The plan had worked better than I expected.
With no time to lose, I ran to the two chimeras that were tangled up in the chimera’s long whip and dragged them toward the door.
A feral roar ripped out from the shotgun chimera’s throat, getting the attention of the arrow and sword chimera that had been fighting each other. The two regarded each other for a moment before their beady eyes landed on me.
Crap.
I heaved even harder, my eyes glued on the bow chimera reading its arrow and the sword chimera sprinting toward me.
“Regis!” I called out, not able to see the floating black fireball anywhere.
“Here,” Regis groaned, manifesting just beside me. “I didn’t know that it would take this long for me to form back after being obliterated.”
An arrow whizzed, barely grazing me on the leg as I continued pulling the corpses of the two chimeras back toward the sanctuary with only one arm.
I let out a roar, mustering every last bit of my strength in pulling the giant chimeras.
Another arrow whizzed. Without the strength and time to do much else, I pivoted my body so the arrow would strike my right shoulder, sacrificing my debilitated arm to keep the rest of my body able.
A piercing pain burned through me and I almost fell back from the force of the blow but I managed to stay on my feet.
The sword chimera was less than ten feet away by the time we reached the door and I had activated the aether runes to allow our escape.
I hauled the two chimeras through the portal, and even while I was physically inside the sanctuary, my heart pounded against my cracked ribs when I saw the spine whip slowly untangling itself around the two chimeras.
Barely managing to pull the whip chimera through the portal, I scrambled forward and began pulling back the spear chimera as well but as the whip around the spear chimera loosened, I felt a strong force pulling it back.
“No!” I roared, watching the spear chimera slip back through the portal as the sword chimera pulled it back.
“We need to close the door!” Regis shouted, shooting out of my hand.
“Damn it!” I cursed before giving up and shutting the large metal door close.





Chapter 255
Chapter 255: Victory
My body shuddered as I let out a deep breath. Looking down at my body, I could see people mistaking me for a young noble barely in his twenties. Without a scar or blemish on me, the perfectly defined muscles that ran down my arms, torso and legs looked like they had been painted on, rather than acquired through training.
A faint aura of purple enveloped me, slowly dimming as more and more aether dissipated from my body. However, the biggest difference was something I could feel rather than see.
It was a feeling that differed from when I had enhanced my old body with mana... It was even different from how I felt after unlocking the third stage of the Sylvia’s dragon will in my fight against Nico. The strength pumping through me didn’t feel borrowed or artificially implanted—it felt like it was mine.
Approaching the nearby wall of the sanctuary, I squeezed my hand into a fist. My own eyes failed to properly see my hand as it struck the wall with a deafening explosion.
The entire room shook as water from the fountain spilled on the ground. While barely a crack had formed on the wall, I was still content; I knew that the force of my blow just now was enough to easily punch a large hole through even the thick metal gates of the Wall.
I looked down to see the wound on my fist already closing and healing itself. Turning around, I silently thanked the corpse of the giant chimera that had now been reduced to a pile of withered bones now that the aetheric essence holding it together had been absorbed.
“Ayy! You finally look a bit more like a man—at least, your body, that is,” Regis exclaimed, studying me.
“And you still look like a blob of ink,” I quipped, swatting him away.
I expected my hand to simply pass through him like it usually did, but this time I felt some resistance upon contact.
“Woah,” I said, startled.
Regis waggled his brows in an expression that I could only see as lewd. “Did you get a good feel for my muscles?”
I wiped my hand on my pants. “Gross.”
Regis laughed, zipping around the air as if he were flying for the first time.
I shook my head. “We should leave now. I can feel the aetheric essence leaving my body by the second and I need as much as possible if we’re going to kill all of those chimeras.
“You’re right,” my companion replied with confidence. “Let’s do this.”
Taking one last deep breath to calm myself, I pushed open the door.
My body tensed and my heart pounded against my ribs. Even though my mind knew I stood a much better chance against the chimeras, the fear and pain had been deeply ingrained into my body.
“Third time and this place is still creepy even without the chimeras trying to kill us,” Regis groused.
We continued walking, trying to make out any differences from the last time we came here. I hoped that the whip chimera that we had killed wouldn’t be here but its statue remained intact and looked somehow even scarier than the previous times.
“I’m curious how the party before us got through,” I wondered, my head still turning left and right as I scanned our surroundings. “How strong are those three?”
Regis shrugged. “Hopefully we’ll never have to find out.”
I must’ve reached the activation point because the room suddenly rumbled.
However, unlike the previous two times, that was the only warning—no gradual crumbling of the statues, no time spent prying themselves free from their encasings.
“So I was right,” I sighed. “They do break out faster each time.”
Regis rolled his eyes. “I’d clap slowly, applauding you for your incredible foresight but—y’know—no hands.”
All of the chimeras immediately leaped out from their podiums and let out a shrill screech in unison.
I got into a fighting stance, my trained eyes taking in the position and weapons of the twelve chimeras surrounding us.
I focused on the three chimeras wielding long-ranged weapons: a bow, a shotgun, and dual crossbows.
After making sure that the Sylvie egg was tucked tightly beneath my leather vest, I pushed the ground beneath my feet, propelling myself to the nearest chimera.
“I know the rough timing of the shotgun chimera. Keep the one with the crossbows occupied!” I ordered as I drove my fist into a chimera wielding two maces made from the skull of a giant ape-like beast.
The chimera was sent a few steps back from the force of the blow and it screeched in pain but was able to make a desperate swing with one of its maces.
I ducked under its path and released a wide hook straight into its exposed ribcage. It buckled and let out another wail but before I could capitalize on its injuries, an arrow caught me in my leg, going straight through my thigh.
Gritting through the pain, I tackled the mace chimera onto its back and focused on the other chimeras fast approaching.
Keeping the position of the shotgun and bow chimera always in mind, I dashed toward the next chimera.
Each step I took, each punch I threw, I could feel more of the aether that I had gathered being spent. Even as I consumed aether mid-battle from the various chimeras, I was expending it much faster than I could absorb it and I had only managed to barely kill three.

Making sure that my breathing remained controlled and movements sharp and unwasted, I mustered forward, using the same tactics I had used the last round. I was able to make two chimeras kill each other until the shotgun chimera quelled its forces with a gutteral warcry.
Meanwhile, Regis continued to occupy the crossbow chimera. Based on the speed at which its weapons reloaded and the power each bone bolt contained, I made the right choice in making Regis blind that one.
Still, as I killed more and more, an uneasiness spread from my stomach.
The entire hallway was littered with fragments of stone from the crumbled statues and the divots dug up from the battle ensuing.
I could tell that I had used over half of the aether I had gathered from the whip chimera, and the ones left were stronger than the ones I had killed.
“It’s never easy, is it,” I muttered under my breath, my eyes focused on the chimera with serrated daggers for hands.
Another idea began to form as my gaze shifted from the dagger chimera to the sword chimera.
Dodging the arrows of the bow chimera and picking two of them up, I locked onto the one wielding twin daggers.
Before I engaged, I hurled the arrow like a javelin, letting its tip bury itself into the arm of the sword chimera.
With no time to relax, I dipped and weaved through the flurry of swings from the lanky dagger chimera. My mind brought up scenes from almost ten years ago when I had sparred against Jasmine on a daily basis while starting my time as an adventurer.
However, unlike the way Jasmine seemed to almost dance with her daggers in hand, this chimera’s techniques were crude and relied on its long reach and ridiculous strength and speed.
Whoever made these things might have imbued the physical prowess of an S class mana beast, but it’s intellect and technique were subpar.
I continued skirting just out of reach from the dagger-wielding chimera, leading it around the palm of its hands now that I was fast enough to easily dodge its swings. I couldn’t make them kill each other while the shotgun chimera continued keeping its distance from me and shooting every so often. However, I was able to use wild swings made by the dagger chimera to give injuries to the other chimeras trying to kill me as well.
Growing more and more frustrated by its inability to even touch me, the dagger chimera let out sharp screeches, swinging its two daggers until a rather desperate overhead swing dug one of its blades a bit too deeply into the ground.
Finally with an opportunity in place, I jumped up, using its arm as a platform to reach its head in a roundhouse kick that snapped the arm stuck on the ground.
Just in time, the sword chimera found the perfect opportunity to kill me with its giant sword—regardless of whether its attack would also kill the dagger chimera as well.
Gotcha.
Immediately taking the other arrow I had picked up earlier, I defended the overhead strike of the giant sword and redirected its path straight onto the broken arm of the dagger chimera.
I felt my left shoulder pop out of its socket from the sheer impact, but it worked. The dagger had been cut cleanly off from the rest of the chimera’s arm.
The dagger chimera let out a loud wail of pain, distracting the sword chimera just long enough for me to free the severed dagger from the ground.
The dagger in my hand looked more like a longsword, but the all-too-familiar sensation of a sword in my hand filled me with a newfound confidence.
Pissed off by the fact that I was using one of its hands as my own weapon, the dagger chimera ignored its injuries and scuttled toward me using all three of its remaining limbs.
Quickly popping the dislocated shoulder back in place, I gripped my new sword with both hands and smirked. “I finally got a weapon.”
“Oh bite me!” Regis snapped, his speed noticeably slower as he continued buzzing around the enraged crossbow chimera.
All it took was one step to avoid the desperate strike of the dagger chimera and a pivot to dodge the arrow of the bow chimera before I swung my new sword. And with that single swing, the severed bug-like head of the dagger chimera rolled on the floor.
The soft glow of purple surrounding the chimera’s dagger in my hand dimmed with that one swing and I knew that this weapon wouldn’t last much longer.
Cutting the other dagger off the headless chimera’s arm, I left it close by as I started my onslaught.
The sword chimera was next, its legs cut first before I stabbed my decaying dagger into its throat.
Four more seconds until the shotgun chimera is finished reloading.
I dashed past a chimera wielding a lance and shield as I knew it was one of the stronger ones, and I aimed my sword at an old friend of mine.
The whip chimera let out a shrill cry as I stabbed my sword into its gut and carved a line straight through its torso.
Discarding the dagger that had begun to crumble apart, I ran for the other dagger, dodging a barrage of arrows. Picking up the dagger on the ground, I prepared to rush the archer first when an earth-shattering roar resounded from behind.
I whirled around, prepared to dodge or block whatever was coming—except nothing was. It was the shotgun chimera that let out the thundering cry, but it wasn’t pointing its shotgun at me. It was standing tall with its arms spread wide.
It let out another roar, even louder this time, and the remaining seven chimeras that were still alive began barreling toward its leader.
Even the crossbow chimera ignored Regis and rushed toward the sound of its leader’s cry, leaving the two of us confused and wary.
“What in Hell’s name is going on now,” Regis groaned, floating by my side now.
Every fiber of my body screamed at me to run away. Unfortunately, the shotgun chimera was just in front of the door to the sanctuary and the rest had almost gathered together.
Spinning on my heels, I rushed to the metal door leading to the next level of this godforsaken dungeon and yanked at the rune-covered handle.

It didn’t budge.
Cursing internally, I scanned every inch of the door, looking for any familiar aetheric runes that I could alter like the door to the sanctuary.

“Uhh...Arthur?”
“What?” I snapped, my eyes darting left and right, trying to find something that would get this thing to open.
“They’re...piling on top of each other,” Regis continued.
Despite my body screaming at me to focus on getting out of here, I couldn’t resist.
My eyes widened in horror at what I saw.
The chimeras weren’t simply piling on top of one another. With my enhanced vision, I was able to clearly make out the chimeras...devouring each other.
“How intoxicating to watch,” Regis mumbled, eyes wide. “Maybe they’ll just end up killing each other like that.”
“I don’t think so.” The aetheric essence enveloping their bodies grew thicker as they continued to eat each other in a pile of flesh and bone.
I turned to the door, not wanting to stick around for what was to come. Unfortunately, the door wouldn’t budge and unlike the door to the sanctuary, there were no runes that I could decipher.
I slammed my fists against the door in frustration before I turned back toward the monstrosity I would have to face.
Luckily, they were still in the middle of whatever process they were undergoing.
Picking up the dagger beside me, I dashed toward the pile of chimeras. If I can’t run away from them, I’ll just have to try and do as much damage as I can before it fully forms.
I swung and stabbed the large serrated dagger in areas where the aetheric essence had gathered the most but aside from the occasional wails of pain and brief spasms, the chimeras continued devouring each other. “Come on. Just die already!”
Suddenly, another sharp chill ran down my spine as a pair of gleaming red eyes shot open.
A split second later, a blast of purple erupted from the mass of chimera bodies and hit me like a lead wall.
The concussive force spread, blasting both Regis and I into the air. Barely holding onto my consciousness, I anchored myself to the ground, gripping one of the divots created by the chimeras to keep myself from rolling.
Regis tottered toward me. “Well that friggin’ hurt.”
My brows furrowed “That hurt you too?”
That’s not good.
My mind whirled, trying to think of a plan to kill that hunk of bone and flesh when an earthly roar resounded. I looked up, afraid of what my eyes would see this time.
And what I saw was worse than what I had imagined.
Like one of those old shooting games I had played with Nico and Cecilia in my past life at the rundown retro arcade, the creatures had merged into its final form.
The monstrosity that was close to a hundred feet away towered over the second row of sconces, bringing it up to about twenty feet in height. It had three heads and stood on six legs that jutted out from the bottom of its lanky torso.
While it only had two arms, one of them was a combination of the shotgun and crossbows merged together with long spines jutting from its forearms. The other arm was composed of the whip with a spiked sickle at the end that screeched while it dragged on the ground as the creature skittered toward us.
The thought of luring it away from the door and escaping back to the sanctuary crossed my mind briefly, but what I feared more than facing this monster was doing this all over again.
Clearing my thoughts from unnecessary distractions—like Regis begging us to go back—I tightened my grip around the bone handle of the dagger and propelled myself forward.
The fused chimera responded by aiming the barrel of its gun at me. I could see two of the spiked vertebrae on its forearm load and the aetheric essence coalescing until it was visible to even the naked eye.
Waiting until the last second, I pivoted and veered right just in time to see the two bolts fire, surrounded by a concentrated blast of aether.
What I didn’t expect, however, was for the monster’s attack to carry the force of a missle.
The area exploded in a dome of purple along with the debris from the demolished floor. Even though the attack had missed, the aftershock alone blasted me flat against the corridor wall.
I felt several of my of my ribs crack and my vision blurred for a second as my brain threatened to shut off on me.
Regis hovered in front of me, his expression serious, but I couldn’t hear his voice over the sharp ring in my ears.
My eyes focused back on the fused chimera, afraid to leave it out of my sight for even a second longer. Picking up the dagger that had landed a few feet away, I charged forward, paying close attention to the flow of aether around its body.
I knew that it would take the monster a while to charge for that last attack again because its blaster arm dangled lifelessly by its side while the aetheric essence around it dissipated into a purple smoke. I needed to make sure that it wouldn’t be able to fire off another one of those attacks.

The only problem was that the blaster wasn’t its only weapon. The monster swung its chain sickle at a speed that created gales of wind and gashes on the ground as it raced toward me as well.
The closer we got, the more I felt the danger of even getting skimmed by that sickle, but I continued my assault.
I was forced to perform at a speed that far surpassed what a normal human could ever achieve. Even I was surprised as I sidestepped, swiveled and pivoted just enough to dodge the weapon capable of slicing the marble flooring like it was made of butter. My eyes constantly flitted, pinpointing the direction the sickle would come from based on the slightest twitch of movement made by the fused chimera.
The flow of aether around its whip arm and around its legs was oddly familiar, allowing me to make use of my knowledge of reading mana flow. With my enhanced body, experience, and monstrous reflexes, I managed to take down two of its six legs before the monster’s blaster had finished charging.
It’s now or never, I determined, ducking under another swipe from the sickled end of the whip.
I stepped forward, turning the serrated blade up and preparing to swipe up as the gray blur of the creature’s whip arm flashed past me.
Barely managing to pull my left arm back, I watched as the serrated dagger and the arm holding it dropped to the ground in a spray of blood.
“Arthur!” Regis’s cry snapped me out of the momentary daze and I immediately rolled forward and grabbed the dagger from my severed arm and attacked.
The chimera shrieked in pain as aetheric essence splattered from its severed blaster arm along with part of its shoulder.
“Arm for an arm,” I muttered grimly as I reached down and consumed the leaking aether from the chimera’s detached arm.
Power flowed through me, and despite its effects being momentary, there was enough aether in my body to test something that I had seen from the chimera itself.
“Regis, get in my hand,” I ordered.
My companion, although worried, flew into my hand and this time, I could feel the aether coalescing in my grip.
I knew that aether wasn’t supposed to be manipulated but beckoned or ‘influenced’—as the Indrath Clan put it—but what if there was a way to force it into submission—to make it beckon to my will?
I dashed after the disoriented chimera trying to form another arm from one of the other chimera corpses lying on the ground.
I let the aether in my body congregate to my fist where Regis laid inside, focusing on the feeling—memorizing it.
As more and more aura condensed in my left hand, a thin layer of black coated my hand like a smokey glove.
I felt my pace slowing as more and more of the aether powering my body went into my hand.
‘I feel like I’m going to burst here. What exactly did you have in mind?’ Regis said, his voice echoing in my mind.
“Just hold it in until I say so,” I said through gritted teeth. It felt like I was walking deeper and deeper into a pit of tar as my own body worked against me, but I was almost to the chimera.
However, before I could go any closer, one of the chimera’s three heads whirled to face me.
Its remaining two heads twisted to look at me as well, but rather than use its remaining whip and sickle arm to attack me, it seemed...wary.
All six of its eyes concentrated on my remaining hand.
Almost there!
My hand felt like it was being squeezed by two boulders as more and more aether coalesced inside it, but before I could get in range to unleash it, the very room quivered and the sconces flickered off.
I could feel the aether in the atmosphere tremble as a baleful aura spread from where the chimera stood—its six eyes now glowing purple.
It’s using the aether in its body and in the atmosphere to launch some sort of debilitating aura.
My luck finally seemed to be turning around though. Whether it was because of this body, or because of my strong mental strength from living two lives, the aetheric intent had little effect.
Ignoring the intensifying pain radiating from the stub of my cleaved arm, I dashed forth.
The chimera let out a hysterical screech and began wildly swinging its whip arm.
Concentrating on the flow of aether to determine the path of its attack, I dodged one last time and jumped up.
“Now!” I roared, barely able to swing my arm.
My aether clad fist landed right underneath its three heads as a blast of black and purple erupted from my attack.
It felt like every ounce of strength had been sapped clean from my body as I lay sprawled on the ground just beside the remains of the fused chimera.
My eyelids grew heavy as I succumbed to the dark grasp of sleep when a loud cry suddenly snapped me awake.
“Hah! Screw you, I am a weapon!” Regis whooped in glee.
Despite the near-death experience we had just overcome and the fact that I was still missing an arm, I couldn’t help but let out a hoarse laugh.
Barely pulling myself up to my feet, I inspected the fused chimera. I couldn’t tell whether I had used space or life aether, but I had managed to create a crater in its chest, disintegrating most of its head as well.
“Good job,” I said to my companion just in time to hear the soft ‘click’ of the door leading to the next stage unlocking.
“So, pretty boy, did you want to consume this hunk of bone and move onto the next room?” Regis asked with renewed confidence.
“Not quite,” I mustered, hobbling toward the fused chimera corpse. “You know how you said that even asuras have mana cores that sustain and power their bodies?”
“Yeah?” Regis tilted his head. “But your mana core is broken.”
“Yup.” I looked back at him, images of the purple-clad chimeras ingrained in my head. “So what if I tried forming an aether core?”





Chapter 256
Chapter 256: The Core
“This is crazy. It’s not going to work.”
“It might if you stop your relentless badgering,” I quipped, flexing the fingers of my newly regenerated arm.
Regis zipped up to my face. “Oh, I’m sorry. Is my genuine concern that you might blow yourself up bothering you?”
I swatted him away. “Yes.”
My floating companion’s smoky black head sizzled in anger. “Why are you even attempting this anyway? You just demolished the hidden boss of this level with a punch! I think you’re strong enough.”
“I can’t just rely on sustaining my body temporarily by eating aetheric essence off of monsters.”
“So your plan is just to form your own power source? Geez, I wonder why the wise and powerful dragons of the Indrath Clan haven’t thought of something like that...oh wait, they have!”
“Yes, I remember the story of the elders of the Indrath Clan attempting to form a core out of pure aether within the body of an infant clan member that was born without a core. You literally just told me.”
“And what did we learn from that story?” Regis asked as if he were speaking to an infant himself.
I sighed. “That the baby was met with a bloody death.”
“So why are you still trying to do this?” Regis seethed.
“Because I have no other choice if I want to get stronger. I don’t want to rely on temporary power boosts that I can’t even control from consuming another lifeform’s aetheric essence. You saw how fast it depletes from my body even when I’m not fighting.”
“‘That’s no reason to kill yourself over this!”
“Regis.” I stared coldly into the eyes of the black will-o-wisp. “I’m sure you know this from being fed my memories, but I’ve barely been able to fight against retainers while scythes are in a whole other league. I’m not just looking at surviving this hellish dungeon or ruin—whatever this place is. I’m looking at obtaining strength that can put me above them and up on the same level as asuras. Otherwise, getting out of here just means giving the enemy another chance at beating me back down.”
Regis remained silent as he studied me, his expression laced in a mixture of frustration and concern.
Finally, he let out a sigh. “Fine. Aside from the fact that you can physically eat aether, why do you think that your attempt won’t be any different from what the asuras attempted?”
“You’re forgetting that I was responsible for prematurely forming my own mana core when I was three. I’ll figure something out.”
***
The first step of my plan was to spend some time closely studying the chimera.
I studied how the aetheric essence had become bound to the chimera corpse. Despite the fact that the chimera couldn’t control or manipulate aether, unlike my own body, there was no leakage of the essence.

Utilizing my unique perception of the aether around me, I conducted experiments on the corpse.
Because it had been killed, the aether didn’t actively try to regenerate the broken parts of the chimera corpse. Instead, it seemed like it was in an almost suspended state.
Injuries that I had inflicted on the corpse postmortem weren’t being regenerated, and while there was some loss of aetheric essence from the wound, there was no leakage beyond that.
“Regis, try going inside the chimera and absorbing the aether directly,” I said, not taking my eyes off the corpse.
“Well, I wasn’t able to when it was alive, but I never tried it on a dead chimera,” Regis replied, floating toward the giant body.
Rather than sink inside the surface of the chimera corpse, however, he bounced off.
Regis let out a pained grunt from the impact before turning to me. “Happy?”
“Not particularly,” I replied, not even bothering to look at him as I continued studying the flow of aether around the chimera corpse.
Not able to find anything particularly insightful, I moved on to the next step—hoping I’d learn more.
Closing my eyes, I sensed the aether flowing in my body just like I had when I was first trying to form my mana core.
The entirety of my mental faculties was focused on observing how aether moved within me—how they interacted with my muscles, bones, organs, and how it dissipated from the surface of my skin constantly.
Next, I focused on the shattered pieces of my mana core. I couldn’t gather or produce mana and Sylvia’s dragon will was no longer there. That meant that I had no way of using Static Void or Realmheart Physique, but the fragmented shell of my mana core was still here inside me.
Worse yet, the aether was slowly dissolving the broken pieces of my mana core—seeing them as imperfections in my body that needed to be discarded since it served no purpose.
Thinking that all of the painstaking years of work refining and strengthening my mana core would soon disappear, sent a sharp pain through my chest, and it took all I could to pry myself out of that pithole.
That’s when it struck me. The aether saw the broken shards of my mana core as an injury... however, because it didn’t serve a function anymore, it was trying to remove it from my body.
But what if it thought that it did?
My eyes shot open, surprising Regis who had been observing me.
Scrambling up to my feet, I looked at the various sections of its body where multiple corpses had conjoined together to form the fused chimera, studying the creature once more from a different angle.
The act of fusing the chimera bodies together was neither regenerating or healing—but the fact that the aether determined that this course of action was the best choice told me something.
With my plan slowly solidifying, I went back to meditating with a slight grin on my face. Unsurprisingly, just like how the chimeras couldn’t actively control the aether that powered their bodies, I was unable to actively manipulate it as well.
I tested a few theories. I would purposely injure myself to study how the aether would behave and interact within my body depending on the injury while paying close attention to my thoughts. My actions would be considered insane to any passing set of eyes but I didn’t care.
I had learned something pivotal through my battles against the chimeras, namely, when I launched the final attack against the fused chimera despite the stub of my arm bleeding profusely.

It took a few dozen times of injuring myself to actually confirm my hypothesis, but what I realized was that intent influenced the movement of the aetheric essence within me.
This was nowhere near the point of manipulation like I had done with mana, but if I thought that regenerating a certain part of my body took precedence over another part, the aether took heed of that advice.
I wasn’t able to forcefully manipulate aether like I had been able to with mana. But the very fact that aether could be influenced to do something as crazy as fusing multiple bodies together meant that the chimera’s intent had tricked it.

What if I can somehow trick the aetheric essence to fuse together my shattered remains of mana core instead of getting rid of it and have it build a new core over my broken one?
But the aetheric essence were too dispersed within my body. At this rate it would just slowly eat away at the broken remains of my mana core rather than try fusing them together.
But still, it could work...no, it had to work.
Almost as soon as my thoughts solidified into an actual idea, I already knew what I had to do...
I just didn’t like the answer.
The only reason this plan had even a chance of working was because I could do something that not even dragons of the Indrath Clan could do.
Letting out a deep breath, I reached in my vest and pulled out the small iridescent stone.
I’ll definitely live and bring you back out here, Sylv. Just hold on.
Resolving myself, I got to work immediately, consuming the aetheric essence from the fused chimera corpse at a rapid pace.
Even after my body had become overloaded with aetheric essence and a purple aura began exuding from my skin, I absorbed more of the aetheric essence, making sure I was consuming at a pace much faster than the aether would deplete from my body.
“I don’t think stress eating is the way to handle this, Milady,” Regis snickered.
Ignoring Regis, I continued despite a jarring pain growing within my body. It felt like every muscle, bone, organ in my body were being pumped with fluid to the point of bursting.
But this wasn’t enough. I needed as much aetheric essence as possible if this was going to work.
“S-Seriously, Arthur. You’re...sort of bleeding from your body.”
Just a bit more.
Unable to withstand the growing pain any longer, I pried myself away from the chimera corpse and sat down.
Regis was right; it looked like I was sweating blood, beads of red trailing down my body. My vision spun and pulsated while I could feel my heart beating madly against my chest.
Controlling my breathing in order to keep myself from passing out, I grabbed a bone arrow on the ground in front of me and held it directly below my ribcage. “Regis. Position yourself right where my mana core used to be on my mark and leave as soon as I tell you, okay?”

Regis stared down at the sharp arrow in my hands. “What are you planning on doing with that?”
“Okay?” I repeated through gritted teeth, barely able to breathe.
Regis let out a groan. “Okay.”
With that, I plunged the arrow deep into my sternum in the small space just between my liver and stomach where the mana core was held. And just for good measure, I twisted the arrow.
“What the f—”
“Now!” I snapped, keeping my eyes closed in concentration.
Pulling the arrow out of my body, I clasped my hands over my wound as Regis flew inside me.
Immediately, like millions of tiny insects crawling inside every inch of my body, I felt all of the aether held inside me coalescing to where Regis and my fatal wound were.
Just as the aether was about to reach the area where Regis stayed, attracted two-fold by the black will-o-wisp and my fatal injury, I barked at him to leave.
A black shadow zipped out of me almost instantaneously and the aether that had gathered within the vicinity all condensed together to heal my injury.
Every ounce of my brain focused on maintaining this meditative state, forming a core around the coalescing aether where my old mana core used to be.
Some of the aether had leaked to close the hole below my chest, but with the worst of the injury right where my old mana core used to be, I was able to attract most of it.
So under the premises that: unlike even dragons, I was able to absorb aether directly into my body; I had Regis, who interacted in a way where he naturally attracted the aether within me; the remains of my mana core still existed inside me; and I could influence the aether a bit to a certain extent, I proceeded to the most important step.
***
The concept of time eluded me as the battle between my wits and the aether gathered around the fragmented parts of my mana core ensued.
I needed to not only trick the aether raging in the center of my body to restore the mana core rather than to break it down, but I also needed it to rebuild my broken mana core around the compressed orb of aether that had been tricked into gathering at this focal point.
If forming my mana core for the first time when I was a toddler had been difficult, this was next to impossible. Every slight twitch of internal movement or leak of intent could cause the condensed orb of aetheric essence to break down my mana core until it was completely wiped away from my body. I didn’t have a second chance.
It felt like every experience, every tribulation that I had gone through was for this moment. I was being tested to my utmost limit, concentrating through the sheer agony of the injury I had self-inflicted and the raging ball of godly power that I was trying to trick to bend to my will.
Finally, as the last bits of my old mana core had become restored, encasing the condensed gathering of aether within, my world erupted into a sea of purple.
By the time I came to, my head felt like it had been split in two, and my breathing was ragged. Prying my eyelids open, I was greeted with the sight of a smirking Regis in front of the familiar backdrop of the battle-scarred walls of the chimera hallway.
“Welcome back, Sleeping Beauty,” Regis chuckled.
I pushed myself off my back, sitting up. “What happened?”
“Well, after you committed seppuku and sat completely still for about a full day, your body suddenly combusted into purple flames and then you passed out for another two days,” the black ball of flame explained before shooting me another grin. “But you did it, you sick sadistic bastard!”
That’s right, my core!
Taking a moment, I concentrated internally, getting a feel for the state of my body.
Regis was right, I had done it...I had successfully forged a new core. The color struck me as odd—it was closer to a red color, like magenta—but it still held the ethereal purple sheen of aether.
I had done what even the asuras of the Indrath Clan couldn’t do.
I had forged an aether core.





Chapter 257
Chapter 257: Forbidden Fruit
The purplish-red core thrummed with life inside me, wishing to be unleashed.
I could feel the grin plastered on my face, impatient to test out my new powers...whatever they were.
Despite the urge to let loose, I had one thing to test out first—perhaps the most important thing.
Taking a deep breath, I meditated. Focusing on my newly forged core and the ambient aether surrounding us, I slowed my breath.
Force of habit made me assume that the breathing technique that I had utilized to gather ambient mana could be applied to absorbing aether. That wasn’t the case, however, concentrating on my aether core in a way that almost felt like I was flexing it caused a change to stir outside my body.
Almost immediately, the effects were made clear.
“What? What is it?” Regis asked impatiently.
I opened my eyes, looking at the horned will-o-wisp with a smirk. “I can gather ambient aether into my body and core now.”
Regis’ nonexistent jaw dropped, his white eyes widening. “Seriously?”
“Consuming the aether from these chimeras directly is definitely faster and more potent, but at least now I’m not dependent on running into beasts fueled by aether. Even if the monsters here are filled with them, who knows if I’d be able to find one outside of this dungeon,” I explained.
Regis nodded. “That’s good. Now I don’t need to worry about you dropping dead because you couldn’t get a meal.”
“Aww, are you worrying about your master?” I teased.
“Master shmaster, my life is tethered to your pasty ass,” the black orb of fire scoffed.
I rolled my eyes. “If I knew that my weapon would turn out like this, I would’ve taken my chances in getting to white core by myself.”
“I love you too, my effeminate little wonderboy. Now, keep testing! We need to know exactly what your limits are before we go on to that next stage.”
Concentrating on my core once more, I released a bit of aether and focused it on my hand. However, as soon as the aether left my core, it spread throughout my body.
Furrowing my brows, I tried again, visualizing the aether flowing through my...mana channels.
“Crap,” I muttered, realizing the problem. Out of desperation, I tried once more, only to be met with the same result. The short concentrated burst of aether that I had expelled from my newly forged core, was once again distributed evenly throughout my body. “Damn it!”
“What happened? Is something wrong?”
“I can’t control the distribution of the aether from my core,” I said, trying once more to no avail. I could definitely feel the aether strengthening my body but the amount left by the time it reached the hand that I actually wanted was just a small fraction.
Regis frowned in confusion. “Huh? But what about your mana chan—ohh...I see the problem.”
I let out a sigh. “Even when I finally think things are working our way, there’s an even bigger mountain to climb.”
Regis shrugged, flying toward the unlocked exit. “Nothing we can do but move forward.”
“Wait. Let’s go back to the sanctuary.”

“You’ve got to be kidding me.”
“If I’m not able to control the aether inside me, then I need to at least strengthen my core and even if it gets harder here, we at least know what to expect on this floor,” I explained.
“Ugh...” Regis groaned as he wobbled his way toward me. “There better be some sexy vixen demons or something on the next floor. Looking at these skinless monsters is taking its toll on my little black heart.”
Chuckling, we opened the door back into the sanctuary. I made some minor preparations while we were here. Ripping my pants from my knees down, I fixed up a sash to safely store Sylvie’s stone and wore it across my shoulder. Then, I made a crude waterskin out of what was left of my leather vest. After making sure water didn’t leak from it, we went back into the hallway.
***
“Why aren’t they waking up?” Regis said as we reached the center once more.
The long hallway had been put back into its pristine state when we had left the sanctuary, but no matter how many times I walked back and forth in the hallway, the statues wouldn’t budge.
Regis flew up to the statue of the warrior wielding a sword. “Are they broken?”
“Maybe?” I walked up to one of them and pulled back my fist.
Not daring to use more than a tenth of the aether in my core, I struck the statue of the shotgun wielding statue, sending splintering cracks throughout its leg.
Not bad, I thought. Ounce for ounce—or whatever unit of measurement was used—aether was much more potent and efficient than mana. Still, I wasn’t satisfied.
“Hey, Regis. Occupy my hand again,” I ordered, holding out my right palm. “I want to test something.”
“Okay, but we should really make a name for this.”
“Why?”
“Well it’s better than having you shout out, ‘Regis, enter my hand!’,” Regis stated. “It can come off as a little sexual to others, don’t you think?”
Infusing my body with aether once again, I slapped the black will-o-wisp. This time, rather than go through him, my hand struck his dopey face, sending him flat on the ground.
“Ouch! What the hell? You can hit me now?” Regis fumed.
“Seems like it, and boy did that feel good,” I smirked. “Now, hand.”
Muttering a string of curses, Regis flew into my palm, coating my entire hand in a layer of smokey black tinge.
Immediately, I felt the aether that I had released beforehand gravitate toward Regis. After the rest of the aether in my body had coalesced in my right fist, I punched a different statue.
However, there was no expulsion of aether like before when I had used this same move against the fused chimera.
‘I don’t have enough aether to release it as an attack,’ Regis explained.
I gritted my teeth. “Fine. Tell me when.”
I released more aether from my core and it was immediately pulled toward my right fist. After about half of the aether stored inside my core had been consumed, the smokey black glove surrounding my hand began glowing with the same reddish purple color as my core.
‘Now!’ Regis barked, his voice suppressed in concentration.
I thrust my fist into the statue in front of me, releasing a torrent of black and magenta from my hand.

The very air seemed to distort as the concussive force decimated the large statue and the wall behind it.
Regis fell out of my hand, dazed. “I can probably use that move like one more time.”

“Same here,” I replied. “That used a bit less than half of the aether in my core.”
“Well, it definitely seems to do the trick,” my companion noted, studying the aftermath of our attack.
“Mhmm,” I agreed. Without the chimeras coming, it made little sense to remain here for much longer, so after spending the next half hour replenishing my aether core, we walked toward the door that’d lead us to the next floor.
“Let’s go.” I pushed open the tall metal door and stepped through.
Immediately, I was welcomed by a hot gust of humid air that clung to my skin. However, my mild dissatisfaction toward the warm sticky air was overcome by the scene ahead of me.
“Holy mother of mothers...” Regis mumbled as he surveyed our surroundings.
We had stepped into what could only be described as a jungle except for a few notable differences. The first difference was in the plethora of white trees around us with leaves glowing in various shades of purple. The second was that there weren’t just trees growing out from the ground but also on the ceiling of this enormous cavern.
My attention was pulled away by the sight of the door we had come from fading out of existence. Shocked, I hurriedly reached for the metal handle but it was too late—my hand slipped through and I was left grasping at the air.
I let out a sigh. “Well, it doesn’t seem like we can go back the way we came from. Come on, it’s a bit too open out here for my comfort.”
The two of us ventured deeper into the ethereal jungle, noticing more and more differences in this strange environment. We found thick pale vines that connected the trees on the ground to the trees growing on the ceiling. In the air were hundreds of blue globules, some floating up, others floating down.
My senses were on full alert as we continued walking carefully through the dense array of otherworldly trees. From time to time, I’d see shadows flit from tree to tree at a speed that exceeded some S-class mana beasts in Dicathen.
Despite how calm and quiet things were in this forest, though, I couldn’t help but feel restless.
Regis, on the other hand, was enjoying the scenery as he flew up over the canopy of trees that blocked much of my view.
“I can’t see much except for these two-tailed monkey creatures climbing up and down the vines,” Regis noted before his eyes lit up. “Oh! And you know those floating blue orbs? I think it’s water. I saw a few of them hanging from the vines and drinking from those.”
I nodded, my eyes constantly on the lookout for anything potentially dangerous.
“Will you ease up? No sexy vixen demons yet but compared to the last floor, this place practically seems like paradise,” Regis insisted.
“The only reason why you can relax is because you’re incorporeal,” I retorted, continuing to walk carefully with aether coursing within my body just in case.
Unlike the straightforward hallway we had come from, this jungle didn’t seem like it had any sort of predatory monsters of any kind that we had to beat in order to move on.
“Over there! It was a different color and a little smaller but I saw some of those monkeys eating that,” Regis pointed out, gesturing toward a pear-shaped fruit hanging from a branch above us.
I shot my companion a skeptical look.
“Hey, I’m not the one that has to eat,” Regis groused, offended by my lack of trust.
My initial reaction was to avoid the risk. After all, who knows how different the anatomy of the creatures in this floor was compared to me. However, the more I stared at it, the more my stomach reminded me that I hadn’t eaten since waking up in this god-forsaken dungeon. What’s more was that this orange fruit was covered in a sheen of purple indicating that it contained aether within it.
With my newly-forged aether core revitalizing this body, I knew that I didn’t need to eat nearly as much as before. But eventually, I would have to, and the temptation staring right in my face got the best of me.

I easily jumped up to the first branch, and continued to ascend. To my surprise, the branches didn’t even bend under my weight, making it easy to reach the glistening orange fruit.
Just as I was about to reach for the fruit, something caught my eye. There was a subtle distortion in the surrounding area that made me immediately pull my hand back.
And that’s when I saw it—a giant mouth rimmed with rows of serrated teeth clamping shut around the fruit...and where my hand would’ve been had I not pulled back. The strange thing, however, was that I could still see the fruit inside the monster’s mouth.
I leaped back to a farther branch, bracing myself for its next attack. However, the monster merely parted its giant lips once more and everything but the giant fruit it used as a lure turned transparent.
“Oops. My bad,” Regis let out an uncomfortable chuckle.
“From now on, you’re checking everything first,” I quipped.
My annoyance, however, was clouded by my greed for that fruit. After being near it and feeling my aether core quiver in excitement, I knew that the orange fruit wasn’t just some lure the monster used.
“Wait, why are you going back?” Regis asked, seeing me hop back toward the branch that the fruit hung from.
I slowly reached back for the fruit once more. “I’m going to try and get that fruit.”
Right as the monster’s mouth shut, I whipped my hand away just barely enough to avoid it.
It shut faster this time, I noted.
With its mouth now clamped shut, I struck at its transparent body, hoping to at least knock it unconscious. However, rather than hit it, my hand slipped right through. Losing my balance, I fell off. I managed to grab a branch beneath the fruit monster, but by the time I reached up, it had opened its mouth once more.
“Nice one,” Regis remarked. “You’re making the same face you did when you first tried to hit me.”
My eyes widened in realization. “You’re right.”
Climbing back up to where the beast was, I tried once more. The serrated teeth left several gashes on my arm because I hadn’t been able to pull back fast enough, but this time as I struck at the transparent beast, I released more aether from my core, enough for a purplish-red sheen to envelop my body.
I felt a slight give, as if my hand was passing through a layer of some viscous liquid, but beneath that was its actual body.
The beast’s transparent body shuddered like rippling water. It suddenly let out a shrill scream that made me lose balance for a second.
Luckily I managed to hold on to the tree, but Regis had been knocked unconscious.
I struck it once more, and its rather soft body went limp.
Prying open its mouth, I reached inside and pulled out the fruit that was suspended in the air.
“What a weird creature,” I mused, staring once more at the deadly fly trap beast.
Landing back down, I checked up on Regis, who was stirring back awake.
“What happened?” the black orb asked, his voice shaky.
I held the orange pear the size of a hand out at Regis with a smile. “I got it.”
Regis studied the fruit. “I wonder if it’s edible.”
“There’s only one way to find out.” I sniffed the fruit before barely nibbling on the outer edge of it just in case it was poisonous. This body was much more resilient, which was why I even dared to do something like this, but even then I was still cautious.
As I chewed, a sour flavor filled my mouth. It wasn’t bad—it just tasted like a more flavorful lemon peel. However, as soon as I swallowed, I felt the change in my body.
I buckled in pain as my insides twisted.
Unable to keep my body from quivering, I lay huddled on the ground as my aether core slowly absorbed the piece of fruit.
“Arthur!” Regis called out, his voice distant and muffled, but my attention was focused behind him past the treeline.
Deep, rapid thuds of what could only be footsteps grew louder as the ethereal trees—whose branches remained unfaltered beneath my weight—swayed fiercely in a path leading straight toward us.





Chapter 258
Chapter 258: Law of the Wild
“There’s something coming,” I grunted, barely able to get back to my feet.
Regis turned around and I could literally see his smokey black body pale. “Oh, shit.”
My heart pounded as the rapid footfalls of the beasts grew louder. I hobbled as fast as my body would let me under the current strain of the fruit I had just consumed. There was no way I could I fight whatever horde was barreling toward us in the current state I was in.
Heaven-sent, we managed to find a dip in the ground just by large tree nearby. The exposed roots gnarled together, weaving in and out of the ground to provide us with a tight shelter to hide in.
My heart pounded as I listened to what sounded like a stampede searching every square inch of the area we had narrowly escaped from.
My mind whirled trying to think of the reason why we had suddenly attracted the attention of all of them. Was it because I had eaten the fruit? No, that wasn’t it.
That transparent fly trap... it let out that horrible scream just before it died.
And that’s when everything clicked.
The two-tailed monkeys, the trap monster and everything else on this floor made almost no noise. All of the organisms here had adapted to make as little noise as possible... most likely in order to survive against whatever those beasts were.
“Sensitive to sound,” I mouthed, pointing to my ear. Regis nodded back and the two of us waited for this beast to hopefully move on.
By now, the very ground shook under the constant footfalls of the horde of beasts. That’s how close they were. I could hear a loud chitter as the beasts continued to search for the source of the scream that had lured it.
With how close the horde of beasts were, I could feel the pressure they emitted and suffice to say, it was on a whole other level from the chimeras Regis and I had faced.
Steadying my breathing, I remained frozen as the grating sound of rusted gears clacking together grew closer. Even Regis remained inside me, afraid of being seen despite his incorporeal state.
Suddenly, the hairs on the back of my neck sensed something was coming that I wouldn’t like. The rapid chittering grew even louder until, moments later, I was able to see it.
It wasn’t a horde of beasts. It was just one very long, large beast.
The chimeras had been fairly horrifying to look at, but this creature was something straight out of a demon’s nightmare.
With the overall frame of a millipede—except the size and girth of a bullet train—the creature writhed past me using its countless spindly legs spanning twice my height. I was able to make out the serrated pincers on its head as it passed by but most of the smaller details were lost on me. I was focused on the fact that this millipede was almost transparent.
Tinged in a soft purple hue that blended with the glowing leaves, the giant millipede looked more gelatinous than solid... like it was missing its hard shell or something. However, seeing how not even the sharp branches of the ethereal trees made a scratch against the creature’s exterior, I knew it wouldn’t be easy to kill.
The millipede continued to crawl around us, searching for its prey. Despite its tremendous size and length, it moved with such deft and flexibility that even as it moved on to a different area, there was no trace that a giant beast had passed through.

Still, I could hear the giant millipede nearby. Its steps continued to shake the ground, keeping me from trying to leave from my cramped refuge.
Time dragged as we anxiously waited for the millipede to leave when suddenly I could hear a change in\ its actions. The beast’s rapid steps began to slow until all I could hear was a rhythmic thump.
‘What’s going on now?’ Regis asked.
I’m not sure, I responded, sorely tempted to take a peek.
It didn’t take long to figure out that I wouldn’t have been alive if I had moved. Not long after the millipede began rhythmically stomping its countless legs on the ground, I could hear pained cries.
I could only assume that the beast had used some form of echolocation to find anything nearby that had moved.
With the rhythmic stomping halted, I steeled myself enough to find out what was going on despite the burning sensation of my core continuing to absorb the aether from the fruit.
“It’s eating,” Regis whispered, looking over my shoulder.
The millipede had curled itself around a massive tree, which was apparently home to a family of two-tailed monkeys.
What was a feast for the millipede was a tragic bloodbath for the monkeys. I could see a larger monkey drenched in its own blood as it was being swallowed while a smaller monkey pounded desperately on the millipede’s head.
Unfazed by a sight that I had grown much too accustomed to, I studied the millipede. The giant beast had circular depressions all over its back that pulsated, but aside from the dagger-like pincers and its sharp legs, I couldn’t see any other form of attack.
“Please tell me you’re not thinking of fighting that thing,” Regis whispered an inch away from my ear.
“Not if I don’t have to.”
Despite there being over a dozen monkeys all tinged with aether, they stood no chance against the millipede. It didn’t take long for over half of them to be consumed while the other half had given up and escaped for their lives.
As the millipede eventually uncurled itself from the giant tree and began slithering away, I couldn’t help noticing the monkeys inside the beast’s body.
During the battle, the monkeys had grabbed stones from the ground to use as weapons. These had also gotten consumed along with the monkeys.
While the two-tailed beasts bodies were withering—as if their aether was being sucked out of their bodies, a slight glow began enveloping the rock that the millipede had consumed along with it.
After traveling a few hours in the opposite direction of where the millipede had gone upon finishing its meal, I was finally able to spend some time absorbing the rest of the fruit.
While the first bite had been an agonizing experience that could’ve gotten me killed by the millipede, the subsequent bites made it seem like it was all worth it.
I started off with small nibbles, afraid that I’d be met with another wave of pain. Instead, I was met with an overwhelming sensation of heat spreading throughout my body and coalescing back in my core. No longer afraid, I took larger bites as my core hungrily devoured the aetheric essence from the fruit.
What was even more fascinating was that after polishing off the fruit, the aether in my body had lost some of its reddish tint—and that was before my body had completely absorbed all of the aetheric essence.
I didn’t know exactly what the change in color meant but I knew I had gotten stronger.

Time went by neither fast nor slow on this floor. With little need to sleep as frequently and no sun overhead, my internal clock had become all but useless.
As we continued searching for the exit, my mind continued to think back to our encounter with the translucent millipede. More specifically, how the beast’s insides had completely absorbed the aether from the monkeys it had devoured but how a coat of aether seemed to be forming around the stone.

“—thur!” Regis snapped, his voice just inches from my ear.
“What?” I hissed, surprised.
“I was saying...” Regis stressed, his large white eyes narrowing. “That we need to think of a battle phrase for our combo attack!”
I raised a brow. “Our...combo attack?”
“Yeah! You know, when I go inside your hand and make your fist turn all smokey black and purple. In the heat of a battle, you’re going to need something more concise to say.”
My initial reaction was to dismiss his silly idea, but there was some merit to what my floating black companion was suggesting.
“Fine,” I sighed, relenting. “What did you have in mind?”
Regis’s eyes widened in surprise. “Seriously? I thought you were going to be a grouch about it.”
Shooting him glare, I enveloped my body in aether as I raised a hand to smack him.
“Okay okay!” Regis flinched.
“How about Aether Explosion Punch!” he suggested, out of arm’s reach from me.
“No,” I said flatly while my eyes continued to search for any signs of an exit.
“Aetheric Void Buster?”
“No.”
“Shadow Death Imp— “
“No,” I cut him off. “Where are you even coming up with these ridiculous names?”
“Your early memories as Grey playing those arcade games come to mind,” Regis responded simply. “Ooh! How about—”
“No.”

“Fine fine fine. I’ll be serious. What about something simple, like Fist Style or...Fist Form?”
I thought about it for a minute before I suggested something. “What about Gauntlet Form?”
“Yes!” Regis exclaimed, trembling with excitement. “That’s what I’m talking about!”
“Too loud!” I snapped, my head turning back.
“Relax. I saw that gigantic bug go back to its hole near the center of this floor. We’re hours away from it.”
“You saw its den?” I asked, shocked.
“Yeah, while you were absorbing the fruit. It wasn’t that hard to find with how much aetheric essence that place was giving off,” Regis explained before his eyes narrowed in suspicion. “Why? You’re not thinking of trying to fight that thing, right?”
“Let’s just search for the exit,” I dismissed. Meanwhile, the gears in my brain continued turn.
Subjective hours passed uneventfully as we combed through the ethereal forest. A few more times, we ran into a flytrap beast with its fruit tempting me every time we passed by them.
Thankfully, none of the other fruits seemed nearly as potent as the first one I had consumed.
We rested intermittently, mainly so that I could sit down and concentrate on my aether core. I was wracking my brain trying to think of how to form new channels throughout my body so that I could more freely control the aether inside me.
After hours of deliberation and testing with nothing to show for it, I pulled out the translucent stone which held Sylvie. It had become a habit for me to stare mindlessly at it whenever things got tough or I was feeling overwhelmed.
Since a few days ago, I had Regis go inside of it every now and then to see if there were any developments going within the stone—if Sylvie was getting better at all—but nothing had changed.
But this time was different. Whether it was because my core had gotten stronger after consuming the fruit, I didn’t know. But as I continued holding onto the stone, I could feel something pulling at my hands that were wrapped around on the smooth surface of the stone.
Will you accept the aether this time, Sylv? I thought as I pushed the aether from my core.
It only took a few minutes until my entire aether core had been drained, leaving me weak and shivering.
“H-Hey! What happened?” Regis, who had been inspecting the perimeter, flew to my side.
I held up my hand. “I...I’m fine.”
“I’m more than fine.” A smile formed on my face as I stared down at the translucent stone that seemed just a tad brighter than before. “Thanks to Sylv, I think I found a way to maybe control the aether inside me.”
“That’s great! But I got some good news too,” Regis said with a smile. “I think I found the exit from this floor!”
I tucked the small stone back in my vest. “No. We can’t leave yet.”
“What? Why?” Regis panicked. “Are you hurt?”
“Nothing like that.”
My thoughts went back to the millipede and the way it created a shell of aether around everything that it couldn’t digest. According to Regis, there was also a huge influx of aether stemming from its den.
If my thoughts were correct, then even at the risk of my life...
No. I had already decided that I needed to risk my life in order to overcome all of the challenges that I would face when I got out of here.
I turned to Regis and spoke with iron in my voice. “We’re going to kill that millipede.”





Chapter 259
Chapter 259: Mother Lode
When Sylvie’s stone had absorbed the aether from me, it had taken every last drop from my core. However, only a fraction of that aether had been absorbed, spiralling down a designated path inside. The rest seemed to be almost filtered out while the remainder that was able to reach Sylvie, who was comatose within, was too little to amount to anything.
That’s when I realized that Sylvie’s stone wasn’t so much a battery that I needed to slowly charge like I had first assumed. No, it was more like a strainer that I needed to fill with aether faster than it could spill back out.
The fact that Sylvie’s stone wasn’t able to ‘receive’ most of the aether I had tried to give it even after I had consumed the fruit meant that my aether core was flawed. Not ‘flawed’ per se, but just like how mana cores started out with natural impurities from the body that limited the output and storage of mana, my aether core was experiencing a similar phenomenon.
I knew now that the aether core that I had forged was currently filled with impurities. This was hindering the capacity that could be stored within and keeping me from utilizing the full capabilities of aether. Great.
If I wanted to be able to make aether flow the way it did inside Sylvie’s stone, I needed the aether in my core to become much purer. And If I wanted to bring Sylvie back, I needed to be able to unleash that purer aether in a much larger volume than I currently was able to contain—all in one sitting.
Which brought me to the reason why I was currently standing here now, a few feet away from the giant millipede’s den, clad in nothing but a flimsy leather vest and shredded cloth pants.
“It’s not too late to back out,” Regis whispered into my ear.
I knew what it meant if I couldn’t kill it. Nonetheless, it was a sobering reminder that made me reconfirm my priorities. Getting out of here wasn’t actually my top priority—afterall, even if I was able to make it out right at this moment, I was actually weaker than I had been when I fought against Nico and the scythe, Cadell.
My priority was getting stronger, which—thankfully—aligned with getting back Sylvie as well. And killing this millipede would be a big step forward in working toward that.
Meeting Regis’ gaze, I replied to him. “Let’s go inside.”
***
As we traversed deeper inside the giant hole the width of the millipede that spiraled down into the ground, it got strangely brighter. There was a faint purple sheen that clung to the ground, walls and ceiling of the winding tunnel.
Regis scouted ahead, flying back to me every several yards to relay if there were any upcoming changes.
As I was taking a sip from my water sack, I saw the black will-o-wisp coming back out of the corner of my eyes. I picked up my pace, treading lightly on the ground, hoping to hear some different news other than ‘more rocks’ from Regis.
‘Arthur. There’s something up ahead,’ Regis stated quietly after flying into my chest.
If you make the ‘rocks’ joke one more time, I am going to hit you, I replied with suspicion.
‘Just go,’ my companion sighed before floating back out to lead the way.
The tunnel split into two paths but Regis quickly directed me to the slightly wider one on the left side. Not only was it wider in diameter, but also brighter. It only took a few minutes of quiet treading for us to reach what Regis wanted me to see.
Strewn all over the ground were clusters of crystals...aether crystals.
My brows furrowed in confusion at the sight of the glowing purple crystals, littered in front of us like trash. Quickly—and quietly—I picked up a fist-sized crystal and consumed the essence from it until the purple glow subsided.
These aren’t as potent as the fruit I had earlier, but these are still fairly concentrated, I noted mentally as Regis surveyed up ahead.
After consuming one more fist-sized crystal to top my aether capacity to the brim, I stored a couple smaller crystals in my pockets before moving forward. I would come back for these after my fight was over.
As we continued deeper into the millipede’s territory, the tunnel gradually became brighter until a brilliant purple light shone at the very end.
Regis and I exchanged a tense glance before walking forward. My heart pounded against my chest while my palms grew clammy at the thought of fighting against the giant beast. Being this close to the aether beast in its own home, my body could sense the pressure exuding from the giant millipede.
Taking deep, calming breaths and steadying my gait, I walked forward, ready to face my toughest opponent yet.
Let’s do this.
I stepped into the blinding purple light, my body tense and alert for any sudden movements, but when the glare subsided I saw that the tunnel opened into a massive cavern with a domed ceiling. The entire expanse was bathed in a sea of purple emanating from the mountains of glimmering crystals piled upon one another.

But despite the scores of aether crystals—some larger than my entire body—my attention was forced onto the giant millipede.
Instinctually, I stepped back and raised my arms to guard against what was to come. Even Regis cowered behind my shoulder as we gazed upon the towering figure of the aether beast.
It was hunched over in a tall arch while its entire body convulsed. Then, just as I was beginning to think it was about to explode, a waterfall of aether crystals gushed out the back end of the millipede to form a small hill alongside the other mountains of crystals.
It was like a scene straight out of a fairytale. Except, instead of a giant dragon guarding its mountain of treasure, it was a millipede guarding its mountains of...excrement?
“Pfft!” Regis stifled a laugh that echoed throughout the giant cavern, drawing my attention and—to our horror—the attention of the giant millipede.
“Move!” I roared, abandoning all thoughts of stealth at the sight of the charging millipede.
I dashed right as Regis flew to the left.
“I’m sorry, Arthur, but you basically ate this bug’s crap!” Regis guffawed.
I rolled my eyes mentally. Fortunately for me, he was also drawing the attention of the millipede, which gave me time to position myself toward its flank.
Releasing aether from my core, I pushed myself off the ground with a strength that formed a crater beneath my feet.
Clearing several feet in an instant, I smashed my aether-clad fist into the millipede’s side with a resounding ‘thud’.
However, while the millipede buckled from the impact, the wave of pain that surged up my arm suggested that the damage I had given to it wasn’t much to celebrate about.
Landing deftly back on the ground, I crossed the span of the cavern in a sprint as the millipede chased after me.
Just as the millipede got close, I held up a hand straight over my head in a fist—a signal that Regis and I devised to confuse the sound-sensitive aether beast.
Immediately, Regis screamed out, “Over here, you crystal-sharding bug!”
The millipede slid to a stop and whirled around toward the source of the voice. Meanwhile, I continued to exhaust my aether, wrapping my body in a thick layer of aether in the hopes that there’d be a different outcome as I flashed forward.
My surroundings blurred as I approached the millipede that was snapping its pincers at the air, trying to catch Regis. I aimed for the joints where one of its many legs were attached to its body, and this time, there was a satisfying crunch as my fist dug into its leg.
The giant leg snapped off and fell on the ground while a gel-like fluid tinted in purple gushed out from the injury. The aether beast let out a shrill cry while turning its attention back to me.
I raised my fist once more and Regis let out another cry to get its attention. The millipede hesitated for a moment but it decided to attack Regis again, giving me some time to absorb more aether from the crystals abundantly scattered all around us.
“How does that crap taste, Arthur?” Regis teased as he zigzagged in the air away from the millipede.
I raised my hand again, sticking up a specific finger. This one wasn’t a signal.
The gears in my brain spun as I refilled my aether core with the excre—crystals lying about. With the development in my aether core, I was technically able to use Gauntlet Form three times, but Regis hadn’t been able to strengthen himself enough to withstand the burden of three uses.
This was why we decided to test the beast’s defenses without having to resort to using Gauntlet Form.
I continued to try and search for weaknesses while Regis frantically avoided the millipede’s snapping jaws. Even after I had managed to break off two more of its countless legs and struck at the open wound where the legs attached to its body, it didn’t seem to have done any sort of lasting damage.
If anything, I seemed to have made it angrier.
While my supply of aether was abundant thanks to the crystals hoarded in this cavern, my stamina was slowly diminishing.
I guess we have no choice.
Now that I knew inflicting damage to its body hardly did anything to slow it down, the only option was to aim for its head. The problem was that its head was where its serrated pincers were and it also seemed to be the area most heavily armored by its translucent purple exoskeleton.
I would need to land both attacks using Gauntlet Form in the same spot in the hopes that it’d be enough to crack through its defenses.

Stepping off of one of its legs, I landed on the millipede’s back and began running up the smooth flesh of the millipede. Leaping onto its back wasn’t a challenge, but staying on as it reeled like a drunk stallion proved to be much more difficult.
I danced and wove around the giant millipede’s contorting trunk as it used its own legs to try and skewer me atop its own back. Still, as most of its attention was still focused on trying to catch Regis, I was able to avoid the sharp legs that stabbed down from both sides.

The uneven terrain from the countless tergites that segmented the beast’s trunk along with the fact that the millipede continued to spasm and buck to try and fling me off provided me with a challenge I hadn’t faced in a while. I missed flying.
As I neared the millipede’s head, aether stretched across my body in a tight layer of purple. Holding my right arm up, I clenched and unclenched my hand into a fist. This time I was beckoning for Regis.
Catching my signal, he let out another yell to catch the millipede’s attention before narrowly avoiding the beast’s mandibles and flying into my hand.
I immediately felt the rush of aether from my body coalescing into my dominant hand, but I felt something other than just aether forcing its way into where Regis remained. The faintest whisper of a voice, almost mistakable for a passing thought, echoed in my head.
The voice said to kill.
I shrugged it off as my own thoughts. After all, I had come here to kill the beast.
Rushing forward while doing my best to maintain what little control I had over the flow of aether, I reached where its head connected to its trunk.
Gauntlet Form, I recited to Regis.
The deafening crash of thunder resounded throughout the cavern as our attack struck its target. The millipede’s head crashed down into the ground to form a crater the size of a small house.
Cracks and splinters branched out from where my fist connected while the entire top of its head had become slightly concave from the force.
Regis wobbled out of my hand, his expression strained, while I unleashed another wave of aether throughout my body. Experience spanning two lifetimes and countless battles taught me...
Confirm the kill.
My body erupted in a veil of purple as I struck down at the epicenter of the splintering crater atop the millipede’s head. Another splintering crack echoed upon impact, making the millipede’s body jerk.
Even with aether coating my hand, my right fist was a bloodied mess as I pulled it out from the millipede’s head.
My breath short and ragged, I contemplated whether to hit it one more time. The millipede remained lifeless on its belly, a crater formed underneath its head.
“Is it...dead?” Regis asked, his voice hoarse.
Just as I turned back to my companion, the surface beneath my feet was swept up from under me. With no time to react, I was flung off the giant beast, helplessly watching as the serrated mandibles of the millipede snapped shut over Regis.
My eyes widened at the sight of the floating black orb disappearing inside the millipede, and it took every last ounce of self-control to keep myself from screaming out his name.
Quickly reorienting myself, I landed on my feet and immediately swiveled on my heel—barely managing to avoid a barrage of sharp legs raining down from above.
The millipede towered over me and continued to unleash a torrent of strikes using its hundreds of legs. Each time it stabbed down, a foot-long hole was left in the ground but my concentration was split between dodging its legs and looking out for Regis.
Regis was corporeal, capable of going through most objects but I couldn’t see my companion at all. My panic deepened as a minute passed with no sign of the black will-o-wisp.
It wasn’t until another minute when I saw him. He was floating in the inside of the giant millipede.
Damn it.
I needed Regis to launch an attack strong enough to kill this giant bug. Without him, would I be able to win?
A sharp pain erupted as one of the millipede’s sharp legs left a long gash on my arm. This sobered me enough to collect myself.
Even without my arsenal of elemental magic, I had not only trained with the sword extensively in my previous life, but I had trained in combat with Asuras.

I forced myself to remember my battles against Kordri—the oppressive aura that he emanated so casually, the movements that seemed both slow and fast.
Asuras. They were my opponents.
If I needed to rely on Regis for every strong opponent I faced down here, otherwise I wouldn’t even be able to beat the scythes, let alone the asuras behind them.
Letting out a sharp breath, I thought back to Kordri’s words. As he said, hand-to-hand combat was the most versatile and adaptive form of fighting. Except, his duty at that time was to maximize the potential of my human body.
I wasn’t so human anymore.
My legs blurred as I continuously danced around the piercing strikes of the millipede’s legs, my focus heightened to a terrifying degree.
I had to accept that I wasn’t human anymore, and with that came a strength that pushed me to my utmost limit.
The more I continued dodging, the more unnecessary movements I began to shave off. My body began remembering the Asura’s teachings I had cast aside over the years—relying on magic instead.
The battle was long and drawn out. I continued to hack away at its legs until I had finally debilitated its movement.
Since, without being able to control the flow of aether, I couldn’t do enough damage with my bare hands to land a killing blow to the millipede, I decided to use the same method I had used against the chimeras.
Let’s hope this works.
Because the millipede’s legs were too large for me to actually hold as a weapon, I had to break off the sharp tip of its leg for me to be able to use it.
The millipede let out a shrill wail as it clamored toward me with its remaining legs.
Wielding the translucent purple leg like a lance, I tested out my new weapon. The conductivity of it wasn’t as strong as the chimera’s weapons but it would be sufficient. It had to be.
Dodging the serrated mandibles that the millipede struck me with, I looked for an opening.
I had to land a clean hit on the wound at the back of its head where I had struck with Gauntlet Form, but it wasn’t easy as it flailed its head like a deranged bull.
Twice had I missed my target, scraping the exterior shell of its head as it dodged just as I was about to attack. Without the help of Regis drawing its attention, it was attentive to my location, rhythmically thumping its legs on the ground to find my location.
How do I get it to stop? I pondered, running circles around it as I absorbed the aether from the crystals lying about.
My mind spun until the memory of when the chimera had first fused together popped into my head. It was able to release this concussive aura that knocked us back that was almost able to knock me unconscious.
It was uncertain if I would be able to replicate its effects but I was running out of time and my options were limited.
Gauging the amount of aether I had left in my core, I figured I could spend about seventy percent on trying to stun it and the rest on landing the attack.
Steeling myself, I yelled out. “Over here!”
Noticing that I had stopped running, the millipede furiously made its way towards me, scrambling through the piles of aether crystals within the huge cavern.
“Please, let this work,” I mumbled as I began releasing the aether from my core. My aura flared purple at the sudden discharge of aether, but I didn’t stop there.
After waiting for the millipede to draw near, I allowed the aether within me to tear through that thin threshold that was my body, unleashing it in a translucent dome of tinged purple.
Immediately, my legs felt heavy from the exertion, but the effects were more than I had hoped for.
Compared to the concussive force that the fused chimera had released, my attack felt more like the manifestation of an aura—similar to Kordri’s King’s Force. Even I wasn’t completely unaffected as I felt the very air grow heavy.
The millipede stiffened from the effects of my attack and slumped down. Tightening my grip around the impromptu weapon in my hand, I rushed forward with the remaining sliver of aether left in me.
Veering right to avoid the millipede’s sluggish attempt in pincering me, I used its own mandibles as a foothold to launch myself high up into the air.
Utilizing the speed of my fall along with the force of my swing, I drove the lance deep into the epicenter of the crater on the back of the aether beast’s head. The satisfying crunch of the millipede’s exoskeleton shattering was followed by the sensation of penetrating flesh.
The giant millipede let out a pained roar, this time more guttural and raw before its body crashed onto the ground.
Taking out a crystal from my pocket and consuming a bit more aether, I struck the back end of the millipede’s leg once more, driving it deeper into the aether beast’s head.
My body felt like lead and my core ached upon depletion. But I felt good—better than I had in a long time.
“Stay down,” I huffed, collapsing on top of the giant beast.





Chapter 260
Chapter 260: Purge
“Ugh, what is this? What happened?” Regis groaned, covered in translucent ooze, as he slithered out from the backside of the millipede corpse.
I stifled a laugh. “I didn’t know millipede feces could talk.”
Regis’ expression darkened as he looked at where he came from. “Oh crap...”
“Yup, exactly!” I laughed, unable to hold it in any longer.
After the giant millipede had died and its organs began to fail, I was able to see Regis slowly being pushed out toward the beast’s backside. Rather than trying to break its outer shell and pry Regis out from within, I let nature run its course.
“Anyway, welcome back,” I greeted with a smile, patting some of the ooze off of my companion. “How do you feel?”
Regis lowered his gaze. For a split second, I was worried he might pass out but he looked back at me with his mouth curled up into a grin. “...Like crap.”
Despite how exhausted and miserable we both were, everything seemed a little better as we laughed at our own childish jokes.
And with the giant millipede dead, it felt like I had reached another new milestone in growth.
After a short break, the two of us began reaping the rewards of our latest victory. Rather than the hills of aether crystals inside the cavern, I focused my attention on the millipede.
It took less than a glance to realize that the aether beast corpse was the highest and most potent source of aether in this entire cavern. Climbing on top of the giant millipede, I got to work consuming the aether from its body.
As my aether core developed, so did the rate of absorption. Still, with how massive the size of the beast was, it took several sittings.
While the process of absorbing aether was fairly straightforward with my newly-forged core, the next steps had taken more than a third of the aetheric essence from the millipede in order to test out.
But with how much material I had to work with, I was able to experiment and tweak the process—enhancing its efficiency and building my body towards eventually being able to do something even asuras of the Indrath Clan can’t do: manipulate aether.
Since there wasn’t exactly a manual for what I was doing, I broke down the process into three stages and named them absorption, tempering, and lastly, the purging stage.
After absorbing aether, I found that filling my core to the point where it was nearly overflowing—and very painful—forced the aether inside me to more quickly condense and refine itself.
The purging stage, however, was the most important and required my utmost concentration. All at once, I needed to expel nearly all of the aether I had crammed into my core. While the surge of aether was spreading throughout my body, I needed to trace the paths that that aether used to move and slowly guide the rest of the aether to use those same paths.
Every time I purged the aether from my core, I was slowly training the aether to travel through more efficient “passages” within my body rather than just spread aimlessly.
I focused on training the passages within my arms. I realized that, while my technique and experience was able to make up for the loss of speed, they couldn’t make up for my loss of power.
With how widely the aether was distributed within my body every time I utilized its power, I wasn’t able to create enough force to do major damage without nearly exhausting most of my aether. Not without using Gauntlet form, that is.
Hours, if not days, later, after I had gone through nearly eighty percent of the millipede’s aetheric essence, I checked up on my progress.
Holding my hands out in front of me, I released aether from my core. On my first time, I let it simply distribute evenly throughout my body while trying to still feel the aether passages strengthen inside my arm.

On the second try, I focused more aether on my arms. This time, however, I could feel around a ten percent increase in aether around my arms compared to the rest of my body.
A smile crept up on my face as I looked down at my hands, clenching and unclenching them. “H-Haha...”
“You look like you’ve just discovered fire. What are you all excited about?” Regis asked as he floated toward me.
“Can you sense something different?” I answered back, spreading my arms. I let the aether distribute evenly around my body at first.
“The aether around you became a bit less pink,” he noted, not impressed.
“Not that.” I smiled as I coalesced more aether into my arms. “This.”
Regis’ white eyes bulged. “You can control aether now?”
The faint shroud of aether around me dissipated as I relaxed. “Not completely, but it’s a big step forward.”
“Looks like eating all of that millipede dung paid off,” Regis said with a snicker.
“I was consuming the aether from the millipede’s body, not its crap,” I started. “...not yet, at least.”
“Well, I have some good news on that front,” Regis said mysteriously.
I raised a brow. “Oh? What is it?”
“Nuh uh uhh,” Regis chimed. “I’ll tell you after I’ve had my twenty percent share of aether from the giant millipede.”
“Fine. I saved about a quarter of the aetheric essence for you anyway,” I replied before I grinned. “For being eaten and expelled from the giant beast’s rectum, your master bestows upon you a five percent raise.”
“This one is unworthy!” Regis exclaimed exaggeratedly.
After finishing off the last of the millipede’s aetheric essence, reducing its corpse into a hazy gray color, Regis was able to easily withstand Gauntlet form three times without hurting himself.
I had expected more, but Regis was content with his growth—especially the growth of his horns.
“Why do you care so much about how big your horns are?” I asked.
“Why do human males care so much about how big their genitals are?” he quipped back.
I stared down then looked back up toward Regis. “Sorry I asked.”
***
Following Regis inside the massive cavern that was about the length of a city block, he led me past a particularly large hill of aether crystals. After we had reached the peak, the hill dipped to form a crater where a particularly vibrant pile of aether crystals were gathered around four large spheres all ranging in different shades of milky purple.
“Don’t tell me those are...”
“Yup,” Regis finished. “I don’t know how, but that giant millipede had her some babies.”

“But that’s not what’s important,” he continued, floating down into the crater. “Look at those crystals surrounding the eggs.”
Sliding down the side of the bowl of aether crystals that functioned as the millipede’s birthing bed, I focused my gaze on the vibrant set of crystals glowing much more brightly than all the other aether crystals in this cavern.
Squinting as I got closer, I saw what was held inside the crystals. My initial theory had been correct when I saw what was happening to the rock that the millipede had swallowed alongside those two-tailed monkeys.

Trapped within those aether crystals, which were much larger and brighter than the other crystals in this cavern, were various equipment, weapons and other items.
From the way the suits of armor and clothing were positioned within the man-sized crystals, it was evident to me that there was once living people inside each of them. Just like how I had seen the monkey being consumed and its very life sucked out of its body, these people probably had met the same fate after being swallowed whole by the millipede, leaving behind only their possessions.
It was a cruel way for anyone to die, but at this moment, I couldn’t help myself from being overcome by greed. I looked down, examining the torn strips of cloth and leather that I had been passing off as clothes, and then back up at the various armors and equipments gleaming within the crystals.
“Look at your eyes, all sparkling,” Regis teased before scanning the aether crystals himself. “Lucky for us, It seems like mama bug feasted on quite a few mages.”
“Have some respect for the dead,” I scolded.
“All of my respect disappeared since I popped out of that bug’s anus,” Regis chortled.
I was itching to get my hands on some of the equipment trapped within the aether crystals but there was something more important I needed to take care of first.
Using Gauntlet Form, Regis and I destroyed all but the last millipede egg before absorbing the aetheric essence from them.
“Why are you leaving one alive?” Regis asked.
“There’s a pretty delicate ecosystem within this floor. I don’t want to completely destroy that,” I replied, moving on to the first large crystal.
It took several hours to absorb enough aether from the crystals in order to break through them, but the thought of having something more to wear than what I had ripped and tied together kept me going.
Unfortunately, while the man-sized crystals that contained equipment numbered over a dozen, most of them weren’t usable by the time I had broken through the crystalline shell they had been stored in.
What was left, however, were masterfully crafted equipment that no doubt belonged to either powerful mages and warriors or—at the very least—rich ones.
I looked at the weapons first. Out of the ones that didn’t completely fall apart, there was a golden spear with red runes running down its shaft, an unstrung longbow, a longsword with a gem imbedded on its pommel and a crack running down the length of the blade, and a staff with a shattered gem.
Regis frowned as he hovered over the weapons strewn on the ground in front of me. “Well that’s anticlimactic.”
Remaining hopeful, I picked up the longsword first. It was perfectly balanced and felt good in my hands but when I imbued aether into the sword, the crack that ran down its blade grew bigger and began splintering.
Letting out a sigh, I struck the ground. Smaller aether crystals splashed from the impact as the sword shattered into pieces.
Next, I picked up the spear. Imbuing aether into this one had a particular effect; the runes began glowing purple.
Regis’ eyes widened. “Ooh! Do we have a winn—”
The spear exploded into pieces in my hands, hurling me several feet back and charring my leather vest.

“I guess I spoke too soon,” Regis replied.
“Damn it,” I cursed, gathering myself and walking back to the weapons that were left.
The remaining weapons didn’t fare much better: the runes on the bow indicated that it used mana to create a string and fire arrows, making it hopeless for me to use, while the staff with the shattered gem proved to be even less useful than the exploding spear—at least the spear would’ve taken someone by surprise had I used it on an enemy.
I moved on to the pile of equipment that I had taken out of the aether crystals. Unfortunately, I faced the same problem wearing the plated armor that I had with using the weapons. Because all of the higher-tiered pieces of armor were forge to better conduct mana, even using aether with those equipped quickly led to them breaking down or exploding.
What I was left with was clothing made from fine cloth or leather.
“Looking good, princess,” Regis teased as he circled around me.
My new outfit consisted of a loose white long-sleeved shirt that I tucked into a pair of bracers made from a thick blackened leather. Over it, I put on a gorget that was made from the same material as the bracers. Despite my rather lean frame, it fit well, resting snug over my shoulders and coming up to my chin.
After some testing, I realized that the shirt and the leather pieces of armor were surprisingly durable. They didn’t have any runes or indications that they were artifacts, so I didn’t need to worry about my clothes bursting from a bad reaction with aether. That’s always a good thing.
Along with a pair of pants, some soft leather shoes and a sturdy bag that was able to securely hold Sylvie’s stone and my water pouch, the last item held a bit of sentimental value to me. It was a rather elegant cloak lined with a soft white fur around its hood.
It was slash-resistant and incredibly warm, but I liked it simply because of its color. While it was white with fur on the inside, the outer cloth was a toned-down teal color. It reminded me of Dawn’s Ballad, but more than that, it reminded me of the simpler times when I first found Dawn’s Ballad in the back corner of the Helstea Auction House.
Putting on the cloak that came down just above my knees, I was greeted by a nice heft, but what surprised me was that there was something hidden inside the inner lining of the cloak.
“I thought you had gone through all of the weapons,” Regis chimed, studying the dagger in my hand.
“I thought so too,” I muttered, entranced by the small weapon for some reason.
The sleek handle of brushed silver was just long enough for me to hold it in one hand with slight grooves for each of my fingers. Attached to the end of the handle was a ring—most likely for my index finger if I chose to wield it blade down.
Gripping the handle tightly, I pulled it out of its sheath to reveal a flawless white blade with an insignia of a hexagon with three parallel streaks inside it carved near the base.
“Woah. What is that made of?” Regis asked, studying the glistening white blade.
I held it close in front of me, inspecting it as well. “It looks like some kind of... bone?”
“Are bones usually that shiny and white though? It looks almost crystalline.”
“This is my first time seeing something like this too,” I confessed, unable to take my eyes off of it.”
“Try it out. Imbue some aether into it,” Regis said impatiently.
I was afraid to—I didn’t want to damage it. But when I did, to my surprise, it was able to withstand and even conduct a small portion of the aether.
“Do you think that the person who had this knife knew how to wield aether too?” Regis asked, astonished at the sight of the faint purple aura leaking from its white blade.
“I don’t think so,” I replied. “Most likely, this dagger is just made from something that was able to wield aether—maybe from some beast found in this dungeon.”
Regis’s mouth curved up into a sinister smile. “Wicked.”
I looked back at the remaining millipede egg, searching for an ounce of guilt over killing its three siblings. I had definitely lost something while down here. A part of me was scared and wanted me to latch onto whatever remaining shred of humanity I had left, but a larger part of me knew that in order to survive here and in order to reach my goal, I couldn’t falter.
“Ready to go?” Regis asked.
“Just a minute.” Gathering my hair that had grown far past my shoulders, I tied it loosely near the base of my neck. Gripping the ponytail, I cut off my hair just past the knot, letting the locks of pale wheat hair fall to the ground.
Regis nodded in approval. “I’ll admit, that was pretty manly.”
I took a passing glance at the giant millipede that we had killed before walking forward. “Let’s go.”





Chapter 261
Chapter 261: The Bridge
“Stop screaming!” I snapped, my legs a blur as we sped through the endless meadow of glowing white wildflowers and blue grass.
“Then tell them to stop chasing us!” Regis howled, zipping through the air beside me.
Behind us were hundreds, if not thousands, of rodents, each the size of a puma, with glowing purple claws...and all of them were incredibly pissed off at us.
“I told you not to go poking around those giant holes!” I retorted.
Regis sped past me, afraid of getting scratched by those purple claws again. “How was I supposed to know that thousands of giant rats were living in them!”
Anger bubbled up. “What exactly were you expecting then? Giant snakes?”
“No, I was just thinking if we were going to find another treasure trove or some—”
“Regis, Gauntlet Form!” I cut in as I whirled around and skid to a stop.
An aura of black and purple flared from my right fist, growing larger as the army of giant rodents rapidly approached.
Using two ‘charges’, I released an explosive blast that distorted the very space it touched, killing a few dozen rodents.
Immediately after, I hooked my index finger in the ring attached to the pommel of the dagger, unsheathing it with a brilliant white arc.
Focusing aether on my arms, I soon became a torrent of blade and fists, cutting, stabbing, and striking every giant rodent within range.
Wielding a dagger was difficult at first. Despite the similarity in shape to a sword, the style of fighting using a dagger had proven vastly different.
It was fun though. Utilizing the ring at the bottom of the hilt, I was able to hook my finger through it, freeing up my hand to strike or parry with a palm. The shorter length of the dagger meant that strikes and slashes were faster and more concise, allowing for sharper and more volatile movement.
Corpses of the giant purple-clawed rodents lay strewn about, dying the beautiful blue grass around me in crimson.
Before the rest of their horde could arrive, Regis and I turned back and started to run. We continued running and slowly chipping away at their forces for several hours while searching for an exit within this seemingly vast field of ocean-like grass.
What was worse was that, unlike the chimeras and millipede, most of the rodents’ bodies didn’t contain aether—only their claws were coated in a dense layer of aether. This allowed them to actually injure Regis and made them very cumbersome to kill with little benefit since I was using more aether than I was regenerating.
“Over there!” Regis shouted as he picked up speed.
I saw it too. Out in the distance, there was an all-too-familiar teleportation gate glowing brightly, beckoning us. It was only after we drew near it that we realized it wasn’t going to be that easy.

Separating us from the gate was a chasm at least 30 yards wide with no end in sight on either side for us to go around.
“What do we do?” Regis asked as my mind spun, looking for a way out. Behind us was at least a thousand rodents hell bent on killing us— all the more angry after we had continuously killed off their brethren.
Pumping out more aether from my core, I picked up speed as well, gaining some distance away from the horde of rodents. As we got closer, my eyes picked up two columns both on the portal side and on our side as well.
“I think there’s a bridge there!” I said, pointing to the two columns just a few dozen yards ahead. I could only hope that there was a mechanism that connected the columns on either side together.
I skidded to a stop just in front of the two pillars that were about three shoulder-widths apart. But when I saw what had happened, I cursed aloud.
There were thick rune-inscribed chains coming from the columns and falling down the crevice. At the bottom there was a stream of red, and by the heat that could be felt all the way from here, I knew that it was lava.
That was why there were no grass or flowers growing this close to the crevice.
“Well...there was a bridge,” Regis said dejectedly, looking down into the abyss. “I wonder what did this?”
“Not what. Who.” I seethed, punching the tree-sized pillar of stone before turning back to face the army of rodents.
“Please don’t tell me you’re going to try and kill all of those creatures,” Regis groaned.
“Not exactly,” I said. “I have a plan but you’re not going to like it.”
Regis stared at me, deadpan. “Has there ever been a plan that I liked?”
***
I hid behind one of the columns, replenishing my core using a rodent claw that I had severed and stored in my bag while I watched Regis scream as he fast approached. Just behind him was the horde of rodents desperately clambering atop one another, swiping savagely at Regis.
“I hate you!” Regis howled as he drew near.
I waited until he was about a foot from the cliff before releasing the same aetheric aura that I had used to immobilize the giant millipede.
By the time the frontline rodents realized that they were running towards a cliff, it was too late. The air around them grew heavy as the aetheric aura spread. The waves of rodents behind the first row weren’t able to stop in time either, crashing into their brethren and falling off the cliff as they desperately clawed at the air.
Meanwhile, Regis continued to hover in the air, inviting the giant rodents in the back that weren’t yet aware of the cliff to try and kill him while gleefully laughing like a maniac.
“Come on, you pea-brained rats! Try and touch me with those manicured claws of yours now, bitches! Hahahaha!”
“Now!” I roared as the final wave of giant rodents clambered atop their brethren and leapt off in a desperate attempt to reach Regis.
I used most of my aether to burst forward, pushing off the column for maximum speed.
With aether shrouding my body, I stepped on the heads of the crazed rodents, climbing on top of them to get as close to the other side of the crevice as possible. With the river of lava below me, my eyes scanned the route that I would be able to take to get to the other side.

Just before the giant rodents under my feet began falling down, I leapt off the crest of the rodent pile.
I pushed away the thought of missing my footing and falling into the river of lava that was blowing hot air even all the way up here. I doubted that even my vivum-enhanced healing abilities would be able to regenerate me faster than the lava would eat away at my body.

My eyes locked onto the rodent up ahead in the air. It had managed to clear almost halfway across the crevice trying to get Regis.
Stamping my foot on the flailing rodent’s back, I pushed off of him to gain the extra distance I needed to reach the other side.
“You’re not going to make it!” Regis screamed as I began descending just a few feet shy from the clifftop.
Pulling out my dagger, I summoned the remaining sliver of aether to reinforce my arm and dagger before driving it into the face of the cliff.
The very air distorted in ripples from the waves of heat emanating from the stream of lava drawing closer.
‘Use my aether for Gauntlet Form!’ Regis sent as my free hand started glowing black and purple.
With no time to waste, I unleashed the aether coalesced into my fist, striking downward rather than straight at the rocky cliffside.
The impact created a big crater on the cliffside. I was freefalling for a second until I barely managed to snag my fingers over the edge of the depression that I had created.
My hands—along with the rest of my body—clammy with sweat, I nearly lost my grip but managed to hold on.
Clinging for dear life until I was able to pull myself up, I fell flat on my back in the small cave that I had created with Gauntlet Form.
“We made it!” a slightly shrunken Regis cheered as I struggled to breathe. The air was thick here, but it was a bit different from just heat. Too tired and hot to figure out why, I was tempted to let sleep overtake me but I knew that falling unconscious this close to the molten river spelled death.
“Thanks for saving me,” I said to Regis.
The little orb of black shrugged nonchalantly. “Meh, I’m not very keen on finding out what happens to me if you die. Just promise me a bigger chunk of aether next time and we’ll call it even.”
I nodded before getting back to the matter at hand. Even without strengthening my body with aether, I should be able to climb the cliff, and common sense dictated that I should get as far away as possible from this river of lava that I had clearly seen bake those puma-sized rodents alive in mere seconds.
However, my instincts told me otherwise, and my new body seemed to agree. Staring down, for some reason, I thought that this glowing river of lava would help me.
“So, you all rested up? Ready to climb up out of here?” Regis asked cheerfully as he continued to watch a few dumber rodents chase after us and fall to their fiery deaths.
It was when I spotted several glints of purple floating away in the molten stream that I realized why I had been feeling this way.
“No. Not yet,” I said as my eyes began scanning the inside of the man-sized cave I was in, yet another brilliant plan of mine slowly snapping into place.

“Tell me the truth, Arthur. You’re a masochist, aren’t you.”
“No, I don’t particularly enjoy feeling pain, Regis,” I stated, lowering my toes.
“Oh so you’re just dunking yourself in lava for shits and giggles?”
I stopped. “Do you mind? I kind of need to concentrate if I don’t want my body to melt.”
Regis rolled his eyes. “Oh, I’m sorry for trying to dissuade you from skinny dipping in lava.”
“Apology accepted, now shut up.” I took a deep breath. Even after hours of testing dozens of times, it was nerve-wracking to actually submerge myself into the molten river.
Dipping my entire body into the stream of lava, I immediately felt a burning, but tolerable heat coursing through me as I continued pumping aether from my core.
It was an odd feeling but it didn’t take long for me to be able to confirm the benefits of doing this. I had been right, except, it had gone beyond my expectations.
Seeing the glowing purple claws of the rodents had confirmed my instincts and had set the plan into motion.
The first stage was the most uncertain. Just like how the last level had its own unique ecosystem, so did this one.
When I had consumed the aether from the rodents’ claws, I realized that they were only coated in aether. Their natural claws—while sharp and near-indestructible—were just black. Seeing how their bodies weren’t able to innately wield aether like the chimeras, monkeys, or the millipede, I assumed that they had acquired those claws through some other means.
Their species lived underground, using their sharp claws to dig tunnels, so I speculated that in the ground was something that was rich in aether that they dug through in order to layer their claws with aether.
After hours of using my newfound dagger and aether to dig and punch deeper into the cave that I had made, Regis and I had found it...
An aether crystal.
The one that we had managed to find was about seven feet in diameter and extremely dense in mana.
If the first part of my plan had been uncertain, then the second part of my plan should be described as painful.
With no way of knowing if my body would fare any better than the rodent claws, I did the only thing any wise and intelligent person would do: test.
After another several hours of melting my fingers, waiting for them to regenerate by using the aether crystal, and doing it again while adjusting the input of my aether, I had finally come to where I was now...buck naked, standing on one of the shallow ends of the molten river I had found by tossing a boulder into it.
But it had paid off. My body felt as if it was going through the tempering and purging stage of my patented aether refinement process over and over again every second.
Because of how much aether I needed to expel constantly in order to keep my body from burning, as well as to be in a state of equilibrium with the harsh aether flowing within this molten river, I could only be inside for about a minute at a time. At least at first, that is.
“Wow. Five minutes.” Regis acknowledged with a nod. “New record.”
I stared at the aether crystal that had now dulled into a hazy gray color. “Just in time. I think it’s about time we leave.”
“Really?” Regis’ eyes sparkled like a puppy in front of a steak. I felt a little sorry for my floating companion. After the rodents had finally given up on trying to chase after us, Regis’ favorite show—watching the rodents fall and sizzle in the molten stream—had been stopped. This meant that he was stuck watching me go in and out between the molten river and the aether crystal, naked.
I gave him a nod, putting on my clothes. After adjusting my darkened leather bracers and gorget and equipping my bag and the white dagger I had grown fond of, I draped the teal fur-lined cloak over my shoulders. “You ready?”
“Hell yes,” Regis declared before stopping abruptly and turning around. “But before that... was it worth it?”
I let aether erupt from my core. Rather than seeing the thin sheen of magenta cover my entire body, however, my aether burned a brilliant purple—all traces of the reddish hue now gone. What really surprised Regis though, was the fact that almost all of the aether had coalesced into my right fist.
My lips curved into a smirk as I watched Regis gape stupidly. “You tell me.”





Chapter 262
Chapter 262: The Platform
Tempering my body in that molten stream for the past few days had been the right choice. I was now able to concentrate about eighty percent of the aether into my arms and focus up to thirty percent of my aether into my legs. That being said, my heightened control over aether made the climb back up to the clifftop a breeze.
I was tempted to stay longer in that fiery river—while excruciating, using the molten stream was a much faster way of forging my aether passages—but I had gotten lucky finding an aether crystal that large nearby. Without it, I wouldn’t have been able to make such drastic improvements in that short amount of time.
There were a couple things I wanted to do before crossing through the teleportation gate. First, I looked for a source of freshwater. I knew there had to be one nearby since I had accidentally managed to excavate a thin vein of water down within the cave while looking for an aether crystal. Even if I didn’t need to drink nearly as much water now, if I hadn’t found that, I would’ve had to make a trip back up to the giant rodents’ territory.
“Found it!” Regis shouted a few dozen yards ahead.
“Nice!” The dark dirt gave way to a lush field of blue grass once more as I reached the glistening pond of water.
Wasting no time, I gulped down mouthfuls of water and refilled my pouch before stripping my clothes and jumping in.
My body shivered at the cold touch of water on my skin but the sensation was blissful. After thoroughly washing myself, I couldn’t help but study my appearance once more.
The pair of eyes that gazed back at me in the water shone like two spheres of golden amber tinged with some blue—evidence of my former eye color. Locks of pale wheat hair draped over my face, emphasizing the solemn expression I bore as I stared at myself. I still looked like Arthur, but I kept looking for small differences to prove otherwise. In the end, it was just me being discontent that the most obvious traits that I had gotten from my mother and father were now gone.
Stop thinking like that. You should be grateful to Sylvie you’re alive, I reprimanded myself.
“Are you done checking yourself out?” Regis chimed.
Turning back, I shot him a withering glare, surprising him.
“Easy. It was a joke,” my companion muttered.
I let out a sigh. “I know.”
After getting out of the water, I got dressed in everything but the leather armor and teal cloak. I wanted to get adjusted to the changes in my body after tempering in the molten river. To do that, I needed to see exactly what I was capable of and what my limits were.
Without a proper punching bag in this field of blue and white, I was left having to strike the air and occasionally the ground, but I was able to get a grasp of how much I had improved.
Despite the fact that Regis used my own aether as fuel to unleash Gauntlet Form, I wasn’t able to duplicate that effect even after imbuing all eighty percent of my aether into my right fist. I was stronger—tougher—and the regenerative properties were heightened with so much aether coalesced in one place, but when I punched into the ground, the outcome wasn’t as destructive as I had hoped it would be.
Still, because I was able to more freely control my aether, Regis and I were able to utilize Gauntlet Form much more instantaneously and effectively.
One crucial limitation that I realized, however, was the speed at which aether travelled inside me.
Whether it was because my aether passages weren’t completely formed, or because I was still trying to treat aether as if it were mana, it still took a few seconds of concentration in order to siphon aether into the desired location within my body.
I still have a long way to go until I’m able to use advanced techniques like burst step. Still, I couldn’t help but get a little excited. This body would be able to bear the burden of burst step and much more.
Before we headed back to where the teleportation gate stood, I took out the translucent stone that held Sylvie inside.
“Let’s hope my aether is pure enough for you now, Sylv,” I muttered as I pushed aether into the stone. A shroud of purple enveloped the stone as I felt nearly all of my aether being drained from my core.
This time, I could feel much more of my aether reaching Sylvie, but it was all the same. While I had gotten stronger, at this point, I was dropping buckets in a pond, rather than cups. I really did have a long way to go.
After my core had replenished, we made our way back to the towering teleportation gate and stood in front of the undulating portal.
I turned to Regis. “Ready?”
He let out a scoff. “Let’s see what fresh slice of hell awaits us next.”
The two of us stepped through, both excited and anxious of what we’d have to face on the other side.
Despite our preparation and even anticipation for something unpredictable and bizarre, we were still stunned silent as the bright white light finally gave away to a serene spectrum of colors. Despite having the accumulation of two lifetimes in two different worlds, my mind couldn’t quite make out what I was seeing.

“Well this is new,” Regis muttered as the two of us continued staring blankly at the scene ahead.
Glowing platforms the size of small houses lay suspended in the air, each one a different color and a bit higher the farther they were. The platforms were connected by a single set of glowing stairs that seemed to be made of the same material as the platforms themselves.
The sky itself, if I could even call it that, shimmered in a purple hue, making this place look as if it was in a perpetual state of twilight.
The teleportation gate we had come through was apparently one-way because behind us was just an expanse of the shimmering purple sky. No sun or moon, no obvious source of light or even a horizon...there was just nothing.
I stepped away from the edge of the platform we were standing on, not wanting to find out how steep of a drop it was if we fell.
“At least there’s only one way to go, right?” I said, kneeling down to inspect the platform we were standing on. This one glowed a soft white and was smooth to the touch.
Regis rolled his eyes. “Woohoo.”
I walked carefully toward the set of glowing stairs leading to the next platform, wary of any traps. Thankfully, I managed to reach the stairs without anyone or anything trying to kill me.
Climbing the stairs, I reached the next platform which glowed in various shades of red. After the two of us exchanged a wary glance, I stepped on the platform.
Immediately, the staircase behind me faded away, forcing me to fully commit to the platform. As both feet were planted on the glowing red floor, the entire platform began elongating, stretching to about quadruple its original length. Worse yet, I felt something pull at my insides, forcing me to stumble and almost fall.
My breathing faltered as wisps of purple aura leaked from my skin. Even as I closed off my aether core, I could feel the aether escape, slowly draining both my body and my core.
Regis was in worse shape as he fell to the floor, his entire form flickering and growing noticeably smaller by the second.
“Regis!” I reached out and grabbed him, allowing him to sink into my hand.
‘Thanks,’ Regis remarked without a shred of his usual blend of sarcasm and condescension.
Meanwhile, I couldn’t help but start to panic as more and more aether was being siphoned out of my core and leaking from the surface of my body.
I began hurriedly crossing to the other side of the platform where the stairs to the next level awaited. However, the rate that my aether was being sucked out from me increased the closer I got.
Thinking on my feet, I began concentrating aether to my right arm. With all of my aether coalescing in one place, I could only feel the aether leaking from my right arm.
Better than nothing, I suppose.
I was nearly at the stairs now but my gut told me to try and overcome this.
‘Uhh, the exit is right there,’ my companion sent, his concerned voice echoing in my head.
“I...know,” I said through gritted teeth as I stopped in my tracks.
Rather than panicking at the sensation of aether escaping from my very grasp, I used every ounce of concentration into narrowing the aether from my entire arm to my hand, then to the center of my palm until I could feel the aether about to burst.
That’s when I felt like something had changed inside me. As if my aether passages dispersed and rose to the surface of my skin. A layer of purple clung tightly to my right palm while rune-like marks extended out to my fingers like a glove made of aether.
Suddenly, my hand began to burn.
‘Arthur! You’re going to destroy your hand at this rate!’ Regis cried, panicking. ‘Hold on! I’ll absorb some of your aether!’
“No, don’t!” I groaned. I let whatever anomaly was happening within this platform help me drain the aether coalescing in the center of my palm. Better yet, I let it help guide my channels.
Letting out a roar to overcome the pain gnawing away at my hand, I pushed out.
A deep thrum resounded, followed by a devastating torrent of violet flames erupting from the center of my palm.
I gripped my right arm with my left hand to help stabilize and keep my arm from ripping out of its socket.
The sound of my own voice was washed away from the deafening blast as I struggled to stay conscious.
My ears rang and most of the red platform that had seemed indestructible up until now had been obliterated.

I fell to my knees and I cradled my right arm. All of my fingers had been broken and bent out of place from the impact and my entire right arm had fractures. And without a shred of aether left in my body, I could already feel my body turning against me.
“—thur! Arthur!”

I saw a blurry Regis shouting my name before shooting into my chest. Almost immediately, I could feel Regis injecting his own aether into my core, supplying me with most of what he had accumulated since manifesting.
Strength flowing through me once more, I staggered off the red platform and climbed the stairs using my hand and feet.
“Regis, are you okay?” I asked, worry laced in my voice.
Regis remained inside me, and I could feel he was still alive but he remained quiet.
Finally, my companion stirred and let out a groan.
‘You really are a fucking masochist,’ he grumbled weakly.
The two of us stared at the glowing orange platform in front of us.
Regis was no larger than the size of my palm now after giving me most of his aether. What was worse was that we weren’t able to stay on the floating stairs indefinitely. After a while, the stair we were on began trembling before fizzling out of existence. Eventually, we had been forced to the last stair before the platform, my arm still mostly broken.
“Remember, I can’t use Gauntlet Form right now,” Regis warned, hovering just over my shoulder.
“I know.”
“And don’t you even think about using whatever it was you used on that last platform! I mean, what the hell were you even thinking!”
“I told you. I need to risk my life if I want to stand a chance against asuras,” I stated. Despite my injury and close call, I had succeeded. I could feel the change in my body and the possibilities of what I would be able to do once I was strong enough to handle it. “But you have to admit, the result was worth it.”
“If it wasn’t for me, you would’ve died doing that dragon’s fart technique!” he yelled before letting out a breath. “Fine. It was pretty cool. Just don’t do it again until we’re someplace safe, yeah?”
“It was a calculated risk...but I agree,” I answered before stepping onto the orange platform. As soon as my foot touched the floor, the entire platform began glowing brighter and started pulsating softly while the stairs leading to the next platform retracted.
“That didn’t happen on the last platform,” Regis stated grimly, looking at the stairs.
However, even as Regis was talking, I sensed something and moved my body accordingly. I spun on my front foot, pivoting to the right and grabbing the space in front of me with my left hand.
A slight prickle on my cheek told me that I wasn’t able to dodge completely but what surprised me more was the fact that I was able to react to the humanoid beast that had attacked me at all.
Aside from the fact that it was deadly fast, it seemed to be invisible. Even with the fact that I was able to see aether with my eyes, the beast simply looked like a faint blur of purple with two bladed arms and four legs.
“Regis.” I tightened my grip around the bladed beast’s arm as it struggled to pry free. “Be careful.”
My companion’s eyes widened at what he saw and hid behind me.
With my right hand out of commission, I tried throwing the beast off of the platform but it hit an invisible wall.
Imbuing aether into my left arm, I unsheathed my dagger and struck the humanoid beast underneath its chin and severed its head.
The entire platform shook from the impact and the headless beast slumped into the ground without a trace of blood leaking from its wound.
As soon as the beast died, details formed underneath its camouflaging shroud of aether.
“How’d you even see this thing?” Regis asked as he hovered over what could only be described as some sort of reptilian centaur.
I touched my cheek, wiping a bead of blood from the wound that had already healed. “I didn’t...I just sort of knew and reacted to it.”
“I wonder if it’s because of your new body,” Regis pondered.

“I’m not sure. I didn’t feel this way when I first woke up to this body. Even while fighting the chimeras and the millipede—I don’t think I would’ve been able to react this fast back then.”
My mind spun, trying to think of what could’ve changed. Maybe by forging my aether passages, the aether was further acclimating to my body internally, strengthening my nerves to enhance my perception and reflexes.
The sight of the reptilian centaur fading into nothingness snapped me back to reality. Soon after, the platform dimmed to its usual color and the stairs returned to its usual state, connecting this platform to the one after.
Regis tilted his head. “I guess...that’s it?”
We crossed the platform carefully, making sure there weren’t any more invisible threats, but after I had deemed it safe, the two of us took some more time to heal.
After a few hours of concentrated absorption of aether, I was back to full health and was even able to give Regis some aether. His body and horns were still half their previous size but he was at least able to use Gauntlet Form once.
“Let’s go,” I stated, curling and uncurling my healed right hand.
Reaching the end of the platform, we climbed the flight of stairs, much more confident than last time.
This platform was bathed dimly in deep blue light and when I carefully touched the floor with my foot, rather than pulsating like the previous platform, tiles shimmered into view, segmenting the entire area into smaller squares, each the span of my arms.
“Ooh, not ominous at all,” Regis said sarcastically, looking at the squares. “Too bad you can’t just float over them like me.”
“You make it sound like your life isn’t tied to mine,” I shot back with a smirk.
Regis’s expression fell as he muttered weakly, “We don’t know that for sure...”
“Let’s not find out,” I chuckled before focusing on the task at hand.
I got low and tapped lightly on the square just ahead while watching out for any more invisible beasts sneaking up on me.
Nothing happened, but when I placed both feet on the same square, the entire platform trembled before it suddenly spun ninety degrees. Suddenly, I was on the left side of the square rather than the front side.
“Woah,” Regis muttered.
I carefully stepped on the square to my left, the one that was closer to the stairs leading up to the next platform. However, as soon as both feet were planted, the entire platform rotated once more, this time, counterclockwise.
“It’s a...puzzle,” I said, stepping on another square. “Like some sort of two dimensional Rubik’s Cube.”
The platform turned counterclockwise again, and the more I tried to get closer toward the stairs, the farther away I was led.
Minutes easily bled into hours as we stepped, failed, and retraced our steps before starting again.
“Forward, left, left, forward, right—no I think it was left?” Regis muttered.
“Shut up! You’re making this harder,” I snapped as I hopped through the memorized path until we were just three squares away from the staircase.
I stepped on the square adjacent to the one I was on this time, spinning me clockwise, but the move after that led to a dead route.
“Damn it,” I cursed, tracing back my path a few steps to hopefully find a different route.
“Can’t you just jump this distance?” Regis asked, his gaze shifting from me to the stairs.
I stared blankly at my companion. “Is that allowed?”
“You can get to the stairs easily from here,” he replied. “And generally, the stairs have always been safe.”
I thought for a moment and realized we could be stuck here for hours if not days on this giant spinning chessboard.
Imbuing aether into my legs, I jumped.
The distance was easy to clear but as I descended toward the flight of stairs, suddenly, a shadow loomed over me.
It was the entire platform.
My eyes widened as the entire blue platform flipped, and it came crashing over my head.
No... it can’t end just like this.
“Arthur!” Regis cried, falling alongside me despite his ability to fly.
I flailed my arms desperately in the air, trying to grab ahold of something in this purple void. I tried to gather aether once more in my palm but to no avail—I didn’t have nearly enough to launch an attack like earlier.
There was nothing either of us could do as we continued plummeting and the platform grew farther and farther away, until it faded out of sight.





Chapter 263
Chapter 263: Cornered
Panic began bubbling up in the pit of my stomach as the platform disappeared from view. I didn’t have the confidence to say that I’d survive the impact after hitting the ground at this speed. Worse yet was the fact that I might not hit anything at all. Knowing that aether was involved in making this place, the possibility of falling indefinitely was all too real.
I remembered the helpless void that I had trapped myself in before waking up in this dungeon. The sheer numbness and darkness that had swallowed my mind and soul was something that brought chills down my spine at the mere recollection of it.
The impact I felt on my back, however, snapped me back to reality. I had landed on a platform.
The otherworldly surface glowed a soft white underneath me. As my mind tried to process what had happened, another crash resounded behind me.
“Sonova—”
“Regis! Are you okay?” I asked as my companion swaggered back up into the air, hovering a few feet above the glowing white platform.
“I don’t know... but for someone incorporeal, a lot of shit sure can touch me in this godforsaken place,” Regis groused.
I cracked a smile, happy to see my companion complain...and happy to have solid ground beneath me. However, what bothered me was the fact that, behind us, there were no other platforms. Just like when we had first arrived here.
With little choice but to walk up the lone staircase up ahead, we made our way across the platform and climbed the stairs to see the familiar glow of red on the platform in front of us.
I stared dumbfoundedly at the view ahead, struck with a sudden sense of déjà vu. “Regis. Please tell me you’re thinking the same thing I am.”
“If you’re thinking of a certain Italian plumber with a mustache, and what happens to him when he falls, then yeah,” Regis muttered.
“Crude metaphor of an ancient video game aside, I think you may have a point,” I replied. “But we’ll find out for sure once we step on it.”
“You mean once you step on it.” Regis shot toward me, disappearing into my hand.
Letting out a sigh, I stepped onto the platform. Almost immediately, I felt the sensation of aether being sucked out of me while the glowing red platform stretched out in length.
“I’m not even surprised,” I muttered, trudging forward.
I coalesced aether from my left hand this time, limiting the rate at which aether left my body as I neared the staircase.
‘Easy,’ Regis scoffed.
I stopped a few steps short of the staircase.
‘Wait, no. Please don’t tell me...’
“Where else am I going to find another environment that naturally pulls aether out of me?” I asked before smirking. “Besides, didn’t you just say it was easy?”
Despite having experience launching a destructive blast of aether from the palm of my hand, the second time wasn’t any easier. In fact, because I had become more accustomed to coalescing aether in my right hand, I had an even harder time with my left.
Needless to say, I walked up the staircase to the next platform with a shattered left hand, a near-empty aether core... and a smile on my face.
Regis glared daggers at me, his size once again shrunken from having to inject his aether into me. “Masochist.”

Ignoring the potential psychological repercussions of my dangerous actions since waking up in this dungeon, I stepped onto the orange platform. I dodged the invisible centaur beast once more, but rather than making the mistake of killing it and letting it disappear, I pinned it down and absorbed its aether first.
The great thing about expanding my aether passages was that I was no longer limited to consuming aether using my mouth. I could now absorb through my hand with dignity and poise.
Stepping up onto the blue platform, recovered and brimming with energy, I patiently solved the spinning platform puzzle.
My heart finally calmed after stepping onto the staircase leading to the next platform. The memory of the ground flipping from straight beneath me and sending me down a void had been seared into both our minds.
“Please let this next one be the exit,” Regis prayed, his horns practically drooping.
As we reached the top of the stairs, I couldn’t help but grow anxious.
The platform was about twice as big as the previous platforms and emitted an ominous black light.
I pushed aside my worries as my hand subconsciously reached for the bag carrying Sylvie’s stone. Despite the state she was in, my bond had become an anchor for me and a constant reminder of what my goals were.
Steeling myself, I stepped up onto the black platform with Regis following close behind. As soon as my feet were both planted on the glowing black surface, the entire platform began to thrum deeply.
My eyes scanned my surroundings, my senses on full alert for any dangers coming our way. The thrumming grew louder to an almost deafening degree until, suddenly, hundreds of black wires shot out from all four edges of the square platform, criss-crossing with each other to form a fence-like enclosing that stretched high above us.
Regis looked up and around. “That can’t be good.”
A thick layer of aether clung evenly over my body as I stepped toward the center. Seeing that we were blocked from moving forward meant that we needed to solve some sort of puzzle...or kill something in here.
As if reading my thoughts, the ground a few yards in front of me began rippling as a large mound of glowing black began growing from the center of it.
The expanse of purple surrounding us darkened as a towering figure burgeoned from the very ground we were standing on.
I gazed up at the shadowy giant looming over us. The bipedal creature was at least five times my height and looked like it was wearing a full set of armor of the same shadowy material as the rest of its body, along with a viking helmet with two horns curling upward. As it stepped toward us, causing the entire platform to tremble, I said the only thing appropriate for a situation like this.
“Look, Regis. It’s your dad.”
My companion regarded me for moment, deadpan. “I liked you better when you were depressed.”
The glowing black floor shook furiously as I effortlessly dodged the crashing strike launched by the shadowy sentinel. Its movements were slow but I knew that getting hit even once could spell death.
“Regis.” I held out my hand. “Gauntlet Form.”
As Regist flew into my hand and I siphoned aether through him, a sinister voice screamed at me, driving a nail to my brain.
‘Kill it. Slaughter it!’
I buckled from surprise and pain, just barely managing to avoid the low sweep of the golem’s arm.
With no time to wonder and question, I clenched my smoky-black fist and struck the giant golem’s leg.
A muted explosion resounded from the impact, but the golem only stumbled back a step.
The tight grip I felt around my core reminded me that the number of times I could use this was limited, but it seemed like even a hundred of these wouldn’t be able to kill the giant beast.

The golem let out a deafening roar, apparently pissed that I had managed to give it a bruise.
I grimaced as I clenched my shadow-clad fist once more. “Again!”
Channeling even more of my aether through Regis, I let the destructive power build. The smokey-black aura from Regis began to spread, slowly climbing up my arm.

Meanwhile the voice that had pierced into my brain actually began to quiet. Its once-desperate demand turned to mofillied appeals.
‘You need me. I’m the only one that can get you out of here. Don’t you want to see your family again? Don’t you want to see Tessia?’
“N-No,” I said through gritted teeth. Its tantalizing voice was actually scarier than when it screamed out its demands.
I fought to keep sane, wanting whatever this foreign demon was to get out of my head.
A forceful blow that threw me off the ground and slammed me against the black fence granted me my wish...and also a few broken ribs.
Coughing out a mouthful of blood, I landed onto my back to see Regis staring at me.
“What the hell happened? Are you okay?” the shadowy black ball asked before turning. “Watch out!”
I rolled out of the way, narrowly avoiding the giant golem as it tried to step on me.
Getting up to my feet while the remaining aether in my body slowly healed me, I looked at Regis. “Was that you speaking...in my head?”
“What are you talking about?” he asked, frustrated. “Did you get hit in the head? I’m not sure if you’ve noticed, but there’s a giant shadow golem trying to kill us.”
“I got hit everywhere,” I retorted, regarding Regis. I frowned as I looked at my companion. “The voice...nevermind.”
Shaking off the lingering aches of my body even as my ribs had healed, the giant golem and I began playing a game of cat and mouse. With hesitations keeping me from imbuing more of my aether, I was forced to try and attack its ‘weak points’.
Turns out, it didn’t have any. Its faceless head was just as hard as its armored crotch and chest.
Out of options, I did the only thing I could do. Keeping my distance, I began coalescing aether into the center of my palm.
As a thin layer of purple began spreading from the center of my hand, I hoped that my limited pool of aether would somehow dwindle the recoil of the aether blast.
But as I prepared to unleash the destructive blast of aether, I couldn’t help but question its capability. It was the wrong moment and time to be introspecting but I couldn’t help but wonder how this raw blast of energy stemmed from aether.
Like mana, did aether have a pure, affinity-less form, or was this power—like the strengthening of my body—a branch of vivum? But Lady Myre had explained vivum as the influence over all living components.
That’s when it hit me.
I had been on the right track with both the Gauntlet Form and the aetheric blast but they were merely a part of the bigger picture.
I channeled aether into my hand once more. But it was different this time. The very action of cladding my hand in aether felt more fluid... more natural and controlled.
Suddenly, an unbearable pain enveloped my hand, causing me to stop in my tracks. I looked down at my hands to see what looked like runes forming on the backs of my hands. They lingered for less than a second before the runes disappeared from view. However, I could feel the runes travelling up my arm like a white hot ball of iron before trailing down my back and legs before coming back up and pressing on the base of my spine.

Despite my growing tolerance for pain, the pain caused by whatever had happened nearly caused me to faint. However, for some reason, I felt reassured by what had just happened.
“—thur!”
I snapped out of my reverie at the sound of Regis’ voice right beside me, and I realized that I had been in the middle of a fight against a towering shadow-like golem.
I dipped my head and prepared for an impact that never came.
“Arthur, look,” Regis stated.
Raising my head, I couldn’t believe what I was seeing.
The black sentinel, whose figure towered over thirty feet high, was slowly backing away from me.
He’s scared.
I could see Regis looking at the sight in disbelief as well.
“What did you do?” he asked.
“I-I’m not sure.” I looked down at my hands to see nothing there. However, when I coalesced aether into my hand, a warm sensation spread from my lower back along with a flood of knowledge.
I staggered forward, nearly losing balance at the jarring sensation. It only lasted a split second, but I knew the newfound knowledge now ingrained into my brain would last forever.
“...uction, ” I muttered, looking at my empty hands.
“What?” Regis asked, floating down and staring at me. “Are you okay, Arthur?”
I could feel my lips curve up into a grin. “I’m better than okay. I understand now.”
“Understand what?” Regis rebutted. “You’re freaking me out, Arthur.”
Lifting my cloak and shirt up, I showed Regis my lower back. “This.”
My companion’s eyes widened as he saw the silvery-white rune glowing on my spine, just above my hip. “Do you know what this rune says?”
Regis shook his head as I let go of my cloak and shirt, covering my back.
“I do,” I said with a grin plastered on my face. “And so does that thing.”
I approached the giant shadowy knight, my gait calm and deliberate. The closer I got to the towering golem, the more I could see its form hunch, as if it was trying to make itself smaller in my presence.
It knew.
I was no longer the one trapped in here with this beast—the beast was now trapped in here with me.
Slowly raising my arm, I channeled aether into my right hand. The warm touch of the rune carved onto my back reassured me and the aether manifested into a small flame that glistened like pure amethyst.
The amethyst flame clung to my palm like a newborn. There was no wild ferocity or heat that emanated from this flame. It was cold, tranquil, and silent like the breath of something transcendent.
At the sight of this ethereal flame, the shadowy golem body began to tremble but not a shred of compassion could be mustered for this beast.
Like a cornered rat, the giant golem lashed out, slamming down its massive arms to try and flatten me.
I raised my arm, meeting his giant fists with my right hand. The amethyst flames silently consumed its entire two fists, leaving not even a trace of its shadowy hands.
The shadowy beast bellowed in rage, desperately flailing its arms at me.
Using its arm as a ramp, I rushed up and drove my flame-clad hand into its head.
“Farewell,” I said softly as I watched its head deteriorate from the violet flames and its body sink back down into the black platform.





Chapter 264
Chapter 264: Branch of Destruction
As the giant shadow sentinel dissolved back into the black platform, it felt like—rather than calming down—my adrenaline rush from the battle was growing more intense. My breathing grew shallow and I could feel my heartbeat quicken by the second. Blood pounded against my ears, dulling out everything except for the sounds of my own ragged breaths. It was an overbearing yet intoxicating sensation which had me scared that I’d lose my mind.
I tried to withdraw the violet fire clad around my right hand but it wouldn’t budge. The cool flames clung to my skin, throbbing, and the rune on my back now felt like a scorching brand pressed against my very spine.
I didn’t know why this was happening but it felt like either my body was rejecting the rune, or the other way around. A scream tore at my throat as the violet flames grew stronger and more wild, engulfing my entire hand.
Out of the corner of my eye, I spotted Regis frantically rushing toward me before disappearing into my body. It didn’t take much longer after that for darkness to overcome me.
When I came to, the shimmering purple sky was the first thing to greet me. The second thing was the pain. My right hand felt like it had been marinated in a vat of acid, a dull throb still lingered on my lower back.
My lower back...the rune!
My eyes widened as I finally recalled what had happened to me. I pushed myself off my back, wincing at the pain from putting weight on my right hand. As my gaze lowered to my right hand which looked unscathed, I finally noticed that the platform I was on wasn’t black, but white.
“Welcome back, Sleeping Beauty,” a gruff voice sounded behind me. My battle instincts flared as I whirled around while unsheathing the white dagger using my left hand, only to find myself face-to-face with a shadowy entity in the form of a wolf.
It remained seated on its hind legs like a large dog, no threatening intent leaking from it. The only details that set it apart from what would normally be a very black wolf was the fact that it had a pair of horns protruding out of its head, each twisting like a gnarled branch as they came to a sharp point behind its ears. The other detail, and the one that stood out the most, was its glowing violet mane that looked more like flames rather than fur.
“Check me out. I’m majestic as fuck!” the wolf said with a toothy grin, its shadowy tail wagging excitedly.
My jaw dropped. “R-Regis?”
It took me a few minutes to swallow everything, but once I did, my curiosity only grew.
I bombarded him with questions. “What happened to me after I passed out? What happened to you? Why do you look like that?”
“Easy, pleb,” Regis said haughtily, holding up his giant black paw. “This one shall explain.”
I shot him a glare, eliciting an uncomfortable cough from the shadowy wolf.
“After you killed that giant golem, that purple flame was trying to consume you so I did what any loyal companion would do and went into your body to save you.”
“Loyal? Is that why you’re a dog?” I quipped.
“I’m a wolf!” Regis emphasized, offended. “I don’t know why I’m a wolf, and not some badass dragon, but this is what I came out as.”
“So how did it happen?”

“Well, I felt this huge surge of aether fuse with me.”
“Fuse with your body?” I repeated blankly before it finally dawned on me.
I expelled aether from my core, trying to siphon it through the rune on my lower back. Except there was no rune. I recalled the knowledge that had been ingrained into me upon forming the rune but it felt like a blur, like trying to recall the events of a drunken night.
“It’s gone,” I mumbled. “I-I can’t feel the rune anymore.”
My eyes locked onto Regis in an icy glare. “You stole it.”
“It’s not like I expected this to happen,” Regis retorted back. “And besides. You were dying.”
I seethed. “I had it under control.”
Regis let out a scoff. “Sure. Writhing in pain and blacking out was all part of the master plan, right?”
“You don’t understand! I need that power, Regis. Give it back!”
Regis bared his fangs. “You don’t think I tried? After dragging your sorry ass out of the black platform—you’re welcome, by the way—I tried going back inside your body and giving it back to you but I didn’t even know how!”
My brows furrowed as I reached out my hand toward Regis. “Come here.”
With a sigh, my companion relented.
As soon as his form entered my body, though, I felt the change. It started with a pressure building inside my ears, as if I was sinking deep underwater. Then a growing pain began building in my temples as the knowledge of the rune in my mind and the actual rune now held within Regis connected. I recalled everything that I had learned as the warm touch of the rune spread from my lower back.
Destruction. That was what the rune that had been engraved on my back meant. Destruction, however, wasn’t something tangible, so the aether residing within me had shaped it into something I was familiar with: something destructive like fire.
Was it the result of my aether core being formed from the fragments of my white stage mana core?
It could’ve been. I didn’t know.
Through this very formation of power, however, I questioned whether aether had some level of sentience. It had given me knowledge of what destruction meant, and how it tied with vivum. Lady Myre had explained it as the influence over living components but that was wrong, that was only a part of it.
Vivum was more akin to the influence over...existence. And just as life was a part of existence, so was death, creation, and destruction.
I had barely touched the surface of destruction but even then, I had managed to gain more insight than Lady Myre knew—or at least what she had told me.
But perhaps even more shocking than that, was the revelation of what this rune signified. The fact that I had invoked this rune meant that I had a certain degree of mastery over what the rune meant. It was a rare projection of mastery over a specific edict of aether.
This made me question the differences in my newly-bestowed rune, and the runes that once encompassed my body through Sylvia’s dragon will...as well as the very runes that both Lady Myre and Sylvia possessed.

One difference was clear: The Indrath clan, as well as all of the asuras, thought that the only way to obtain these runes was through the rare chance of inheriting it since birth.
Were the specific edicts of aether they could learn limited by the runes that they possessed since being born? Were they given the knowledge and abilities that came along with each rune right away or was each rune ‘dormant’ until they could make the breakthrough themselves?

It seemed unlikely that they’d get the knowledge since birth, given how painful just obtaining one rune was—it was likely that even an asura infant would die from the mental burden of dozens of runes instilling their brain with knowledge.
Hundreds of questions ran through my head along with my newfound knowledge of aether from my rune. There would be no way to get all the answers anytime soon, but the acquisition of this rune and the parallel I had drawn with the runes I had witnessed in the past made me sure of two things: one, I needed to make more breakthroughs in aether arts to obtain more runes; two, Argona most likely gained insight from these runes in order to create his own version to bestow onto his people. That was what the marks, crests, emblems, and regalias that the Alacryans possessed were—simplified mana-adaptations of aetheric runes.
“Agrona,” I said aloud, a boiling fury building up inside me. My hands ignited in the cool violet flames of destruction, encompassing even the dagger still in my left hand as my eyes scanned for anything to let loose this rage on.
I needed to kill something. I wanted to kill something, just like Agrona had done to so many of my people. If it wasn’t for him, the war would’ve never happened and Adam wouldn’t have died. My father wouldn’t have died.
With the last trace of sanity left in me, I plunged the dagger in my hand deep into my thigh.
I dropped to a knee as the piercing pain spread, clearing my head. Regis was still inside me but I was able to withdraw his power.
It was worse this time. It wasn’t merely a voice whispering words into my mind anymore. I could feel the emotions, the cravings for chaos and destruction, fusing into my brain and making these murderous intentions mine.
Was it Regis? Was it the aetheric rune of destruction itself? Or was it me?
“You okay, Princess?” Regis asked. He had left my body, his expression more transparent and somewhat boorish in this canine form.
I got up. I was still in a daze and there were a thousand things on my mind, but I knew, regardless of intention, that if Regis hadn’t absorbed the aetheric rune from me...
“Yeah, I’m okay now,” I said with a pang of guilt. “And I’m sorry for accusing you of stealing it. You were right. If you hadn’t, I would’ve died.”
“It’s okay. I know you feel pretty cruddy since you’ve been so hell-bent on getting stronger.” Regis’ ears drooped. “And if it makes you feel better, my body is stronger now but I can’t use those purple flames like you used to kill that golem.”
I nodded, suspecting that may have been the case. Lowering my gaze, I stared at my hands, wondering what had gone wrong. I had gained insights into vivum, but I only had half of the whole piece, with Regis carrying the other half.
He didn’t have the insights to use the power of destruction as well as I could and I didn’t have the rune to use it myself. And if I did continue using the rune held by Regis, I knew it was only a matter of time before I’d go mad.
It was frustrating. Unlike the growth in my mana core and my ability to manipulate the elements, my growth in wielding aether wasn’t as linear and discernable. Obtaining this new powerful ability was the first step in bridging the gap between me and the asuras, but I was only given a taste before it was taken away from me.
But at least now I knew. If I could form a rune for a branch of destruction, then I could form one for other branches. I could only hope that the aether would mold and shape themselves to best suit me in the future.
Letting the wound on my leg close, I dusted myself off before shooting Regis a slight smile. “Come on. Let’s see just how useful this new form of yours is.”
Regis’s ears perked up and his tail started wagging excitedly as he shot me a toothy grin. “Try to keep up!”

Time continued to pass by unabated as Regis and I ascended higher through the glowing platforms. The expanse of purple shone overhead, ever-steady, making it impossible to track how many hours had passed.
There were a few patterns we had noticed as we ventured higher through this almost game-like expanse.
The color of platforms remained the same: white, red, orange, blue, then black. Regis and I referred to this sequence of platforms as a single ‘set.’ This order never deviated and each color corresponded to a specific ‘challenge.’
As far as we could deduce, the white platform was the only safe platform. The red platforms were meant to be some sort of test for either your mental or physical fortitude. Apart from the first red platform that siphoned our aether, the latter ones imbued all sorts of interesting curses onto the people standing on the platform. From insatiable hunger that could drive humans to eat one another, to lust, depression, and so on.
The orange platforms were rather straight-forward as well. Each one conjured up enemies that Regis and I needed to kill in order to move on. The numbers and types of beasts varied and grew a bit stronger with each ascending set, but the rate at which Regis and I grew surpassed the rising difficulty of the stages.
The blue platforms were by far the most time-consuming. Each one was a puzzle of some sort, some with deadly traps and others meant to keep you for days to die of thirst and starvation. With my body needing very little sustenance apart from aether, this didn’t really apply to us, but it was a large waste of time, regardless.
While the blue platforms took the most time, the black platforms were the most deadly and challenging. There was only one beast to fight, but on a level far higher than the ones seen on the orange platforms.
I had come out of each battle with wounds that would’ve crippled or killed a normal person, only to have them heal without a trace. My clothes were littered with tears and holes but the black leather bracers and gorget along with my teal cloak managed to stay intact. I had also expected the white dagger I had obtained from the millipede lair to be broken down by now, but it held strong without a single chip or crack to blemish its pristine white blade.
Despite what awaited us on each platform, our ascent through the platforms had gotten easier—no, that was wrong; each platform proved to be more challenging than the prior. We had just gotten stronger.
While I wasn’t able to unravel another aspect of aether to obtain a rune, the rate at which my aether passages grew had increased. It most likely had to do with the knowledge that had been instilled and remained in my mind when I had gotten the first rune, even after Regis’ body had absorbed it.
I was able to coalesce all of my aether into either of my hands and about eighty percent of my aether into my legs. Minute control over aether felt impossible for now, like I was trying to mold air into a sculpture, but it was something I desperately needed to advance.
It was imperative to have precise control over aether to enhance my speed. I had grown somewhat confident in my resilience and power but without the aid of both mana and elemental magic, my speed had deteriorated even with the aid of aether and my stronger body.
The biggest change, however, was Regis. My black mutt—which he hated to be called—was no longer the cannon fodder he used to be. While he wasn’t yet able to use the violet flames of aether, his speed, strength, and razor-sharp teeth and claws made him a torrent of destruction nonetheless. The only downside to this change was that he was now much more corporeal than he used to be—which meant he was susceptible to injury.
His body didn’t bleed, but since his entire body was made of aether, getting too hurt meant that he needed to be given more aether...my aether, and a lot of it.
“After we get out of here, remind me to whip you into shape,” I huffed, resting on the giant head of the three-headed serpent I had just finished off on the seventh black platform. “My little sister can fight better than you.”
‘Bite me,’ Regis snapped, his discontent ringing in my head. ‘I’m still getting used to this form. It’s my first time having actual limbs you know.’
“Well, at this point you’re more of a liability to my aether pool than you are an asset in battle,” I remarked with a smirk.
Regis opted for silence, all out of excuses and witty comebacks.
He knew that as well. It was too dangerous to use Gauntlet Form, now enhanced by the violet flames of destruction, because of its escalating effects on my psyche, and the beasts that appeared on these platforms were too strong for him to properly adjust his newfound powers and form to.
The sight of the shadowy rails trapping us within the black platform stirred me out of my thoughts. The three-headed serpent began to dissolve back into the ground as well, the same as usual.
I expected to see the customary set of stairs leading to the next platform, but instead of a platform, what awaited me at the top of the translucent stairs was a portal.
Looking at the shimmering gate of iridescent light felt like falling upon an oasis in an endless desert.
‘Is that...’
“I think it is...” I rushed up the stairs with reckless abandon, wanting nothing more than to escape this hellish purple void.
I thought anything we would have to face on the other side would be better than being here. However, what awaited us made me question those very thoughts.
It wasn’t the ominous crimson sky that shone overhead that made me anxious. It wasn’t the hordes of various beasts advancing toward us. It was the dozen or so humans fighting against them... and the three Alacryans in particular that I had come across in the very first room of this dungeon.





Chapter 265
Chapter 265: First Ascent
There were so many thoughts racing through my mind. So many questions I wanted to ask as my eyes took in the sight.
What was going on? Am I still in the dungeon? If so, why were there so many mages gathered here?
My eyes were drawn to what I first thought was a red sun. Looking carefully though, the ‘sun’ seemed to be sitting on top of a towering column quite a distance away.
A monstrous screech pulled my gaze back to the scene just ahead.
With the vast field of uneven dirt being trampled by hundreds of monsters and the blood-red sky matching the pools of blood and fire strewn across the battlefield, I couldn’t help but wonder if this was what hell would be like.
During my journey through this dungeon, I had faced skeletal chimeras, giant aetheric millipedes, deadly shrews and shadowy beasts of all shapes and sizes. However, none of them could quite compare to the sheer grotesqueness that were these monsters.
Each one of these bipedal creatures had sickly white skin and an oversized head resting between narrow shoulders that could only be described as a ghoulish infant. Their clawed hands and large mouths were dyed in red and sharp fang-like spikes protruded out of their gangly bodies.
From the hundreds of monster corpses littering the field and the Alacryans coated in a layer of sweat, grime and blood, it was easy to infer that they had been in battle for quite a while.
‘Why can’t we ever be fighting against a half-naked succubus or a seductive demoness of some kind? Why are they always so damned gross?’ Regis lamented.
“Hey! Are you waiting for our permission or something? Help us out!” a large female warrior clad in plated armor a few yards ahead barked, unleashing a surge of blue fire from her golden halberd straight at a group of demonic babies.
Chittering screams resounded from the monsters as the fire washed over them, but they were immediately replaced by another wave.
‘What do we do?’ Regis asked.
Stay hidden inside me for now, I replied. It seemed like the Alacryans and I had a common enemy for now, but revealing anything more than I had to would be foolish at this point.
Careful to keep the aether flowing within my body, I unsheathed my white dagger and dashed forward.
The baby-headed demons were fast, relentless, and their skin was tough, but with aether pumping through my limbs in powerful bursts, I tore through them, wave after wave.
Despite the remaining thirteen of us fighting a common enemy, it was obvious that teamwork only existed within isolated groups of preexisting teammates. Save for the trio that I had met before, there was one other trio while the rest fought in pairs, trying to stay alive rather than trying to help out the rest.
Streams of blue fire lit the red sky from the same warrior that had shouted at me, but that wasn’t the only magic that filled the battlefield. I could see giant earthen spikes erupt from the ground, bullets of water shimmering as they pierced through the monsters, and crescents of wind that bisected everything in its path.
They were spells I was all too familiar with, but each one was at a level that could rival a veteran silver-core mage at the least. But even with all of these powerful mages mowing down the demonic infants, their numbers only seemed to increase.
‘Where are they all coming from?’ Regis wondered.
I wish I knew, I sent back as I pried my dagger out of the bulging black eye of a demonic infant.
“H-Help!” a pained cry rang from a few yards away. I turned to see five monsters pouncing on a warrior. He desperately scrambled on his back, using his shield to keep the monsters at bay.
His left leg was broken and the monsters seemed to know that, more and more of them gathering to finish off their prey.

My eyes locked with the warrior’s.
“You! S-Save me—please!” he shouted, panicking.
I instinctively stepped forward to help the struggling mage as he frantically lobbed a blast of fire that only helped in attracting more monsters.
But then, as the warrior was flipped by a pair of monsters, I saw the black runes between the mesh gap of his armor.
Anger flared within me as memories of the war came back; If it wasn’t for these Alacryans, my father, Adam, and so many others wouldn’t have died.
My eyes narrowed as any remaining shred of mercy I had dissipated. I turned away, ignoring his screams of pain and anger before he succumbed to his bloody end.
I continued my rampage unabated, like a deadly storm leaving behind only corpses. The aether within each monster was scarce, but enough for me to discreetly absorb and sustain myself. Despite the situation I was in, surrounded by both monsters and Alacryans, I blurred everything except for the enemies within my range.
It was as if I was fighting alone against the army of beasts approaching the Wall all over again. Except, this time, I didn’t have elemental magic to help me.
It didn’t matter though. At this point, my physical prowess had long since exceeded my previous state, despite my abated speed. The few injuries I did receive regenerated long before I even had a chance to worry about them.
The monsters must’ve finally realized that the newcomer wasn’t the weakest because they began slowly avoiding me. The thought of running away crossed my mind. I had no allies here—only the Alacryans that I had been fighting against for so long. Who knew what these people would try to do once given the chance.
However, out of the corner of my eye, I spotted the three Alacryans I had run into when I first woke up in this dungeon. The three had gotten separated far from the rest of the Alacryans and were surrounded by over a hundred monsters.
Drawn to them, I continued to study the trio as I chased down stray demons.
Taegen, the crimson-haired mace wielder, fought more like a beast than a warrior—smashing, punching, kicking and throwing the beasts despite the injuries he had sustained from the extended battle. The short brown-haired swordsman was more dignified, handling his mana-clad longsword with deft slices and stabs while a layer of sweat coated his face and neck.
The woman that Taegen had referred to as Lady Caera was positioned in between the two warriors who were obviously protecting her. She wielded a thin curved sword that was longer than she was tall with a blade the same color as her ruby eyes. As she sliced through monster after monster, I realized that her movements reminded me of...me. They were sharp, efficient, and deadly without losing an inch of grace.
Even without her two protectors, she was able to hold her own against the waves of beasts that continued to assault them. A shimmering white aura surrounded her entire body as her movements blurred, drawing arcs with the blood of her enemies.
However, it wasn’t hard to see that they were barely holding on. They were clearly running out of mana, their bodies fatigued and injured.
‘Despite the sight for sore eyes that is my fairlady Caera, I think it’d be a good idea to leave right about now,’ Regis commented.
Yeah, I agreed, my eyes still glued to the three of them.
As I was about to turn away, however, I caught a glimpse of Caera just as she made a fatal mistake. She misstepped, tripping over a corpse, giving the wave of monsters a chance to pile on top of her like starving animals.
“No!” Taegen roared as he tried to make his way towards the girl, pushing and throwing aside the horde of monsters practically climbing on top of him.
The other guy was in no better shape, doing his best to keep the monsters on his side from joining the ones trying to devour the girl.
‘Uh, Arthur? What the hell are you doing?’
I ignored my companion, willing aether through my legs and dashing as fast as my body would let me. My dagger blurred around me, cutting down all the monsters that stood in my way until I finally drew close to Caera.
Her words as I played dead in the Sanctuary echoed in my head.

‘Have some pity on her, Taegen.’
She had said that to me at my weakest point. If she hadn’t—if she had heeded Taegen’s prudent warning—I wouldn’t be here now.
Afraid that I’d be too late, I took a risk that I normally wouldn’t. Siphoning aether throughout my body, I released my aetheric intent.

As the translucent aura surged around me, making the very air grow heavy, the demonic monsters reacted. Their pale spiney bodies stiffened from the sudden pressure while some of the weaker ones even fell unconscious.
Clearing off the monsters that had piled on top of Caera, I found her lying on the ground, bleeding and unconscious.
Without thinking, I bent down, leaning my ear over her face to try and hear her breathing.
‘Wow. She’s even prettier up close,’ Regis said with a whistle.
Regis’ voice brought me back to reality and I jerked away.
They were my enemies. They were the ones responsible for killing so many of my people. So why was I helping them?
Why was I relieved that this girl was still alive?
“Step away from her,” said a growling voice from behind.
I stood up calmly, dusting off my pants. “Tell her when she wakes up that we’re even now.”
“Even? Who do you think—”
I turned around to face the girl’s two protectors, looking at each of them with a cold gaze.
“You’re the girl that we saw half-dead in one of the Sanctuaries,” the brown-haired swordsman said with mild surprise.
The mace-wielder beside him, however, didn’t act nearly as calmly as his companion. He rushed forward with explosive speed and his lightning-clad mace blurred straight at my face.
Stepping forward, I dipped just below the path of his weapon, and struck below his ribs, right at his liver with all of my aether concentrated on my fist.
My counterattack didn’t connect, though. In that split second, he had managed to bring his other hand up to block my strike.
Still, the force of my attack sent the crimson-haired warrior skidding back. His expression turned to that of surprise as he looked down at the hand that had become a bloody mess from blocking my attack.
“I’m a guy,” I corrected, shaking my throbbing hand. Even with all of my aether strengthening and protecting my hand, it felt like I had punched a wall of diamond.
The guy lifted his mace once more, rage building on his face, but his sword-wielding companion held up an arm.
“My apologies for his crude behavior...and thank you for saving her,” the swordsman said. As he lowered his head, I noticed his eyes linger over the teal cloak draped over my shoulders as if he was familiar with its owner.
Thankfully, at that moment, the sky suddenly changed. The once blood-stained sky cleared to show a beautiful expanse of blue, but something was missing.

It was the giant red orb that I had mistaken for a sun. It was gone, and so was the pillar holding it up.
“Finally!” a voice whooped from afar.
I couldn’t quite grasp what was going on, but the hundreds of corpses that had littered the desolate ground were gone along with the red sky.
The swordsman let out a sigh as he sheathed his longsword. “It looks like this wave has finally come to an end.”
“This wave?” I asked. “Does that mean there’s more?”
Going down on one knee, he handed the girl’s sword to the mace wielder before gently picking her up. “Until we can get close enough to destroy the power source, these waves will continue.”
“Power source?”
“That giant red moon that you saw in the sky,” he explained.
“Apologies for the questions, but this is the last one,” I said, surveying the mages setting up camp. “Why are there so many Ala—people here?”
This time, the swordsman looked at me with a curious expression. “Why? Have you never come across a convergence zone on any of your ascents?”
My mind spun as I tried to make heads or tails out of his question before answering vaguely. “This is my first ascent.”
The swordsman’s eyes narrowed as he studied me. “Even if it is your first, thorough research is always done unless you’re seeking death. And with your strength, it seems more plausible that you’ve had formal schooling. Where are you from?”
‘Say you’re from the outskirts of Vechor!’ Regis sent.
“I’m from the outskirts of Vechor,” I said quickly.
“Then a talent such as yourself would’ve been reported to the capital. Unless coming back alive from your first ascent is your rite of passage,” he said as if thinking aloud rather than directly talking to me. “Regardless. I must tend to Lady Caera before the next wave begins. I will relay your message to her.”
The swordsman walked away with the crimson-haired warrior following close behind. A soft white aura enveloped his hand, stopping the bleeding.
After a few steps, I watched the brown-haired warrior holding the girl stop before looking back over his shoulder. “It’ll be about twelve hours before the next wave comes. It’d be best for you to rest a bit before moving forward with the rest of us.”
I frowned. “Together?”
“You can go off on your own to see if you fair better, but the fact that the red moon still comes up means that the ones that have tried up until now have died, since destroying that is the only way out.”
I blankly watched as the swordsman walked off before focusing on what to do next.
Hey. How did you know the name of a city in Alacrya? I asked Regis as I studied the other Alacryans.
‘Not a city, but a dominion, which is another word for kingdom. And it’s because of Uto’s will. I don’t know everything he did, but I do know some basic knowledge.’
And you never thought to tell me this?
‘The knowledge I have hasn’t been very applicable while fighting beasts,’ Regis quipped.
Despite the flaring annoyance at my companion, I let it go. If it wasn’t for him, the swordsman would’ve been a lot more suspicious than he already had been.
I had managed to catch the mace-wielder by surprise, but I had a feeling that the next time, it’d be a lot harder for me.
I let out a sigh, rubbing my temples. Now wasn’t the time to care about that. There was something even more important I had learned.
Through the short and rather tense conversation I had with the swordsman, it seemed that our suspicions were correct.
I was no longer anywhere near Dicathen.
The dungeon I had wound up in happened to be somewhere in the very continent I had been at war with.





Chapter 266
Chapter 266: On Guard
Surveying the battlefield, I watched to see what the rest of the Alacryans would do
My gaze landed on a black-haired man in thin leather armor aside from the greaves and bracers that seemed to be made out of a copper-colored metal as he knelt beside the corpse of the warrior that I had let die.
I had expected some sort of mock burial or at least a blanket covered over his body, but instead, the black haired warrior began rummaging through his stuff, looting every remaining piece of equipment that hadn’t been devoured or ripped up by those demonic monsters.
Even though I had been the one to let him die, I was repulsed by his people’s behavior.
Shaking my head, I walked away, wanting some distance between me and the Alacryans.
There were no hills, rocks, or any sort of natural formations in these extensive plains so I just found a spot far enough for me to keep an eye on the Alacryans. I sat on the hard, uneven ground, anxiously twiddling a dried weed that tenaciously clung to the ground.
My eyes wandered around the six separate camps that had already been set up since my short walk.
Collapsible tents had been assembled and fires had already been lit. Raw meats that had been stored in thick containers drawn from whatever dimensional storages they had were being grilled over their individual fires, filling the air with the sweet and smoky aroma of meat mingled with heavy spices.
Since coming down here, I was able to survive by absorbing aether, focused solely on surviving and growing stronger, but it was at this moment that I was reminded of the wonders of food.
‘Never thought I’d see a picnic down he—wait, are you drooling?’ Regis scoffed.
“Wha—no!” I exclaimed, wiping my chin while ignoring Regis’ cackling.
It was only when a few of the Alacryans looked at me that I realized I had just spoken aloud.
Clearing my throat, I closed my eyes and began cycling aether throughout my body. I didn’t need to eat and barely needed any sleep so I might as well get some training done. Without the aid of aetheric materials like crystals or monster corpses made of aether, I couldn’t utilize the three-step stage for training my aether passages that I had devised so I opted for just subtle channeling of aether throughout specific parts of my body to slowly carve out more aether passages.
‘Someone’s coming,’ Regis alerted. With his form currently within me, he was able to see through my body and into the outside world like, ‘a slightly tinted glass container,’ as he put it. While it was a bit disturbing to think about at first, I had long since grown used to it and it was a bit comforting knowing that I had another pair of eyes capable of seeing behind me, even though most times—like now—I didn’t need it.
I turned toward the sound of the obviously unmasked footsteps that were drawing closer.
Just a few yards away was a girl with light brown hair that sat just above her shoulders. Her thin petite frame was covered by a black mage’s robe that was purposely untied, displaying clothes that were revealing enough that it beckoned more than one admiring gaze to roam over her body.

Aside from her provocative attire, in each of her hands was a plate of flame grilled meat and vegetables still steaming.
“I come in peace,” she said, holding up her plates.
‘I like her already, Arthur,’ Regis remarked with a sigh.
Holding in the urge to roll my eyes, I remained silent, keeping my guard up.
“I know there are all those horror stories of backstabbing in convergence zone but I just wanted to express my gratitude,” she continued, shooting me a shy smile. “If it wasn’t for you killing so many carallians, I’m not sure if my team and I would’ve made it through.”
I frowned, mentally linking the term carallians to those infant-headed demonic fiends. “I appreciate the gesture but it’s not necessary.”
“I insist.” The girl bent down to put the plates on the ground, before tucking her fallen bangs back behind her ear while she locked eyes with me. “And my name is Daria Lendhert, by the way. If you’re looking for a team, we have an extra simulet and strong strikers are always welcome...especially ones that are handsome.”
‘Oh man... the inner Uto in me is having some very naughty thoughts,’ Regis muttered.
Do you know what a simulet is? I asked.
‘The inner Uto is too busy thinking of other things to care what a simulet is.’
Get your mind out of the gutter, I snapped.
Regis let out a sigh, blaming me for taking his attention away from Daria. ‘I think it’s an artifact of some kind used by lessers. That’s all I can muster up from Uto’s knowledge bank. I don’t think he particularly cared for what small things like these were.’
How frustrating. It wasn’t like I could ask without arousing suspicion, and I wasn’t close enough to any of these Alacryans to have these things come up naturally in conversation.
My eyes lingered on her frame as she ambled back to her camp, trying to remember what sort of spells she had casted, what sort of abilities she had. Her robe covered whatever mark, crest or emblems she most likely had tracing her spine.
If only I was still able to see mana.
The aromatic wisps exuding from the freshly grilled food must’ve reached my nostrils because I found myself staring at the two plates of food, one filled with cuts of grilled meat and the other topped with vegetables and spuds.
My salivating mouth won the fight against my dignity as I walked over to where Daria had left the plates on the ground.
Screw it. It’s not like I can get poisoned or anything, I thought as I stabbed the fork she had so kindly left into a cut of blackened meat still dripping with juices before shoving it into my mouth.

Every bite contained pockets of flavor that burst in my mouth and slid down my throat. It took every ounce of self control to keep myself from picking the rest of the meat by hand and scarfing it down.
I took another bite alongside some greens, letting the mixture of flavors and textures mingle and harmonize before reluctantly swallowing it down.
My mind must’ve blanked out soon after because by the time I came to, nearly all of the meat and half of the greens were gone.

‘I don’t think I’ve ever seen you so happy,’ Regis commented. ‘It’s kinda scary...”
Embarrassed, I let out a cough before slowly eating the rest.
The next person to come up to me was the warrior who had looted the dead shield-wielder. He shot me a somber smile as he walked up to me.
Despite the cautious glare that I had given him as he approached, he sat down a few feet away and asked, “So how many teammates did you lose?”
“None,” I replied curtly. “I came here alone.”
The man’s jaw visibly slackened. “You’re a solo ascender?”
I remained silent.
“My name is Trider, by the way,” the man said, leaning toward me and extending a hand. “And I guess I’m a quasi-solo ascender now too, since my teammate died.”
I didn’t take it and Trider eventually took back his hand with an uncomfortable chuckle. “I guess ascending solo makes you a bit cautious but that’s okay. Anyway, I came here to see if you’d like a partner for the rest of this ascent. I’m not sure how far you’re trying to go but I plan on getting out in the next crossroad so if you want to—”
“I refuse,” I cut in.
“What? Oh, are you worried about splitting accolades? If that’s the case, I think it’d be fair to separate and individually keep accolades from beasts we kill ourselves and split an even fifty-fifty for beasts we have to kill together.”
“No thank you,” I answered without missing a beat.
“That’s an honorable arrangement,” Trider said with a tinge of frustration in his voice.
Annoyed by his insistence, I lashed back with a cold tone. “The word ‘honorable’ has no meaning to a man who plunders his own teammate’s body for equipment.”

Trider flinched back, eyes wide in surprise and confusion. “You’re...joking, right? Taking valuable equipment back home to the ascender’s blood is what Warren would’ve wanted.”
Suddenly, it felt like I had been the one to make the mistake. I tried to recover from my last words by shifting the conversation slightly. “That’s not what I meant. It just didn’t look right to leave his body out in the open to decay or be eaten by those carallians.”
“Oh, you must be from Sehz-Clar.” Trider chuckled. “No offense but notions like that are why people from your domains are called the soft souths. Everywhere else, leaving soldiers in the place of their death is an honor, especially within the Relictombs.”
‘My master is such a racist,’ Regis teased, feigning disgust.
However, his joke was a cold splash to my face. I wanted to argue back that I didn’t know, but it only seemed to prove the point that racism truly was fueled by ignorance as much as it was by rage or indignance.
“I moved to Vechor because of that as well,” I lied, trying to make sure my story stayed straight with what I told the swordsman. “But I guess my teachings from Sehz-Clar still linger.”
Trider rambled on. “Really? How were you able to—never mind, I guess an accomplished solo ascender would have no problems being accepted into Vechor. I’m from Etril so we’d be on the opposite side of the continent once we get out.”
“Seems like it,” I agreed, even though I had no clue where I would end up once I left this dung—Relictombs. After a brief pause, I spoke hesitantly. “If I can ask you a few questions as well...who are those three ascenders over there?”
Trider looked to where I was pointing. “I wanted to ask you the same thing after I saw you talking with the swordsman striker. I’m not sure who they are but if you look at the accolades they have, it’s obvious they’re not your normal ascenders. Especially that red sword the girl wields. Warren and I had joined this convergence zone only two days ago, but supposedly, those three have been here for over a week now. It’s no wonder that they’re in such bad shape.”
‘Man, this guy talks a lot,’ Regis groused.
It works in our favor though, I sent back.
“Anyway, I’ll let you get back to your training. The offer still stands, unless you’ve already accepted the offer from the Lehndert blood prodigy,” he said with a hint of disappointment. “I wouldn’t blame you if you did either, she’s a gifted caster and pretty to boot.”
After Trider walked back to his small camp I continued my training until a few hours had passed. The camps began packing up their belongings, each of them getting ready to go as if there was an agreement established beforehand. From what I could see, there was no leader in this group of thirteen excluding me.
I got up as well, wiping away the sweat on my brows with an extra shirt I carried in my bag along with Sylvie’s stone. Taegen, Caera, and the swordsman left first, with Daria’s group—the only other group of three—soon followed after. Daria gave me a knowing stare, expecting me to follow her, but when I didn’t, her thin brows furrowed and she whipped her head away.
The only other person to travel by himself was Trider. I gave him a nod of acknowledgement before trailing behind the rest who travelled in pairs behind the two groups of three that led this excursion.
Our pace was that of a constant sprint as we tried to cover as much ground without using too much mana—or in my case, aether—before the next wave came. It might’ve been possible for me to keep a nonstop pace toward the exit out of this zone but for everyone else, the few hours of rest was crucial if we were to fight another wave.
As we ran in a line formation toward where the power source had been, I could feel the stress build amongst the group.
When the sky actually turned red, the Alacryans’ tensions culminated into explosions of mana as each one of them immediately readied for a battle.
I decided to keep to myself, not joining either Trider or Daria, but Trider stuck by me when the sky shifted, maybe for protection or maybe to prove himself to me.
The red sun—supposedly the power source of this zone—stood high above us, but it was closer this time, no farther than a day or two of travel.
Strength flowed through my limbs as aether cycled within me. My eyes scanned my surroundings, expecting to see a horde of monsters coming from the distance.
That wasn’t the case.
The carallians rose from the ground like the undead rising from their graves, clawing themselves out of the cracked dense dirt with their red claws all around us. Immediately, spells went off as the ascenders began their preemptive attacks, but I couldn’t help but stare at the claws sprouting from the ground.
It wasn’t just me. The rest of the ascenders froze when the first carallian managed to fully surface. It, along with the rest of its brethren were twice the size of the previous wave of carallians—standing at about ten feet high—and had an extra pair of arms. And judging by the look on everyone’s faces, it was obvious that this wasn’t normal.





Chapter 267
Chapter 267: Justification
I wouldn’t have thought much of the difference in size if it wasn’t for the way the ascenders reacted to it. It wasn’t just their expressions of shock, it was the way they stared at me immediately after, as if I was somehow the cause.
Whether they truly thought that this was my fault or not, I wouldn’t find out until after the battle. The steroid-infused carallians were popping out of the ground by the dozens and it didn’t seem like they’d stop and wait for us to finish a conversation first.
“Tri-layer Circle Formation!” A clear voice rang from within the chaos.
The ascenders looked at one another—myself included, mostly because I didn’t know what the hell a Tri-layered Circle Formation was. The rest, however, had hesitation and reluctance written all over their faces.
“Now!” the same voice roared. It was an ascender from Daria’s team.
His resolute voice cut through the ascenders, spurring them on to follow his command. Aside from myself and Caera’s team, the rest formed a loose three-ringed circle centered around Daria and another ascender holding a golden wand.
Any idea what a Tri-layered Circle Formation is? I asked Regis.
‘No clue.’
Going rogue like Caera, Taegen and the brown-haired swordsman spelled defiance or ignorance, neither of which were good at this point. I got into position between Trider and another melee ascender in the outermost ring, deducing that this formation was centered around keeping Caria, who I knew was a conjur—well, whatever the term was called by the Alacryans, and the lanky guy with a crooked nose, protected.
There was no signal that indicated, no words that marked the beginning of our battle. We simply fought while I controlled my strength in order to not stick out.
The carallians’ strength mirrored their enlarged stature yet their speed was unimpeded. Still, I had gone through worse and came out only stronger.
Crescents of white arched around me as my dagger flashed with deadly speed and accuracy. With aether augmenting my body, my kicks and strikes made me an impassable storm.

The Tri-layered Circle Formation constantly shifted to avoid the accumulation of carallian corpses, and it all seemed like it was going well until the first ascender was killed, opening up a hole in the outer ring.
“Garth!” shouted a lean ascender positioned in the middle ring. He wielded a quarterstaff with a dozen or so orbs of lightning floating around him.
Immediately, the two on either side of the dead ascender seamlessly filled in the gap and we continued unabated. If I hadn’t seen the different camps set up for each pair or trio of ascenders, I would’ve assumed that they were all a part of the same highly-trained unit.
My attention then shifted to the inner circle of our formation. Despite my initial bias against Daria because of her rather suggestive attire and coy attitude, it seemed her skills were top-notch. Her main arsenal seemed to consist of conjuring spears of ice from the moisture in the air as well as creating explosions of wind around her enemies.
The long-range mage beside her only used fire magic, but had a wider variety of spells under his belt, from hurling spheres of fire to waves of scorching heat capable of melting the carallians’ tough hide. Both were precise with the strength and accuracy of their skills despite being encircled by a ring of defensive ascenders focused on protecting the two of them as well as the outer ring that fought to kill as many carallians as we could.
Spotting a carallian approaching, I kicked a corpse on the ground, hitting my target with it while shoulder tossing another carallian that tried to sneak up to my right. I gripped the dagger hooked to my finger and drove its blade through the struggling carallian’s eye before absorbing the remaining aether from its corpse.
Despite the added strength, speed, limbs, and spikes that protruded out of the carallians’ bodies, they carried more aether, which made fighting them actually easier for me.
Suddenly, a pained cry drew my attention. I turned to see Trider pressing down on his side with blood seeping through between his fingers. Simultaneously, his free arm was blocking the jaws of a carallian from biting down on him.
Damn it.
Turning back, I dashed to Trider, slashing the back of the carallian’s knees and stabbing the side of its throat in whirling succession.
The gauntlet-wielder looked at me with a dazed and puzzled expression. “Why...”
“We can’t get another gap in the outer circle,” I justified. “Stay alive.”
He was an Alacryan. Why did I care whether he lived or died?
I tried reasoning with myself that it would be hard for me to get through this convergence zone without their help, but I knew that wasn’t the case.

Perhaps I thought that the more I interacted with these ascenders, the more I could learn about these dungeons, or Relictombs—as they called it—and even more about Alacrya itself. And if I really did wind up in Alacrya after getting out of here, it made sense not to draw attention in the heart of a continent I was at war with.
But the more I thought about it, the more I began to think that I was regarding Trider and the rest of them less as my enemies and more as just people that wanted to get through this ordeal; the same as me.

I berated myself. Not willing to admit that I had feelings of anything but animosity towards these Alacryans. I wanted to hate these people, no—I needed to hate them. How else was I supposed to go back to Dicathen and fight a war against them?
‘Oy, Princess. Even if you don’t necessarily need them, getting their help and working together wouldn’t hurt.
You’re wrong, I sent back as I plunged my knife just below the jaw of a carallian. You have my memories of the war, Regis. These people are the ones that killed my father and Adam. And you want me to work together with them? Help them?
‘I know, but you don’t need to force yourself to think of these people as your enemies. They’re still just—’
“Shut up!” I roared aloud. They are my enemies. And no matter how sentient you are, you’re still just a weapon. Remember that.
Regis grew silent and the anger boiling in the pit of my stomach grew.
Cursing under my breath, I discarded the facade of a warrior struggling to stay alive and picked up my pace, fixating solely on the battle at hand. I used the carallians as dummies to test out different techniques to incorporate into my evolving aether-infused fighting style.
I concentrated on the feeling of cladding myself in aether. Feeling the fundamental differences from when I had once done the same with mana.
It was difficult to describe, but it was denser, yet more pliable and soft. So much so that the concentration needed to envelop my body in aether without it leaking or spreading. Concentrating on the proportions of aether to different body parts was also far greater than it had been when I had done the same with mana.
Yet, the differences in outcomes couldn’t be ignored. The power my body received as aether siphoned through my limbs felt as if the strengthened muscles were mine and the protective layer of aether was my thickened skin. It didn’t feel borrowed like when I strengthened myself using mana.
In retrospect, my inability to use elemental magic would’ve hit me much harder if it hadn’t been for my training with Kordri. Being taught to conserve mana and fighting with minimal movements and utmost efficiency while dealing the most possible damage served me better now than it had been all throughout the war after my training.

As I continued getting lost in the battle, I brought back the memories of my time with the bald asura—all the times he had killed me in the soul realm while teaching me how to fight. His movements were fluid yet sharp and the speed at which he was able to move was chilling. Add to that his King’s Intent that could literally squeeze the air out of a silver core mage’s lungs and I could see why he was respected even amongst the asuras.
Back then, he had taught me how to fight to the utmost limits of a human, but what about now? Could I reach the levels of Kordri with my new body and aether? Could I surpass him?
My mind stayed sharp as all of these thoughts raced through my mind, not caring how much time had passed. My mind was aware yet it blocked out everything but the enemies capable of hurting me. That was how I had been fighting since waking up in this hellhole. It had been eat or be eaten, and with my mana core shattered, I fought and trained on a daily basis not to be the latter.
The words I had spat at Regis threatened to resurface but I buried them by concentrating on the sounds of the battle—the crunch and grinding of rocks as they stomped the ground, the subtle whistle of the wind as the carallian’s swung their gangly limbs.
Ducking below the snapping jaws of a carallian, I knocked it off its feet with a low sweep kick. As it scrambled to get back up, I focused on another carallian barreling toward me.
Splitting aether between my back leg and the point of my elbow, I burst forth, pushing my supporting palm up against my fist to reinforce my strike. The sharp bones that protected the carallian’s torso shattered upon impact and my elbow dug into his midsection like a spearhead.
The carallian crumpled to the ground with its spine snapped. As it convulsed on the ground, I shifted my head to the left to avoid the carallian I had tripped. Two, well-placed stabs later and both carallians were added to my pile of corpses.
My eyes scanned for the next prey, and it was only when I couldn’t find anymore that I finally noticed that the sky had turned back to blue and that the corpses strewn around me were slowly fading.
Looking around, I saw several ascenders mixed in with the fading carallian corpses. Five ascenders had apparently died in this wave, a number that didn’t mean much to me, but I’m sure the teammates of the deceased didn’t feel the same way.
Daria and Trider were two of the seven left standing. Daria was in fairly good shape aside from a few cuts on her legs and tears in her robe. Trider was cradling the residual stub of his bleeding left arm, face placid while breathing heavily. Yet, both wore expressions that I couldn’t quite make out.
Was it fear? Anger? Both? It didn’t matter. These people were just as much my enemies as the carallians were. Whatever they decided to do, at the very least, I would be able to easily escape.
Regis remained quiet while I kept my body clad in aether and my grip tight around my dagger.
Despite my distracted state, decades of fighting and honing my instincts came into play in an instant as I felt, rather than saw, someone rapidly drawing near me.
Spinning on my heels, I grabbed my surprise attacker’s wrist, pressing the tip of my blade against...her throat?
I paused my attack for a split second out of surprise, and in that split second the hand holding my white dagger was grabbed by a large hand and I found myself face to face not only with Caera—whose wrist I had in my grasp—but also Taegen, who was grabbing my hand, and the swordsman, whose humming blade was aimed at my exposed side.
Rather than wavering at the sudden turn of events, I bristled in anger. “What is this?”
“Unhand her,” Taegen ordered as his thick fingers crushed down on my hand.
“She attacked me.” I responded calmly in a level tone but the aetheric pressure I emitted affected even Caera’s protectors as their expressions grew strained.
“I thought...I was imagining things,” Caera muttered, but she wasn’t talking to me. Her quivering red eyes were fixated on the white blade a few inches away from her throat.
“But I was right...” Caera’s eyes locked onto mine, her expression harsh. “Why do you have my brother’s blade?”





Chapter 268
Chapter 268: Trading Knowledge
Caera’s voice grew dangerously quiet as she regarded me with bloodshot eyes. “I asked you...why are you wielding my brother’s dagger.”
“Answer, Effeminate One,” Taegen insisted with a commanding voice.
I thought I heard Regis chortle in my head but it could’ve easily been one of the other ascenders around us. Either way, I was growing impatient with the situation around me. Despite the temporary reprieve I had felt from seeing other people in these desolate beast-filled ruins, it had quickly become more of a hassle than a comfort being with them.
“Would you like to test whether your blade is faster than mine, swordsman?” I challenged, turning to meet the brown-haired ascender’s eyes.
I felt Taegen trying to pry my hand away from Caera’s throat, but I kept my eyes planted on the swordsman, unflinching.
After a beat of hesitation, the swordsman dropped his sword and held up his hands. Taegen released his grip and reluctantly stepped back. Still, despite her position, Caera’s gaze never faltered as if she still expected an answer.
“I found it on one of the flo—zones I encountered before arriving here,” I answered.
Caera’s face was a motley of expressions; she somehow seemed afraid, happy, crestfallen, and hopeful all at the same time.
She opened her mouth to speak but hesitated, almost afraid at what she might hear.
My gaze flickered between Taegen and the swordsman. Their eyes told me they were still looking for an opportunity to strike, but I didn’t mind. It was obvious that both were prioritizing this Lady Caera’s safety over anything else.
Letting out a breath, I spoke. “I’ll tell you what I encountered in the zone where I found this dagger, and I’m even willing to part with it...but I want something in exchange.”
“We don’t carry money in the Relictombs and we’ve yet to find any accolades but once we leave, if you come—”
I shook my head, cutting her off. “I don’t need money or accolades. I just want some answers.”
***
The four of us walked away out of earshot of the other ascenders after I released my grip around Caera’s wrist and put the dagger back in its sheath.

“Shall we start?” I asked, calmly regarding the trio just a few feet away.
I could see Taegen’s body bristle, the striations in his muscles literally seeming to stiffen as he prepared for anything I might throw at them.
Letting out a sigh, I took a seat on the hard ground.
The swordsman’s eyes narrowed as he studied me. “You could’ve kept Lady Caera as hostage and simply forced answers from us. What keeps us from simply killing you now and taking what rightfully belongs to Highblood Denoir?”
“Arian, enough. We both have things we want from each other,” Caera said curtly.
If Alacryans referred to family as ‘blood’, then did ‘highblood’ mean that Caera was from nobility? It made sense considering that she had two highly capable guards more than willing to risk their lives for her.
“The three of you seem too noble to do something as backhanded as that unless...Lady Caera was in danger,” I said, giving them a knowing look. “Besides, I can assure you that killing me will by no means be ‘simple’.”
“We’ll answer your questions to the best of our ability,” Caera assured, lowering herself on the ground as well in a heel-sitting position. Even apart from her proper and refined swordplay, every bit of her movements and behavior spelled out the fact that she had very strict and proper training on behavior and etiquette.
I paused to think for a moment before speaking again. “I’ll ask a series of questions, some with answers that I already know and some that I genuinely want answers for—you will not know which is which. You can’t ask why I am asking the questions I ask, and if you don’t know it, simply say so.”
Taegen dropped to the ground with both his arms and legs crossed and glared at me. “Make haste, Effeminate One. We’re wasting our resting period before the next wave.”
This time, I definitely heard Regis chortle.
“How many more zones do we have to cross until we’re able to leave the Relictombs?” I asked.
“The number and difficulty varies depending on the ascender since the Relictombs adjust to the abilities of the ascenders within their respective zones,” Caera answered immediately.
“Then how are parties able to travel through zones together if everything changes depending on the individual ascender?”
“Simulets,” answered the swordsman simply.
I let out a sigh. “How do ‘simulets’ work?”
Caera took over again and answered. “If I recall correctly, a female caster offered one to you. Holding one synced with the rest of the simulets held by members of the team ensures that the gates that members cross leads to the same zone, although the difficulty is still determined by the strength of the ascenders present.”
I nodded before asking the next question. “Why do ascenders come into these Relictombs?”

Taegen shot up angrily. “Even unads know th—”
“Taegen.” Caera’s voice was sharp and it was enough to make the large muscle-clad mage promptly sit back on the ground with the rest of us.
“Only the strongest mages given the title of ‘ascender’ by your domain’s Scythe are allowed to explore the Relictombs. In turn, ascenders are able to gain treasures that would never be found on the surface, called accolades. Furthermore, if a relic of the ancient mages is found and given to your Scythe, it is said that the ascender will be taken to the mighty sovereigns themselves and be bestowed a powerful regalia,” Caera explained.

“Right, the Vritra,” I affirmed.
Caera’s eyes tightened into a sharp glare but didn’t say anything at my response.
I recalled some of my encounters with the Alacryans back in Dicathen. I couldn’t only ask these ‘basic’ questions. Thinking back to the noble Alacryan that I had questioned back in the Forest of Elshire, I asked, “How influential is...the Vale blood?”
Arian’s gaze turned inquisitive as he answered. “Blood Vale is one of the few military bloods in Etril, so compared to the other named bloods in a domain known mostly for its farms, they’re influential. But in terms of influence in Alacrya as a whole? They’re...nowhere near any of the true highbloods.”
The sudden mention of a specific family must’ve thrown them off because they began answering my following questions more seriously.
Despite the conditions I had set for this ‘questioning,’ I was limited in what I could ask in terms of learning more about Alacrya itself. Instead, I tried to learn more about the magic system that Agrona had devised in Alacrya. These questions didn’t seem to raise any flags to the three since I had some basic knowledge from my questioning of Steffen Vale.
Interestingly enough, their ‘mark-based system’, as I so casually dubbed, was largely a mystery to the Alacryans as well. Because of the awakening process that all children went through in order to become a mage, the Alacryans thought that magic was given to them by the Vritra themselves, or ‘the sovereigns’. Thus, nonmages or ‘unads’, which seemed to be the widely-accept slang for unadorned, were widely discriminated against since they weren’t ‘blessed’ by the sovereigns.
Just like Caera was afraid of hearing what happened to her brother, I was afraid to hear the answer to this next question.
Taking a breath, I asked, “What was the last news you’ve heard about the war going on with Dicathen and...how much time has passed since then?”
“The latest news that was delivered to my estate right before we prepared for our ascent was that Scythe Cadell had managed to conquer the Dicathian’s sacred flying castle,” Caera answered with a hint of pride. “So taking into account the time flow within the Relictombs, I’d say it has been almost two weeks since then.”
Almost two weeks. It hadn’t been more than a week at most since I escaped the Castle with Sylvie, Virion and Bairon and I fought against Cadell and Nico. I had hoped for time to work differently within the Relictombs because of the abundance of aether in here, but I couldn’t help but feel relieved knowing that despite everything I had gone through, not much time had passed.
“Do you worry for a member of your blood out in the war, Effeminate One?” Taegen asked. “It is a shame that an ascender’s exemption from the war does not extend to their blood members, but know that it is an honor for them to serve.”
I was a little taken aback by Taegen’s words, but responded with a nod.
Silence lingered for a time before I eventually stood up.

“Last questions,” I said. “How far is the power source from here?”
“It’s about another day’s worth at the pace we’ve been moving, and that’s not including the time it’d take to fight another wave or two.” Arian frowned, staring up at me with an utterly serious expression. “You’re not planning on going off alone, are you?”
“I’ve wasted enough time in this zone,” I replied curtly.
“The effect your presence has in this zone speaks for your strength, Effeminate One,” Taegen said as he stood up as well. “But even if you manage to survive the next wave by yourself, it’ll be impossible for you to fight the guardian protecting the power source alone.”
I tilted my head. “You know...the more you speak, the more I realize you’re not the meathead I thought you first were.”
A vein in Taegen’s forehead literally popped out at my comment but Arian responded with a stifled laugh. “Taegen indeed gets that a lot. It doesn’t help that his temper is shorter than a husked boarling with its behind on fire.”
I watched as Taegen stomped down on his comrade while Arian casually dodged the attempts.
Turning back to Caera, I tossed her the dagger. “A deal is a deal.”
Her lips curled up into a smile for a split second as she squeezed the dagger tightly before looking at me seriously. “What about my brother?”
“I didn’t see your brother in that zone. However, there was a beast in there both large and powerful enough to eat ascenders whole, and judging by the pile of human-sized equipment left in its lair where I found that dagger and this cloak...” I let the sentence trail off, not having the heart to finish.
Her expression remained calm despite the news—almost serene—but it was easy to see the emotions she was holding back. Her trembling hands gripped her brother’s dagger with such strength that her pale fingers had grown several shades lighter.
I stared out into the distance where the power source would most likely be once the sky turned red again. As I prepared to leave, however, a voice shouted at me from a distance.
It was Daria running toward us with most of the other ascenders behind her. Even from here, I could tell that the expression on their faces spelled out trouble.
“I knew it. You’re thinking about going off on your own,” she huffed, her thin brows furrowed together.
I responded calmly. “Is that a problem?”
“Don’t you have any sense of responsibility? Because of your presence, the carallians have been augmented to such a degree that five of us died in that last wave! That’s unprecedented in convergence zones!”
Caera stood up, storing the dagger in a dimension ring. “Even if he leaves, a part of the wave will follow after him and if he dies, the carallians will revert back to their previous form. Where exactly does the problem lie?”
“H-He should take responsibility and stay here to protect the rest of us until we get out of this zone!” Daria sputtered, her cheeks red in anger.
A few of the ascenders behind her nodded in agreement. The only one that didn’t think the same was Trider, who was just idly kicking a loose clump of dirt on the ground.
I looked back at Caera, who remained unfazed as she responded. “Don’t you mean, he should stay here and protect you?”
Daria let out a scoff before she whipped her gaze to me. “So this is why you didn’t accept my offer. I didn’t realize you were a dog of the Denoirs.”
“Careful, Miss Lendhert,” Arian said as he finally got up, patting the dust off his matte armor. “While exploiting your blood name is frowned upon in the Relictombs, everyone here should know that Lady Caera doesn’t take lightly to insults and Denoirs are rather known for settling scores.”
“Enough. I plan to reach the power source before the wave begins.” The dirt beneath my feet picked up as I cycled aether through my limbs. The expressions on the ascenders told me that they all felt the change in the air. “Anyone who can keep up is free to follow me.”





Chapter 269
Chapter 269: More Than a Weapon
I dug my heels, the barren earth splintering from the pressure as I prepared for the long sprint.
“Wait!” a familiar honeyed voice called out from behind.
I looked back over my shoulder, locking eyes with the brown-haired caster that wanted me to join her team. “What is it?”
Daria flinched under my gaze but steeled herself and glared back at me. “Assuming that everyone here follows you, by the time we reach the power source, most of our mana will be too drained to face the guardian.”
Impatience bubbled as I counted the wasted seconds spent talking any further. “So?”
“You don’t seriously think you’re strong enough to take on the guardian by yourself after sprinting a marathon, do you?” Daria snapped, stomping toward me. “You’re going to need all of our help. Hell, even if you see all of us as dead weight, at least you’ll need to be at full strength, right?”
“Just get to your point.”
Her brows furrowed and she opened her mouth to talk back but stopped herself. “To be honest, I have no confidence in being able to get past whatever monstrosity is waiting for us after fighting against the last carallian wave.”
Daria turned around to face the rest of the ascenders listening in.
“Therefore, I have a proposition, but I’ll only do it if he accepts,” she said while pointing back at me. “I have a way that allows all of us to travel while the burden of mana usage falls solely on Orid and myself. We will get everyone there in top condition at the fastest possible speed only if our safety is prioritized.”
Immediately, a few ascenders started protesting until I finally spoke up.
“I agree.”
Judging by how many of the ascenders were willing to tail behind me, my usage of aether would be limited. And with my only weapon gone, it was safe to assume that this final stretch was going to be a drawn out battle.
Daria whipped her head around, her large eyes glimmering as she smiled. “Great!”
I honestly didn’t know what to expect. Daria had seemed like a capable mage and even if Alacryan mages weren’t very flexible with their elemental manipulation, I had hoped for something...more.

Instead, I seemed to be staring at what looked to be a large...sled...made entirely of ice. At the center was a large tarp hanging off a tentpole as a makeshift mast.
“You expect all of us to ride this?” Taegen asked, towering over the ice sled.
“I’ve condensed the ice several times so it’s sturdier than it looks. I got the overall structure shape from the oceanriders and I’ve tested it several times myself,” said Daria with a hint of pride.
Everyone waited for me to get on the sled first while Daria stood on top of the ice vehicle, expectations high as I walked toward her.
Placing my hand on the surface of the ice, I pushed down with adequate force in order to make sure it could also hold my weight.
“Are you seriously questioning the integrity of my spell right now?” fumed Daria as she threw back her mage robe, letting the luxurious cloth slide down her exposed back to reveal a series of tattoos. “I have four crests and two emblems, you jerk!”
I climbed atop the panel of ice, facing my back to her. “We’ve wasted a lot of time. Let’s move.”
One by one, the rest of the seven ascenders aside from Daria and myself began boarding the large sled until we were all squeezed together and holding onto the railings that Daria had so helpfully conjured.
I was skeptical that she would be able to get the sled moving, but with an updraft taking some of the weight off of the sled and a gust directed at the mast, the eight of us began sailing over the barren dirt plains.
Cool winds brushed past my cheeks as we began accelerating. Despite the weight of nine fully grown adults—ten, because Taegen counted as nearly two people—the oversized sled never faltered or showed signs of breaking. I couldn’t help but be impressed at Daria for continuously managing three spells in order to keep the sled moving.
She used two wind spells for movement while her feet, clad in ice, that anchored her to the sled to keep from pushing herself off, and an ice spell to keep the ice sled from melting or degrading as it slid over the dirt.
Daria’s remaining teammate, Orid, used his earth magic to steer us and smooth particularly uneven parts of the ground that could potentially damage the sled.
After about thirty minutes of travelling, the rest of the ascenders had grown confident enough in Daria that they began to relax and actually enjoy the ride.
I was sitting in the back of the sled, leaning forward against the rear railing that Daria had conjured and simply stared out mindlessly at the vast expanse of unimpressive dirt and the clear blue skies. I had long since accepted the fact that I was looking up at a sky within an ancient ruin that was supposed to be deep underground. With everything that had been going on since waking up here and becoming more acclimated toward aether as I grew stronger, I had long since accepted that the realm of what was achievable using this godly power was far beyond what mana could do.
Growing bored of the bland scenery, I turned around. Aside from Daria and Orid, who were concentrating on keeping us moving, the rest of the ascenders were doing their own things. It seemed that Caera’s group seemed to be the only group left unscathed by the last wave.
The ascender named Keir, who wielded a quarterstaff and controlled motes of electricity to defend and attack, was polishing his weapon, using a thin cloth to dig out the grime that had accumulated in the engravings of his wooden staff.
Trider had his eyes closed, leaning back against the railing with his arms folded and legs crossed while another ascender was reapplyieding bandages around his left leg.
My eyes continued to wander until they landed on Caera, who was sitting near the front left side of the sled. Arian satwas besidenext to her while Taegen had situatedwas by himself alone on the other side, most likely to keep the sled balanced.

Arian was meditating and while I wasn’t able to feel mana anymore, the pressure he gave off was enough evidence. Caera, on the other hand, was staring at the white dagger in her hand, still in its sheath. Her expression looked almost indifferent as shewhile gazeding down at the weapon, as if she was studying it.
Suddenly, a tear rolled down her cheek. She immediately wiped it with the back of her hand before suspiciously peeking around to see if anyone saw.

Her eyes locked with mine and for a split second, I saw a flash of embarrassment pass through her face as she quickly turned away.
Clearing my throat, I turned around to face the back once more, resting my arms on the cold railing. I tried to find more things to do to keep myself occupied, not willing to address the issue at hand until I finally caved.
Regis, I sent. Are you still not talking to me?
Silence hung in the air as I waited for a response. When none came even after several minutes had passed, I let out a sigh and continued to convey my thoughts, hoping that Regis was listening.
As if I was reading out of my own diary, I conveyed to Regis that, despite having more than an entire lifetime, my ability to properly express and communicate my emotions was passable on a good day. In battle, with just me and my sword, that didn’t matter. I didn’t have to communicate or convey my thoughts in a tactful manner like some sort of neatly wrapped box to the receiving party. No, my swords were weapons—tools that I could utilize and take full advantage of in order to win a battle.
However, Regis was a weapon with sentience and a bigger personality than myself. He was less a weapon and more a companion that I truly relied on for some semblance of human interaction. I tried to shove him into that cookie-cutter role that I had made for weapons, but that quickly failed as he became more and more of a friend to me...like Sylvie had been.
Regis’s timing alone had made it hard for me not to compare him to Sylvie, who had sacrificed herself so I could still be standing here now. A large part of why I wanted to get stronger was in the hopes of bringing back Sylvie from her comatose state, but every dumb conversation and meaningless quibble with Regis I had, I grew scared of even the possibility that Sylvie may feel replaced once she caomes back.
But you know what I’m afraid of the most? Even though I have the body of an asura and the ability to manipulate aether in a way that not even the Indrath Clan can, I’m afraid of growing close to you.
I paused, realizing that I had subconsciously placed my hand on the pouch carrying Sylvie’s stone.
I’ve lost a lot, Regis. Adam, my father, Sylvie, and even Dawn’s Ballad. My mother, sister, Tessia, Virion—, they’re all back in Dicathen and I have no clue how to return, or even how they’re doing back. Worst case, the Alacryans have found the bunker and they’ve all been captured...or killed. Not to be overdramatic but it feels like the closer I become to someone, the harder it is for me to protect them.
I cracked a wry smile. I’m beginning to remember more and more why I became the person who I was back in my previous life... and it’s why I needed to just think of you as a weapon, Regis. Because it’s easier for me that way, in case I lose you too.
I waited and hoped for a response that never came.
Instead, what greeted me was the shifting color of our surroundings. As if the very sky had been marred, crimson seeped and spread above us, covering the once blue expanse. The very air seemed thinner as well and the tension that blanketed over us felt almost tangible. I could tell this wave was going to be different.
“The wave is here,” Taegen said, standing up.

“We’re not going to stop so hold on!” Daria declared, casting a stronger gust of wind at the mast.
The sled sped through the dirt field as cracks began branching and splitting apart ahead. Fortunately, the obsidian structure standing even taller than castle watchtowers, stood only a few miles away, the shimmering red sphere perched at its peak.
These last few miles, however, would undoubtedly be the hardest. Carallians were already emerging by the dozens from the ground ahead.
“Shields, prepare to clear a path for us. We need to reach the tower before the guardian appears!” Arian barked.
Orid stopped focusing on the path ahead and instead, conjured slabs of earth that began rotating around us.
The ride immediately turned rocky without Orid, but we clung on to the railing while Keir summoned his orbs of electricity as well.
“Let me take over the mast,” Trider called out, hobbling toward Daria. “You’ll have to maintain the updraft steady but you’re the only caster left. Help the shields.”
After a beat of hesitation, Daria nodded, releasing the bindings of ice anchoring her to the sled.
Daria, sweating and pale, gave me a knowing glance and I nodded at her. A deal was a deal.
Trider immediately got to work, summoning bracers of wind. He pushed out with his fists aimed at the mast as soon as Daria bound his feet to the sled.
Daria, free from her most strenuous obligation, called forth bursts of wind powerful enough to knock the enlarged carallians out of the way. The ones that she missed were either pushed aside by one of the panels of compressed earth or stunned by the orbs of electricity hovering around us.
Something was wrong. There was no proof that something was wrong, but my body felt it. And judging by how anxious Taegen looked, his face in a fierce scowl and his gaze darting left and right—as if searching for something—I knew I wasn’t the only one.
The earth suddenly trembled, causing Keir to lose balance and let go of his spell.
“W-What’s going on?” he shouted, trying to scramble back to his feet.
The earth shook once more, even stronger this time, followed by a bloodcurdling roar that reverberated from the very ground beneath.
My hair stood on end and a familiar voice affirmed the very action I was about to take.
‘Get out of here, Arthur!’ Regis shouted, a wave of fear spreading from my companion onto me.
But the ground rose and I felt a rush of vertigo as the entire sled rose closer and closer toward the red sky.
Keir, who had been trying to get back to his feet, was thrown fromoff of the edge of the sled and knocked unconscious by one of the panels of earth circling around us.
His body quickly receded from view as he fell off the edge of the rising ground carrying us higher and higher.
Another beastial roar resounded, unmuffled this time and loud enough to make me dizzy, followed by a silhouette of something both large and tall enough to be able to eclipse the majority of the sky.
Then, it looked at us. The tower that had cast a massive shadow over us was, in fact, a long serpentine neck.
Resting on the top of the neck that stretched over ten stories high was the leathery head of a bat with a disproportionately large mouth and two piercing purple eyes...each larger than a carriage, and boring down directly at us.





Chapter 270
Chapter 270: Descent
Despite the initial shock that had overcome everyone left on the sled as the colossal monster loomed over us, it didn’t take long for the ascenders to snap back to reality. However, thanks to Regis’ second warning, I was the only one able to react in time to fully dodge the wide tip of the beast’s tail. Everyone else had been too focused on its grotesque face.
Time seemed to slow as I watched the chain of events unfold after barely jumping out of the way. The beast’s leathery tail snapped down, crushing the sled like a twig. Taegen had somehow barely reacted in time to push Caera out of the way, only to get crushed alongside Trider underneath the large tail. The shockwave of force generated by the impact scattered the rest of us who weren’t directly in its range.
‘Let’s go!’ Regis urged.
But my eyes shifted between Daria and Caera, both unconscious, and both falling off the risen earth that I largely suspected was the body of this titanic beast.
Regis. Get Daria, I sent with a pleading tone.
A surge of emotions rose only to fizzle out as my companion let out a groan. Despite the situation, a smile crept up on my face as I watched Regis leap out of my body, his shadowy wolf form bolting toward the unconscious Daria.
Meanwhile, I released the limiter that I had imposed on myself, bursting forth in a shroud of aether as my eyes took in the situation at hand.
Daria’s teammate was nowhere to be seen while a pool of blood spread from underneath the leathery tail. Arian, however, had managed to avoid being completely thrown off by hanging onto his glowing sword embedded on the side of the titan’s body, his face bloody and his free arm bent at an impossible angle.
I cleared the distance between me and the falling Caera, her face lost in a curtain of navy hair. I barely managed to grab her ankle as I hung off the cliff of the risen earth, more annoyed at myself than I was with the situation.
How many more options would I have had if I was able to use mana? I could’ve flown safely out of harm’s way, hell—I could’ve avoided this altogether.
Before I could even pull Caera and myself back up, however, I looked up to see the titan’s violet eyes glaring down at me. And swirling within his unhinged jaw was a massive sphere of silvery mana aimed straight at us.
I could feel my heart pound against my chest as I considered my options. Could I pull us up and run fast enough to dodge the attack? What would the width of the blast be? Would I be able to dodge it if I let Caera go? Or should I jump down the steep body of the beast onto solid land?
Cursing under my breath, I threw Caera over the edge of the cliff and pulled myself up just as the titan released its breath attack.
Caera stirred awake after landing on the ground, utterly confused as to why I had suddenly scooped her up and slung her over my shoulder.
“W-What is the meaning of—” Her words fell short as a bright white light bathed the surrounding area.
I looked back to see the mana blast disintegrate everything in its path as it let out a shrill hum.
“Can you run?” I asked as we passed the broken sled. I noticed that while Trider’s remains could be seen in the bloody pool where the beast’s tail had struck, I couldn’t see any sign of Taegen.
“No. My left ankle seems fractured at least,” she stated matter-of-factly.
The destructive beam of pure mana continued to chase after us as I continued sprinting on the broken surface of the raised ground resting on top of its body. “Then do something. Otherwise, I’m better off letting you go.”

I could feel Caera subconsciously tighten her grip around me at my words, but she remained silent as we neared the far end of the rocky platform.
“I don’t—” the red-eyed ascender let out a scared yelp as I loosened my grip around her, threatening to leave her.
I knew as I watched her fight in the previous waves that she was hiding something. Along with the fact that she had two very competent bodyguards eager to sacrifice themselves for her, saving her hadn’t been out of the kindness of my heart.
“Okay!” she relented, her mana-infused nails digging into my skin as she clung on for her life. “Just keep running.”
“There’s nowhere to run!” I retorted, the cliff edge drawing closer. Caera stayed silent though as I felt an ominous power building within her that I hadn’t felt before.
Trusting her, I navigated away from the approaching blast of destruction as the diminishing ground became more unstable. Reaching the far edge of the raised ground atop this monstrosity, I concentrated all my aether into my legs and back and pushed off with all my strength.
Without wind magic to redirect the air resistance, I could only grit my teeth and endure the thick wall of wind pushing back against our bodies as we sailed high through the air.
As the menacing power began to grow stronger around Caera, who was still slung over my shoulder, I looked back at the guardian that had erected from the ground right below us.
I thought that literally standing on the gigantic beast and seeing it up close would’ve prepared me for the sight, but I was wrong.
Despite all of the mana beasts I had encountered and fought over the years in Dicathen, it took me several moments to be able to begin fathoming this creature as a single entity—my brain just didn’t want to believe that there could be something this big.
The creature was about as tall as the tower holding the power source, but it looked miniscule in comparison to the overall length and girth of the beast.
From this far away, the colossal monster reminded me of an enormous dragon missing its wings. Both its long tail and neck were attached to a leathery torso that could be mistaken for a small mountain from up close. Supporting its weight were six legs, each as thick as its neck.
“Caera!” I roared as the shimmering beam still erupting from the colossal beast’s mouth rose up in its path as we began descending.
At the height we had jumped from and the speed of our descent, I had no confidence in surviving the impact from the fall let alone the beast’s breath attack steadily approaching us.
Twisting my body midair, I turned to face the monster as I began concentrating all of my aether into the palm of my right hand. I knew the beam of pure aether that I had learned in the glowing platform zone wouldn’t be enough to counter the beast’s attack but I had little choice. Caera remained completely still and silent as she hung over my shoulder.
Just as the two of us were about to be swept into the destructive tidal surge of mana and just as I was about to release my own attack, Caera wriggled around in my grasp. She hooked one arm around my neck to keep herself stable as she withdrew her curved sword from a dimension item.
I stopped my attack just in time to witness an all-too-familiar flaming black aura wrap over the crimson blade as she swung down.
Her once-red blade extended into a flaming black crescent that cut through the shining white cone of destruction, severing and creating a path just wide enough for us to fall through before the black flame whittled away. Judging by how the path of the monster’s attack continued up, I could tell that it would be hard for him to change its direction back toward us.
Caera slumped, her left arm still slung around my neck as she put away her sword.
“I won’t be able to do that again,” she said, her voice barely heard over the rush of wind.
There were so many thoughts and questions that rushed through my head as I tried to make heads or tails out of this situation, but I forced myself to put that aside for now and focus on getting out alive.

Regis, where are you? I asked.
‘I got Daria and used the guardian’s tail to get down to the ground, but I don’t think I can make it to you in time!’

The plan to use gauntlet form to mitigate some of the impact from falling wouldn’t work.
There was no other choice but to use the aetheric beam. While using it to counter the monster’s breath attack was a fool’s hope, using the force of the blast might just be enough to stunt the speed of our fall enough so that the impact wouldn’t kill us both.
Of course, using it could also mean draining all of my aether reserves and dying since Regis wasn’t close enough to get here in time...
Pushing aside the doubt clouding my mind, I focused on the aether art.
It seemed like Caera caught on that I was about to do something since she clung to me even tighter.
My aether reserves had somewhat increased since my first two attempts at the aetheric beam, but because of the repercussions it caused and being in such a dangerous zone, I had no opportunities to test the attack again.
Letting out a deep breath that got lost in the wind, I concentrated a majority of my aether into fortifying my arms, shoulders, chest and spine so that my body could withstand the burden.
I could see the rune-like marks of purple extend out from my palms and spread through my fingers.
Aiming both my palms down at the ground, shoulder-width apart, as we plummeted closer toward the ground, I waited until I was close enough.
Finally, just fifty feet above the ground, I unleashed the aetheric beam.
A deep roar resounded as the torrent of violet flames erupted from my palms and into the ground. I immediately felt my arms, shoulders and back protest but I held firm.
The platform that had first allowed me to unlock this ability had naturally forced out the aether from my body. Now that I was no longer impacted by that effect, the control I had over how much aether to put out was much greater.
My fingers forced the aetheric blast to remain focused forward rather than exploding out. Even with my body strengthened by aether, I knew that my arms had already begun to fracture and my aether reserves were depleting at a terrifying pace.
Still, I could feel us slowing down, and it was only as I began decreasing the output of aether and the noise that it caused grew quieter that I realized Caera was screaming as she held onto me like a baby koala.
“Brace yourself for impact!”I roared as I turned to face the sky, making sure that I’d be the one to land first as we crashed into the ground while cladding both of us in as much aether I could afford.
By the time I came to, I knew that I hadn’t been unconscious for that long by the clouds, dirt and dust still rising from the crater I had impacted.
My body felt like it had been ripped apart, seared back together, and then ripped apart again, no one part hurting more than the other. It took all of my mental fortitude to keep from passing out again, but at least Caera had fared better.
She was still unconscious but she had been able to use the rest of her mana to protect her body from fatal harm.

I could feel the little reserves left of my aether core already repairing my body, but I couldn’t calm down.
The ground shuddered beneath me, growing stronger with each deep thud that echoed in the distance. I had a feeling that it was the guardian approaching us.
“Arthur!” a husky voice growled from the edge of the crater. It was Regis with Daria riding on his back.
“Regis,” I gurgled before coughing out a mouthful of blood.
Daria gasped as she unmounted from Regis. “Merciful Vritra, how is he still alive?”
The two of them ran toward me and before either Regis and I could do anything, Daria had formed a glass vial from her dimension ring and held it against my mouth.
“Drink this,” Daria said as she leaned in closer and raised my head. “An emblem instiller made this. It uses the mana in your body to heal your wounds.”
“Can’t,” I managed to choke out. “Won’t...work.”
Her thin brows furrowed in confusion before a look of realization washed over her. “Oh, you can’t.”
Relieved that she understood, my eyes closed.
Regis, I need some of your aether if I’m going to be able to—
My thoughts were interrupted by a soft sensation pressing against my lips before a lukewarm liquid entered my mouth. My eyes shot open to see Daria’s mouth locked against mine, her eyes shut and cheeks red.
Without the strength to even lift my arms at this point and my attempts to twist my face away futile as she held my head in place, I was forced to swallow whatever contents were in that vial.
Daria finally pulled away, her composure losing away to her crimson face. “I-I had no choice since you didn’t have the strength to drink.”
Bursts of pain exploded with each cough that I forced out. “Y-You...the vial wouldn’t...”
“As my master is so eloquently trying to explain, it wasn’t that he couldn’t drink the elixir that you so generously mouth-fed him, but that it wouldn’t work on him,” Regis explained with an annoyingly amused expression.
Daria remained befuddled as I shot the black and purple wolf the most piercingly cold glare that I could muster. A snarky grin remained plastered on his canine maw as he dove into my body.
A cool rush of energy spread from my core and I could feel my body recovering.
‘You get a free kiss along with my recovery services. I’d say you owe me,’ Regis snickered.
Bite me, I responded sharply, but it felt good to be annoyed by him again.
With the help of Regis, I was able to recover enough to get back on my feet just as the earth shook once more.
‘Don’t you die on me, Princess,’ Regis sent, his voice weak.
Rest up, buddy, I said, just barely managing to push myself up to my feet. Taking a glance down at Caera—whose injuries had gotten much better after Daria fed her another elixir—I reached down.
Unclasping the buckle that held the leather sheath and dagger by her waist, I strapped it on before climbing up the edge of the crater. “Keep her safe. I have some questions I need to ask her.”
“Where are you going?” Daria asked. “You’re not thinking of actually fighting that thing, right?”
“No,” I responded. “I’m thinking of killing it.”





Chapter 271
Chapter 271: Back to the Basics
My vision focused on the towering figure as I approached the ensuing battle. There were two ascenders fighting against it, and from this distance, they looked more like fanged mice scurrying desperately around a giant orc. I knew without looking who the two were—Taegen and Arian were the only ones capable of staying alive and keeping the titan occupied for this long.
I rushed toward the colossal guardian, tearing divots into the barren ground as I gained speed. My hand gripped tightly around the curved handle of the white dagger; compared to the size of the monster I would be facing, this dagger couldn’t even serve as its toothpick, but having it in my hand filled me with the confidence I needed.
Expending most of my reserves on controlling the aetheric blast had almost the same benefit as going through the three stages of refining my core and aether channels—albeit with the added risk of death.
I could feel the complex, minute differences in the way the aether flowed through my body.
Using aether for the first time after forging my new core had felt like I was trying to regulate the direction and speed of the aether’s flow using a kitchen strainer. Now, however, I felt like I had a proper floodgate installed while the aqueducts leading to various points throughout my body were slowly being tunneled and constructed.
I was physically stronger and sturdier than ever before but I knew it wasn’t enough to face off against the Scythes just yet.
My entire arsenal had been taken from me and I was given a single, ethereal weapon. I finally had begun to learn how to wield it. Now, to make up for the versatility that I had lost in mana, I needed to be able to wield aether at a level far above not only the Indrath Clan, but also the ancient mages.
The first one to notice my presence was the colossal beast. Its bat-like face whipped toward me and let out a furious shriek that shook the ground.
As I coalesced aether to my legs, accelerating to meet the beast head on, I was surprised by how much more naturally the action came. Everything but the beast’s shoveled face became a blur as I clad aether around the dagger.
I leaped from the ground, spinning to gain momentum for my attack. Even the beast wasn’t prepared for the sudden increase in my speed as it tried to pull its head back up.
It wasn’t fast enough.
The dagger held in my hand, blade down, turned to a shimmering streak of white and purple as it pierced through the side of its nose. And while my weapon was barely a fraction of its size, the impact was anything but.
The sound of thunder erupted from the impact, sending shockwaves of force so strong that it was almost visible. Its head whipped to the side, staggering the beast long enough for Arian to charge up and unleash a flurry of golden crescents. Taegen, whose body was adorned in an intricate earthen armor, launched a devastating strike nearly as loud as my own using mace.
Both Arian and Taegen had focused on the legs that were carrying the brunt of the beast’s weight after my attack had hit.
The barrage of golden arcs and the ear-shattering mace strike were barely able to draw blood but they were enough to sweep the beast’s legs from right under its body.
With an enraged roar, the titan crashed on its side, shattering the ground and sending tremors that nearly fell the very tower it was trying to protect.
Both Taegen and Arian had to fall back immediately after it launched its attack—just the weight of the titan’s body alone would be enough to crush even the most powerful mages.
“Effeminate One! Is Lady Caera safe?” Taegen yelled out as soon as he and Arian retreated to a safe distance.
“She’s recovering at a safe distance with Daria!” I shouted back, my gaze fixed on the giant beast trying to get back up to its feet.
“Looks like we’re in your debt,” Arian replied, his voice quiet but oddly clear despite his distance and the noise coming from the titan.

Judging by the powerful vibrations that pulsated from his sword and those golden crescents, it seemed that his magic stemmed around specific subsets of wind and gravity affinities.
Taegen, on the other hand, surprised me even more, as his magic didn’t stop at just the earthen armor. Every step he took seemed to manipulate not only his own armor but the earth around him. Even as he swung his mace, chunks of the ground would envelop his weapon, molding around it to form a larger mace.
I didn’t waste the opportunity either, landing several more attacks at its face in order to keep it from getting back up for as long as possible.
Despite its colossal size, however, the beast was surprisingly deft. It was able to recover by pushing off the ground with its long tail. As soon as it was back up on all six of its feet, it whirled both its neck and tail like a whip, hollowing out chunks of the ground where it passed and launching shards of earth all around it in an attempt to keep us at a distance.
I weaved through the chunks of earth the size of carriages hailing down in an attempt to stay within striking range. With my aether core still in the middle of replenishing its reserves, I couldn’t risk using aether blast.
The problem was that the beast was so large that no amount of stabbing or hitting was going to do any significant damage unless I found a weak spot—if one even existed.
A loud crash resounded amidst the ensuing chaos and the beast buckled for a moment before it whipped its tail. Taegen, completely clad in stone armor that made him look more like a golem than a human, had tackled the beast.
And almost immediately, he was smacked away like a dung fly. He crashed like a meteor into the ground and was immediately buried within a thick cloud of dust and debris. It had been ingrained in me to always keep the entire battlefield within my view, storing everything happening around me in my head even if I couldn’t immediately act on it.
Reaching its front left leg where Arian had previously launched his attack, I was able to see some deep gashes on its three-story-high leg. I would have to focus on those.
I kicked off the ground and plunged my dagger, and the aether surrounding it, into a particularly deep gash that Arian had made.
Pinkish blood spilled everywhere, covering me almost entirely. A giant shadow suddenly enveloped me as the beast’s head fast approached.
Prying the dagger from its flesh, I prepared to meet it head on until a swirling sphere of mana struck the side of the beast.
Arian was several yards away, his body giving off a tremendous aura as the beast turned to face him.
The swordsman’s expression darkened as he prepared to face off against the colossal monster, when an idea came to mind.
“How much stronger of an attack can you launch?” I yelled. The beast kept its head high, keeping both of us in its field of view...as if it was trying to decide which one to kill first.
“Perhaps five times the strength, but I would need more time to prepare,” Arian answered, his voice as clear as if he was standing right beside me. “Why do you ask?”
“You’ll have to trust me on this!” I shouted back before turning my attention back to the beast.
I turned into a flurry of blades, dancing within its six giant legs as I carved gashes and dodged, then carved gashes into those gashes in an attempt to keep the colossal beast’s attention solely on me.
The earth shook with each step it took and I would have to dodge the blurring tail every once in a while as it attempted to strike me from right under it.
All my focus was spent actively limiting my output of aether, controlling it as efficiently as I could in preparation of the perfect time.
“I’m ready,” Arian said from afar, his figure no larger than a white crow from where I was.
A flash of gold suddenly filled my vision a second before a deafening explosion thundered through the air.

Arian had unleashed a giant blast of cutting force directly at the beast, enveloping its entire head in the bright golden surge of light.
I leaned forward, crossing my arms in front of me to keep from getting blown away by the attack.
It wasn’t just Caera. They were also hiding their strength while in the convergence zone.

Despite the dire situation we were in, I couldn’t help but think to myself how little of a chance Dicathen truly had in winning the war. Had Arian, Taegen and the ascenders all joined their people to fight against us, the war would’ve been over much faster.
The beast’s head whipped back on its long neck as the force from Arian’s attack. And while the beast was disgruntled and in pain, it focused its attention back on me.
I needed its attention focused elsewhere, and the beast itself mad enough to use its breath attack again, but it seemed like it was either smarter than I had given credit, or too wary of the aether that I gave off.
As I looked for an opening to deepen a wound that I had repeatedly afflicted, the beast suddenly began stamping all of its feet at the ground.
Dust rose, covering my vision of the beast’s legs and the full force of the tail that struck me from behind moments later.
The world turned white as the blinding pain spread throughout my body, and by the time I came to, I was on the ground, several dozens of yards away from the beast.
I pushed myself up, a groan escaping from my throat. My vision blurred and the world seemed to be tilting a bit, but overall, I was fine.
‘Still barely a scratch on Mr. Big-and-nasty, huh,’ Regis chimed.
“You’re awake,” I managed to say before letting out a cough. “Can you help?”
‘No. I haven’t been absorbing aether from your body like I usually do in order to heal since I knew you’d be fighting,’ Regis replied.
“Damn.”
‘There is one alternative, though,’ Regis mentioned.
My brows furrowed as I continued watching the beast fight Arian as well as Taegen, who had managed to return to the battle. “What is it?”
‘Using the Destruction Rune,’ Regis answered after a beat of hesitation. ‘Just your aether reserves should be enough.’
Anger and fear rose up in me as I answered. “No.”
For once, Regis didn’t push me. He remained quiet as I let the last aches and kinks in my body heal. I wanted to use the Destruction Rune more than anyone, but the last attempt led me to stabbing myself to keep from descending into a state of madness—and I had barely used its powers.
There was also the added problem of witnesses. Both Arian and Taegen would see, and even if Caera was able to use the corrupt flames, I’m sure a purple flame capable of destroying a nine-story-high beast would raise some questions.
As I returned to the battlefield, a low thrum sounded from the beast—more specifically, its mouth.

It was going to use its breath attack again!
Arian had retreated to a safe distance, drinking several vials of elixirs in an attempt to recover. Meanwhile, the beast focused on Taegen, whose giant stone-clad hands were scooping up giant pieces of earth, condensing and launching them at its legs where I had injured it.
Its fang-lined maw was spread even wider than before and I could feel the fluctuations in the air. Even without the ability to sense mana, I knew what would soon be coming.
I needed to get below the beast’s head, now.
Except, the only non elemental I could use was one that I had only tried with mana. Back then, my body couldn’t withstand the burden of it, but even if it could now, I wasn’t able to manipulate mana.
Taking a sharp breath, I focused internally on the state of my body as I continued sprinting toward the beast. I tried to feel every muscle in my leg, back, hip, and core move in a predetermined manner in a set order, pushing my body to move a certain way.
I wanted to enhance every step of this process, imbuing power into each and every micromovement of muscles, tendons, and joints in order to far surpass the limits of even asuras.
I wanted to use Burst Step.
Derived from the pantheons’ use of a single explosive step, the Burst Step I had developed, merging the fundamental theory of mana manipulation along with my knowledge of the human anatomy, was going from a standstill position to an explosive dash in a single instant—almost to the point where, to the unsuspecting eye, the body would look almost pulled at high speeds by a higher force.
Albeit still linear and incomplete, I had surpassed the original technique of the pantheons with Burst Step. The real question at this moment was, could I replicate or even go beyond my initial success while using aether?
With my newly formed passages within my body, I timed the strength, location and flow of aether, at least trying to replicate the explosiveness in speed even if I had to forgo starting from a standstill position.
And, largely, it worked.
Tempering my core and forging my aether passages through all of the trials and tribulations had allowed me with a certain precision in my control. And as if the world had been pulled away from right under me, the world blurred as my eyes remained focused on my destination.
My position and timing were both ideal as a shimmering sphere of energy formed within the beast’s mouth.
I should’ve been happy. Hell, I should’ve been ecstatic. If I could do this now, with enough practice, this meant that I would be able to fully use Burst Step to my heart’s content.
But I wasn’t satisfied. I felt like I was missing something—the same feeling as a word lost on the tip of the tongue. Touching upon the basis of Burst Step, seeing the world pulled from right under me as I used this technique made me feel like I was on the cusp of something greater. Except I didn’t know what.
With no time to ponder, I coalesced the remaining aether into the center of my palm and pushed out a condensed blast of violet that clamped the beast’s lower jaw shut just as it was about to release its destructive breath attack.
For a moment, I feared that the beast would simply open back its mouth and release the blast of energy, but Taegen reacted as if he had read my mind.
A giant boulder hurtled from the sky, and only after a moment did I realize it was Taegen who had molded his entire armor into the head of his mace to form this giant earthen sphere.
With both my attack and his keeping its shoveled maw shut, the beast’s breath attack imploded within its mouth.
A muted thud resounded and the shockwave generated within the beast’s mouth from the force was strong enough to send Taegen and even Arian hurtling through the air.
I had managed to anchor myself, digging both my arms and feet into the ground in order to stay within range.
While drained and in pain, I knew that the beast was still alive by how it struggled to regain its balance despite the clouds of smoke erupting from its head. And even though I still struggled with that word on the tip of my tongue, I had to end this battle first.
I pulled out the dagger back from its sheath and drove it straight into my thigh.
‘Regis. Let’s do it,’ I said and a simple grunt of affirmation was all it took before a tsunami of knowledge, insight and—most of all—power, washed over me.
Taking the chance while both Taegen and Arian were disoriented and hopefully unconscious, I engulfed the wounded and defenseless titan in the cold, amethyst flames of destruction.
The last bits of my memories were of myself, discontent and hungry for more death, my eyes searching for the next victim. However, the waves of pain radiating from the dagger kept me sane enough to drive it in deeper, eventually causing my body to collapse.
However, despite how pathetic I felt—controlled by a power that I had unlocked—an epiphany came to me. I knew what was missing in Burst Step. That’s when darkness overtook me.





Chapter 272
Chapter 272: Your Name
I woke up to see a domed ceiling dimly lit by a flickering orange light. That was all I was able to take in before my body so kindly reminded me why I had fallen unconscious in the first place. My body felt like it was being entirely twisted and wrung; rippling pain and objections to moving pushed the air completely out of my lungs.
My vision spun and it took me several minutes to even realize that there were other people talking.
“—anything we can do?”
“Princess will be fine. He just needs some space.”
“Talking Wolf is right, Lady Caera. Since elixirs don’t work on Effeminate One, all we can do is wait.”
“What I don’t understand is how all of you can be so calmly accepting of the fact that we’re conversing with a wolf made of shadows and purple fire!”
“You were screaming at me to save you just fine back in the convergence zone, Miss Booty Shorts. I don’t see why you’re so baffled by it now.”
“B-Booty shorts? What are you even—”
“It was fairly obvious that Effeminate One was always cautious. It comes to no surprise that he’s been hiding some of his abilities.”
With the room stable and my wounds only disturbingly painful now, I managed to prop myself up on my elbows. “I thought I told you to stop calling me Effeminate One.”
“Ah, it seems you’re fully conscious now,” Arian replied a few feet away where he, Taegen, Daria, Caera, and Regis were situated around a simmering pot held over a fire. “You’ve had a few seizures like this before so we assumed you’d fall back to sleep again.”
“Where am I?” I asked, Regis helping me up by pushing my back with his head.
“You can relax,” Caera answered, her expression a conflicted mix of wariness and sympathy. “We’re in a sanctuary room.”
My eyes locked with hers, resurfacing the memories of the black flames she had conjured.
Swallowing the emotions I had come to associate with them—pain, loss, regret, and anger—I spoke. “So that giant beast guarding the tower...”
Arian shot me a smile. “It seems like your plan to let the beast’s breath attack explode in its mouth worked.”
“Effeminate One’s plan would’ve failed if I hadn’t assisted,” Taegen added, snorting. “Although I didn’t think it would actually work.”

So they didn’t find out. The shockwave from the beast’s breath attack must’ve been strong enough to knock Taegen and Arian unconscious while I utilized the runes of destruction that Regis stored in his body.
Since the carallians in the convergence zone disintegrated upon dying, they must’ve assumed the same thing had happened to that colossal beast.
Judging by everyone’s expressions, they seemed to have a lot of suspicions, but I was just relieved that they hadn’t witnessed my use of destruction aether.
“We all have questions for you, but I think it’s best to get your strength up.” Daria said softly as she handed me a bowl filled with steaming stew. “I heard you’re from the South, but you’ve tasted it yourself. The Lehndert blood is famous for delicious and augmenting recipes.”
“This particular member of the Lehndert blood seems to be particularly stingy, however,” Taegen muttered. “Restricting everyone to only two servings per person...”
Daria hissed at Taegen, shooting him a glare. “That’s because you started eating straight out of the pot using the ladle as a spoon!”
“We still have our own rations, Taegen,” Lady Caera said as she calmly withdrew what looked like a moist brown brick with chunks of dried fruit sprinkled in it.
“...Thank you, Lady Caera.” The towering mass of red hair and muscles actually let out a sigh before he bit down into the ration bar.
Despite the fact that my body technically didn’t need to eat, my hands automatically reached for it. I let the warmth spread from the bowl and into my palms before taking a sip.
A rich hearty broth slid down my throat, coating my mouth in its deep meaty flavor. My expression must’ve given my thoughts away because I looked up to see Daria with a smirk, Caera looking at me with intrigue, and Taegen staring longingly at the bowl in my hands.
“The power of the Linhndert cuisine triumphs again,” Daria snickered. “I didn’t think it was possible for you to have any expression aside from annoyed and deadpan.”
Regis curled up beside me, his purple flames seemingly cool to the touch. “He’s a softie once you get to know him.”
After finishing my second bowl of stew, I finally spoke again. “While your actions were unnecessary, thank you for taking care of me while I was unconscious.”
I patted Regis, who was still lying down. “Let’s go.”
“Wait, you’re just going to leave now that you had some rest and a meal?” Daria asked.
I regarded the brown-haired ascender. “Is there a reason why we should continue travelling together?”
“You’re powerful—freakishly so—and it’s obvious that you haven’t revealed all of your abilities,” Daria answered. “But there are only one or two zones left until the next exit portal comes up. Let’s work together and get back home safely. I’ve already agreed to team up with Lady Caera’s team.”
Despite not meaning to, Daria had just revealed two incredibly important facts. First, that there were multiple exits, and second, that they had already passed an exit portal—or several—before this. This meant that I must’ve landed somewhere in the middle of the Relictombs.
Standing up, I felt for all of my belongings. Noticing that the dagger was still strapped to me, I unbuckled it from my waist and handed it to Caera. “I had to borrow it for the last battle. Here.”

She accepted the dagger without a word, her expression almost impossible to make out. It was only when I turned to walk away that she spoke.
“Stop,” she said with a weight in her voice that she hadn’t used before.
I looked back over my shoulder in time to catch the dagger she threw back at me. “You’ll need these once you get out of the Relictombs.”

I glanced down at the dagger in my hand, noticing that there was a golden coin tied to the strap that wasn’t there before. The design of feathered wings spread from a wreathed shield was etched delicately onto the face of the medallion.
“Lady Caera!” Taegen started before the navy-haired ascender raised a hand.
“What makes you say that?” I asked, my gaze on Caera who was pouring a steaming liquid into her metal cup.
“It’ll be the easiest way to prove yourself without having to reveal your identity in front of all of the kingdom officials waiting for ascenders that come out of the Relictombs.” Caera took a sip before looking at me with a serious gaze. “Just say you’re a nomadic ascender contracted under the Denoir Blood.”
I hadn’t thought about the possibility of people waiting outside of the Relictombs. I forgot that this wasn’t just a dungeon that adventurers could go in and out as they pleased. One of the fundamental purposes for these Relictombs was to retrieve lost artifacts from the ancient mages so of course there would be officials making sure that was regulated.
“Then what about the dagger? I thought this was your brother’s?” I asked as I loosened the medallion tied to the dagger strap.
“It is. Which is why I expect you to return it eventually along with the medallion,” Caera replied. “The Denoir estate will be easy to find once you get to the capital domain in central Alacrya.”
“Central domain?” My brows furrowed. “I have no plans on—”
“Then do you wish for me to take back the dagger and medallion?”
I clutched the golden coin in my hand as I decided. “What makes you think I’ll return it once I’m out of the Relictombs?”
“The Denoir Debonair blood has always had a great eye for people,” she stated simply. “You know a secret of mine and I know one of yours. I won’t try to force you to come with us, but I do hope that we can meet again and share a conversation under better circumstances.”
“Wait, you’re just going to let him leave?” Daria stood up. “I still have a simulet that you can hold onto. Once we’re all out of here, Blood Lihndert can definitely provide you with anything you want. I said this before, but we really are always looking for powerful strikers.”
“And you also called him handsome,” Regis added.
Daria flushed and shot a glare at him. “Yes, I did. And usually, throwing in a few compliments and exposing some skin works.”
“Thank you for the offer, but I’ll have to refuse,” I said to Daria. “As for the medallion and dagger. I’ll return them.”

I exchanged glances with Taegen and Arian. While both seemed a bit reluctant, they gave me a nod.
I made my way toward the end of the sanctuary where a closed door awaited. Opening it showed a shimmering portal that I knew would take me to a different place from the rest.
“Your name,” she said over the crackling flames.
Turning back, I could see Caera was standing up as well. “I don’t need to know what blood you’re from, but at least a name...”
It was a simple question that I found myself having a hard time answering. Despite the changes in my appearance, going with Arthur wouldn’t be smart—too many Alacryans had heard of the lance with that name during the war.
At the same time, I didn’t want the name that I would go by now as a mere moniker to stay hidden. My motive wasn’t to stay in hiding.
I needed some time under the radar while I got stronger, but this wouldn’t be the same as calling myself Note during the time I was posing as the masked adventurer.
No. I wanted my name to be a statement that no one else but my relatives and Agrona and the asuras would know of. And my goal would be, by the time Agrona hears of this name and connects it to who I actually am, that I’d be a foe powerful enough to stand up against him.
“My name is Grey,” I answered, walking through the portal.
***
Both Regis and I were on full alert once we stepped through, expecting another aether-fueled beast. I half hoped for the door to remain like it had in the first sanctuary. Last time, I had been able to unlock it with my limited knowledge of aetheric runes in order to rest and challenge the level multiple times.
However, what we were met with was dead silence and a corridor about two shoulder-widths wide, brightly lit by panels of light running down the top of the walls. I turned back to see that the portal we had come through was gone, leaving me with only one path.
“Well, this is eerie,” Regis noted, tails of black and purple flames swaying from his wolven form as he walked beside me.
“Yeah.” My eyes darted left and right, never staying in one place as adrenaline rushed through me. It was quiet and calm, but with the white light and the immaculately smooth white walls, I couldn’t help but feel on edge.
As we walked, however, I must’ve triggered something because runes suddenly lit up on the wall on either side of me and the corridor lights suddenly turned purple.
I didn’t have much time to react after that because an indescribable force suddenly pulled us forward, putting both Regis and I in front of a massive entrance made of what looked like black crystal that was definitely not anywhere near the path we had been walking on.
Air suddenly returned to my lungs, which made me realize I had been holding my breath. On the solid gates of shimmering black were etches of indigo that, only upon closer inspection, seemed to be runes.
‘Welcome, Being of Aether and Flesh. Please enter,’ a voice suddenly spoke in my head. Having shared telepathic communications with both Sylvie and Regis, I was accustomed to voices in my head. However, this was different. It didn’t feel like someone or something was speaking. It felt like I was the one that had suddenly thought that to myself.
“Did you hear that voice too?” I asked Regis.
He tilted his head. “I heard something, but the voice was too muffled for me to make out anything.”
“Get inside me, just in case.”
As the shadowy form of my companion disappeared as he entered through my back, I looked around one more time. There was no corridor behind me now, only three white walls, one white ceiling and floor and a single solid crystalline gate that gave off a purple glow. I stepped in front of it, cautiously reaching for the door.
When the tips of my fingers grazed the surface, however, a warm and almost familiar touch enveloped me and my hand sunk through the seemingly-solid crystal.
I hesitated to walk further in but I couldn’t help but be drawn to whatever was on the other side, stepping forward once more through yet another entrance that held the unknown.
The crystalline gate clicked and whirred like millions of solid tiny moving pieces making way for me to slip through. Until, finally, my entire body had become fully immersed.





Chapter 273
Chapter 273: Being of Aether
I had grown accustomed to expecting the unexpected. As brash and cliche as that sounded, in an unfamiliar area that didn’t abide by the conventions of either of the worlds I had lived in, it was all I could do in order to stay above the crippling anxiety lurking within me.
Yet, the scene that unfolded in front of me as the innumerous crystals of black and purple parted was oddly...familiar.
It wasn’t grandiose like the hall of elaborate statues or mind blowing like the panels of light within a cosmic void of purple.
No. It just seemed like the laboratory of a person even messier than Gideon. The room was fairly large but felt cramped with the dozen or so tables strewn throughout the room, each ‘decorated’ with an array of beakers and test tubes. Lining the walls in this hexagonal room were tall glass shelves filled with various nicknacks and containers—some empty, some not.
Only one wall remained different and that was because it had a portal. Unlike most portals that shone in an array of multicolored lights, this portal looked more like I was looking through a glass screen. Clearly shown on the other side were guards clad in plated armor of black in an otherwise empty room.
“Huh. You’d think with an entrance like that, it would lead to something...more,” Regis began before his eyes fell on the portal as well. “At least we’ll finally be out of here.”
“Wait.” My eyes scoured the lab. “The voice in my head referred to me as the ‘Being of Aether and Flesh’.”
“There has to be something more to this place than this,” I said as my eyes continued to search every corner of the room. “I’m guessing it wouldn’t have let me in here otherwise.”
“Wait.” Regis narrowed his sharp eyes. “Is that why you didn’t want to go back with the other ascenders? You expected something like this to happen?”
“Somewhat,” I said while walking through the aisles of metal tables. “There are too many variables that I can’t put my hands on, like finding Caera’s brother in the forest zone with the aetheric millipede. But what’s certain is that my presence has an influence on all of these zones, so it’s reasonable to assume that whoever built the Relictombs only wanted beings inclined toward aether to get this far.”
“Then what about all of the past cases where Alacryans were able to bring relics of the past to the Vritra?” Regis pried. “It’s been mentioned by the ascenders and I’ve even seen glimpses in my memories from Uto.”
I paused, thinking for a moment before shaking my head. “It’s hard to say for sure. My best guess is degradation, though. The Relictombs might be powerful enough to keep asuras out, but there’s nothing that can last forever, especially something as intricate as this place.”
“Anyway, this room shouldn’t be something as simple as an easy way out.” I turned toward my companion. “Do you know what these relics look like?”
“Aside from the massive amounts of aether held within, they can look like anything, from a book, to an artifact, to a bone. But I know that the simulets that Miss Booty—Daria mentioned a few times were made using the insights from a relic,” he answered before perking up. “Do you think we can find artifacts in this room before leaving?”
There was something odd about this room in that it looked like a normal lab but there were key components missing. Comparing this lab to Gideon’s, what filled his lab even more so than the beakers, molds, and contraptions were books.
Whether they were textbooks or journals for recordkeeping, there was always an abundance of bound paper. There wasn’t anything like that here.
As Regis continued to search through the lab, hoping to find some sort of clue as to where we were, I took a different approach.

But even with my enhanced vision, I couldn’t sense anything made of aether here aside from the portal.
Did I think too deeply into it? Like Regis had said, was this place simply just an easier route to get out of the Relictombs?
I almost considered leaving as Regis waited impatiently by the portal, his shadowy tail thumping the ground, when the words the voice had said echoed in my head once more.
It had referred to me as a ‘being of aether’, so maybe just trying to detect aether in this room wasn’t enough.
With nothing to lose, I unleashed an aetheric aura, bathing the room in a suffocating pressure.
“What the...” Regis stiffened, confused by my sudden action until the room started changing. As if everything that I saw, smelled and felt within this room had been an illusion, everything started fading away...including the floor.
I began to fall, and then just stopped. It felt like I had jerked awake from a falling dream as my feet suddenly found themselves firmly planted to a floor that didn’t exist a second ago.
I heard Regis let out a startled gasp, but my eyes were focused on the construct in front of me. A pedestal that stood ten-feet high with aetheric runes carved around it. Four revolving halos of glowing stones with the same intricate runes etched across its surface gyrated without ever touching one another.
Floating just above the pedestal in the center of the halos of stone was a small glistening crystal. It radiated a brilliant lavender light and, while it appeared rather valuable, the amount of the aether it emitted was miniscule. However, there was something in this room that held an unfathomable amount of aether.
Regis, although his perception toward aether wasn’t nearly as sensitive as mine, felt it too as he searched the room.
Looking around as well for the first time, I realized the deteriorated state of this room. Unlike the illusion of the lab we had fallen from, the stone rune-filled walls were cracked and chipped. There were even a few man-sized holes on the ground and in the walls with rubble still littering the floor.
What made me tense and almost fearful was the fact that this source of aether wasn’t just coming from any one spot. It was constantly moving and while I could feel it, it was the first time I couldn’t see it.
“Who’s there!” I roared, my eyes trying to follow the massive congregation of aether.
Suddenly, I could feel it rapidly approaching from the other side of the room. Unable to tell how large this invisible force was, I shrouded myself in aether and threw a blurring punch forward.
What was strange was that the strength behind my punch should’ve either gone through and hit the air, hit something and sent it flying, or injure my own hand and arm from the recoil. However, none of those things happened.
My fist had definitely hit something solid, but it felt like the force behind my attack had been completely nullified.
And manifesting in front of me, with its hand wrapped around my fist, was a humanoid figure that stood at about six feet.
“So you can sense me,” it said with an expression of pure shock.
I pulled my hand back and stepped away while Regis appeared beside me, teeth bared.
The figure was an opaque purple in color with short cropped hair of the same hue. The only parts darker were the tattoos of interlocking runes running over almost the entire surface of his body. It even ran up to his cheeks and forehead, leaving only his eyes, nose, mouth and chin bare.

The being studied me, brows furrowed and eyes glowing. “You have an aether core, yet no spellforms to protect your body.”
“Spellforms?” I asked while exchanging a confused glance with Regis.
Its eyes narrowed with intrigue. “I see. A human with the body of an asura—a dragon no less. What an unprecedented anomaly you are.”

The being looked down at Regis, who flinched from its gaze. An expression of shock resurfaced once more on its face. “You carry an edict for destruction, yet the knowledge remains in the asuran human’s mind.”
“Who are you?” I asked, aether still cycling within me, ready to attack.
“I have waited a long time, yet what was brought to me is something even I didn’t know was possible.” The being waved its arm and I found myself in an impossibly large enclosing surrounded by a dome of translucent purple. The entity, who had been right in front of me, now stood several yards away and Regis was gone.
“What did you do with Regis?” I growled, looking for my companion.
“The pup is safe. This is a trial of your skills after all.” The being stepped toward me. “I know you’ve undergone many challenges so far but I sincerely hope that you pass this final trial.”
“You’re right. Ever since being thrown into this godforsaken dungeon, it felt like all I’ve had to do is face trials.” The edge of my mouth curled into a smirk as anger leaked through my voice. “At least, unlike the other monstrosities this place whipped up, you have the sentience to at least tell me some answers.”
“And that I will,” he said as a spear of aether manifested into his hand. “Given that you prove your worth, of course.”
I had landed in this ancient dungeon after failing to protect Dicathen. The only ones I could blame were far out of reach, and the only ones I could take my anger out on were bloodthirsty monsters.
Now, standing in front of me was a being of high intelligence and strength that deemed himself the ‘final trial’.
Prove your worth, my ass.
I burst forth, brandishing the white dagger in my hand. My blade was met with the shaft of his purple spear, and once again, the force of my attack was nullified. It was a different feeling compared to the ability to alter the gravitational pull of an opponent that Cylrit, Seri’s retainer, had. There was no delay or recoil that I could work off of.
My attack just stopped.
Stepping into my opponent, I followed up with a strike to his sternum, channelling aether in quick successive bursts through my arm like I had done with Burst Step to maximize strength and speed.
Again. My attack stopped just as it hit below his ribcage.
However, I had noticed something. The runes scouring almost every inch of his body glowed slightly as he channeled aether through them.
The two of us soon fell into a flurry of attacks, with me on the offensive. Using my dagger only as an extension of my right hand, I slashed, lunged, kicked and punched with the being matching every one of my attacks with a perfect defense.

Dodging a barrage of blurring stabs from his glowing spear, I used my left palm to redirect his last strike downward to my right and used the momentum to launch a reverse roundhouse stab at his head.
Like I had expected, his runes glowed once in the area he knew I would attack. And like I had expected, the tip of my dagger simply remained suspended just above his right ear.
He swung his spear, putting a distance back between us before lunging forward at me once more. While his nullifying defense was beyond frustrating, I had to admit that his technique with the spear was astounding.
The shaft of his weapon swayed and bent as if it were made of wood, curving and springing in the air with every stab and swipe he threw at me, as if his spear had come alive.
However, my martial techniques were nothing to scoff at either and my asuran physique only supplemented my abilities. I wove, parried and redirected his attacks until we were both at a stalemate.
That’s what I wanted him to think.
I had realized that his nullifying defense mechanism wasn’t automatic. The way the being’s eyes followed the movement of my dagger to block proved it.
The entity aimed for my left collarbone as his spear rushed toward me. Rather than sidestepping out of it, I dipped my left shoulder forward and grabbed the shaft with my left hand. While pulling the entity’s spear toward me, I imbued aether into the dagger in my right hand.
Again, the runes glowed and I could already sense the accumulation of aether protecting his stomach. And that would’ve worked had that been my intention.
Rather than strike at his stomach, I brought my right leg forward and stabbed past him before hooking my right arm right below his armpit.
He never saw the shoulder throw coming as I released a pulse of aetheric intent before letting go of my dagger and slamming him into the ground.
I followed up immediately by concentrating aether into the palm of my hand in preparation for a blast. Suddenly, the entity, who had been lying on the ground right in front of me, was now over a dozen yards away.
“What the,” I muttered.
The entity calmly stood back up, his expression a bit more serious. “Very good. I must admit that I’m embarrassed that you have managed to land an attack.”
With his brows furrowed in concentration, he stabbed his spear forward. I sidestepped, expecting his spear to stretch forward and reach me—he was a user of aether, after all—but the tip of his weapon disappeared in front of him and a sharp pain exploded from my shoulder.
The spearhead had sprung out of a portal made just beside me.
Expect the unexpected, I reminded myself.
Relying on my body to recover the wound, I imbued aether into my legs once more and rushed toward the tattooed humanoid. Except, I wasn’t getting any closer to him no matter how far and fast I sprinted.
The entity stabbed forward once more into a small portal in front of him, but this time I was able to dodge his attack. There was a slight delay between the fluctuation of aether and the spear emerging from the portal.
“Your technique and physical prowess is superb but your attack earlier was merely a fluke,” he stated as he prepared to stab forward once more.
Lowering my head, I hid my grin, letting aether flow freely from my core. I could feel the ambient aether react as the aether oscillated through every inch of my body.
I welcomed both the familiar surge of warmth spreading from my lower back and the knowledge that flooded into my head.
Then, I stepped forward.
And that single, divine, step brought me behind the entity, aether crackling from my body in branches of violet lightning.
“Is this a fluke as well?” I asked as my dagger dug deep into the entity’s back.





Chapter 274
Chapter 274: The Crystal
The dome of translucent purple shimmered out of existence and I found myself back in the hidden chamber. The entity I had just fought was nowhere to be found and I was barely able to remain standing, the mental and physical strain of my new rune gripping its cold claws around me.
Regis came bounding toward me, his expression a mixture of shock and concern. “W-What the hell happened? You got another rune!”
“Where is he?” I asked through gritted teeth, my eyes searching for any sign of the purple figure.
“He?” Regis echoed in confusion. “You were just blankly standing still a few seconds before this purple lightning started crackling around you.”
“I have never seen aether manifest in such a way before,” the familiar deep voice echoed in front of me.
I snapped my head up while Regis whirled around to see that the source of the voice wasn’t coming from that same entity...but the crystal floating atop the pedestal.
“Forgive me for the confusion. Seeing as I don’t have a physical form anymore, I took our fight into your mind,” the crystal stated, radiating a light that corresponded to the words it said.
My brows furrowed. “So that entire fight didn’t really happen?”
“The mind is a powerful tool that even asuras rarely exercise, choosing rather to hone their body and cores,” the crystal replied with a rather flippant tone. “But you seem to be different—in more than one sense.”
“Princess here is a bit of an oddball,” Regis agreed, nodding his head.
Even I had to admit that my case was anything but odd. However, I had so many questions and wanted to move forward. “So what happens now? Have I passed your ‘final trial’ or is there something more?”
“The fact that I have chosen to even speak with you means that you have passed,” the crystal answered. “That little spar was more for my curiosity and boredom, and you have done a splendid job in satiating both.”
Whether it was the Indrath Clan or the Vritra Clan, asuras and these higher entities always seemed to love satisfying their boredom without any care for those on the receiving end.
“To think that you would be able to receive a rune, and of the spatium edict no less,” the crystal continued. “Tell me. How are you able to control the flow of aether within your body with such precision? Is it the asura’s physique that aids you?”
My eyes narrowed. “I have no reason or incentive to answer.”
Regis looked back at me with a flash of panic. “Ar-Grey. What are you doing? Don’t disrespect the talking crystal.”
“No. Your master is prudent,” the crystal said to Regis before addressing me. “Grey, was it? Earlier, you indicated that you wanted answers. What is stored within this aetheric remnant is something that I believe you’ll want. All I ask is that you satiate my curiosity for a few more minutes.”
“You said that I had passed your trial. Am I not already entitled to whatever it was you’re going to give me regardless of whether or not I answer you?” I rebutted, tired of his antics.
The crystal paused, its glowing surface dimming for a few seconds before it spoke again. “Very well. I can grant you an additional small gift from my people.”
Exchanging another glance with Regis, I let out a sigh and began telling my journey after arriving here. I told the crystal about the beasts I had to fight, the trials I had to overcome, and what eventually lay ahead once I got out. I did, however, omit any of my relations to the Indrath Clan for obvious reasons.
***
“Fascinating! To think you were not only able to forge an aether core, but also forcefully temper your own internal conduits to control its output. Truly something that could only be done with the physique of an asura,” the crystal gushed, its lights pulsating excitedly.

“That’s what those runes covering your body are for, right? They’re used so you can control the flow of aether,” I confirmed.
“Correct. While our people have mastered spellform in order to draw in and manipulate aether, true mastery and the organic appearance of godrunes—such as that branch of spatium you had just received—only come through major insight.”
“So this godrune signifies that I’ve gained insight into a certain aspect of aether, right? By whom, or what?” I asked. “Is there a higher deity above the asuras that are bestowing these?”
“That information is not stored within this remnant,” the crystal answered. “But aether is all around us and can work in ways that are impossible to imagine. The path of obtaining authority over aether is different for everyone, and yours—by far—is the most different.”
“How so?” Regis asked.
“Our people were limited by our physical bodies. Most of our struggles weren’t about gaining insights, but rather figuring out ways to make our fragile bodies handle the burden of aether.”
“I may be speculating but I believe your new rune took on the appearance of lightning not because it is lightning but because that was how you conceptualized the abstract nature of that specific branch of aether,” the crystal went on.
“So the dragons of the Indrath Clan weren’t able to do what your people or I am able to do?” I asked. “They have the physique and aptitude to handle aether but not the knowledge and insights to conceptualize aether as their own, right? ”
I felt the hair on my neck stand as a heavy pressure spilled out from the crystal. “Those beasts do not deserve the title of asura for the atrocities they have committed. Their greed for our knowledge and fear that we may overtake their position as the true wielders of aether led them to kill not only our people but take prisoner many of our most powerful mages in the hopes to torture and learn.”
My eyes widened at the crystal’s sudden outburst. I didn’t know how much to believe but if what it said was all true, then the Indrath Clan wasn’t so different from Agrona and the Vritra Clan.
I wanted to argue—to say that not all of the dragons were like that. Sylvia and Lady Myre were some of the kindest beings I had met that had taught me so much. But the thought of Sylvia brought on new suspicions. Based on her last message, it seemed as if even she had come to despise her clan. Were the golden runes she had a byproduct of their findings from these ancient mages?
Biting my tongue, I nodded solemnly.
The crystal seemed to be studying me before it spoke once more. “My apologies for my outburst. It wasn’t only my knowledge that had been stored in here but my emotions as well. As you surmised, the Indrath Clan—along with the rest of the asuras that their leader had fooled into believing we were a threat bent on destroying the world—had managed to succeed in their genocide but not in their pursuit of our knowledge.”
“Because of these Relictombs that you’ve built to keep asuras away?” I asked.
“Relictombs?”
“That’s what the people that delve down here call this place,” I clarified.
“How fitting. Yes. This place is the work of hundreds of mages adept in wielding aether of different edicts, as you might’ve figured. Time, space, and life all work differently here and more of it is from the natural course of time rather than our own design,” the crystal said with a hint of pride. “While our civilization had been ransacked and burned, we had created an ecosystem separate from that of the rest of this world, one that cannot be touched by asuras.”
“I don’t understand how any of that was possible though. With hundreds of aether mages, how did you guys lose?” I asked, more confused than before. “And also, how was it possible for your people to create a place where only lesser beings were allowed when the Indrath Clan—limited as it was—still had the ability to influence aether.”
“That is not for me to tell,” the crystal said. “And we were able to do so with the efforts of many spatium mages.”
Frustration flared in the pit of my stomach and Regis sensed it as well. He lightly hit my leg with his tail.
“Fine,” I mustered. “What about the lesser beings scouring this place, looking to loot anything they can in hopes to get stronger and find pieces of knowledge that you have stored here to bring back to the asuras they serve?”
“As you’ve most likely witnessed firsthand, we have devised safeguards for those contingencies so—”
“Well those contingencies are slowly failing,” I cut in. “It may hold for some time, but like I said, an asura of the Vritra Clan is already close to gaining insights into what your people knew about aether by using lesser beings to explore these ruins for him.”
“You must gain insights into aether faster then. Compared to the asura, who is not even capable of traversing in this plane, your unique physique and understanding gives you an advantage,” the crystal answered.

“It’s not enough. Agrona has had hundreds, if not thousands of years over me!”
The crystal dimmed. “But despite all of that, this Agrona sees you as a threat, yes?”

I frowned. “Well, yes. But—”
“Then there’s hope. It means that there’s a possibility of you succeeding.”
It felt like I was talking to a rock at this point. Well, a non-sentient rock made of aether...
“My job is neither to guide you nor to reassure you. It is also not within my hands to control the outcome of Fate, merely to tip it in our favor,” the rock said, as if sensing my frustration. “And it is why you will be receiving these...”
Suddenly, the halos of stone revolving around the crystal halted and a flash of purple light enveloped me before I had the chance to react.
A slight tingle radiated from my right forearm as well as down my spine, but even that lasted only for a second. The light dimmed and the first thing I noticed was a black rune running down the inside of my forearm. “What is this?”
“That...” the crystal said, “is an extradimensional storage engraved directly into your arm. You mentioned to me about your regenerative abilities, so this rune is a bit special in that even if your arm is cut off, as long as it is regrown, this rune will stay with you.”
“So no one can steal anything stored inside there?” Regis asked, bringing my arm down with his paw so he could get a better look.
“Exactly,” the crystal replied. “This does limit the space within the rune but I’d say it would still fit about a crate’s worth of anything inorganic or dead.”
My eyes studied the complex geometric shapes that made up the rune running down my arm. “This...”
“You also told me that this asura you’re fighting against has created a civilization of mages with basic spellforms running down their backs to aid them in magic. In order for you to better assimilate, I engraved some useless runes down your back that roughly describes your aetheric spells as a rare subtype of pure mana,” the crystal explained. “I’m not sure how well they are able to read spellform but it should at least allow you to use your basic aetheric abilities without raising too much suspicion.”
“Wow. You’re totally an Alacryan now,” Regis teased, using his paw to lift up the back of my shirt.
Shooting my companion a glare, I swatted his paw away.
“Take caution. If you use an edict of aether, the godrune will shine above these faux runes,” the crystal warned.
I nodded in understanding, showing respect for the first time. “Thank you, truly. Both these gifts will help tremendously.”
“Don’t thank me just yet. The real artifact is within the extrademensional storage within your arm. It holds the insights needed to unlock another godrune.”
My eyes widened as I hastily withdrew the single item from the storage. A small cuboid stone rested in the palm of my hand, and aside from its shape and deceivingly heavy weight, it was unremarkable at best.
Still, I was excited at the prospect of unlocking another godrune without blindly trying to gain insight.
“Will this teach me how to create an aetheric weapon like you were able to do? Or maybe negate impact?” I tried guessing based on the abilities that he had used in our spar.
The crystal brightened. “No. This will be something far more worthwhile if you are able to decipher it.”
“Decipher?” Regis asked. “So that rock isn’t just going to give Grey a godrune?”

“If that were possible, I’m sure that the Indrath or Vritra Clan would’ve long since taken control over the edict of Fate,” the crystal replied. “No. This is but a mind’s compass into gaining insights, and it’s one that even I was not able to unravel while still alive.”
“Is it not possible for me to trade this artifact with another that would give me the ability I mentioned before?” I asked. “Learning to manifest a weapon or being able to negate physical attacks would be tremendously helpful in going up against the Alacryans and the Vritra.”
“These two edicts are minor branches that I believe you can gain insights to on your own,” the crystal stated. “On the other hand, that artifact holds an edict capable of aiding you in the areas of the ‘Relictombs’ you have yet to traverse, and also help you turn the tides in your upcoming battle.”
I stored the artifact back into the pocket dimension along with my bag that had Sylvie’s stone in it. “Fine, but you just said that even you weren’t able to decipher this artifact. If you could at least help me gain insight into manifesting an aether—”
Suddenly, we were back in the laboratory, the two of us standing in front of the glass-like portal.
“Did you really have to haggle with an ancient sentient aether crystal?” Regis sighed, shaking his head.
“I was able to get a few additional perks because of that, wasn’t I?” I rebutted.
With everything I had gone through since arriving in this Relictomb, I didn’t feel anywhere closer to knowing how this journey would unfold. Agrona wouldn’t stop until he succeeded in gaining insight into Fate, and it would be impossible to know whether my family, Tess, Virion—everyone else I cared about—would be safe.
Still, I had gotten stronger and received some tangible tasks I needed to accomplish.
Regis turned, regarding me with a serious gaze. “How were you able to gain insight into another edict of aether?”
“Burst Step,” I answered with a smirk. “Turns out that the technique I developed a few years back was already the first step into gaining insight into this specific edict.”
Regis tilted his head. “Pun intended?”
I frowned. “What pun?”
“Step... nevermind.” Regis let out a sigh. “So, what changed from the original Burst Step?”
While difficult to explain using words, I described the sensation that I had felt when using Burst Step against the titanic beast guarding the portal. Instead of stimulating just the parts of my body needed to take that ‘step’, I coalesced aether throughout my body. Different from when I used aether to strengthen myself, the knowledge that I had gained insight into guided me. It was almost like tuning the frequency of aether into a specific channel for a split second, allowing me to cut through space to a predetermined location.
As expected, Regis actually looked more confused than before I explained it. Without the insights I had gained at that moment, I probably would’ve had the same look as well. After gaining insights into both the edict of destruction and this specific branch of space, I could see why Indrath’s attempts at gaining insights into aether through torturing the ancient mages were fruitless.
It’s not that they didn’t explain, it’s that they couldn’t. Even this latest edict was different from when I had fully used Sylvia’s dragon will. Back when I was able to use this sort of pseudo Burst Step, that was me ‘folding’ space and taking a physical step through that fold in order to cross an impossible distance.
This, while having a similar outcome, was different. I wasn’t manipulating the space around me, but manipulating my body into this aetheric vibration capable of slipping through space at a near-instant speed.
“So it’s like Burst Step 2.0,” Regis surmised.
“It’s not true teleportation but I’d say it’s on a much higher level than Burst Step.”
Regis’ tail began to wag. “So like...Divine Step?”
I let out a sigh. “Must you give a name to everything? Don’t you think it sort of belittles the technique?”
“Only if the name sucks,” he responded. “Hmm...Asura Step?”
I raised a brow. “Our enemies, the ones we have to beat, are asuras.”
“You’re right,” he said before his eyes lit up. “Ooh! God Step.”
I thought for a moment before a smile crept up on my face. “God Step...I like it.”
“Great!” Regis suddenly jumped, disappeared into my back. ‘Are you ready for Alacrya, Princess?’
Taking a deep breath, I faced the portal, staring into the scene on the other side. I needed to take it one step at a time. Starting with this one.
“Of course.”





Chapter 275
Chapter 275: Maerin
I stepped through the portal, not really knowing what to expect on the other side.
What didn’t even cross my mind—out of everything that had happened so far, with my experience with the Alacryans both in Dicathen as well as in the Relictombs—was seeing the two guards standing on either side of me to literally jump in surprise, letting out rather terrified screams.
Regis let out a chortle in amusement while I really didn’t know what to make of the situation.
The guard on my right, a rather plump man wearing plated armor that obviously couldn’t contain his wide girth, managed to muster up what little training he had in order to at least point his trembling spear at me. It only took his skinnier—although not by much—companion a second later to follow suit.
“W-Who goes there?” quavered the skinnier guard.
I thought for a second how I should answer when the rounder guard spoke.
“Did you—are, a-are you coming from the R-Relictombs?” he sputtered, his head shifting left and right.
‘Don’t bother answering these stooges. Just kill them,’ Regis groaned.
Ignoring the voice in my head urging me to kill, I looked at the rounder guard who flinched under my gaze and answered, “Yes.”
The thinner stooge to my left let out an audible gasp. It was becoming more and more challenging not to roll my eyes.
“E-Esteemed ascender,” the rounder stooge began, bowing as much as his potbelly would allow before raising his head. “Allow this one to guide you to Maerin Town’s chief.”
The rounder stooge gestured to me to follow after him and the thinner one trailed close behind. Pushing aside the idle thought that maybe one of them should’ve stayed behind to guard the portal, I took in the sight around me for the first time.
Contrary to the...competency and grace shown by the two guards, the hall I had arrived in was anything but magnificent. While not large—no bigger than the size of a modest house in Ashber except with higher ceilings—it had features that obviously displayed the importance of such a structure. A line of pillars towered over us on both sides, holding sconces of actual fire on each one. Upon closer inspection, I could see intricate carvings of what was obviously a basilisk in its humanoid form being revered by genuflected men and women. Each pillar told a brief story, all leading to the same message of worship toward the basilisks that made my stomach curdle.
Discounting the rounder stooge peeking back at me every few seconds, the three of us walked through the smooth marbled floors in peace until we reached the ironbark doors. Light seeped in between and around the two doors, and I was suddenly reminded of my longing to see the sun.
The doors opened with a screech and groan until I was bathed in the rays of sunlight. A knot formed in my stomach and I found myself struggling to hold back tears that I didn’t even know I had. The warm touch of the sun enveloped me like a mother’s embrace.

“Uhh...esteemed ascend—”
“Shhh! He must be cultivating or gaining insight!”
I closed my eyes for just a moment and gathered myself before stepping through the blanket of light that spilled over me like warmed honey.
As my eyes adjusted, I was able to take in the sight around me, and it was...unimpressive.
Single-story houses of brick and mortar lined neatly and uniformly on either side of a cobblestone road about three carriages wide. Civilians could be seen doing their day-to-day tasks, from hanging laundry on a clothesline, tending to their gardens while children ran around swinging wooden swords wrapped in cloth. There was even a child drawing random scribbles on the back of his friend using coal.
My eyes continued to wander, taking in the sights until I noticed the stench reminiscent of a back alley outhouse emanating from behind us.
“Please bear with the odor until we reach the town proper, esteemed ascender,” the thinner stooge said, noticing my change in expression. “We’re still at the edge of the town so the smell from the town outskirts still seeps through past the walls.”
I turned around to see a wall over twenty feet high just behind the edifice housing the portal that we had just walked out of.
“What’s on the other side?” I asked out of simple curiosity.
“The vagrants and parasites that were either evicted from the town of Maerin for not paying their taxes or committing a crime are all congregated there. Our benevolent chief allowed them to stay in that area and even take jobs from residents within the town if the need arises,” the rounder stooge explained.“That also includes nightly jobs as well, if esteemed—ow! Sembi!”
“Stop being an idiot, Chumo! Do you think an ascender has so few options that he would resort to bedding those foul wenches?”
The two digressed into a heated argument, elbowing each other and whispering insults as if they didn’t think I would notice.
‘I wonder if this skit was something they rehearsed,’ Regis pondered, obviously amused.
It was interesting to see that, unlike the ascenders that I had met in the Relictombs, the two stooges didn’t have gaps in their armor that revealed the marks or crests lining their spines.
Perhaps flaunting the markings was something only higher-tier mages did to show their status? Lost in thought, I didn’t notice that many of the civilians we passed were staring at me. Some had the decency to pretend like they were doing something while others just blatantly stopped and gawked.
Some of the men sized me up, instinctually puffing up their chests even while their heads lowered in respect.
A group of town girls who couldn’t have been much older than my sister blushed after making eye contact before giggling amongst themselves. I also caught sight of some older women adjusting their blouses to accentuate their chests, smiling sweetly with an inviting gaze when our eyes locked.
“See, Chumo! Look at everyone just drooling over our esteemed ascender. He has the pick of the lot,” the thinner stooge named Sembi bragged.

“How far is the town chief’s office?” I asked, casting a cold glare at the both of them.
“J-Just a few blocks at the heart of the town proper!” Chumo answered while both visibly shrunk under my gaze.

Houses soon gave way to storefronts as we got closer to the heart of the town. I couldn’t help but reminisce about my time living in Ashber Town. Although it was much larger and more developed here, it had a more peaceful ambience compared to the cities of Dicathen that I had grown so used to.
However, as we continued walking, the cobblestone road suddenly branched off into four separate roads—one main, and three smaller paths that each led to a multi-leveled structure of varying sizes with plenty of land around them.
“What are these buildings for?” I asked. These three buildings were the only ones that weren’t single-storied so I assumed they carried some importance.
“Ah! These three schools are the pride of Maerin Town!” Chumo puffed. “The one to our left is where our children who have received their first mark as a shield attend, while the larger building is for casters, and the black-roofed one is for our future strikers!”
“Our instructors are all very capable, with crests themselves,” Sembi chimed in. “And the head instructor from our striker school has two crests herself and had once taught in an actual city!”
“Speaking of, you actually came at a great time, esteemed ascender,” Chumo. “Not only is a bestowment day tomorrow, but in a few days, students from our neighboring towns will gather here for our annual exhibition!”
While the ‘bestowment day’ sounded interesting, I didn’t want to waste too much time in this town. My priority would be getting a map of where we were after speaking with the town chief.
“I wonder if any of our strikers have a shot at winning the tournament,” Chumo muttered to Sembi.
“Town Chief’s kid, Draster, probably has the best shot, right? I heard he just tested into the third stage of base-tier,” Sembi replied.
“Yeah, but there’s that little monster from Cromer Town that just tested into the fourth stage of base-tier at the age of fifteen.”
“Damn it. And I heard an elder from one of Aramoor City’s academies is actually going to spectate this time to see if there are any potentials to take back as candidates.”
The two continued their gossip, completely carefree as we neared what looked like the town square. The number of people quickly inflated as not only storefronts and restaurants surrounded the smoothly-paved center of the town, but vendors pulled around their wooden carts. Some were filled with food while others carried leather goods or simple clothing.
Ignoring the passing glances of the civilians, I took in the sight of the colosseum that dwarfed the single-storied establishments around it. Just by the number of soldiers—actual, able-bodied guards that exuded some semblance of strength—guarding the large bowl-shared structure, I could guess the level of importance it carried.
Civilians pulling up in carriages and carts pulled by horses and mana beasts lined up in front of the main entrance, waiting to get inside. From the goods they carried, it seemed like they were there to prepare for this upcoming exhibition.

‘It seems like this esteemed ascender is interested in the upcoming events,’ Regis noted.
Maybe a little, I admitted. I had never gone to an exhibition or any sort of tournament in Dicathen while I was growing up there. Even though with my unfair advantages, it probably wouldn’t have been much fun, the very air in the town square as civilians prepared for these events seemed vibrant.
“—scender?”
I turned to see Sembi and Chumo waiting for me.
“It’s this way, esteemed ascender,” Sembi said, gesturing me toward a domed building with a long portico supported by columns similar in design to the ones in the edifice that housed the portal leading to the main entrance.
Once inside, I was guided to the front counter in an otherwise empty building where an obviously bored young woman was fiddling with her brown hair tied back tightly in a bun.
Chumo leaned his elbow on the front counter. “Hey, Loreni.”
“Skipping work again for a snack, Chumo?” Loreni asked, not bothering to look up. “Be careful. It’s how you and Sembi got stuck guarding the Descension Chamber. Honest to Vritra, I don’t know why the old man bothers placing guards there when there hasn’t been an ascender come out from that portal in years. If it were me—”
“Uhh, Loreni?” Sembi chimed in, nervously glancing between me and the girl who had now moved onto getting dirt from underneath her nails.
Loreni finally looked up with an annoyed gaze. “Wha—Oh!”
Her eyes widened and her cheeks flushed as Loreni stood up and smoothed out her blouse. “W-Who is... this?”
“He’s an ascender,” Chumo whispered, leaning in closer.
I didn’t think the girl’s eyes could open any wider, but they did. “Oh my! My apologies for the rude behavior, esteemed ascender. W-We don’t get many ascenders here so I had no reason to assume that there’d be...oh my, I should stop talking now. Are you here to meet the town chief? Of course you are, that was a silly question. Right this way!”
Loreni guided me through a corridor, often peeking back before nervously turning away while Sembi and Chumo snickered behind me. We arrived in the town chief’s office, modestly decorated with a desk and two leather couches facing each other separated by an oval tea table.
“Chief Mason, our town’s leader, will be here shortly. Please make yourself comfortable while I get you something to drink!” Loreni exclaimed as she bowed.
After taking another long ‘peek’ at me, she dipped her head once more and practically scurried out of the room while Chumo and Sembi stood guard outside the door.
I found myself staring at the door. Hearing Loreni whisper out some profanity at the two guards through the door, I couldn’t help but stifle a laugh.
‘It’s been a while since you laughed,’ Regis mused.
It’s been a while since I’d been around so many idiots, I quipped, leaning back into the couch as Regis mentally nodded in agreement.
Taking a moment to open the window behind me, I took in the gentle breeze that flowed through, carrying along the chatter and sounds from the town square. Laughter, both young and old, chimed like melodic bells that nearly lulled me to sleep.
I took it all in while my mind replayed all I had gone through. Fighting not only to live but to grow stronger from the moment I had woken up. I had lost Sylvie and was separated from my loved ones with no way of knowing how they were doing.
But in this brief moment, I was at peace as it finally dawned upon me...
I had made it out of those hellish Relictombs.





Chapter 276
Chapter 276: The Town Chief
The brief moment of peace I had while waiting for the town chief didn’t last very long as rapid footsteps approached, growing louder until the door swung open.
I opened my eyes, a bit startled to see a bear of a man with bulging lumps of muscles for arms and a long white beard that flowed down to his wide chest.
Panic crossed his aged but energetic face as he immediately fell to his knees with a thud. “This one deserves to die for putting esteemed ascender through such inconveniences! Sembian and Chumorith are ignorant of the ways outside of this measly town and did not mean to offend esteemed ascender. Please forgive them as I am the one to blame for their lack of wisdom.”
The large elder whipped his head back. “Sembian! Chumorith! Get down on your—”
“It’s fine,” I cut in. “There is no reason for you to ask for forgiveness.”
Locking eyes with the two guards, I allowed a small smile. “Chumo and Sembi’s antics were...entertaining, especially after getting out of the Relictombs.”
I could literally see the elder’s body deflate in relief as he remained on his knees. “Thank you for your benevolence, esteemed ascender.”
“Please, get up,” I said, gesturing to the couch in front of me. “Chief Mason, right?”
“Yes!” he exclaimed.
While taking a seat, I noticed the dirt on his hands.
“Ah! My apologies for my unkempt state, I was helping out with the renovation of our coliseum. We’re a little behind for the upcoming events,” the chief explained, looking down at his hands.
“Your two guards told me about the bestowment and exhibition coming up in the next few days,” I replied.
“Yes! It’s our town’s turn to host the exhibition. If esteemed ascender wishes to attend, we can definitely set up an announcement and—”
“There’s no need. I plan to leave soon,” I interjected respectfully. “I would’ve left immediately but there was something I needed anyway.”
“Yes! I will be happy to help in any way I can.” The town chief paused and gave me an embarrassed look. “But, I do need to verify esteemed ascender’s license and belongings. It’s not that I don’t believe that you are an ascender, but as the chief in charge of overseeing this town’s Descension Chamber, I’m required to verify any ascender that exits the portal.”
I hesitated for a moment. While the fake markings I had received should pass, I didn’t have a license. Meanwhile, the town chief hurried to his desk where he retrieved what looked like an obsidian pocket watch.
Turning around, I lifted the teal cloak that I wore over my otherwise black outfit to show the elder the markings engraved over my spine.
I could hear the elder inhale sharply. “Amazing. I recognize some of it but I’ve never seen such complicated markings, esteemed ascender. Three distinct imprints and judging by the complexity of the top marking, it has to be an emblem.”
“Please, stop referring to me as ‘esteemed ascender.’” Lowering my clothes, I sat back down. “As for my license, unfortunately, I lost my dimension ring carrying all my belongings in one of the floors. But I do have this.”
I took out the white dagger, in its embroidered sheath.
“This...” The town chief’s eyes bulged as he carefully reached for the dagger as if it were a newborn. “If I’m not mistaken, this is Highblood Denoir’s insignia. Is estee—are you an ascender under their blood?”
“Yes,” I lied as I watched him inspect the dagger.
“This is more than enough verification of your status, esteemed ascender,” the town chief said, handing the weapon back to me with both hands. “It’s an honor to be in your presence.”
“I may not be here for much longer, but please keep this information to yourself.”
“Yes, of course!” The elder nodded furiously. “My inquirer shows that you have no relics on you, so you are clear in all sense!”
“Wait. So that artifact can sense relics?” I asked, leaning forward to get a closer look.

“It has a very limited range, but yes,” the town chief said with a furrowed brow. “Have you never been checked by an inquirer after your ascents?”
I cleared my throat, feigning embarrassment. “To be honest. This was my first ascent. I made a blunder and lost the simulet that was in my ring, separating me from my team, fairly early on.”
“Oh no,” the elder gasped, clearly interested. “That’s horrible. Thankfully, you came out alive.”
“Yes. I got lucky to be close to a portal in the next zone,” I said.
I explained my situation using as much Alacryan vocabulary as possible to not sound as ignorant as I actually was about the whole system, and it seemed to work. Quickly changing the subject, I leaned forward. “But anyway. I know we’re in a town called Maerin, but I’m not exactly sure where that is in Alacrya. Is there a map that you can part with so I can be on my way?”
“Maps are pretty rare around these parts but a travelling merchant came by with copied maps several weeks ago so I actually do have some,” the town chief said, going back to his desk. “Might I ask your destination?”
His innocent question left me stumped. I didn’t have a specific destination in mind aside from my obligation to return the dagger to Caera in the capital of the central domain.
“Aha! Here it is.” The town chief came back and unrolled a large parchment that spilled over the oval tea table. On it was a piece of land that oddly resembled the side-view of a horned skull with its mouth open and a large curved bump protruding from the northern end. Alacrya was segmented into five parts with a thick line separating the north, east, west, south, and center.
“How far is the journey to the central domain?” I asked.
“Well, seeing as we’re at the southern tip of the eastern domain,” he answered, pointing to a small dot on the map. “It would take around five months on foot or about sixty or so days in a carriage.”
My eyes widened as I stared at the map. “That long?”
“This is the normal way, of course,” the town chief replied. “There are teleportation gates available in the major cities. The price is hefty but if you show them your dagger, you should be able to travel for free.”
I didn’t want to show off the dagger too frequently in case I attracted unwanted attention, but it was nice to have this as a backup alternative.
Studying the map, I pointed to the city marked closest to the town we were in. “How far is Aramoor City from here then?”
“It’s just short of two weeks by carriage if conditions permit,” Chief Mason answered with a weary chuckle.
I let out a sigh. “We’re...really on the outskirts, aren’t we?”
“Aye. Truth be told, settlements with Descension Chambers that have a very low operation rate don’t get dimension gates built for fast travel.”
Piecing together what Loreni said and what the chief confirmed, this portal that I had stepped through only seemed to be able to allow ascenders to leave the Relictombs, not enter.
Leading off with that train of thought, I asked the town chief, “So does Aramoor City have an Ascension Chamber?”
“Of course!” The bear-of-a-man huffed. “Aramoor may be a small city in the outskirts of the Eastern Domain, but even we have an Ascension Chamber!”
“I see...” I muttered, taken aback. “My apologies. I rarely leave the Central Domain.”
The chief’s eyes bulged. “Oh n-no offense taken, esteemed ascender. Please don’t apologize! It is rare indeed for Highbloods of the Central Domain to travel this far out!”
With a polite smile, I went back to studying the map.
Travelling to the Central Domain right now wasn’t necessary but going into the next Relictombs was. It didn’t seem like the specific Ascension Chamber used to enter the Relictombs determined where you ended up once inside, so my first stop would be Aramoor City.
Travelling on foot was probably faster than getting a horse but it would still take over a week to get there since I didn’t know the land very well.
As I was thinking over my options, Loreni entered. “Excuse my intrusion. I’ve brought some tea and snacks.”
“Perfect timing, Loreni,” the chief said. “Our esteemed ascender’s destination seems to be to Aramoor City. Make some arrangements to prepare a horse and a guide for him.”
“Of course!” Loreni placed the tray carefully onto the table and turned to leave when she abruptly stopped. “Ah!”

Both the chief and I raised our heads.
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to startle you both,” Loreni whispered. “But perhaps the fastest and most comfortable way for esteemed ascender to get to Aramoor might be to just wait?”

The chief raised a brow. “What do you mean?”
“I’m sure you’ve heard the rumors, Chief Mason, but I just got a confirmation letter today confirming that a representative from Stormcove Academy is actually visiting Maerin to spectate and maybe even recruit one of our student mages,” Loreni explained.
“Ah!” The town chief snapped his finger in realization. “Stormcove Academy has a tempus warp!”
Just as I was about to ask Regis for some clarification on what a tempus warp was, the town chief turned to me excitedly.
“This is great news! If esteemed ascender stays until the representative from Stormcove Academy arrives, I’m sure they will be more than happy to take you back with them. This way, you can just go through the temporary gate and arrive in Aramoor City immediately.”
I nodded calmly, while internally, I was still trying to wrap my head around the idea of a school official in a small city having access to such powerful technology.
‘It’s probably not as powerful as the one that the Alacryan who invaded Xyrus Academy used in order to enter and escape with Elijah...or is it Nico now?’ Regis clarified.
It was still hard to swallow, but it made sense that Agrona’s people had access to this technology since he had been dabbling in aether since long ago. And as astonishing as it was that a mere representative of a school had access to such technology, it gave me hope.
The person from Stormcove Academy might not have a tempus warp powerful enough for intercontinental teleportation, but someone higher might. If I could acquire one, travelling between Alacrya and Dicathen might not take as long as I had originally thought.
‘Don’t get your hopes up. If Uto’s memories are any indication, Agrona is probably the only one that has one and it’s not like he’ll just let anyone use it.’
Yeah. My life has never been that easy, I responded internally.
Standing up, I regarded both Loreni and Chief Mason. “Thank you both for your help. It seems like I’ll need to rely on your hospitality for a few more days then.”
The town chief bolted up to his feet, excitement radiating from his wrinkled face. “That’s great! There are a few homes left vacant for important visitors! They’re most likely shabby cottages compared to esteemed ascender’s estate in the Central Domain but please feel free to use one!”
“I’ll be in your care then,” I said with a faint smile. “And my name is Grey.”
“Ascender Grey of Blood Denoir,” the town chief muttered as both he and Loreni bowed before me. “It’s an honor to meet you.”
After handing me the map, the town chief had Loreni escort me to the villa that I would be staying in for the next few days.
Unsurprisingly, Chumo and Sembi had remained next to the doors, keeping guard. When the two tried to follow along to protect us, Loreni shot them down with a glare as she whispered, “Protect who? Esteemed ascender’s left pinky toe is enough to beat you two.”
Leaving the two withering guards to console each other, the two of us left the administration building.
“You keep staring at me,” I mentioned, making Loreni stiffen.
“A-Ah I, uh...my apologies, esteemed ascender,” she stammered.
“I know I’m an ascender but do I look that different from the people you usually see?”
Loreni lowered her gaze. “It’s actually my first time seeing an ascender in person. And a man as...pretty as you.”
Regis let out a chortle.
“You didn’t mistake me for a woman, right?” I asked, still conscious of my new appearance for some reason.
She blushed, eyes wide. “Oh no! Not at all. It’s just that your eyes are so golden and features so sharp that it’s...very different from the boorish men that hunt mana beasts for a living.”

The mention of my eye colors put a knot in my chest that I quickly swallowed. Loreni must’ve noticed my change in expression though.
“I hope you weren’t offended by any of our behavior, Ascender Grey. Our town chief is probably the only one that has come across an ascender before, and while I had been taught the proper etiquette of talking to an ascender, Chumo and Sembi have not.”
“Based on how you all behave around me, it seems like ascenders tend to be pretty vain,” I noted, ignoring the gazes of everyone around us.
“O-Oh no, I mean...our town is a very remote and insignificant part of the Eastern Domain, much less all of Alacrya. It’s understandable that we don’t amount to much in the eyes of the great ascenders,” she explained with a wary chuckle.
‘Elite mages being asses to the less-inclined? Not very hard to believe,’ Regis chimed in.
We walked in relative silence throughout most of the short walk to the villa that was on a gated path just off the edge of town proper. The dirt road led up to a seclusion in a ring of trees where three single-story houses faced each other, each with a grass lot divided by a tall white fence.
“This will be where you’ll stay for the next six days until the exhibition ends. The town chief will notify the representative from Stormcove Academy of your presence and request them to take you along when they take the tempus warp back to Aramoor City,” Loreni informed as she opened the fence leading to the rear house on the left. “There will be a guard stationed at the gate to the path leading up here and an attendant will be sent your way to help you with anything you need.”
“Thank you,” I said with a smile.
“Of course,” she replied while handing me the keys. “Were there any questions you had for me before I leave you to rest?”
“Just one.” I turned, looking past the high brick walls that surrounded the town. I could see several hills filled with trees. Based on the map, past those hills was the southeastern coast of Alacrya. “You mentioned mages hunting mana beasts for a living earlier. Is anyone allowed to hunt here?”
“Yes! This area is known for the high population of rocavids indegenous to this part of the country. Their hides are very popular to make leather and their hooves are often used to make tools,” she answered as if reading out of a manual. “Why do you ask?”
I rubbed my neck. “I lost most of my belongings during my last ascent so I need some money.”
Loreni’s eyes widened, “The town chief can provide you with gold, esteemed ascender! There’s no need for you to work!”
“It’s okay,” I chuckled. “I also want to stretch my limbs from time to time.”
“Ah, as expected of an ascender. There are more powerful mana beasts the more north you travel into the woods, but please take caution. Much of this area hasn’t been explored yet.”
I nodded. “I’ll keep that in mind. Now if you’ll excuse me, I should wash up and get some rest.”
Stepping into the villa, while modest and decorated minimally, it was clean. From an integrated water system to even plumbing that I hadn’t expected in such a remote place, it had everything I needed to rest somewhat comfortably.
“Finally, some fresh air,” Regis said as he leaped out of me and cat-stretched. He trotted around the one bedroom villa, sniffing the gray leather couch and looking through the metal container inside the kitchen.
“I know you look like a dog, but is it necessary for you to act like one?” I teased, taking off my clothes.
“Wolf,” Regis corrected. “And no. For some reason, with my transformation, my nose is the most sensitive to aether, which is basically food for me.”
“Good to know.” I stepped into the shower, pumping the lever until cold water began pouring down the dispenser.
After washing myself and my clothes, I picked out a pair of tan trousers and one of the few shirts that didn’t have a gaping hole down the back. It was also the first time I had gotten the chance to look at myself clearly for the first time. The metal sheet that served as a mirror showed a man that looked to be in his early twenties, thin yet toned with broad shoulders. Aside from the rune running down my back and on the underside of my right forearm, I didn’t have a scar or blemish on my athletic body.
The face that stared back at me in the mirror was one I still wasn’t used to seeing. I still had traces of Arthur in me minus the small scars that I had accumulated through the years. My eyes were still large, but seemed colder and the auburn head of hair that I had grown used to were now stripped of color. My wheat colored hair seemed almost gray and it fell just above my shoulder in locks still dripping water.
With where I was now, it was actually great that I had a new appearance—that way I didn’t have to worry about someone recognizing me as the Lance that killed thousands if not more of their people. But what I worried over was how everyone I knew would take it. How would my mother and sister treat me when they saw me like this? How would Tess?
“Still not used to it?” Regis asked, walking up to me.
I put on the black shirt and walked away, combing my hair back with my hands. “No.”
“You’re still you, Princess,” he tried to comfort, following me as I sunk down on the couch facing the window overlooking the fenced yard.
“I know that.” I let out a sigh. “I just hope that everyone else does too.”
Anxious and impatient to progress in whatever way I could, I withdrew the relic out of the extradimensional storage rune.
The ancient mage had said this wasn’t an edict or an artifact of any sort but more of a guide that would help me unlock a specific edict of aether.
“He could’ve at least told me what branch it was,” I muttered, studying the surface of the stone cube.
Clearly seeing nothing significant on the surface of the stone, I imbued aether into it.
As soon as my aether touched the cube, a foreign aetheric substance from the cube reached back out to me, filling my vision with a blanket of glowing purple.





Chapter 277
Chapter 277: One Step Forward
As my vision was flooded in a sea of purple, I could feel my aether core slowly draining. As my senses entered the stone cube, I attempted to look deeper inside. It felt like the further in I ‘traveled’, the more difficult it became. As I wafted through this space, the mud-like viscosity soon thickened and hardened until eventually it felt like I was pushing against a brick wall.
Even while I was disconnected from my body, I could feel my breath coming up short and ragged, as if I was breathing through a wet cloth. Straining to push through this wall stopping me from venturing forth, I pumped more aether out of my core until finally I was able to shift through the wall.
To describe the experience of my mind touching the surface of the cuboid relic into words would be undermining the sheer complexity of it all.
Geometric shapes in seemingly random patterns and movements floated around me. I couldn’t see an end to how far these polyhedrons went but for some reason, I knew that there was a boundary within this chaos.
As more aether flowed out from my core and into this realm within the relic, the polyhedrons began to change. I was no longer just observing but actually affecting these geometric shapes as if my aether was resonating with these things.
I found myself lost in a trance as I tried to make heads or tails out of the patterns, movements, shapes, and sizes of all of these polyhedrons that made up this realm within the relic. Using the aether within me as the metaphorical limbs, I combined, sorted, and categorized these polyhedrons in an effort to understand what this convoluted guidebook was trying to tell me.
Finally, when my aether reserves fell to around a tenth of its capacity, I was pulled out of the realm. As my consciousness returned, I found myself seated in the same position I had been on the couch. The only thing that had changed was that the room—once brightly lit by the afternoon sun—was now almost completely dark.
“You’re finally done?” Regis asked, lifting his head while curled up beside me.
I stared at the crescent sun. “How long have I been out?”
“About five or six hours. I lost count after falling asleep.”
“You need sleep?” I asked.
Regis let out a wide yawn before answering. “It’s like a battery-saver mode. I consume less aether when I’m asleep so I can accumulate more ambient aether.”
“What a peculiar dog you are.”
“Shove it,” he groused before hopping off the couch. “So did you learn anything from the cube?”
“I don’t even know what I’m supposed to be learning.” I let out a sigh. “And the worst part is that I use up aether trying to study this piece of rock.”
“Damn, and I thought learning this reality-bending ability was going to be easy,” Regis said sarcastically as he walked away.
I kicked him below the tail, getting a sharp yelp out of my companion.
“Never thought I’d miss the days when I was incorporeal,” he grumbled before turning to me. “So what’s the plan now?”
I paused, thinking for a moment. “We have a few days to kill anyway so we might as well learn a bit more about the locals. The bestowment event is something I’d want to check out along with the schools tomorrow.”
Regis looked at me silently with a slightly stunned expression.
I frowned. “What is it?”

“Nothing. It’s just that, I thought you’d be scratching off your skin trying to find some way to get to the next Relictombs or something,” he muttered.
“I have been pretty on-edge lately, haven’t I?” I scratched my cheek.
Regis shrugged, his mane of purple fire fluttering. “It’s understandable. I don’t have a family aside from you but I’d be pretty nervous if I didn’t know what was going on with the ones I cared about.”
I stood silent, taken aback by Regis’ nonchalant mention of me as his family. It never occurred to me that he didn’t have anyone else except me. Even in this canine form of his, did I still see Regis as a weapon?
Regis narrowed his eyes. “What. Why are you staring at me like that?”
“I-It’s nothing.” I got up from my seat and headed toward the door.
“Where are we going?” he asked, trotting along behind me.
“Didn’t you hear what Loreni said earlier? There are a ton of mana beasts just outside of town.” I shot my companion a smirk. “I haven’t had the chance to really practice the limits of God Step.”
“We get to stretch our legs a bit and earn some money.” Regis mirrored my smirk. “Sounds good.”
***
I breathed in the crisp night air, our feet crunching against the foliage as the two of us rushed through the woods. We wanted to get further away from the town in case someone spotted us using aether, but that didn’t mean we didn’t kill a few rocavids on the way. These massive deer-like mana beasts had antlers not only on their heads, but down their spine and thick tails that they used as deadly clubs.
Deadly for normal mages, anyway. The mana beast couldn’t even react as I sunk my dagger between their eyes, since their hides were what was what we would need to sell.
Regis had a harder time keeping his kills clean, but between the two of us, it took less than an hour to hunt down half a dozen of the rocavids roaming around the dead of night. The only reason we stopped was because we ran out of space in the extradimensional rune.
“I thought the talking crystal said you can’t put organic things into the rune on your arm,” Regis commented as we neared a small clearing that led to the base of the hill.
“It seems like I can only put it in once they’re dead,” I answered, my eyes spotting a large boulder in the center of the clearing.
Stopping in front of the boulder that stood at least a foot over me, the words, ‘Danger. High-level mana beasts ahead’ were carved with ominous splashes of dried blood on its surface.
We crossed over to the other side of the clearing, where the ground began to gradually slope up as we trekked up the hill. While my vision had been enhanced by my new physique, being unable to sense mana now made finding mana beasts a much more challenging task.
While I was able to augment my senses using this new source of magic, I’d been unable to find a way to utilize aether to sense non-aetheric beings and objects.
However, not having any sort of mana signature coming from me or Regis meant that the stronger and more predatory wildlife here saw us as an easy meal.
The first mana beast that came after us was one I hadn’t seen before in Dicathen. It reminded me of my sister’s bond, Boo, if he had four arms and a crocodile-like jaw with three rows of serrated teeth.
“Keep watch in case of any passerbys,” I ordered Regis while I faced the beast.
With a gruesome snarl, the bear got down on all six of its limbs and charged at me with surprising speed. Putting away my dagger, I faced it head on.
While my aether reserves hadn’t been fully restored, tonight’s goal was merely to test out my new godrune. I didn’t know what tier this mana beast would be classified under but it would serve as a good guinea pig.

Aether surged out of my core, clinging to my skin. As the familiar warmth of the rune spread from my lower back, I focused on the location I would try to land.
The experience of initiating the aether art this time felt completely different from when I had first used it. My perception of the world around me changed, as if everything had been stretched in all directions. Particles of ambient aether now conjoined and looked like intertwining streams of purple coursing in the air, creating fluid pathways that interconnected and branched off.

Taking a ‘step’, I felt my body being carried by a jet stream as I rode the currents of aether. The problem was that there was no direct ‘route’ to the location I had determined—I had to ride these currents of aether that branched off to every inch of space that surrounded me. These streams didn’t extend infinitely though. The streams surrounded me in a ten yard radius, which was probably my current range of God Step.
Despite my limits, the result was astounding. Although my landing location wasn’t as accurate as I would’ve liked it to be, I had traveled ten yards in the blink of an eye.
The biggest difference between God Step and Burst Step, however, was the control of momentum. Since I was no longer bound by the inertia upon reaching my destination, it really felt like I was on the cusp of reaching true teleportation.
Tendrils of violet lightning coiled around me from using God Step as I appeared just beside the charging bear-like mana beast. It skidded to a stop but by the time it turned around, my aether-clad fist had already sunken into its side.
The beast’s giant body tumbled on the ground, crashing and breaking several trees in its path.
‘Are you setting off explosives or something?’ Regis voiced his complaints.
Sorry. I held back.
Due to its thick, mana-coated fur, the bear still lived but it scuttled away, letting out low whimpers.
I continued scouring through the woods, training God Step while hunting down mana beasts until the rocavid corpses within my ring had all been replaced.
Regis hunted as well, which allowed me to see what level he was at. Aside from the distance that we could be apart and his increasing capacity to hold aether, Regis’ growth in terms of strength wasn’t at a level where he could keep up with me. He needed to consume more aether, but the problem was, so did I.
Apart from collecting the relics, both in the Relictombs and out here in Alacrya, I needed to get my aether reserves large enough to awaken Sylvie from her comatose state.
“You okay?” Regis asked as we neared the base of the hill. “You’re rubbing your left arm again.”
“I’m fine,” I said, sticking my hands in my pockets.
Getting closer to town, Regis retreated back into my body and I found myself enjoying the quiet night, right up until I neared the site of a rocavid corpse I had left behind to make space in my extradimensional rune.
There was a figure, whose small frame indicated they couldn’t be older than ten, ripping apart the rocavid.
Hearing me approach, the child’s head shot up, looking around frantically until our eyes locked. The small boy leapt to his feet, pointing the jagged knife that he had been using to skin the rocavid. His sunken cheeks and tattered clothes spoke volumes of his status but it was his eyes that made me pause. His eyes were filled with desperation and fear as he stood between me and the rocavid corpse, but at the same time, I could see the determination within them.
His gaze reminded me of... me. Not as Arthur, but as Grey. It was the same gaze that I had when I first met Headmaster Wilbeck when she first found me on the streets.
“Boy,” I called out, eliciting a startled step back from the little kid. “Do you plan on using that knife on me?”
The kid slowly lowered his knife, wavering, before he lifted it back up and stepped toward me. “Th-This rocavid is mine.”
I tilted my head. “Did you kill it?”

He paused, lowering his head. “No...”
I stepped toward him. “Then why is it yours?”
“I f-found it first. I hid and waited but there wasn’t anybody to claim it,” the boy spoke, his tenor voice haggard but strong.
“What do you plan on doing with it?”
The boy held his ground as I continued to walk toward him, holding his trembling knife aloft. “My family needs it. If I can sell the hide, we can eat.”
I let out a scoff. “Wouldn’t it be simpler to just eat the rocavid’s meat?”
His shoulders slumped. “I...can’t carry it.”
I walked toward the boy without responding, startling him. Instead of backing away, however, he charged toward me with one hand over the other gripping the knife that was pointed at me.
Tripping his feet while slapping the knife out of his hands in one quick motion, the boy fell face first on the ground. Shaken but still determined to fight for the rocavid corpse, he jumped back up to his feet and lunged toward me with bare hands.
I side stepped and tripped him once more before picking up the corpse by its back legs. “Where’s your house?”
The boy got up, confused by my question.
I tilted my head. “Didn’t you want this corpse?”
“Yes!” he quickly sputtered. He whirled around and began to lead the way before stopping. Turning toward me, he gave me a fearful gaze. “Y-You’re not going to hurt my family, right?”
Staring at the boy, I let out a sigh. “What’s your name, boy?”
“Belmun,” he said warily.
“I’ll leave this close enough to your house where you can have your family come and help you take it after I leave,” I replied. “Does that sound okay?”
Belmun nodded before scurrying off. I smelled Belmun’s house before I could see it—the area that Chumo and Sembi had told me about. Shacks made from splintered wood and other discarded material lined the fenced ‘zone’ on the outskirts of the town. Torches were sparsely lit, leaving most of the homes shrouded in darkness.
“You can just leave that here,” Belmun said.
“Yeah,” I muttered, my gaze still taking in the sight in front of me.
To my surprise, Belmun bowed, his tattered clothes showing his exposed ribs. He gave me a toothy grin that finally made him look like a child. “Thank you, Sir.”
I arrived back at my residence, my mind unable to forget what I had seen. Even in Dicathen, the few slaves that I had seen before they had become banned were in better shape than Belmun.
“Didn’t think you were such an altruist,” Regis said, curling up on the leather couch. “Especially considering your hate for Alacryans.”
“I’m not an altruist,” I retorted, taking a seat as well. “He just reminded me of someone.”
Regis just shrugged before going back into his battery-saver mode. Although he didn’t need to breathe, the purple fire-like mane around his nape started pulsating rhythmically and I could see the aether particles slowly being absorbed by him.
As the peaceful silence lingered in the air, I checked what I had. I wasn’t a king anymore, nor was I a lance. The only things I had were my clothes, Caera’s knife, Sylvie’s stone, the relic cube, and corpses of some mana beasts.
Still, despite my limited belongings, the thing that weighed the most on my mind was the little kid. This was the society that Agrona had created. A society where—even more so than Dicathen and even my previous world—without strength, you were tossed aside as trash.
It’s not my place to intervene, I reminded myself. I have bigger things to worry about.
With sleep eluding me, I began meditating, refining the ambient aether into my core with a bitter taste in my mouth. From the bestowment tomorrow, to the exhibition and even beyond that, I was curious but also afraid to see what this continent would have in store for me. This continent ruled by deities that only saw these people as weapons and tools.





Chapter 278
Chapter 278: The Day of Bestowment
A soft knock on the front door snapped my eyes open. Spending the entire night refining my aether core had increased not only the amount of aether I could store but the speed at which the aether travelled through my newly-forged passages as well. The improvement was miniscule compared to my time in the Relictombs, but any amount of progress felt better than sitting by idly.
“Ascender Grey,” a soft voice called out through the door.
After getting up and having Regis withdraw back into my body, I opened the wooden entrance to see a girl that looked like Loreni, except a few years younger and with longer hair, waiting timidly.
For a moment she simply stared at me as I waited for her to speak, her mouth slightly ajar.
“Yes?” I finally asked.
“Ah!” She shook her head. “My apologies, Ascender Grey. My name is Mayla and I’ve been instructed by my sist—Loreni to assist esteemed ascender during your stay in Maerin.”
So they are sisters, I mused before replying. “You came at a good time, Mayla. I was actually wondering when the bestowment would be happening today.”
“It’s not until later this afternoon so Ascender Grey has some time to rest and get ready if you wish to attend,” she answered, keeping her gaze downcast.
“It’s actually getting a little stuffy in here so I’d like to take a stroll. Would you mind accompanying me?”
“Of course!” Mayla exclaimed.
“Ah, before that, though. I have a cart filled with mana beast corpses. Can you get a few men to bring it down to whichever shop I could sell them to?”
“Right away!” Mayla gave me a quick bow before scurrying back to town.
After she was gone, I used one of the empty horse-pulled wagons in the back of the house and began taking the beast corpses out of my extradimensional rune.
‘Is all this necessary?’ Regis asked.
“The story we’re going with is that I lost my dimension ring, remember?”
By the time Mayla came back with three burly townsmen, I had finished piling the corpses on the surprisingly sturdy wagon.
“Th-This...” A bearded man sporting a tank top to show off his muscles paled at the sight of the mana beasts while his two companions stepped back in shock.
I frowned. “Is there a problem?”
“N-N-None at all, esteemed ascender,” the bearded man said, carefully poking the leg of the bear-like mana beast. “It’s just that...these beasts are considered dangerous to even a team of mid-tier mages.”
With no reference to how powerful a mid-tier mage actually was, I just shrugged. “Please take these to town and give the money to either Mayla or Loreni.”
“Yes!” The three bowed once more before the bearded man began lugging the cart while his two companions pushed from the back.
Mayla and I took our time walking down the small hill leading back down to the downtown plaza of Maerin when I noticed her looking at the rune on my right forearm.
“Is something the matter?” I asked, suddenly very conscious that having a rune on your arm might be abnormal.
“My apologies for staring, Ascender Grey,” she said, peeling her eyes away. “I’ve heard many nobles and even highbloods have rune glyphs tattooed on their bodies but it’s my first time seeing one in person.”
“O-Oh,” I muttered. “Is it not popular in these parts?”
“Permanent ink capable of withstanding the properties of mana flowing through the skin is very rare and expensive to come by, and laws are very strict around these inks because it can be used to forge fake marks—which is why tattooing near the back is strictly forbidden—so rather than it being popular...” Mayla let out a chuckle as she rubbed her arm nervously. “My apologies, Ascender Grey. I’m sure you already know this.”
“It seems like you and the rest of the townspeople resort to apologizing very often,” I commented with a smile. “It’s fine. You seem very knowledgeable about this. Are you a mage yourself?”
“Oh not at all! Although...today is also the day of my bestowment,” she admitted, flushing with embarrassment.
“Congratulations in advance,” I remarked as we neared the gate to town. “Any particular element or class you’d like to be in?”
“Even though I know I’m a bit on the older side and my chances are low, I would very much like to be an instiller. I know that casters and strikers are the most sought after in academies and powerful bloods, but I’m no good at fighting,” Mayla admitted.
I pondered for a moment at her words. I had heard of the three classes of battle mages as well as the supporting ‘sentry’ class. In Aya’s brief, there was a detailed account of the powerful sentry who had managed to use her magic to create a path in the magical Elshire Forest for the Alacryan army to invade Elenoir.

Her name was...something Milview if I recall correctly. I also knew that she was just one of the many mages capable of using elemental magic to scout and scry long distances, however, I had never heard of instillers.
“What do you want to do as an instiller?” I asked, hoping to gain more information about this class.
“I want to create necessary artifacts to help the impoverished people all over Alacrya,” Mayla effused, eyes suddenly vibrant. “For example, I know that there are artifacts capable of purifying water but they’re currently too expensive to make on a large scale. However, I’ve done some research and realized that not all the components for the artifact are necessary and a lot of them can be replaced with cheaper materials so—”
Mayla let out a gasp and bowed at me. “I didn’t mean to lecture you, esteemed ascender.”
“I was the one who asked the question, Mayla,” I remarked. “It’d be silly for me to get angry because you answered me. Especially when you’re so excited.”
Mayla reminded me of Emily back in Dicathen. Her excitement and passion for artificing was second to none. The thought of my curly-haired friend made my chest squeeze.
“A-Anyway, did Ascender Grey have anywhere in mind to go first?”
“Since the mana beast corpses will be taken care of, do you mind if we stop by the schools?”
“Certainly! It would be an honor if esteemed ascender visited! I know the students at our striker school would love to get some pointers—of course that’s only if esteemed ascender wishes to,” Mayla said.
The irony of training the future soldiers that would ultimately attack Dicathen caused a laugh to burst out of my mouth. I covered my mouth with my hand, trying to stifle my laughter.
Mayla regarded me with utter confusion. “D-Did I say something odd?”
“No, it’s...nothing,” I said, composing myself. “Anyway, let’s take a look through the academies.”
***
The visit to the caster school was brief. They were having practice outside today so I could see over the fence surrounding the training grounds each of the caster students participating in target practice shooting bolts of pure mana. From the power of their spell, to the amount they could fire as well as the accuracy, each of the kids showed varying levels of competency.
‘How cute,’ Regis remarked.
“It doesn’t seem like these students are using their marks,” I noted.
“The students here are still adjusting to their marks so they’re not yet allowed to utilize their elemental magic yet. Once they’ve been deemed a base tier mage, they’ll be allowed to practice the elemental spell their marks carry,” Mayla explained as we watched from the other side of the metal fence.
She turned her head left and right as if looking for something before letting out a gasp. “Ah! I forgot that the primary students are practicing in the arena today in preparation for the upcoming exhibition. My apologies, esteemed ascender. Both the instructors and students are much more excited this year because of the recruiter coming from Stormcove Academy.”
“Is Stormcove Academy that much of a prestigious place?” I asked, genuinely curious.
Mayla thought for a moment before answering. “Well, it is an official academy so students accepted will have housing and basic needs provided for them within the campus to be fully immersed in training. Stormcove is also one of the higher ranked academies in not only Aramoor City but the entire Grevorind Region. That being said, this is still all relative.”
The two of us began making our way to the shield school as Mayla continued to explain.
“Compared to the elite academies in the rest of the Etril Dominion and even the other four dominions, which have even more prestigious academies, I guess Stormcove isn’t much. It’s why esteemed ascender has most likely never heard of Stormcove Academy.” Mayla rubbed her neck as she blushed slightly. “I can only imagine how pitiful our schools look compared to prestigious highblood academies in the central domain.”
I remained silent while taking in all of this information. It seemed like the entire economy in Alacrya glorified self-improvement in strength and was even centered around it. Was this all funded by Agrona? I couldn’t imagine a viable way for a proper economy to form around just training and getting stronger aside from hunting mana beasts and going down the Relictombs.
“D-Did I talk too much again, esteemed ascender? My sister, I mean, Loreni, often berates me for this.”
“No! I like it,” I answered quickly. Mayla was a goldmine for information and the best part was that I didn’t have to ask questions that might normally be common sense. I stopped mid-step, alarming the little girl. “Mayla, do you know what dungeons are?”
“Dungeons? Of course—my mother would tell me the story all the time as a child,” she answered. “It really is amazing how the great Vritras led by the mighty Agrona vanquished all of those dangerous dungeons in order to keep us safe.”
It was both hard and easy to imagine Agrona and the rest of his clan wiping out all of the dungeons in order to build an economy around exploring the Relictombs.
“What do you know about the other continent then?” I asked, studying her expression.
“Dicathen?” Mayla tilted her head. “I’ve heard stories from passing merchants about how savage and undeveloped they are. It’s scary to think of an entire continent where mages run amok and dungeons still exist. Thankfully, Sovereign Agrona has decided to liberate them.”
“Liberate?” I echoed, pushing down the fiery rage rising up from my core. “I see.”
The shield academy was a bit more entertaining, but we didn’t stay long either. Mayla guessed that the primary class of the shields were also in the arena since the shields and casters often trained together. It made sense seeing as the shield’s practice was to either take damage for their teammates if they were a melee shield or create defenses from afar if they were a ranged shield.
After watching the secondary class focus on doing movement drills while maintaining a stable shroud of protective mana over their bodies.
Finally we arrived at the striker school, where both the primary and secondary students were present and currently about to spar.
“Remember, release and focus your mana from your core to the rune glyphs that make up your mark! Pay attention to the warmth that spreads from your mark and let that feeling guide you. Don’t try to control it!” advised a scowling woman garbed in a layered robe of muted colors.

Despite her salt-and-pepper hair and the wrinkles lining her face exposing her age, she carried herself with poise as she strode around the two students wearing padded leather practice-gear while the rest of the class sat against the walls.
From what I could tell in the gaps of the protective headgear that they wore, the two students looked around the same age as Mayla. Each one of them fought barehand and even without being able to sense mana, a faint shroud of white clung to their bodies.
“Begin!” the woman barked.

The two students that were facing each other in a neutral stance, a girl and a boy, triggered their spells with surprising swiftness.
The girl’s spell materialized first—a short blade of fire surrounding her open palms. She dashed toward the boy who was barely able to conjure his bracers of fire in time to block her first strike.
Their two flames intertwined from the impact as the boy was forced to retreat a few steps. Cheers from some of the children on the sidelines rang in support for the girl as some of the boy’s friends cracked jokes.
With gritted teeth, the boy rushed forth and the two began to spar. Despite their young age, each showed a shocking amount of agility and strength while their techniques seemed almost ingrained into their movements.
“The instructor is good,” I muttered, vaguely remembering Chumo and Sembi’s praise toward this woman as Mayla and I watched from the hallway.
Mayla and I continued to watch from the hallway while the spar soon came to an end. The instructor intervened just as the girl was about to launch a critical strike on the boy’s open side. The aged instructor called out the results and was just about to start on the next pair of children when she saw me.
Mayla bowed at the instructor as she regarded me for a second with her sharp eyes.
“Instructor Resbin, this is Ascender Grey,” she said without lifting her head.
Her eyes widened for a moment but otherwise kept calm as she dipped her head in a formal gesture. “My apologies for not welcoming you sooner, Ascender Grey. You hid your mana so well that I didn’t know such a powerful individual had been so close.”
I raised a hand in a placating gesture. “It’s fine. I had no intention of interrupting your class.”
By this time, the children that had been spread out against the walls were all standing and taking peeks at me. Gasps and mutters soon filled the room until Instructor Resbin silenced them, but that didn’t stop their sparkling stares from boring into me.
“Instructor Resbin was actually once an instructor from Stormcove Academy,” Mayla said proudly before turning to the aged instructor. “Ascender Grey just told me how good you were!”
“Thank you, Ascender Grey,” she replied but her eyes continued to assess me.
“I simply noted what I saw,” I said with a polite nod. “Please continue.”
I turned to leave, not particularly having a reason to stay here any longer, when Instructor Resbin called out.
“Forgive my insolence, Ascender Grey, but as you know, the annual exhibition is in just two days. My students and I would be most honored if an esteemed ascender showed us some pointers.”
Looking back over my shoulders I stared at the woman.
“You say pointers, but your eyes say you want blood. I have no interest in engaging in a meaningless fight just to have you gauge your own strength.” I gave her a smile. “Now, if you’ll excuse me.”
I walked out of the striker school with Mayla following beside me with an uncomfortable expression.
‘You’re no fun.’ Regis remarked. ‘I was hoping for a show,’
I know you’re bored. Just hold on for a few more days.
By the time we reached the town proper, the center of the plaza had been redecorated for the bestowment ceremony as a line of twenty or so kids had already formed. Near the end of the line was a kid I actually recognized.
‘Hey, isn’t that the boy that tried to stab you last night?’ Regis asked.
It was Belmun. I could make out more of his features in the daylight, but it only seemed to highlight how malnourished he was underneath a clean button-up shirt that was obviously too big for him.
Thoughts of whether he and his family managed to eat last night and if they were able to sell the leather cropped up in my mind.
“Didn’t you say that the ceremony starts later?” I asked, pushing away these thoughts and berating myself for worrying about the kid.
“Yes, but oftentimes lines always form beforehand,” she said, her eyes watching nervously as the line grew longer.
“Then shouldn’t you be going too?”
Mayla turned to me. “Oh no! It’s okay, esteemed ascender. It’s my responsibility to assist you so I’ll just get in line once the ceremony actually begins.”
I let out a sigh. “Just go. I’ll be fine.”

There was a trace of reluctance in her expression but her impatience won over. After thanking me, she bolted to the end of the line.
‘She’s a good kid,’ Regis voiced. ‘Too bad she and all the rest of the people in this continent have been brainwashed by Agrona.’
Not sure if brainwashed is the right word but, yeah.
The ceremony progressed once a man dressed in complete black walked up toward the elevated platform with two hooded figures in gray behind him. The most notable part of his wardrobe was an obsidian staff that he carried. A small gem was embedded at the top that glimmered in the colors of not only the elemental attributes but also had a faint trace of aether.
Regis noticed it too and I could feel his hunger for it.
“Esteemed ascender,” a voice called out faintly from behind.
I turned to see Loreni dressed in her work attire, a layer of sweat above her brows. “Please forgive me. I completely forgot that Mayla had her bestowment again today.”
My brows furrowed “Again? Has Mayla been bestowed before?”
“Ah. She’s been trying to get her first mark for the past three years now since children are required to be tested since the age of six,” she explained, her expression tinged in concern. “If a mark doesn’t form during today’s bestowment, I’m afraid she’ll most likely be deemed an unadorned like me.”
“How bad is that...” I began before hurriedly adding, “around here?”
“Being a non-mage is always looked down upon but Mayla is well acquainted with everyone in Maerin, so she should be fine,” she said with a slight smile. “I was devastated too when I was deemed an unadorned but thankfully, everyone was still very nice to me—oh, it’s about to begin!”
I watched along with the rest of the town as the first child scurried up the stairs and knelt before the officiant holding the obsidian staff. After muttering a lengthy incantation in a language I didn’t recognize, the officiant walked around the kneeling boy and placed the tip of his staff just above his tailbone.
Blood dripped from the boy’s back as the gem began glowing until finally the officiant withdrew his weapon and instructed the boy to turn around and lift up his shirt.
“Fiorin of Town Maerin has been adorned with the mark of a caster! May he bring pride to his blood and vanquish all who stand in the way of our mighty sovereigns!”
Cheers rang and I could see the boy beaming in pride even while tears of pain lined his cheeks. After he stepped down and ran into the embrace of his family, the next child came up.
The bestowment day went on, with every spectrum of emotions being displayed by the child as well as his family, from utter joy and pride to despair and even anger.
While the event was interesting and even insightful toward the cultures of Alacrya, I grew bored...until Belmun stepped up onto the podium. Anticipation rose as I watched him walk up the stairs to the expressionless officiant.
I could hear some mutters of disapproval and even some of disgust as Belmun knelt silently in front of the officiant. However, everyone’s expressions changed as the officiant’s staff grew brighter than normal. Even the poker-faced officiant’s eyes glimmered in interest until the gem dimmed and Belmun fell to the ground.
With the crowd deathly silent, the officiant hurriedly lifted Belmun’s shirt and let out a sharp breath before helping the boy up to his feet.
“Belmun of Town Maerin has been adorned with the crest of a striker!” he exclaimed as Belmun looked at the man in utter shock.
“A crest?” Loreni sputtered.
The entire plaza seemed to have let out a gasp in unison before mutters began growing in volume. However, two adults struck out to me as they began crying while hugging each other. Belmun practically leaped off the stage and bound toward what looked like his parents and fell into their embrace.
“Belmun of Town Maerin will be further assessed before being placed in an appropriate academy!” the officiant declared as he regained his composure.
I watched as the officiant’s hooded assistants escorted Belmun and his family away.
“Is Belmun someone esteemed ascender knows?” Loreni asked, snapping me out of my daze.
“Huh?” I turned to Loreni. “Why do you ask that?”
“Esteemed ascender was smiling for a moment so I just thought...” Loreni shook her head. “Forgive me for assuming.”
The bestowment resumed like normal—with either the kids getting a mark or not getting one—until Mayla stepped up onto the platform.
Loreni clasped her hands as she looked at her sister kneeling onstage.
I didn’t know what would happen since Mayla was one of the oldest kids there, but what I didn’t expect was for the officiant’s staff to grow even brighter than it did for Belmun.
“Th-This...” the officiant muttered, completely bewildered this time. “Mayla of Town Maerin has been adorned with the... emblem of a sentry!”
I heard Regis let out a whistle as the plaza broke out into cheers. The crowd and even the officiant was ecstatic as the black-robed man even went as far as to pat her on the back. However, both Mayla and Loreni wore a solemn expression at the turn of the event.
“Are you not happy at your sister earning an emblem?” I asked, curious.
“Oh n-no, of course I’m happy, esteemed ascender! I’m very proud of her,” she said as her gaze fell. “Please excuse me, esteemed ascender. I will go congratulate my sister.”
I watched as she walked toward the stage, using her sleeve to wipe her face.
“A crest and even an emblem,” a voice muttered behind me. “It looks like our town will get a lot of extra resources this year. It’s a shame for Loreni though. I heard that talented sentries are trained rigorously and sent down the most to the Relictombs.”
“Shhh, don’t say that out loud, you idiot. Mayla should be proud that she will be able to better serve our sovereigns in finding the relics!” another voice said.
So that’s what it was, I thought while staring at Mayla and Loreni. The two embraced in tears that I might’ve mistook for joy had I not known.
Ignoring the ache in my chest, I made my way out of the town plaza and back to the house.





Chapter 279
Chapter 279: A Social Gathering
The first rays of dawn peeked above the horizon by the time Regis and I had climbed back from the beast-riddled hill just off of Town Maerin. I had focused solely on practicing God Step—falling more times than I could count in the process—while Regis scouted around the area, doing a bit of hunting on his own.
Though progress was slow, I was still proud of the visible growth in the mastery of my first official godrune. I was able to reach the destination I had determined, using God Step with much better precision than I had at first.
That is, with no obstacles, of course. Taking into consideration the obstacles blocking my ‘path’, God Step became exponentially more difficult to use.
There were several ways around this, of course. I could use God Step in a straight line, much like I had with Burst Step, but doing so would be basically using the blunt edge of the sword.
Alternatively, I could spend a prolonged period of time focusing and mapping out the ‘path’ I could take in order to arrive at my intended destination... but that was a little hard to do while a two thousand-pound mana beast charged after me, and changing positions even slightly altered the ‘path’.
The silver lining behind all this was that my initial development of Burst Step back in Epheotus had served as training wheels for God Step. Along with my augmented reflexes from my aether core and a dragon of the Indrath Clan’s physique, I knew that mastering this was only a matter of time and effort.
Regis, on the other hand, had yet to gain the insights in activating the rune of destruction despite my guidance.
I knew that if I used the destruction rune one or two more times, he would be able to gain insight into the edict, but I was honestly afraid of what might happen while I was under the pseudo-psychotic state that the edict evoked.
Still, thanks to the fact that unlike mana, ambient aether was everywhere, Regis managed to make strides in strengthening his own aether reserves. Through this, his strength had not only increased, but the range that he could be apart from me had expanded.
His entire form seemed to illustrate his growing strength as the two horns that twisted and gnarled behind his ears had become even more intricate. Not only that but his entire form seemed to become more corporeal and real as the purple fire that made up his mane looked like real flames instead of smoky wisps.
With my head cleared of the events during the bestowment ceremony and my aether core empty, I neared the stone sign that indicated we were back within the ‘safe’ zone. To my surprise, there was someone waiting for me just beside the carved boulder in the clearing.
‘Isn’t that the kid...er, Velma? From last night?’ Regis asked, his form hiding within me.
Are you sure you’re an intelligent weapon? I teased, before calling out to the boy. “Belmun?”
‘Sentient weapon,’ Regis corrected with a grumble.
Belmun shot up to his feet at the sound of his name being called. He bolted toward me, the wind tossing back his long unkempt hair to reveal a busted lip, bruised eye, and a swollen cheek.
The boy shot me a wide grin as he waved his hand. “Mister!”
Belmun skidded to a stop in front of me and plopped down to his knees. “Please teach me how to fight!”
Noticing the bruises and welts all over his exposed arms and the hardened look on his face, I couldn’t help but admire the boy’s determination.

“No,” I answered, walking past him.
“W-Wait!” Belmun scrambled back in front of me. “I don’t have anything to offer now, but I’ve been bestowed a crest earlier today!”
I raised a brow. “So?”
The boy scratched his head. “S-So I have incredible talent! I don’t have anything to offer you right now, but in the future, when I’m a famous or even ranked ascender, I’ll pay you back!”
I don’t know what came over me as I saw the confident—almost smug—expression on Belmun’s face but I released a wave of aetheric force, lacing in just enough killing intent to bring the boy on all fours while choking.
Withdrawing my intent as well as the palpable pressure exerted through the ambient aether around us, I stared deadpan at Belmun, now gasping for air. “Don’t be so ignorant. The world’s a large place and your talent in this small town might be comparable to the street rats of a major city.”
Arriving back at the manor, Regis emerged and jumped on the leather couch. “I didn’t think you’d get so emotional with the little boy.”
I frowned. “I wasn’t emotional.”
“Please. You barely care for the people here enough to exchange more than a sentence with them unless you’re prying for information,” Regis replied, laying down. “But you not only helped the kid, but you gave him advice.”
Taking off my shirt, I retorted, “That wasn’t advice. His smug attitude after getting a bit of recognition annoyed me.”
Regis rolled his eyes as he curled up into his ‘meditative’ state.
I let out a sigh as I sat down on the ground. I knew why I acted like that—I just didn’t want to admit to myself that the little boy reminded me of myself in a lot of ways. Slapping my cheeks to focus, I closed my eyes as the warm blanket of the morning light enveloped me and began refining my aether core once more.
***
Over the next several days leading up to the annual exhibition, Regis and I had fallen into a comfortable rhythm largely away from the curious denizens of Town Maerin.
Without the need to sleep aside from a few hours once every three days, I had been using my mornings refining my core in order to replenish my aether reserves enough to study the cuboid relic in the afternoons. In the evenings and overnight, I would stay near the peak of the tree-filled hill practicing not only God Step but also fighting with aether in general.
Mayla had stopped by the first day after the bestowment but I told her I wouldn’t be going anywhere and made her go back home. I didn’t want her to spend the majority of the day with me when her time with her sister was so limited now.
I did find out from her later on, though, that Belmun had started training seriously at the striker until he would enroll in Stormcove Academy. It turned out that the bruises he had received the night after the bestowment was because he got into a fight with some of the striker students.
While progress had been made in both studying the cuboid relic as well as God Step, I was slowly growing more and more impatient staying in this small town.
So when the day of the annual exhibition finally came, I was actually excited.
“Are you sure you want to do this now?” Regis asked, staring at me.

I held Sylvie’s stone tenderly in my palms. “It’s been a while since I’ve tried and my aether core has gotten stronger after practicing God Step.”
“I know, but didn’t your last attempt almost completely suck your aether reserves dry? Will you be okay during the exhibition?”

“Exactly. I can’t train today because of the exhibition anyway so I might as well. Now shush.” I replied, focusing on the translucent stone as I released aether from my core.
I was met with the same sensation of the aether draining from my body as a shroud of purple enveloped the stone. Unlike last time when it felt like I was trying to fill a pond a few drops at a time, I could now feel an actual stream of aether reaching the inner dimension within the stone. With my aether purer and denser than before, there was even less aether being wasted through the ‘filtration’ process that occurred within the stone as well.
Still, while definite progress was made, by the time I was left sweating and gasping from the strain of having nearly all of my aether sucked out of me, there were no visible changes to the translucent stone.
I put the stone back into the extradimensional rune and fell back on the cold floor.
Staring at the ceiling, I thought of how far I still needed to go. Even after I had gotten this far, it felt like I had barely taken a step forward in this leg of the journey. But what I feared most was what would happen after I reached the last leg.
Would fulling imbuing aether into the stone truly bring back Sylvie? She had given me her physical form in order to save me. Would she truly come back as the same Sylvie I knew and loved? Would she come back at all?
My chest ached at these thoughts and it felt like my body had just grown several times heavier as my motivation and determination wavered.
No. You’ve come this far, Arthur. You can’t stop now.
Letting out a sharp breath, I got up and changed. The sensation of the black leather-like armor clinging to my skin was a welcome change after the previous cloth outfit.
The gentle knock on the door told me it was nearly time for the exhibition to begin.
“Let’s go,” I said to Regis. With a nod, his form disappeared into my back.
After pulling the teal robe over my shoulders and inserting the white dagger within the hidden pocket on the inner lining, I headed toward the door.
I was greeted by a somber Mayla. She gave me a smile that didn’t quite reach her eyes. “Good Morning, Ascender Grey.”
“Mayla?” I raised a brow. “I thought I said to send over someone else to escort me.”
The girl that looked to be just a few years younger than my sister shook her head. “I couldn’t do that. My mind would be more at peace guiding esteemed ascender myself. Thank you for your consideration though. I have enjoyed the last few days with my sister.”
“It’s good if you’re fine then,” I muttered, scratching my cheek.
The two of us walked down the hill leading to the town proper in silence. The once talkative girl seemed to be lost in thought, stumbling several times on the uneven road.

“Ah, I almost forgot,” Mayla suddenly said, turning to me. “Chief Mason has your runecard prepared with the money you’ve earned from selling the mana beasts. He figured since you lost your dimension ring that even with the fee, it’d be more practical than carrying around a bag of gold.”
‘Runecards are physical cards linked to a banking institution using runes so that you don’t have to carry physical money around,’ Regis explained simply after a quick mental nudge from me.
“I’ll be sure to pick it up before I leave,” I answered, impressed once again by how advanced Alacrya was compared to Dicathen. I was tempted to figure out how to subtly ask more about how the banking institutions here worked when we arrived at the town proper.
The atmosphere today was much livelier than it had been a few days ago and it only grew worse as we reached the arena. The din of dozens of conversations all fighting for supremacy overpowered the soldiers trying to manage the growing crowd.
Luckily, we didn’t have to take the main entrance. The two of us were escorted by one of the guards toward a side entrance leading to the area.
“I will take my leave here, esteemed ascender,” Mayla said, lowering her head. “Only officials of the towns and guests from Stormcove Academy are allowed inside this viewing room.”
Watching her walk back, leaving me with the guard in the well-lit corridor, I cursed inwardly for thinking that I’d be able to watch the exhibition in peace. I could already guess how stifling a room filled with town officials brown nosing the Stormcove Academy representatives would be.
The usher standing at the far end of the corridor hurriedly opened the cherrywood door and directed me inside as he called out, “Ascender Grey has arrived!”
I walked into the open-air room that looked over the arena that had rows of preadolescents in uniforms that distinctly highlighted their towns.
The room was decorated modestly with vases of flowers on dark wood furniture. The lack of seats in this ‘sitting area’ seemed to suggest the promotion of walking around and getting to know each other.
Inside were distinguished individuals of varying ages all garbed in lavish suits or dresses. They each held a wine glass in their hand like they were posing for a picture as they stared at me.
“Esteemed ascender!” a familiar, booming voice called out. Chief Mason wore a fitted suit that highlighted his broad frame. His salt and pepper hair was slicked back while his beard was properly combed and tied near the end.
He handed me one of the many wine flutes displayed on the cocktail tables arranged throughout the room before turning to the rest of the people present in the room. “We’re all so excited to have you with us today!”
“Thank you for having me.”I accepted the glass and turned to the staring individuals, raising my glass and presenting a smile. “I must’ve gotten a bit excited myself, seeing as how I’m dressed to join the kids down there rather than to drink here.”
Laughter rang, breaking the tension as the officials present began flocking us.
‘Wow. Who is this smooth-talker and what have you done with the angsty Arthur that I grew to tolerate? I thought you said you were bad at social gatherings,’ Regis said.
Shut it. And I said I didn’t like social gatherings. That doesn’t mean I’m bad at them.
“As expected of esteemed ascender. Not only is your presence so imposing, but your looks are stunning as well,” a woman that seemed to be in her early twenties said with a giggle, brushing her hand against mine.
I smiled back as I took a step toward her. “Please. Call me Grey.”
Not bothering to learn her name, I made my way through the crowd of over twenty. Dismissing their overeagerness to introduce themselves to me and flaunt whatever morsel of power they had in order to appeal to me, I kept a charming and lighthearted air.
I had gone through several glasses of wine as I exchanged greetings and a drink with the people present while learning more about the three neighboring towns when my entire body suddenly shuddered.
Regis felt it too as my entire attention was suddenly pulled toward the door we had entered from.
“Elder Cromely of Stormcove Academy, students Aphene and Pallisun of Stormcove Academy have arrived!” the usher announced, opening the door.
The chatter and laughter surrounding me was soon drowned out by the blood pumping in my ears as both Regis and I focused on the lean, grizzled man garbed in a dark suit.
More specifically, what caught our attention was the unassuming stone that lay mounted on the sleek obsidian cane in his hand. The unassuming stone that held a considerable amount of aether within its decrepit surface.





Chapter 280
Chapter 280: The Catch
I tore my gaze from the stone adorning the man’s black cane and studied the three guests that had just arrived.
The hook-nosed and pale-skinned Cromely exchanged polite but terse greetings with the flock of town officials and their family members. The two students that looked around my age barely spoke as they kept their chins raised and chests puffed.
The female student referred to as Aphene had an athlete’s body with long, slim legs that were accentuated by her uniform. Her fierce gaze bore into me behind her dark bangs, singling me out.
Dismissing her provocation as cute at most, I turned my gaze to the blonde man that looked like he’d spent a tad too much time in front of a mirror. Compared to his brusque female schoolmate, the student named Pallisun met everyone with a practiced smile that seemed to convey his hubris in a more implicit way.
Watching the teen strut in his white suit, which was embroidered with a single embellished shoulder guard, I was reminded of a rainbowgoose displaying its feathers during mating season.
Regis chortled at my comparison, agreeing wholeheartedly.
The trio eventually made their way to me. Following behind them were the entourage of townsmen doing whatever they could to curry their favor or even have them look in their general direction.
“An honor to have an ascender in our presence,” the older representative intoned, his expression not quite matching his words. “My name is Cromely of Blood Mandrick. This is my granddaughter, Aphene,” he introduced before gesturing to the student on his left. “And this student is Pallisun of Blood Blather. Both of you, introduce yourselves.”
Aphene dipped her head, a bit reluctant. “Aphene of Blood Mandrick.”
Pallisun, who was around my height but with a bit more bulk, scanned me from head to toe.
“Pallisun of Blood Blather,” he greeted, releasing a bit of mana that clung tightly against his frame in an attempt to show off his control.
‘What a rainbowgoose,’ Regis judged.
“A pleasure to meet you all. And thank you again, for taking me with you to Aramoor City,” I said to Comer with an amiable smile. He was my ticket out of here, after all.
“It is nothing,” he replied humbly.
“Hearing that our town had an ascender visiting, Elder Cromely brought along the top students of Stormcove Academy,” Chief Mason explained.
The Stormcove representative’s gaze flickered over the town chief dismissively before adding, “Yes, while they can’t yet compare to Ascender Grey, they’ll both be transferred to an ascender institute in the central domain rather soon.”
I regarded the two students with a casual smile. “Congratulations in advance.”
Pallisun craned his neck to get that extra inch over me as he replied. “You seem very young, esteemed ascender. I can’t imagine you having much experience yet, but I’d still love to hear of your tales down in the Relictombs.”
Regis bristled. ‘Please, let me humble this man.’

It’s beneath us to bully them. Plus, I’m baiting them on purpose, I quickly sent to Regis before replying to the vain blonde.
“It’s quite the pleasant place for a stroll. Do you care to join me the next time I go?” I asked with a wink.
A few chuckles rang from the crowd around us. Pallisun’s brow twitched in restrained annoyance as he stifled a laugh as well.
“Please excuse me while I get a drink,” Pallisun said with a forced smile. “Let’s go, Aphene.”
The two students turned around and headed off to one of the tables behind them. As they did so, I couldn’t help but think that it was a shame their backs were covered, hiding their runes.
Not dwelling on it, I made myself comfortable against the ledge overlooking the exhibition. Below, the host in charge of mediating the event was having the students walk in a circle to wave at the audience.
Cheers broke out as most of the students headed out of the center field, leaving behind only one group of students that looked to be about eight to ten in age.
The day progressed as we watched the various events showcasing both the magical and physical prowess of the students.
Caster students had been up first. Workers brought targets and laid them on the opposite side of the field for the students to try and hit with both accuracy and power. After that, they began running through an obstacle course while hitting targets without stopping.
While I didn’t condone child soldiers, it was impressive to see even the children in this small town effortlessly go through the complicated obstacle course while firing like trained combatants heading for war.
A war against Dicathen.
Damn it, I cursed myself for thinking unnecessary thoughts. Anything I did to try and go against Alacrya at this point wouldn’t even amount to the dirt underneath Agrona’s nails.
Swallowing the bitter taste in my mouth, I continued watching while the caster students finished and the host called for the shields to step up back onto the arena. Their exhibition consisted of each of the shields protecting two mannequins from blunted projectiles made of wood and stone.
“At that age, I would be fighting to the death against a mana beast my father had captured in order to build battle experience,” a clear voice declared a few feet to my right.
I shifted my gaze to see Pallisun standing with a frilly-dress girl under each arm. He continued to brag loudly about his training as a shield at their age. Meanwhile the girls cooed and giggled as if his very words contained gold.
He wasn’t the only one enjoying the spectacle below. During these two events, the other officials from the neighboring towns made wagers on their own local students, while the names of promising students were mentioned and praised loudly enough in the hopes that Cromely could hear.
As the shield students of Town Ludro, Cessir, Deura and Maerin stepped down, the atmosphere shifted. While both the casters and shields received enthusiastic cheers throughout their events, they paled in comparison to when the striker students stepped up on the platform that had been raised for their tournament.
This particular event would consist of six representative strikers from each town, all partaking in the tournament. They’d start by having the six duel each other for the spot of representing their towns and it would end with the remaining striker from each town facing off in the semi-finals and finals.
After the host reminded the strikers that intentionally losing to let a specific member of their town advance was strictly forbidden, the tournament commenced.
While I didn’t expect much, I had to admit that I enjoyed the exhibition. Judging by how Aphene had stopped bothering to watch after the first match, I’m sure she would disagree.
The children fought with practiced movements, displaying prowess in both physical and magical abilities. Because of how the marks or crests they had confined the scope of their spell to take form into a specific shape or action, they had to rely on understanding and outmaneuvering their opponents—utilizing their magic as a tool rather than relying on it.
“I can’t imagine this little pageant would entertain you in any way,” a thin voice intoned from behind.

“You’d be mistaken then,” I said lightly without turning around. “At this level, their ‘weapons’ are unsharpened and inflexible. This forces them to be more quick-witted and creative. Don’t you agree, Elder Cromely?”
The older man stepped up next to me, a brow raised in thought. “Are you saying that the sharper our weapons get, the slower and more unimaginative we become?”
I shifted my gaze to Cromely with a smirk pulling at the edge of my mouth. “That would depend on the person, but the temptation to lean heavily on the sharpest tool is always there. Isn’t that why we’ve evolved from fighting with our bare fists in the first place?”

Cromely blinked for a second before letting out a laugh. “Wise words that I haven’t thought of myself. Perhaps the Relictombs bestow wisdom upon its ascenders.”
“Perhaps.”
Turning my gaze back to the next pair of striker students stepping up onto the arena. “So have you found anyone worth admitting to Stormcove Academy?”
“I’ve already scanned the entire lot of students and not a single one carries the mana reserves worthy of bringing in,” he replied in a tone that said he had expected it. “Still. The Headmaster of our academy requested we bring more talents from outside Aramoor City so I’ll just take the winner of this little tournament.”
“Is that so. To me, it sounds like you never had any intention to take this seriously,” I mused.
“Truthfully, I was reluctant to visit this...outpost.” Cromely then turned to me, his hooked nose less than an arm’s length away from my face. “If that old bear of a man hadn’t told me an actual ascender was here and needed a favor, I wouldn’t have bothered coming, let alone with my top two students.”
“It seems like you’re implying something, Elder Cromely,” I responded, casting a sideways glance at the older man. “I wasn’t aware that there were strings attached for my short trip to Aramoor Academy.”
“No strings attached, of course,” he quickly responded with a dry laugh. “I merely hoped that you would grace my students and this town with a demonstration of the strength of an ascender.”
I had been waiting for this. From the moment the two students he had arrived with began sizing me up for a fight, I knew the chances were high. Still, I didn’t think they’d want to challenge me here.
‘Makes sense though,’ Regis sent. ‘If you guys spar here and they lose, they don’t run the risk of losing face for stupidly challenging an ascender.’
“Hmm...while educating the youth is important, I chose to become an ascender rather than an instructor because I valued material goods a bit more,” I hinted with a playful smile.
The old representative blinked and seemed to come back to himself after a moment. Letting out a hearty laugh, he patted me on the arm. “Looks like it won’t be very hard to get along with you, Ascender Grey! Name your price!”
“Gold is easy to come by,” I said, flashing him the runecard that Chief Mason handed me earlier filled with the earnings from selling the mana beasts I had used as practice dummies. “But I am curious about that odd rock you have on your cane.”
“As expected of an ascender, you have a good eye,” he mused while holding up his cane. “Even though this has been deemed a dead relic by our sovereign, it still cost me a small fortune during the auction.”
“Does it contain any sort of special effects or secrets?” I asked nonchalantly, suppressing both my and Regis’ urge to consume the aether stored inside it.
“If a dead relic could perform even the smallest spec of ancient magic, then it would be impossible for a mere academy elder in some small city to afford it,” Cromely answered as he rubbed the palm-sized stone with his thumb. “No, it’s just a very expensive trinket to brag about.”
“A shame,” I said, feigning disappointment.
I was unaware that relics deemed ‘dead’ by Agrona were auctioned back to the public, but it made sense. Why not obtain riches for the scraps you have no use for after taking all of the relics that were still intact.

Thinking back, I couldn’t help but wonder how things would’ve played out differently if I didn’t have the dimensional storage rune and Chief Mason had said he would need to take the cuboid relic from me.
It was safe to assume that my relationship with the people of this town wouldn’t have been as carefree as it was now.
“Still. If Ascender Grey is a connoisseur of these sorts, I can’t imagine you not wanting to add this to your collection,” he replied. “How about this. If Esteemed Ascender can best Pallisun and my granddaughter in a friendly spar, I will not only escort you to Aramoor City and ensure you’re completely taken care of, I’ll also give you this relic. If they can best you, all Ascender Grey needs to do is put in a good word for them.”
I cocked a brow. “Put in a good word?”
A knowing smile replaced the look of confusion on the older man’s face. “It’s no use feigning ignorance, Ascender Grey. Mason told me your close relations with Highblood Denoir,” he whispered. “Don’t worry, your secret is safe with me.”
I took a deep breath and willed down my irritation. Looks like the large chief caved in. I really didn’t want my association with such a powerful name being broadcasted so soon, but I guess it did work in my favor at the moment.
Letting out a sigh, I agreed. “That doesn’t sound like a bad proposition.”
“Great!” Cromely clapped his hands, showing a smile that actually reached his eyes for the first time. “I presume that you’d have no qualms with facing off against my two students at the same time?”
He really has no shame, I conveyed inwardly to Regis.
Shrugging, I said to the older man, “I assumed that would be the case.”
“As expected of an ascender!” Cromely beamed. “I’m sure whether my students win or lose, this will be an excellent learning experience for them!”
‘As expected of an ascender,’ Regis echoed mockingly. ‘What a fox.’
He speaks in politics. It’s nothing to be surprised about when there’s such a distinction within the hierarchy in Alacrya.
I watched as Cromely walked off after giving me a small bow. He couldn’t have taken more than five steps away when Chief Mason immediately scurried over to me, concern laced in his furrowed brows. “E-Esteemed Ascender.”
Chief Mason turned his head to make sure Cromely was out of earshot before continuing. “M-My sincerest apologies. Elder Cromely was on the verge of cancelling his visit, and I know that would implicate your trip back to Aramoor City as well. And he’s met many ascenders before so just saying you were an ascender didn’t seem to interest him.”
“What’s done is done,” I replied, my voice leaking a tinge of annoyance. “I’m assuming you’ve anticipated that Elder Cromely would ask me to put on a little show with his students?”
The burly man’s gaze lowered. “He has mentioned it, yes.”
“Good. Then progress as planned.” I stood up to get a drink when Chief Mason grabbed my sleeve.
“Please be careful of Elder Cromely. He is known to be quite devious in his plans, and he cherishes his granddaughter very much,” he leaned in and whispered.
My mouth twitched upward in a smirk. “So you’re worrying about me now?”
The town chief’s expression faltered and he looked like he was about to crawl into a hole.
“I’m joking,” I smiled, patting the large man’s shoulder. “I hope your son wins the exhibition. His first win was impressive.”
“Thank you!” Chief Mason’s expression brightened as he beamed in pride.
Meanwhile, I made my way toward the exit, passing by Cromely with his two students. Aphene’s fierce expression mirrored her determination while Pallisun looked like he had already won.
‘Not that I’m worried, but are you going to be okay? They seem to be hiding something and you’ve drained most of your aether reserves trying to wake up Sylvie,’ Regis voiced his concerns.
They’re under the assumption that I’m a newly fledged ascender that barely made it out of his first ascent.
A smile pulled at my lips as I left the viewing lounge. I had been getting bored of training against the mana beasts nearby, and whether this duel would prove challenging or not, I’d at least get to enjoy unwinding.





Chapter 281
Chapter 281: Once In a Lifetime
I felt somewhat bad.
Chief Mason’s son, Braxton, had won the striker’s tournament, meaning he would be sent to Aramoor City to become a student at Stormcove Academy. Any other day, Braxton would’ve been the center of attention for his victory and the target of envy of his peers and even the parents of those peers. Not only Braxton, but his entire family’s status would be elevated within Maerin and—if he did well at Stormcove—all of Aramoor City.
However, after Cromely had congratulated Braxton on winning the tournament and half-heartedly expressed that he was looking forward to seeing him at Stormcove, the old representative practically pushed the poor boy off stage and announced a ‘once-in-a-lifetime event’ for the citizens of the four towns gathered here today.
The crowd quickly forgot about the exhibition and erupted into cheers as his two students and I entered the stage with Cromely standing between us. Workers moved the raised platform that they had used for the student’s fighting stage since we’d need more space, leaving only the leveled dirt floor of the arena.
“Thank you for agreeing to spar against us,” Pallisun called out from about a dozen yards away as he stood beside Aphene. “We were afraid you would decline.”
“The pleasure is mine,” I said with a smile, ignoring the haughty undertone in his gratitude.
Both he and his companion had changed from their more formal wardrobe. While their armor looked more like a fashion statement than functional battlewear, their weapons told a different story.
Pallisun withdrew a coffin shield that was nearly as tall as he was and twice as wide from his dimension ring. Aphene, meanwhile, gripped a claymore with a pearlescent blade in her right hand while a silver bracer covered her entire left arm.
“Following the standard rules of non-lethal duels, weapons are permitted but must be blunt,” Cromely announced as he stood between us to moderate.
The three of them waited silently for me to withdraw my weapons but I waved my hand. “I’ll fight bare-handed.”
Aphene stepped forward, eyes narrowed. “Are you looking to blame your defeat on the lack of a weapon, Ascender Grey?”
‘Nnngh! They’re so cheeky,’ Regis growled, bristling with anger within me.
“I promise to blame only myself upon defeat,” I replied calmly before turning to Cromely. “Now, can we begin?”
The old man let out a cough before he began stepping back several paces, holding his right hand high in the air.
“Begin!” Cromely belted as he swung down his hand.
Immediately, the crowd began to cheer as Pallisun held up his shield to cover both him and his partner while studying me closely.
Now that I thought about it, they had no clue whether I was a caster, shield, or striker.
After a brief pause, the two charged forward. Though both were hidden from view behind the large shield, I could sense Aphene preparing for an attack using the ambient aether around them.
Taking a dueling stance with both arms relaxed at my sides, I pondered how to approach this. By the visible manifestations of mana flaring out from the two of them, it was safe to assume that their levels rivaled that of an A-rank adventurer—probably more.
With my mana reserves barely at the ten percent mark, there was just enough danger to keep me on my toes.
Pallisun kicked up a storm of dust behind him as he continued his charge toward me. Sidestepping out of the way was simple enough, but Aphene was waiting for that, brandishing her claymore.
Aphene’s dark hair fluttered in the wind as she swung a broad arc, following up with a lunge.
Meanwhile Pallisun made a sharp turn aided by precise bursts of wind until his shield glimmered just a few feet away like a bull rearing its horns. “You’re going to have to do more than just dodge!” the shield-wielding student roared.
Their movements were well-practiced and without blatant openings. Aphene used Pallisun as protection—and an obstruction to limit my view on her—while she launched a series of attacks. With the two of them fighting like this together, I wouldn’t doubt their ability to rival even a veteran AA-rank adventurer.

Unfortunately, with my experience supplemented by the inhuman reflexes I had inherited, they might as well have been calling out their moves.
Pivoting on my front foot, I redirected Aphene’s next lunge with my hand against the flat of her blade. At the same time, I stamped my back foot into the ground just as Pallisun was about to tackle me.
With my foot obstructing Pallisun’s charge, he flew over my shoulder, barely able to hold on to his shield. Aphene had put most of her weight into that lunge, making her body lurch forward as her attack missed its mark. Making use of her imbalance, I hit her with an open palm square on her gauntlet.
Aphene toppled on the ground while barely able to roll to her feet. Pallisun fared better with his wind magic that allowed him to reposition himself in the air to land deftly on his feet.
It seemed that the structured magic emblazoned on his back in the form of either a crest or emblem allowed the broadly-built student to create quick and accurate bursts of wind.
My gaze lingered on the two naive students as their expressions shifted to that of anger framed neatly with the flush of embarrassment.
APHENE MANDRICK
“What’s with those faces?” the ascender tilted his head. “You should’ve expected this much from an ascender, right?”
I studied the man that had just completely countered all of our moves. Despite his toned but slender frame and unarmed state, I couldn’t help but begin to fear this man. His golden eyes, nonchalant expression, and charming manner should’ve come off as amiable, but he had all the warmth of a predator seeking blood.
Unwilling to show any weakness, I swallowed my emotions.
“We didn’t want to accidentally hurt you. My apologies for underestimating your prowess.” I stood back up and spoke through gnashed teeth. “It won’t happen again.”
Pallisun, next to me, abandoned his shield as if to punctuate my point. Realising that our opponent was clearly a striker, he withdrew the two plated gauntlets that he had inherited as the next-in-line of the Blather blood.
The wind hummed and hissed as he curled his fingers into a fist before dashing forth while I followed shortly behind.
Pallisun swung his wind-clad fist, hitting thin air as the ascender easily stepped back before kicking him the chest. Despite the weight difference between powerfully built Pallisun and the ascender, my partner doubled over, gasping for breath.
Not willing to give the ascender even a moment’s chance, I leaped over Pallisun and swung Harmony downward in a feint. My sword’s shimmering blade whistled as it cut through the air just in front of the ascender before I channeled a flood of mana into my sword arm in order to change the trajectory of my blade mid-swing.
My own sword’s motion was a blur and even I was barely able to follow it, but somehow, his pale hand had grabbed my wrist out of the air.
“Not bad.” Despite how thin and pretty his hand looked, he held my wrist in an iron grip, dodging nonchalantly as I caught Harmony with my free hand and swung.
“Try again,” he said as if he were my instructor rather than my opponent. The ascender released my hand—then pushed me square in my shoulder.
My whole body jerked back from the sudden force before I spun from the impact.
Pallisun managed to get out of the way before I tripped over him. As the two of us recovered, we stood side by side with weapons up to defend. However, the ascender merely stood there with that aloof—almost bored—expression of his.
“Cocky bastard.” My partner spat on the ground and straightened himself as swirls of wind encased his entire body.
He gave me a knowing glance and I nodded in understanding.
Just like how we’ve been practicing.
We burst forward once more at the ascender from different angles. I dug my heels and prepared to thrust Harmony’s point at him a few steps shy of reaching him while Pallisun ducked low and aimed for the legs.
However, just as I began to channel lightning through my arm and into my blade, the ascender had flashed past Pallisun and was right in front of me.
Moving with keen precision, he dodged my stab. Then the world suddenly flipped as I found myself in the air.
“Aphene!” Pallisun’s voice rang, snapping me out of my reverie.

A rush of wind oriented me enough to aim the spell that I had been channeling. I unleashed the voltaic spear from the point of my blade while I descended.
Yet, even the fastest element of all couldn’t catch the ascender off-guard as he blurred away from view.

By the time my feet had touched the ground the ascender had tripped, spun, slammed, and thrust his fist down at my partner’s chest. Thankfully, Pallisun had managed to bring his arms up in a crossguard, but the sheer strength of the impact cracked the dirt floor.
Immediately, I kicked back to maintain my distance rather than try to fight close quarters against this monster.
I swung Harmony in a broad arc. A shockwave of lightning ripped out of my blade and arced toward the ascender standing on top of Pallisun.
I didn’t stop there. Focusing more mana into my emblem, I willed the voltaic crescent to split into over a dozen separate projectiles. It took all of my concentration to control the chaotic nature of lightning into the form I wanted, but in that span of time, the ascender pried Pallisun from the ground and raised him to use as a human shield.
“Coward!” I cursed, dispersing the spell just before it hit my partner.
“I’m the one fighting without a weapon.” The wheat-haired ascender frowned as he peeked his head from behind Pallisun’s unconscious body. “But I’m confused. Are you a striker or caster?”
Is he not even taking this seriously?
Both Pallisun and I had tested into the threshold of high-tier mage—he as a shield and myself as a striker. The evolution of one of my crests into an emblem had allowed me to even fire lightning over a distance.
Yet, this ascender who seemed to be using only pure mana, was drawing circles around us like we were toddlers barely able to walk.
The ascender’s gaze flickered over to Pallisun. “You’re conscious already?”
“Screw you!” my partner roared, unleashing a dome of aura around them. The uneven ground flattened as even I felt the pull of gravity weighing down on me.
Pallisun’s first emblem took a heavy toll on him with his current mana capacity. If he had decided to use that as well, then I shouldn’t hold back either.
“Hold on!” I shouted as Pallisun broke free from the ascender’s weakened grip.
My partner and the ascender broke out into a close-quarter brawl. But even within the gravity field that should’ve been slowing down his movements, the ascender seemed unimpeded.
Wasting no time, I ignited my second emblem.
“Aphene, stop!” I heard my grandfather’s concerned voice in a drawl as the entire world shifted into slow motion.
My body protesting as my mana coursed through my emblem, releasing voltaic mana that pulsed through my veins like thousands of small pinpricks. I could feel every inch of my body electrified with energy, renewing my confidence.
In a way, the ascender’s capabilities would work to our advantage.
With the footage our artifact captured from this spar, Pallisun and I would surely be able to get into an ascender’s academy in the central domain.
My gaze flickered onto the ascender who—even as he fought against Pallisun—had his gaze cemented on me with an expression of surprise for the first time.
It’s not surprising. Internal lightning magic is rare, and this one is a high-tier emblem.
Tuning out my grandfather’s shouts, I approached their duel. “Pallisun!”
The emblem on my partner’s lower back blazed underneath his tunic and the dome of heightened gravity condensed around his gauntlets to form a glassy aura that blurred the space within it.
A confident smile arose from Pallisun’s worn face as he activated the full effects of the precious artifact designed for Blood Blather’s inherent affinity for gravity magic.

Once he was able to fully master his emblem and gauntlets, Pallisun would be able to not only block physical projectiles, but redirect magical ones as well through the use of the repellent force.
Even in his current state, he would be a force to be reckoned with. And with me by his side, even a full-fledged ascender would be hard-pressed to beat us, let alone one that had just barely finished his first ascent.
“Interesting!” the ascender beamed.
Then, for the first time, the ascender approached us.
I had known he was fast. He’d been not much more than a blur or flash of color during our previous exchanges. But even with my internal lightning spell greatly heightening my senses and reflexes, I was barely able to keep up with his movement.
Pallisun managed to bring his arms up to defend against the ascender’s strike, allowing me to step around my partner and swing toward the man’s exposed side.
The world around me moved in slow motion while my senses took everything in—the crunch of dirt beneath my feet, the whistle of Harmony’s blade cutting the air, and the resounding thud of the ascender’s fist hitting Pallisun’s gauntlet.
Yet, before I could finish the blow, the ascender spun on his heels, closing the distance between us and my swing ran harmlessly behind the man’s back. He trapped my sword arm under his own and swept my legs out from under me.
I could follow every moment of the ascender’s brilliant maneuver, from his footwork, to his apparent ability to predict the position of my swing while timing his own movements. Following and reacting, however, were two different stories.
Before he could finish his move, Pallisun managed to swing a gravity-imbued punch from behind the ascender.
It wasn’t surprising to see that he was able to dodge—maybe one of his emblems or a regalia had given him a pair of eyes behind his head. This time, however, the field of gravity surrounding my partner’s gauntlet expanded just as it passed the ascender’s head, pushing him just enough for me to wiggle free from his grasp before executing a lateral handspring to upright myself.
My left leg throbbed like it was on fire from just a simple kick, but I managed to put enough weight on it to follow up Pallisun’s attack with a low horizontal sweep with Harmony.
The ascender pivoted back, dodging my strike, and at the same time, hooking his leg behind the inside of Pallisun’s knees.
Before I could even warn Pallisun, the ascender kicked his leg back and swung a straightened arm right at his face.
Pallisun’s neck snapped back from the force while his legs flailed up in the air before the back of his head smashed against the dirt floor in a resounding crash.
A guttural yell tore out of my throat as I charged the ascender.
I can do this. I can still read his movements. As long as I can read it, I can react.
The ascender looked back over his shoulder with an impatient gaze, causing me to involuntarily flinch. He turned toward me and began approaching.
Currents of electricity coiled around me, reassuring me that I could win this exchange, while I continued I watched every inch of his body for signs of his next move.
His left shoulder twitched, and I responded by bringing Harmony to defend my left side. Then his right shoulder twitched, followed by his left arm rising. I tried to react and predict all of his movements but by the time he had gotten into range, I realized his hand was by my throat.
His grip was gentle, with just enough pressure to let me know that he had won.
He hadn’t simply won. He had completely used my most powerful spell against me.
Withdrawing my mana, I dropped my sword. “I-I concede.”
It was when I spoke that I realized that I had been holding in my breath. As I acknowledged my defeat, my shoulders slumped and the trapped air escaped from my lungs.
I was frustrated, disappointed, and envious of the man who stood in front of me. But more than anything, I realized I was relieved—relieved that he wasn’t truly my enemy.
Because I knew that had he considered this a real fight, I wouldn’t be alive.
The entire arena shook from the crowd erupting into cheers, pulling me out of my thoughts.
“It was a good fight,” he spoke in a low voice as he lowered his hand from my throat. “But you shouldn’t rely so heavily on something you have no idea how to properly use.”
“Aphene!” the familiar voice of my grandfather rang from behind.
The ascender patted my shoulder as he walked past me. “Do you have a name for that spell?”
“There’s no official name for it in the records,” I mustered, turning my head toward him. “I just call it internal lightning.”
He looked back with a faint smile. “How about naming it ‘Thunderclap Impulse’?”





Chapter 282
Chapter 282: Deep Dive
The nondescript black stone hung in the air just shy of the ceiling before falling back into my hand. I threw it again like I had been for the past hour as I thought about what to do with the relic.
Meanwhile, I could hear the rhythmic thumping of Regis’ tail. He had been sitting beside my bed for about just as long, his eyes following the stone like a starving dog in front of meat. The only thing missing from the picture was a tongue hanging out and saliva spilling from his mouth. Sentient weapon capable of mass destruction bestowed by the asuras, indeed.
“I’m not giving this to you,” I said flatly despite Regis’ subliminal begging.
“Oh come on! You promised a percentage of all of the aether you consume,” he cried.
“I haven’t decided whether I’m going to consume the aether from this relic yet.”
“Why wouldn’t you consume it? That’s something even Agrona can’t do; otherwise he would probably hoard all of the dead relics,” he argued, flabbergasted.
“Dead or not, this is still a relic,” I argued back, catching the black stone in my hand as I sat up on my bed.
My progress with the keystone—the name I came up with for the cuboid relic—was slow, but it had become increasingly obvious how powerful the knowledge stored inside it was.
“If I can somehow tap into this relic as well, maybe I can gain insights into a new god rune,” I continued. “Or maybe this thing is actually a weapon or some sort of tool.”
Regis lowered his ears, dejected. “If Agrona, who has been tinkering with relics for gods knows how long can’t figure it out, how do you expect to do it?”
“Utilize my inherent advantages until I’m able to figure it out?” I shrugged nonchalantly. “I’m tempted to consume the aether in here to refine my core too, but I don’t want to do anything I can’t undo.”
“So what are you going to do with it until then? Mount it on a cane like that old man?” Regis retorted, his eyes narrowing in displeasure.
I smirked. “Maybe I’ll just hang it off a stick and dangle it in front of your face as I ride you around the city.”
“Rude.”
I let out a chuckle. “Then stop looking at it like it’s a carrot.”
With a snort, my mighty steed turned away and curled up in the corner to sulk.
Letting out a sigh, I walked over to the large window overlooking one of the main streets of Aramoor City. The sight of crowded sidewalks that sandwiched a four-laned road designed for carriages lay strewn below. Storefronts with colorful awnings blended in with the rich and vibrant styles of the denizens that walked with a sense of purpose.
Placing my newly-acquired relic into my dimensional rune, I headed toward the door.
Regis’ ears perked at the sound of my footsteps. “Heading to the library again?”
“Mhmm,” I answered. “Are you going to stay behind again?”

“Might as well. I’m going to fall asleep there anyway,” he groused. “At least here, I can take in some ambient aether.”
“I promise I’ll let you absorb my aether again once we’re back in the Relictombs,” I said apologetically before heading out the door.
Heading out into the crowded street, I looked around. I made it a habit to take a different route with every trip, not only taking in the sights that the busy city had to offer but how the people behaved as well.
Four days had passed since my duel with Aphene and Pallisun. After collecting my prize from the reluctant Cromely and destroying the recording artifacts that he had arranged, I bid my farewell to the small and peaceful town of Maerin.
Loreni, Mayla, and Chief Mason were really the only ones I cared enough about to say goodbye. I had assumed that Mayla would be travelling to Aramoor with us but it turned out that due to how rare a sentry of her innate ability was, she would be sent to a larger city capable of properly testing her.
The usually talkative Mayla had barely uttered a word as Loreni explained all of this with as much enthusiasm she could muster, and I left it at that. The two sisters had been helpful since my arrival in Alacrya and I was thankful for them, but that was it.
Belmun, the shaggy-haired kid that tried to make me take him as my student, came with us along with Braxton and an older male from Maerin that I didn’t recognize.
The entire party from Stormcove Academy had been in a foul mood ever since I had beat them in the duel but acknowledged their loss. Thankfully, the travel to Aramoor was short—almost instant, actually. Within the designated landing port on the edge of academy grounds, Cromely handed me a piece of paper and gave me directions to an inn where I would find comfortable lodgings, then bid me farewell.
I watched Belmun shoot me a wide grin before he and Braxton eagerly followed after the representatives of Stormcove Academy. Trailing behind them silently was the caretaker assigned to them from Maerin.
A light brush against my shoulder brought me out of my thoughts.
“Excuse me! Watch where you’re go—” The blue-haired woman with colorful makeup that accentuated her eyes froze as she gazed up at me. Her cheeks flushed but it might’ve just been her makeup. “O-Oh, my apologies.”
“It’s fine,” I replied, deadpan.
I continued walking, ignoring the lingering gazes of passersby. It was hard to admit but even a supposed small city like Aramoor could give Xyrus City a run for its money.
Restaurants specializing in cuisines of the different dominions lay strewn next to each other while well-dressed denizens sipping on drinks conversing leisurely lounged in cafes with outside patios.
“And don’t come back!” a gruff voice shouted ahead.
A well-built old man, face scarlet and eyes half-closed, lay on the ground as the shop owner of the restaurant slammed the door behind him.
“Bah! Your rum tasted like chilled piss anyway,” the drunkard shouted in a slur, throwing the bottle he had been holding at the door.
By now, a small crowd had formed around him as murmurs of judgement and criticism were heard. The drunkard, however, didn’t seem to mind as he spat on the ground, scratching his bed of long and disheveled gray hair.
He did, however, single me out within the crowd and gave me a glassy stare before walking away with surprising deftness despite his inebriated state.
Not thinking much of it, I eventually passed the row of restaurants and arrived at what seemed like the clothing district.
I debated for a minute whether to purchase some new clothes. Even while wearing the plain shirt and pants I had taken from Town Maerin, I had been drawing attention, which I wanted to minimize.
In the end, I decided against it, not wanting to get caught up in frivolous things. Walking past the shopping district, I made my way toward the small building I had been frequenting ever since coming here: the library.

“Welcome,” the attendant, a bored looking teenage boy, muttered, not caring enough to even peek up from the book he was reading.
Unlike the rest of the city, the library was empty and unembellished, with way too many wooden shelves for the amount of books it contained.
While grabbing a few books that I hadn’t read in the past few days, I ran into a particularly older leather-bound book. What had caught my eye was the red splotches on the corners of the cover and spine. When I opened and flipped through the pages, it looked like the words were actually written in blood.

I cocked a brow, briefly studying the content inside. “Well, this is new.”
I dropped the bloody book in my pile of to-reads before taking a seat in one of the less wobbly chairs.
Looking at the stack of books, I let out an audible sigh.
It was disheartening that I had already come to expect what sort of books these would be even without opening them.
As a totalitarian continent ruled basically by gods, the books that were available in this library were mostly propaganda outlining an embellished history where Agrona and the Vritra descended upon Alacrya to help the inhabitants and bring a new age of magic and technology under the safe haven from the other gods that have vowed to strike down all lessers.
These past few days, I had to stop myself from laughing a few times at the sheer ridiculousness of some of these books. Most of them made Agrona out to be a strict but just god that valued and rewarded the strong, while the asuras of Epheotus were gods that hated Agrona for his love and benevolence toward us lessers and were hell-bent on destroying all of us.
I had to admit that, while it was twisted in a very favorable way toward Agrona and his clan, there were some truths mixed in—namely, the fact that the gods of Epheotus had been the ones to destroy the ancient beings of the old, the ancient mages.
And in order to find those tidbits of information that would prove useful, I had to continue sifting through fictional history and veneration for Agrona and his Vritra clan that seemed to be spread throughout the continent.
Hence, me sitting in front of another stack of books.
The first book that I opened was the one written in blood. Despite its rather insidious source of ink, the content written inside might’ve just been a passionate worshipper of Agrona. It outlined that the unjust gods hated Agrona for loving us and bestowing the lessers with magic as well as spreading his blood. It also neatly reinforced why Agrona wanted everyone to get so strong—so that they could protect themselves and help Agrona fight against the unjust gods that simply wanted to kill them for not being gods.
I always wondered why people here referred to family as ‘blood’, and this book had the answer.
“Interesting,” I whispered to myself as I read through the latter half of the blood-scored book.
It highlighted the importance of how rich your blood was with the Vritra lineage. Apparently, Agrona and the rest of his clans had gotten fairly friendly with the Alacryans of old while they were experimenting.
Of course, the book outlined this as High Sovereign Agrona and his Vritra clan ‘falling in love’ with the people of Alacrya and spreading their ‘seed’ for Alacrya to flourish.
How disturbing.
Thankfully, the next book contained some new information that didn’t have to do with asuran reproduction.
Apparently, aside from Agrona, the High Sovereign that resided in the towering spire situated neatly in the middle of the Central Dominion—which, strangely, had no name unlike the other four dominions.
I squinted my eyes, trying to read the faded name of the spire. “Taegrin Caelum.”

Reading on, the author wrote, “Aside from High Sovereign who resided in the mysterious Taegrin Caelum, there exists five other sovereigns that protect and watch over their respective dominion.”
According to the author, these five ‘Named Sovereigns’, even as gods, were much more intertwined in the lesser affairs of their dominion—playing king while answering only to Agrona, the High Sovereign.
The book eventually trailed off into a tangent describing the various great deeds that the Sovereign residing over Etril, the eastern dominion, had accomplished.
After finishing the book, I took a moment to digest its content. I had thought about what the books had taught me. While factually wrong, it shed light on the culture of this continent, and more importantly, what the people here believed in.
Time passed by in a blur as I became engrossed in the books in front of me. While many were basically different authors’ renditions of Alacrya’s glorified history, time wasn’t completely wasted.
An interesting tidbit of history contained within a book titled, ‘Rise of Ascenders’, was that it wasn’t until about seventy years ago that the term ‘ascenders’ was coined. Before then, practically anyone was able to delve into the Relictombs, but because there were so many mages willing to partake in the ascents to try and get rich, Alacrya’s population was constantly declining.
“It’s a lot like how the Beast Glades was responsible for most of the deaths in Dicathen,” I muttered quietly.
According to the book, while measures had been taken by the Vritra to restrict the Relictombs to only those who passed a rigorous test, this only applied to those who wanted to go deeper than the third floor.
Apparently, the first three zones of the Relictombs were an interconnected underground expanse filled with valuable natural resources with very little beasts present.
The author didn’t seem to be an ascender himself because he never went into further detail on the deeper levels of the Relictombs. However, the first three zones only had weak monsters and were prime places to train even without an ascender’s badge, so anyone was allowed to go in.
“Interesting,” I whispered as I read on.
The book went on a tangent, focusing on the mages that had survived several ascents before this test became mandated. These mages had made a name for themselves from the riches they gained, i.e. Named Bloods.
Basically, they were nobles that seemed to be a tier below the High Bloods who were considered true nobility based on their lineage tracing back to an actual Vritra.
The author went on to applaud the efforts of the Named Bloods and High Bloods that soon built academies to raise ascenders and teach the new generation from their own experiences so that they could better survive.
I couldn’t help but note that this was the first instance that an author had praised someone other than the High Sovereign.
Even under the embellished prose of this particular writer, ascenders were just glorified tomb raiders. To the mass, they were seen as heroes, but it seemed largely because of how Agrona himself placed such importance on it.
The author even wrote that there had been many times where Agrona himself said that his biggest regret was not being able to enter the Relictombs. That was because the ancient mages had designed them so that the vengeful gods of Epheotus would not take advantage of the secrets within and use them against the Alacryans, and thereby not allow the Vritra to go in as well.
I couldn’t help roll my eyes at the section that stressed how Agrona and the Vritra wouldn’t go inside the Relictombs out of fear that their presence would destroy the place, rather than say they couldn’t go.
In the end, the ascenders were basically marketed as heroes risking their lives in a place that gods weren’t able to go in to find treasures left in the wakes of the last ‘ancient beings’. Treasures that would ultimately help the sovereigns fight against the other gods.
“Watch it!” a voice rang from the front of the library.
I turned to see the bored teen up on his feet, angrily glaring at the drunkard—the same drunkard from the restaurant—who had managed to spill whatever liquid was in the bottle in his hand on the floor.
“Oops! Sorry about that, kiddo,” the drunkard said with a hiccup. He sauntered inside the library, teetering on his feet but never actually losing balance.
It wasn’t until his bloodshot eyes locked onto mine that his expression brightened. “Aha! I knew you’d be here.”
He ‘knew’ I’d be here?
While annoyed by both his interruption and his foul stench, my curiosity got the better of me. I remained in my seat as I waited for the drunkard to make his way to my table.
He practically fell on the seat across from mine as he slammed his beverage on the table, liquid splashing on the books.
For a moment the two of us sat silently, gauging each other. Finally, he broke into a wide grin, showing a set of white teeth underneath his unkempt beard and spoke.
“So...what continent are you from?”





Chapter 283
Chapter 283: A Mutually Beneficial Partnership
“This is why you need the expensive stuff!” the drunkard emphasized as the glass hit the bar table with a ‘thud’. “Come on, pretty boy. Take a swig!”
I glared at the grizzled old man with caramel liquid dribbling down the sides of his
mouth and into his beard and wondered how I ended up in this situation.
After the drunkard, who’d introduced himself as Alaric, interrupted me in the library and asked what continent I had come from, I’d promptly dragged him outside for some answers.
Alaric had refused to say any more without something in return. Lo and behold, the alcoholic wanted...alcohol.
He’d then led me to his favorite establishment, which was surprisingly upscale for a man who wasn’t even wearing shoes. We had been here ever since, sitting in the dark corner of the bar table away from the other patrons sprinkled throughout the bar.
Letting out a sharp breath, I lifted my own glass and gulped down the rum.
A smooth burn washed over my mouth and throat, followed by a sweet and oaky wave of flavor that lingered on my tongue.
“There, happy?” I challenged as the drunkard waved his hand at the bartender for a refill.
“I’d be happier if you order the entire bottle,” the old man said with a nudge.
“How about this?” I took the refilled glass in front of him and began slowly pouring the rum into the sink on the other side.
“No!” Alaric drawled as he pulled at my arm, which made me spill even more of the rum. “Fine, fine!”
I placed the half-empty shot glass back in front of the man who quickly snatched it away from my reach.
“What kind of sick bastard throws out good rum,” he grumbled.
Cocking a brow seemed to get the message across that I was no longer in the mood to humor him.
“You see...” Alaric whispered mysteriously as he leaned in close. “I have a crest that tells me you’re not from here.”
I stared deadpan at the old man.
He winked. “Just kidding.”
My annoyance turned to anger. I should’ve known that this alcoholic was just messing with me.
I stood up to leave when the drunkard spoke again.
“I don’t need magic to tell me that.” He rolled his eyes dramatically. “Anyone with half a brain would be able to tell if they spent some time watching you.”
“You were watching me?” I asked, sitting back down.
“Only because you stick out like a sore thumb. You carry yourself like a seasoned warrior, but your build and flawless skin suggests that you’re either a noble, caster, student or all three.” Alaric finished off the rum in his glass before continuing, “As if that’s not strange enough, you look and act like a tourist visiting from a faraway outpost.”
He waved his hand up and down as he examined me with a casual gaze. “You’re a walking bundle of inconsistencies. Now if you were in a more military or politically inclined dominion like Vechor or the Central Dominion, I’d put my nonexistent money on you getting cuffed in less than a day.”
I let out a scoff. “So why haven’t I drawn suspicion until now then?”
“Oh you probably have,” he mused. “Suspicion, curiosity, interest, all of the above. It’s just that Etril has always been a hub of diverse travellers that the worse they’d do is wonder and judge silently.”
After surveying the establishment we were in more carefully, I turned back to Alaric.
“Assuming what you said was correct, what is your reason for making yourself known?” I lowered my voice into a more threatening tone. “Haven’t you thought of the possibility that I’d just get rid of you?”
“In this place, where there are witnesses?” he asked, batting his eyes. “Trust me, kid. If I wanted to turn you in, I would’ve done so from a safe distance, but what does that do for me?”
“Excuse me?” I interjected.
“I don’t get anything out of turning you in.” Alaric paused, leaning in closer for dramatic effect. “If I were to, let’s say, help you instead, I’m sure we could come up with some sort of deal.”
I scoffed, shaking my head. “I think you’ve had one too many drinks. Besides, I don’t have much money.”

“Oh I don’t doubt that,” he agreed. “But I can recognize a golden ticket when it’s fluttering in my face.”
By this time, I was growing a bit uncomfortable, afraid that people would overhear. Alaric must’ve noticed because he waved his hand in dismissal. “Relax. I’ve been obstructing the sound around us so no one has heard a thing we’ve said.”
Is that why Alaric had been gesturing for a refill instead of asking for one?
Disappointed in myself for failing to notice and frustrated at how my lack of mana perception was hindering me in cases like this, I let out a sigh. “So you’re saying that even though you think—”
“Know,” he corrected.
“Think, that I’m not from here,” I stressed. “You’d rather try and strike a deal with me rather than turn me in?”
He cast a sleepy eye at me. “Is that so strange?”
“It’s just that the people from this city seem so reverent of the High Sovereign,” I said.
“What does my respect or disrespect of the Vritra have to do with helping out a refugee?” he quipped.
“Fine,” I acquiesced. “Let’s assume that your suspicions are true. What can you provide me and what exactly would you want in return?”
“You’re an ascender, or at least you’re trying to pass yourself off as one, right?” he questioned.
“How did you know?”
“The inn you’re staying at caters mostly towards ascenders visiting since there’s an ascension chamber in this city,” he answered dismissively. “Now. Onto your first line of questions. I’ll help you blend in so you don’t stick out like an armored troll shopping in city square, no questions asked.”
“No questions asked?” I echoed, interested.
“Frankly, I don’t give two shits about who you are,” he answered, swirling the caramel liquid in his glass. “That’s not it though. I’ll also help train you for ascents.”
I stared at the inebriated man, whose entire face was flushed and eyes barely able to focus on one thing for more than a few seconds. “Why?”
“Well, you’re going to need to be a successful ascender in order to make me lots of money, right?” He let out a scoff. “Good alcohol doesn’t come cheap, you know.”
Admittedly, I was intrigued by his offer. The strange gazes I attracted had been growing more frequent over the past few days. And Aramoor City was even considered one of the most diverse cities according to a book I had read.
“So all you want is money?” I confirmed. “How much of it, exactly?”
“Sixty percent of all of your earnings in the Relictombs as well as any form of ancillary promotions or winnings you earn while you’re on the surface as well,” he answered as if he had the figure set before we’d even sat down.
I gaped. “Sixty percent?”
“Hey! I’m uprooting myself from my beloved home and travelling with you while offering my tutelage.”
“You have a home here?” I raised a brow.
Alaric let out a cough. “The city is my home.”
I rolled my eyes. “So no home.”
“Don’t be so whiny, kid. Besides, Stormcove Academy takes around thirty percent of their graduates’ profits they get from selling accolades or other precious material found only in the Relictombs for the first five years after graduating. And that percentage is even higher in Vechor, Sehz-Clar and the Central Dominion,” he divulged before giving me an innocent expression. “But since you’re from Alacrya, you already knew that, right?”
I actually didn’t know. Much like the rest of the information about Alacrya that I did know, it consisted of tidbits I had picked up here and there by eavesdropping on conversation or asking questions like I had in Maerin.
“Forty percent,” I countered after a brief pause.
“Deal,” he replied immediately.
I raised a brow while Alaric quickly grabbed my hand and shook it.
“Stormcove only charges five percent while even the most prestigious ascender academies charge twenty percent,” he said, shooting me a wink.
This bastard...
Regardless of his deceit, it highlighted how much I needed help outside the Relictombs if I didn’t want to draw attention.
“Will you be coming with me on my ascents?” I inquired.

“Are you crazy? Of course not!” Alaric sputtered. “Does this look like a body fit for that godsforsaken place?”
I nodded. It would be easier that way.

Money wasn’t something I had any greed for. It was the relics I needed and that would be something I could store in my dimensional rune. Even if Alaric’s ascent training was utterly useless, as long as he could help me acclimate to Alacryan lifestyle without prying into me, it’d be worth it.
I didn’t trust this drunkard but at least his intentions were straightforward. I trusted human greed more than kindness, and if he had any other ulterior motives—well, hopefully it wouldn’t come to that. If it does, it shouldn’t be too difficult to remove him as a threat.
“You done introspecting?” Alaric interrupted, holding a new bottle of liquor in his hands.
“What’s that?” I pointed at the bottle.
“Oh this?” He gave me a wide grin. “Down payment.”
I resisted the urge to bury my face in my hands. Out of all the kinds of people out there, how was I stuck with the alcoholic version of Regis?
Suddenly, Alaric jumped off his barstool, stumbling to gain balance before turning to me. “Anyway, we should get moving. Lots of things to do and we’re burning daylight.”
After paying the bartender with my runecard, I followed after my new unstable adviser.
Our first order of business was getting ‘my story straight’, as he called it. To do this, we went back to my inn.
As I opened the door to see Regis waiting by the entrance, I didn’t know what to expect from Alaric.
Both the aetheric dog and drunk man stared at each other silently for a minute, as if still processing what they were actually seeing.
Unexpectedly, Alaric was the one that wobbled over to the black and blazing purple wolf and...patted him on his head.
“Good dog, there, aye,” Alaric slurred as Regis turned to me, giving me a baffled look.
“It’s fine,” I comforted. “This inebriated gentleman will be working with us for the time being.”
“Ah, well in that case. What’s up, old man?”
“It talks!” Alaric gasped, stumbling back behind me to use as a shield.
“How rude. I’m not an ‘it’! I’m a ‘he’...” Regis then cocked his head toward me. “Or am I a ‘she’?”
With a smirk toward Regis, I said, “Does gender matter for a ‘mighty weapon’ such as yourself?”
“I’m a ‘he’,” Regis decided while Alaric continued to mutter curses to himself about how he regretted all of this.
Once I was able to drag my drunk advisor inside the inn, I began to explain my situation with much of the details omitted.
Alaric himself said he wasn’t interested in my past. He just needed enough to go off of in order to come up with a story.
“Okay, Grey. You did a good job not telling people your blood name. That carries much more importance than your given name,” he acknowledged while his eyes continued darting between me and Regis. “First thing’s first. I don’t know how you got acquainted enough to a Denoir that they’d be willing to give you this dagger—”
“Lend,” I corrected.
“Lend. Whatever,” Alaric dismissed. “The important thing is that you don’t tie yourself up with Highblood Denoir. While it’ll definitely get you out of some sticky situations, it’ll also draw too much attention—especially once we get into bigger cities.”
“Then, what do I do?” I stared down at the white dagger in my hand. “Without this, I have no identity here.”
“That’s where I come in,” Alaric replied. “I have an acquaintance who’s an accomplished artificer capable of forging you an identity. You’ll be my nephew that I took under my wing because you didn’t want to follow after your father in the merchant business.”
“You just happen to have an accomplished artificer friend that’s able to forge identities?” I pried, suspicious.
“Accomplished, yes, but gravely underpaid,” he chuckled. “Two clients make him more gold from this side of business than a year’s wage he gets at the fancy laboratory he works at in Sehz-Clar.”
I frowned. “Sehz-Clar? Isn’t that the southern dominion?”
“Relax. He has a tempus warp anchored to this city,” he answered, taking a swig from his newly acquired bottle of alcohol. “Anyway, I need to know a bit more about your... abilities.”
‘How much are you going to tell him?’ Regis asked mentally.

Just enough to have something to work with.
“Augmented regeneration, strength, speed,” I listed off.
“How augmented? And no elements? You’re strictly a striker then?”
“Very augmented,” I said confidently. “No elements, and if you’re asking if I have any long-range spells, not yet.”
“Have you gone on an ascent before?” he asked while deep in thought.
“Just once,” I admitted.
Alaric nodded, undeterred. “That’s better than nothing. How big of a group did you ascend with?”
I tilted my head. “It was just me.”
“Just you...” Alaric repeated slowly, cocking a brow.
“I did team up with a few others in a convergence zone, but we parted ways after,” I explained, not sure what he was thinking when he suddenly lowered his head.
What I didn’t expect was for the old drunk to start laughing maniacally.
Regis and I exchanged a glance and my lupine companion twirled a paw beside his head.
“I’m not crazy!” Alaric snapped, taking another swig from his bottle. “I’m allowed to be happy.”
He looked at me like I was made of jewels. “It’s not everyday that you strike gold like this. A striker capable of not only surviving in the Relictombs but has gotten far enough to reach a convergence zone!”
“Maybe you should ease up on the alcohol,” I warned, but before I could take the bottle away, Alaric shoved the bottle in his dirty pants.
“Don’t you dare, pretty boy.” He narrowed his bloodshot eyes. “Take this away from me and I’ll be nonfunctional and there’s still too much to do.”
Pushing himself off the ground, he teetered toward my companion.
“How did you manage to hide this companion of yours, anyway?” he questioned, studying Regis. “I’d expect him to draw attention, especially in these parts.”
“I usually just hide inside him,” Regis answered in my stead, demonstrating by leaping and disappearing into my body.
Alaric just stared at me for a few moments, opening his mouth at one point only to close it back shut. He repeated this a few times before deciding to take another gulp of his rum. “I’m not even going to ask. Just...make sure that when your companion—”
“Regis,” I cut in. “His name is Regis.”
The old drunkard gestured grandly while rolling his eyes. “Just make sure Regis doesn’t talk in front of other ascenders.”
“So it’s fine to fight alongside Princess here?” Regis asked as he slipped back out of my form. He looked rather excited by the idea.
“I don’t see why not. There are quite a few documented emblems and regalias where elements take on the form of a beast,” Alaric shrugged. “Those summons, however, are basically just animated puppets that can be preprogrammed with certain sets of instructions so no talking and it’s best not to stay out for that long.”
“Hell yes!” Regis whooped. “No more twirling my metaphorical thumbs while watching Princess have all the fun.”
“Now!” Alaric declared. “Since I have the basic rundown, let’s head to our first destination.”
“Which is?” I queried.
“We need to get some new clothes on you,” the drunkard sang as he did a sloppy twirl to demonstrate his point.
“If you’re talking about armor for the ascent, I already—”
“Bah! Not that, you wogart,” Alaric snapped.
Did he just call me a wogart? I didn’t know what that meant but I was pretty sure it was an insult.
“Remember my whole speech about you being a walking bundle of inconsistencies?” Alaric continued, walking toward the door in that unsteady yet surprisingly light-footed gait of his. “Right now, you look like some runaway prince that thinks he’s disguised himself by putting on a shabby outfit. You’d actually draw less attention if you just looked the part of a well-off blood.”
I frowned at the idea of looking like one of those colorful peacocks strutting down the streets. “Can’t I just look more shabby like a commoner? I’d feel more comfortable that way.”
“No,” he stated, deadpan. “Your face stands out too much.”
“My face stands out too much?” I echoed blandly.
“Annoyingly so,” he grumbled. “If I was born with a face like that, I’d just woo some rich highblood lady and bathe in sweet rum every night.”
Regis snickered while Alaric continued to mutter quietly about his delusions.
“Fine, let’s get this over with,” I hissed, following Alaric out of our room as Regis disappeared back into my body. “But what’s after that?”
“You, my dear nephew”—the drunkard patted my back—“will be taking your ascender’s assessment and start making your uncle some money!”





Chapter 284
Chapter 284: Blending In
“This is the fifth outfit already. Is all of this necessary?” I groaned, stepping out of my changing room and into the viewing area.
Waiting for me outside was a plethora of employees working at the high-end clothing boutique as well as customers.
“Kid, do you know how many named bloods seek me out only to be put on my waiting list? I’m only doing this because the old coot asked me for a favor,” the bespectacled old woman that Alaric had introduced as Odile snapped.
Her heels clacked on the tile floors as she strode behind me, tying my hair with a thin string.
“Although...” Odile turned her sharp gaze to the ‘audience’ watching us excitedly. “It seems like I’m not enough since my employees also found the need to offer their professional advice.”
The uniformed employees scattered within the crowd of about twenty or so began chuckling nervously before a blonde-haired clerk spoke up. “All the guests are here as well, Madam Odile. We’re just watching out for them.”
The woman leading me toward the set of mirrors snorted derisively but said nothing as she pushed me onto the platform.
‘A once quadra-elemental Lance, now with the physique and abilities of an asura, has become...a dress-up doll,’ Regis lamented mockingly. ‘Oh, how the mighty have fallen.’
Keep that up and I’ll get you a nice flower barrette that really highlights your purple mane.
Regis let out a cackle. ‘I’d rock it.’
“Your shoulders look narrower when you’re tense like that! We’re going for confidence!” Odile huffed as she combed her short white hair back with her fingers. “Great Vritra, I don’t see what you have to be ashamed about with your face and body.”
There was a disturbing chorus of agreement from the crowd, and while I hated drawing attention to myself, I had to agree that Odile had quite a sense of style that I wasn’t opposed to.
I looked at myself in the tri-fold mirror. In contrast to the tight-fitting armor I had picked up from the Relictombs, Odile had fitted me in a white dress shirt tucked into a pair of black slacks. Rather than wearing a tie or vest, she had me put on a black sweater underneath a dark blue coat. As the final touch, Odile put on what she called a collar bar that accented my suit to give that ‘classy noble look’ she kept going on about.
I liked it. It was a bit more...modern than I had expected—this outfit could easily be something I could see in my old world. But I wasn’t a walking rainbow goose like some of the other denizens here. Honestly, as long as it allowed me to blend in, there wasn’t really more I could ask for.
“He’s a rather whiny boy, but I knew you’d want to get your hands on him,” Alaric chimed. The old drunk had also washed up, trimmed his hair and beard and changed into a completely black suit. He was currently closing the curtains to block out the audience that had formed, much to their displeasure.
“I just wish you would’ve told me in advance so I could procure an image capture artifact,” Odile said with a sigh. She snapped out of her daze and stuck a finger at Alaric. “That doesn’t change the fact that I did you a favor, you old drunk! Don’t you dare try to change that.”
Alaric raised his hands—one of which was still holding onto a bottle of rum—placatingly. “I meant to do nothing of the sort, my beloved crone.”
“You’re still drinking?” I asked, exasperated. “How’re you going to handle the hangover after all of the alcohol you’ve drunk so far?”
“You can’t get a hangover if you’re always drunk,” he said sagely, tapping his temple with a finger.
I opened my mouth to say something while Alaric stared at me as if daring me to refute his point. My words just came out as an unintelligible grumble.
After gathering the literal pile of clothes that Odile had chosen for me and taking it to the front counter to pay, I was met with a confused clerk.
“Your clothes have already been paid for by Madam Odile,” she said while bagging my clothes.

“Oh.” I looked at the amount of outfits that were strewn across the counter. “This is a lot of clothes. I’d feel more comfortable paying.”
“Don’t take it the wrong way. It’s an investment on my part,” Odile’s husky voice rang from behind. I turned to see her walking beside Alaric, toward me. “It seems like the old coot found someone interesting and I wanted to be a part of it.”
“Let’s go, Grey. Before she tries to rip me off even more,” Alaric muttered grumpily.
Alaric and I were back out on the busy streets where the sun was beginning to set. A courier would be delivering our new clothes to the inn, which only left us with one last stop for the day.
“Listen up, my lovely nephew,” Alaric began, sauntering beside me as we made our way out of the shopping district. “If we’re going to get you an ascender’s badge as soon as possible without having you affiliated with any sort of institution, here’s what we have to do...”
The old drunk proceeded to explain his plan. Basically, Alaric would pose as my uncle who had been teaching me to hone my magic and survival skills ever since my bestowment since I had no intention of being a merchant like my father. Now that I was of age and had been thoroughly trained, he would be the one to vouch for me in order to take the assessment.
I raised a brow. “So anyone can just vouch for you in order to take the assessment?”
“Don’t be silly. It’s because your uncle is a retired ascender himself that he’s qualified to vouch for you,” Alaric said with a cheeky grin. “Unfortunately, passing the assessment won’t be enough.”
“What do you mean?”
“You’ll have to participate in—and survive—one ascent by tagging along with an experienced party,” he explained. “Only then will you get an ascender’s badge. Thankfully there’s an Ascension Chamber right here in Aramoor, which I assumed you were planning to visit since you’re here.”
I shook my head. “I had no intention of going to the Relictombs in this city.”
Sylvia’s message had given me memories of the four ruins within the Relictombs that I needed to get to. I had already visited one of them, and while I didn’t have an exact map of where the rest of these ruins were, I knew they weren’t in Aramoor City.
“As both your uncle and your partner in crime, may this one ask where it was you were planning on going?” he questioned, staring at me with that glassy gaze of his. While he still looked drunk, Alaric looked much more reliable now that he’d cleaned himself up.
“I’m looking for ruins within the Relictombs. They weren’t in the Relictombs here.”
“You really aren’t from around here, are you?” he sighed before leaning closer as we walked. “I’m sure you’ve noticed this by now from the last time you were inside, but the Relictombs don’t have a conventional structure that you can travel through. You’ve heard of simulets, right?”
“I have,” I replied, the memory of Daria offering one to me still fresh in my mind.
“Most of the deaths within the Relictombs happened before the development of the simulets. Before then, even if you crossed an entrance together at the same time holding hands, you would most likely be transported to different zones.” Alaric let out a sigh before continuing. “You say you’re looking for these ‘ruins’ within a specific zone, but the truth is, it doesn’t really matter where you enter the Relictombs, since you never know where you’ll end up.”
I had a feeling this was the case but I had hoped that entrances in different areas would lead to different parts of the Relictombs.
“So I just have to blindly wander around the Relictombs before I stumble across what I’m looking for by chance?”
Alaric took another sip of his rum, letting out a loud burp before answering. “Some say that the Relictombs has a will of its own, left behind by the ancient mages.”
Ancient mages, or ‘djinn’, as the entity that had left me with the keystone referred to himself. I wouldn’t be surprised if the Relictombs did have a mind of its own, but it still didn’t help me in my case. I hated how so much was still outside of my control.
I rubbed my temples. “Fine. It doesn’t seem like I have much of a choice.”
“Good.” Alaric patted my back. “I have no idea how strong you are, but remember that, while trained, you definitely should try and at least act like you’re having a hard time. Once you’ve gotten your ascender’s badge, it might not be a bad idea to accumulate experience with other parties if you really don’t want to draw attention to yourself.”
‘You should just ‘summon me’ and let me take the test,’ Regis chimed in.
“Are solo ascenders that rare?” I asked, ignoring my companion. Trider’s surprise when I mentioned it came to mind.

“Very,” Alaric answered as he weaved deftly through the crowded street filled with pedestrians. “The Relictombs are much too unpredictable even today, when we have so many records of different zones. It’s why experienced sentries are as important as—if not more than—battle mages.”
“What sort of mage were you then?” I questioned, looking at the old drunk. He looked about fifty at least, and although he sported a large beer belly, it couldn’t mask the warrior’s build that he once had.
Alaric turned to face me, cocking a brow. “I thought our deal here was that we don’t pry and ask questions that are unnecessary.”

I shrugged. It would be a lie to say I wasn’t curious about the old drunk, but it seemed like he had about as much reason to keep me at a distance as I did for him. It was probably why he never specifically confirmed whether I was from Dicathen, even though it was probably pretty obvious to him by now.
We continued our way through the streets of Aramoor in relative silence until we arrived at the gates of a large rhombus-shaped building that stood by itself, surrounded by a lush grass lawn. A single paved road, lined on both sides with statues of battle mages, led to the building.
“This is it, dearest nephew,” Alaric said casually while handing me a small metal card with ‘Grey’ written on it along with a series of numbers and a birth date signifying me as twenty-two. While I was a bit younger than that, physically, I didn’t say anything.
I stored the card safely in the inside pocket of my coat. “When did you have the time to get this?”
“During the time Odile was having fun dressing you up,” he replied, walking up toward the guard stationed inside the booth next to the front gate.
After Alaric gave the guard his identification card along with a piece of paper, the gate soon opened.
The old drunkard slid his hand over one of the statues. “Impressive, isn’t it?”
‘These look like toys compared to the statue hallway we first ended up in,’ Regis mused.
I agreed with a smile, reminiscing how many times I had almost died in that zone alone. Good times.
Despite how quiet it was outside, when we walked through the doors of the rather flat building, a cacophony of noises erupted from inside.
Alaric cackled in pleasure, noticing my surprise. “Busy, right? There are teleportation gates inside every ascender building restricted only to ascenders and a platform where they can use their own tempus warps.”
My eyes scanned the various groups of mages gathered in their own circles, busy either talking to clerks or amongst themselves. “So the gates are purely for candidates testing to become ascenders?”
“It’s actually really just for normal civilians to gaze upon the majesty of us ascenders,” Alaric said with a wink. “Come on. The testing area is this way.”
Walking through the marble-floored building reminded me of some of the nicer Adventurers Guild Halls back in Dicathen, except it was much larger and had a much wider array of accommodations. From weapon and armor polishing services, glass meeting rooms for strategizing, resting pods filled with high concentrations of mana for faster healing, to even large training rooms that teams could rent out. It was an all-inclusive facility that you could spend days in.
Alaric took his time going through the different sorts of facilities that every ascender building offered...for a fee, of course. This was, once again, a cold reminder of how much more developed Alacrya was compared to Dicathen.
“How are these training rooms able to take the strain of mages fighting inside?” I asked, watching a team of ascenders leaving one of the private training rooms dripping in sweat.
Alaric knocked on the solid metal wall of the training room. “The instillers that work on the ascender buildings are top class, and the metal making up these rooms are special alloys only found in the northern mountains of Truacia.”
‘Instillers are basically enchanters specializing in enhancing objects with their mana,’ Regis clarified after sensing my confusion.
Finally, we arrived in the area designated for helping ascender candidates. Unlike the other areas within the facility, the large circular waiting area was filled with mages.
Aside from a few nervous applicants that wore regular clothing, most of the mages present in this area looked around my age and were all wearing different militaristic uniforms. Strewn throughout were several older mages, garbed in more traditional robes that walked around, talking to some of the uniformed mages.
“Most applicants come from academies, hence the reason why they look like they have a stick up their ass,” Alaric whispered distastefully. “Unfortunately for you, most ascenders look down on the ‘unschooled,’ as they say. It might be hard for you to attract a party so do decently well—but not too well.”

I frowned. “What is ‘decently well’ supposed to be?”
“Just follow their instructions,” the drunkard dismissed, picking his ear. “They’ll tell you what you need to do to pass.”
The two of us took a seat near the far end of the circular waiting area after Alaric signed me up for a practical skill assessment.
“Damn, I really need a flask,” Alaric muttered beside me, struggling to drink alcohol while hiding it within his suit jacket.
“What you need is help,” I retorted with a scoff.
“Thank you for caring so much about your uncle’s health, dearest nephew,” Alaric said with a smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes.
We continued waiting, and with nothing better to do, I closed my eyes and visualized the realm within the keystone. By now, I had accessed the relic so many times that I could imagine the kaleidoscopic space clearly enough to simulate previous attempts and try learning from them.
‘Check it out. Some of the girls are checking you out,’ Regis commented with a giggle.
Are you twelve? I shot back, not bothering to open my eyes.
‘Technically, I’m not even one,’ my companion argued. ‘But that’s not the point. Some of them are pretty cute.’
How do you even know what cute is? I asked.
‘I’m made from you, remember?’ Regis reminded me. ‘So technically, my interpretation of cute is actually your interpretation of cute.’
Curiosity getting the best of me, I cracked a peek to see a trio of girls a few rows in front of me quickly turn back while giggling amongst themselves. That’s when I also noticed a powerfully built student, whose uniform was having a hard time containing his muscles, glaring at me not far away.
“Are you trying to drill a hole with your gaze?” Alaric snapped. “Come on. You’re up next.”
I followed the old man down the aisle of seats until a thin male clerk guided us through a narrow hallway leading to a circular room.
“Your assessment will be through portal five,” he said, motioning us toward the shimmering gate. “Guardians will be led to the viewing room where they can watch from there. Any questions?”
Alaric went ahead through the portal marked with a ‘five’ without a word and I followed after him.
The jarring sensation of teleportation gates in Dicathen had been largely muted as I stepped through, leaving only a dull sense of vertigo that quickly faded. Studying my new surroundings, I took in the brightly lit tunnel we seemed to be in.
Runes flashed on the immaculate white walls, illuminating our way. Aside from the main path that stretched out in front of us, there was a set of stairs to our right, a metal sign indicating that it led to the viewing room.
“Break a leg.” Alaric smacked my back before heading up the stairs. “It’ll be interesting to see you fight.”
With a deep breath, I made my way through the marble pathway, this entire area reminding me of some sort of underground lab rather than any sort of testing area.
The room that I had entered was a small changing room with some kind of tight suit neatly folded on a bench as well as a locker for me to hang my current clothes.
“For your own safety, please wear the protective suit,” a prerecorded voice repeated every few minutes as I changed.
After putting on the foamy skin-tight suit covered in runes, I walked over to the entrance clearly labeled ‘assessment hall’. I had to admit that it was impressive when the runes on the suit flashed brightly as I neared the entrance and the doors slid open as if the suit itself was required to go through.
‘Wow...fancy,’ Regis commented.
Despite such differences in experience, my mind still expected to see an arena of some sort, but walking through the automatic sliding metal doors, I was greeted with the sight of a huge chamber.
The enormous room was a perfect cube that was around fifty yards in width, height, and length with rows of intricate runes pulsating throughout the walls. Both the floor and walls were divided into smaller square tiles but devoid of anything else aside from a glass pane near the ceiling which several shadowed figures stood behind.
“Candidate Grey, striker,” a voice boomed from high above. “Your first assessment will now begin.”
That was it. No guidance, no instructions of any sort. Instead, a row of lower square tiles receded from the wall and out crawled a trio of giant armored spiders...each of which were at least twice my height.
Regis let out a groan. ‘Again...how come all of the monsters we fight are so damn ugly?’





Chapter 285
Chapter 285: Ascension 101
As the three giant spiders, each one clad in rune-covered armor to protect their bulbous bodies and twitching legs, let out a series of chittering hisses, I couldn’t help but wonder how they had gotten these beasts out of the Relictombs.
‘Maybe they’re just normal mana beasts from the surface,’ Regis answered.
Ah. You’re probably right, but aren’t these supposed to test—
One hulking, armored form skittered toward me, cutting my conversation with Regis short. Despite the spider’s large frame, it moved incredibly fast.
The runes on my suit began glowing brighter as one of the spider’s clawed legs slashed past me.
‘Hey, do you think the runes on your gear react to the runes on the spider’s armor?’ Regis asked.
Artificing was not my field of expertise, but I thought Regis was probably onto something. Perhaps the shadowy judges above could track my performance with the runes, similar to how Emily had helped me train back in the castle. I could just imagine how fascinated Emily or Gideon would be if they saw something like this firsthand.
Actually, Gideon would probably feign disinterest while getting grumpy out of envy, I thought with a smile.
I dodged another barrage of strikes from the spider, glancing toward the other two, which were still waiting at the edge of the assessment hall.
The giant spider lunged at me and I grabbed its fangs, holding it at arm’s length. “Uh, excuse me?” I called out as I turned into the momentum of the spider’s attack, using its own weight to send it tumbling away. “What exactly am I supposed to do for this assessment?”
There was no response.
Frustrated, but hesitant to do anything that might give away my strength, I continued to defend against the relentless assault of the first spider, feeling like a mouse fleeing from a tarantula. As I threw myself back from a slash of the spider’s claws, a warning sounded in my mind and I was forced to spin and dive to the side to avoid the stabbing fangs of the second spider, which had suddenly burst into motion and joined the battle. Had the mana beasts’ armor been designed to be more silent, I might not have heard the creature’s hurried approach in time.
‘What do you suppose happens if those things bite you? Do people die in this test?’
Thanks for the concern, but I’m fine, I thought back, sliding under one spider’s thick legs just as the other leapt at me, causing them to collide with a crash.
‘I’m not concerned, I’m bored.’
My companion’s words got me thinking, and so I started to experiment, purposely allowing a few of the spider’s strikes to hit me.
Surprisingly, despite the speed at which the spider struck, most of the force was dampened upon contact, as if the foam suit I was wearing was several feet thick, rather than several millimeters.
‘You should find out what happens if you get hit in the face,’ Regis suggested, half out of curiosity, half for his own amusement.
Despite Regis’s obvious intentions, I was curious too. I waited until the third spider had sprung to life and joined its brethren, then, right after I had dodged one of the spider’s fangs, I let spider number three swing down at my cheek with its front limb.
The runes around the collar of my suit lit up, encasing my entire head in a silvery dome. The runes surrounding the limb that was about to strike my cheek also flared to life, and, just as it made contact with the protective barrier around my head, both of us were blown back by a concussive force.
I spun in the air, landing on my feet, but the three spiders’ bodies slumped. They scuttled slowly toward the tiles that they had come out from as if they’d been scolded, then the tiles closed behind them.
“The next assessment will now begin,” the examiner watching behind the glass window declared, his voice echoing through the chamber.
Before the last echo had faded, the entire testing chamber began trembling, and the tiles on the ground and walls began sliding outward, forming square pillars. The tile on which I’d been standing lifted me upwards a few feet, then water began flooding the room below me.
“Seize the gem located at the top of the assessment hall before the water touches you,” the voice commanded. “Begin.”
I rolled my eyes. At least this time I had some clear instructions.
Wasting no time, I channeled aether into my legs and leapt from platform to platform. The entire chamber had been transformed into a sort of vertical maze, with rectangular platforms criss-crossing each other to block my view of the top.
Additionally, the platforms moved at random intervals, keeping me on my toes more so than the oversized spiders.
Regardless, with my draconic physique and aetheric enhancements, the assessment was little more than a casual climb up a children’s play structure. High above the floor where I fought the spiders, I found a fist-sized crystal hanging from the center of the ceiling. Below me, the water had filled less than a quarter of the space.
As soon as I grabbed the crystal, the platforms slowly receded, and the water drained through a series of empty tiles in the floor. The pillar I stood atop lowered until I was again standing in an empty square room.

After the water had completely drained and the chamber was back to its original empty form, the central squares of the room began to glow with a dull blue light. A single square at one corner glowed white.
“Please step onto the white square,” the judge announced in his eerie, echoing voice. I did as I was asked, though a part of my mind told me it was stupid. What did I really know about this whole place? They could have detected my lack of mana, or Alaric could have turned me in, and stepping on that white square might disintegrate me, or teleport me into a prison cell, or—
I caught myself before I dug myself into a hole and steeled my nerves. There was no reason for them to be suspicious, and I had already decided to trust the old drunk. I was in the heart of the enemy’s empire, but here I was Grey, not Arthur Leywin.
Once I was standing with both feet firmly placed on the white square, further instructions echoed down from the shadows above.
“Step only on the white tiles. Your goal is to reach the black tile”—one blue tile turned black in the opposite corner from where I stood—“without leaving the platform or touching the blue tiles. You must do so before you pass out from mana loss.”
‘Wait, what did he just—’
Regis was cut off as a sucking pressure began pulling at every inch of me, and I felt the aether in my body being drawn out through my aether channels. How the hell?
‘It’s like that platform in the Relictombs!’ Regis shouted in my mind. ‘They must have modeled this place after those crazy djinn’s tests.”
He was right, of course. I immediately pulled all of my aether back into my core, similar to what I had done with my hand back in the Relictombs, and it seemed to work. My physical body was weakened due to the lack of augmentation, but it drastically slowed the rate at which aether was being sucked out of my body.
I bet they don’t even realize what they’ve created here. There is no way they know that this place can manipulate aether as well as mana.
‘Probably a good thing, though. The sweaty, pained expression on your face doesn’t give anything away.’
I suddenly realized that, while I had been speaking to Regis, the tile in front of me had turned white, and the tile below my feet was slowly turning blue. I stepped forward quickly, and the title behind me instantly changed to the same glowing blue hue as the rest of the tiles. Besides the square I was standing on, one tile to my right, and one tile in front of me were also white.
This, too, was familiar. It wasn’t exactly the same as the revolving platform puzzle I had navigated in the Relictombs, but it was similar in premise: a maze that I couldn’t see until I was standing in it.
I chose the right hand path, and two more tiles turned white, one in front of me, one to my left. I stepped forward again, and the tiles forward and to my left and right all turned white. When I stepped forward once more, however, I found myself at a dead end as no new squares changed color, and was forced to return to the previous tile.
The path changed before me with each step, sometimes leading me backwards, other times stopping suddenly, forcing me to dart back to a safe square before the title under my feet turned blue. And all the while, the aether continued to leak out of me. After nearly two full minutes, I had progressed approximately halfway across the board when the voice from above spoke again.
“Your ability to manipulate and contain your mana is impressive. We will now increase the level of difficulty, but not to worry—you will be scored at a handicap.”
Behind me, the corner square where I had started turned gray, then fell out of sight, leaving a shadowed pit beneath it.
‘Oh, great.’
I waited, counting until the next square descended.
Twenty seconds between squares, unless they speed up as they go. That gives us...a few minutes at most.
‘Step on it, chief,’ Regis urged.
As I progressed across the platform, I twice found myself turned around and cut off by the collapsing tiles. Still, this maze was a much simpler version of the one I experienced in the Relictombs, and even that hadn’t been able to stump me.
It took only two more minutes before I was standing on the black square. Behind me, more than half of the tiles were missing. Internally, I could feel that I’d lost perhaps a third of my aether.
The missing squares reappeared, the lit tiles all faded back to their default dull gray, and the sucking pressure vanished.
A panel in the far wall slid open, revealing a second entrance to the assessment hall. A man and woman, each garbed in white mage robes with a distinct red band on the right arms, walked out, my “uncle” tottering behind them.
“Striker candidate Grey,” a thin bespectacled man said, reading off his clipboard. “Flexibility of offensive magic, below average. Manipulation of mana, above average. Athleticism, above average. Mental acuity, above average. Survivability rate, high.”
I cocked a brow, amused by the man’s reading that my mana manipulation was above average even though I didn’t have a shred of mana in me.
The bespectacled man finally looked up and gave me a smile. “Congratulations, Grey. You have passed the assessment.”
“Of course my nephew passed!” Alaric huffed before walking over to me and patting me on my shoulder.
“I have to say, your ability to obscure your use of mana is impressive,” the blonde woman said, echoing the examiner’s praise. “Even our suit wasn’t able to pick up on the minute traces of leakage while you augmented your limbs.”
“It is impressive indeed,” the bespectacled tester agreed. “And it’ll serve you well in the Relictombs since many of the beasts within are attracted to mana.”

I simply nodded at this new information, but quickly added a smile and said, “Thank you,” when I noticed Alaric staring at me intently.
“I highly recommend that you party with a caster, as you specialize heavily in close combat. Even better if that party has a shield as well,” the woman added before offering her hand. “We hope to see great results on your initiation ascent.”

I took her hand. “I’ll do my best.”
After I had changed back to my casual attire, Alaric and I were escorted back through the teleportation gate to Aramoor City’s ascender building.
“I guess you weren’t just spouting nonsense when you said you reached a convergence zone by yourself,” Alaric muttered before taking a sip of his rum. “You lasted for a pretty long time against those arachnoids.”
“Really?” I asked, surprised. “How long do ascenders usually last?”
“Well, if you saw one in the wild, the sensible thing to do would be to burn them down, but the arachnoids that they use for testing are protected heavily by runes,” Alaric explained. “You weren’t able to do any damage to them, which is why they marked you low for that, but you still lasted longer than a lot of the formally trained candidates from academies.”
I turned to Alaric, who was peering down the nozzle of the dark glass bottle, trying to see how much rum he had left. “Would you believe me if I said that the times I got hit were on purpose?”
The old drunk’s eyes shifted to me as he raised a brow. “You got hit...on purpose? Why?”
“To see how the runes on the suit worked?” I looked away and rubbed the back of my neck, suddenly embarrassed.
“So while you were facing off against a giant armored mana beast, you thought that, ‘Hey, let me try getting hit in the face to see if this suit protects me!’ was a valid train of thought?” he asked slowly as we walked down a quiet corridor leading back to the main hall.
“It wouldn’t really have done any lasting damage even if I got hit.”
“Oh right, your very augmented regenerative abilities, right?” He rolled his eyes. “I can’t tell whether you’re an idiot or just ridiculously overconfident.”
“Those two traits aren’t necessarily mutually exclusive,” Regis chimed in with a snicker, his head peeking out. “He can be both.”
Alaric raised his bottle of alcohol. “I can drink to that.”
“You can drink to anything,” I groused, shoving Regis back into my body.
Alaric eyed me seriously. “Regardless... Idiocy and overconfidence are two of the biggest causes of deaths in the Relictombs.”
“I’ll keep that in mind,” I said dismissively.
“Good.” Alaric veered left at a fork into a larger hallway with marked doors on either side.
I followed closely behind the old man, watching his head turn left and right as if searching for a specific room.
“Where are we going?” I finally asked.
“My end of the bargain,” he said without turning back. “Now come on, the faster you’re briefed, the faster you can find a team and go on your preliminary ascent.”
“And then the faster I start making money?” I finished.
“Good-looking and smart. You’re just the whole package, aren’t you?” Alaric said mockingly.
Moments later, Alaric stopped in front of a door labeled “C28,” inserted a rune-inscribed key into the lock, and waited. The lock clicked, and he pushed his way through the door and slumped down at a large circular table, beckoning me to join him. The room had no windows and only a single entrance; inside, the table was surrounded by eight chairs. There was a projection artifact on the table and a drawing board hanging on the wall, but the room was otherwise empty.
“The rooms here are completely soundproof and impossible to scry into, even for regalia-holding sentries,” Alaric confirmed.
“Great! That means I can come out,” Regis exclaimed, leaping from my back and prancing once around the table before stopping to stretch.
“All right, we only have half an hour reserved so let’s get started,” the old drunkard declared, stamping his bottle of rum on the table as if it were a gavel.
He turned his chair around so he could reach the drawing board and picked up an ink brush. Regis and I watched in silence as he drew two wide ovals, one stacked above the other.
“These disks represent the first two floors of the Relictombs,” he began.

Regis raised a paw. “Question. I thought the different areas in the Relictombs were called zones?”
Alaric massaged the bridge of his nose. “They are...after the first two floors, which I was going to get to eventually.”
“Then please proceed,” Regis responded calmly.
“Anyway, I’m sure you two noticed already, but unlike zones, the first two floors are all interconnected,” Alaric explained.
“Wait,” I interrupted. “So all of the ascenders end up in the same place in these first two floors?”
Alaric raised a brow. “You sound confused. It would be impossible not to notice other ascenders on these two floors.”
“I wound up in the Relictombs in an...unconventional way,” I said. Regis scoffed beside me but I ignored him.
“Not interested,” the old drunk said, raising both his hands placatingly. “Just know that these two floors are vastly different from the zones you’ve explored.”
“What do you mean?”
“These two floors represent how far Alacrya has come in colonizing the Relictombs,” he answered in a low voice. He paused for a moment, then seemed to shake himself out of whatever reverie he had just lapsed into. “The first floor is where aether monsters are bred and raised for specific raw material. But there are also a lot of merchants on the first floor—never buy anything from the merchants on the first floor!”
I gave Alaric a curious look.
“There are a load of scammers that prey on new ascenders who don’t yet know any better,” he explained, shaking his head.
“Were you one of those scammers?” Regis asked with a chuckle.
“Hush, pup,” Alaric snapped, though he couldn’t quite hide the sly smile that crept onto his face. “Anyway, the second floor is where the majority of ascenders actually spend their days. You’ll also be able to buy some new armor and weapons there if you need it.”
“Is that why I haven’t seen any armories or weapon shops in Aramoor?” I asked.
“Yes,” the old man replied. I realized that he no longer gave me strange looks when I asked questions about what was probably common knowledge amongst the Alacryans. Apparently he had grown used to my ignorance. “You might find some small ones on the surface, but the majority of them are on the second floor.”
Alaric went on to describe what seemed like an entire city built within the second floor of the Relictombs. Aside from the smithies and shops, there were training grounds, inns, merchants who would buy your accolades, and even restaurants.
I shook my head. “I get that having some of these things in the Relictombs would be convenient, but is there really a need for an entire city catered to the ascenders?”
“You have to realize that the shop owners and workers there are also ascenders,” Alaric said, taking another swig of his rum. “It’s very hard to open a store on the second floor, but being right there when a party of ascenders stumbles half dead out of the Relictombs is good business. Some hardly ever leave, just returning to the second floor to rest and regain their strength before diving back in again. There are other perks, too, though. For example, there aren’t any taxes on goods or services within the Relictombs.”
“Another way for Agrona to promote the livelihood of ascenders?” I asked, gazing at the simple oval drawing and trying to picture a thriving city built around ascending alone. I thought of the Wall before the horde of mana beasts attacked; it hadn’t been so different there, where an entire economy had grown up around the Wall’s defenders.
“Yup! There’s even bigger rewards if you actually manage to find a relic, but it’d be foolish of us to bank on that,” Alaric explained.
After the drunkard finished his brief explanation of the workings of the first two floors, he explained what I should expect during this preliminary ascent. There was only so much he could tell me about the zones, since the portals from zone to zone could take me anywhere, but he explained where to look for a party and what to look for in potential party members that would be useful. Some of what he told me I could have worked out on my own, but it was Alaric’s insight into the ascender culture that I knew would prove invaluable.
“I understand,” I repeated for the fourth time as we left the room, Regis safely back inside of me. “A good party composition is the key to success. I should find ascenders who compliment not only my own skills but each other’s. I’m only required to go to one zone, so don’t over do it. Got it.”
Alaric narrowed his eyes as he looked at me. “You’re a very boring person, have I ever told you that?” he grumbled.
Ignoring him, the two of us walked down the brightly lit hallway, following the signs that directed us toward the ascension chamber, which was sensibly located right beside the ascender building.
The hallways got busier as we approached the edifice housing the ancient portal that would take me back to the Relictombs. Unlike adventurers in Dicathen, ascenders came in all shapes and sizes.
It was particularly amusing to see a herculean warrior, who must have weighed over three hundred pounds, standing politely in line behind a petite girl garbed in what looked like an academy uniform.
“This is as far as I can go,” Alaric said, gazing toward the portal with that faraway look I’d seen in the conference room. He jumped when a passing ascender accidentally bumped against him, then scratched at the back of his head awkwardly. “I’ll stand by in our room back at the inn.”
“Don’t trash the place,” I said, turning toward the line.
“Ah—”
I turned back to see him reach out as if wanting to grab me.
“Was there something else you wanted to say?”
“Er...” Alaric cleared his throat. “Just...don’t die, kid. And don’t ever fall into one of those parties that require you to pay a ‘fee.’ They’re always scams.”
‘Aww, he cares about you,’ Regis teased.
“Thanks, Uncle. Did you want a hug as well?” I asked with a smirk.
“Snarky brat. Just hurry up and get your damn badge so you can start making money,” he grumbled before turning to leave.
I stepped into the growing line, excited at the prospect of making progress once more, frustrated that I wasn’t moving fast enough...and scared for what the future held. Pushing down the cacophony of emotions, I focused solely on the entrance to the Relictombs ahead.





Chapter 286
Chapter 286: How to Survive
“I can tell by your wandering gaze that you’re new here. Well, you’re in luck! We have—”
“Not interested,” I interrupted, waving away a thin man with shiny, slick-backed hair.
It only took four steps to be stopped by another resident of the first floor. A petite girl wearing a short battle-skirt—way too short to provide any sort of coverage in a fight—brushed her arm against mine and glanced up at me.
“Would you like to join my team? There are only us girls, and we’d really like a strong, cool man like you around,” she said, batting her eyes.
I had arrived on the first floor less than ten minutes ago and this was already the seventh time I’d been stopped. Even after all of Alaric’s warnings, I hadn’t expected things to be this bad.
Losing my patience, I exerted a light pulse of aetheric pressure.
A ripple ran through the surrounding crowd as they stiffened and shied away from the source of the pressure. The girl’s eyes went wide and she stepped back, staring at me as though I were a demon.
‘Begone, foul wench!’ Regis declared theatrically in my head as the girl scurried away.
Aside from the constant movement of workers and the ever-present hucksters, there wasn’t much to look at on the first floor. The air was stuffy and it smelled of sweat, dirt, and excrement.
The first floor stretched out for miles on either side of me, and I couldn’t even see the ceiling above us...if there even was one. From what I could tell, there was no ambient light. The wide pathways were lit by a combination of torches and cranes holding up a web of light orbs high above our heads.
Most of the space I could see from the main path was dominated by huge quarries and even larger fenced fields of tall orange grass, where cattle-like beasts roamed mindlessly.
The entire area was a cacophony of grinding metal, breaking rock, distant bestial crooning, and a lot of loud conversations fighting each other for supremacy. Meanwhile, ascenders filed toward the teleportation gate leading to the second floor in droves.
As I got closer to the gate, the crowd of ascenders funnelled into yet another single-file line. A pair of imposing guards—their rune-scored backs proudly displayed by their armored uniforms—were checking each person for their ascender’s badge before letting them through.
When it was my turn, the guard stuck out an armored hand, looking me up and down. “Badge?”
I gave him my badge. After a quick scan, he let out a scoff and handed it back to me. “Good luck on your prelim, wogart.”
Though irritated by the obvious pejorative, I ignored the comment and stepped cautiously through the glass-like portal leading to the second floor.
I was tired, annoyed, and hot from the half hour I had been on the first floor, but all of those negative feelings were completely washed away as I took in the sight in front of me.
‘Damn...’ Regis let out a whistle.
The second floor was nothing like the industrial wasteland I had just come from and completely different from what I myself had imagined.
It was an entire city, miles wide, built under a radiant, sunless sky. The streets were paved with decorative tiles that sparkled under the glowing blue expanse overhead.
Along the avenue, hovering orbs of soft light filled neatly placed, elegant street lamps, giving the streets an almost ethereal quality.
“Get out of the way!” a husky voice barked behind me.
I snapped out of my daze, apologizing to the burly man, then walking forward. It was a lot to take in, even for someone who had lived in a flying city.
The streets were busy but never congested, with ascenders everywhere. It was like being back in the Adventurers Guild Hall in Xyrus, if it had expanded to take over the entire city.
As Alaric had suggested, businesses catering to ascenders were ubiquitous. The embellished signs hung above the multi-level storefronts advertised everything from blacksmiths to butchers. I saw several shops specializing in the creation and repair of certain weapons, markets where one might find simpler needs, such as dried rations or a new pair of boots, and I even found an impressive building advertising imbuing services for artifacts and accolades.
However, what I saw the most were inns. In fact, most of the multi-storied brick buildings of varying colors and decorations were inns, all of which were advertising long-term rental of rooms, most often paid by the month rather than the day.
“Alaric was right. You could spend your entire life here,” I muttered under my breath.
‘Focus! You look like a country bumpkin. Remember that we’re here for your ascent,’ Regis chided, even though he was just as absorbed in sightseeing as I was.
I realized I had become so sidetracked that I wasn’t sure which direction to go to find a team. Alaric had provided several tips for what to look for in potential teammates and what kind of negotiations to expect, but his guidance on navigating the second level had, I realized, been pretty shallow.
Making my way back toward the portal I had arrived from, I searched for any sort of laborer or guard who could help guide me in the right direction. On this side of the portal, however, there was only a constant stream of ascenders.

“Excuse me?” I said, tapping a passing man on his shoulder. “Do you know where I can find a team for a preliminary ascent?”
The bearded man, whose golden chainmail vest made him practically glow, cocked his head toward me and shot me a glare. “Shove off.”
After receiving several such colorful rejections by other ascenders, a younger gentleman that looked only a few years older than me actually looked willing to help.
“Are you serious?” he asked with an amused chuckle.
“It’s my first time here,” I admitted, scratching my cheek.
“Come on,” the man motioned with his chin. “I’m actually heading over there anyway.”
Walking out of the main avenue, the two of us walked across a less crowded street. I sized the man up as we walked; he wore a fitted set of dark leather armor, well crafted but much less opulent than what I’d seen some of the other ascenders wearing, like the man with the golden chainmail. He moved confidently, clearly knowing exactly where he was headed.
“So what academy are you from?” he asked languidly. “Probably a slim chance, but maybe I’m an alum.”
I shook my head. “I didn’t go to an academy. My uncle trained me.”
“And you managed to pass the assessment? Congrats,” he said with a smile before sticking out his hand. “I’m Quinten, by the way.”
“Grey,” I responded, receiving his gesture.
“So have you had a chance to tour the city, Grey?” Quinten asked, looking up at the buildings towering over us.
“A little. The city is even more amazing than the stories I’ve heard.”
“Well what do you expect when you have a city made exclusively for powerful mages,” he said with a chuckle. “You should see the Summit Estates.”
My brows furrowed. “Estates? As in homes?”
Quinten nodded. “I’ve only ever peered past the gates, but it’s a gated area of villas for highblood ascenders.”
“And considering how many long-term inns I’ve seen just walking down the street, I’m assuming these houses are astronomical in price?”
“Astronomical would be an understatement,” the ascender snorted as we turned right into a narrow alley between two buildings. “No, even if you had the money, the real problem is exclusivity. The number of properties there is pretty limited, and it’s rare that the highbloods would give up the prestige of owning a house on the second level. They generally only go up for sale if a highblood is struggling.”
“I see.”
The ascender shouldered me with a smile. “Just giving you some dreams to try and reach.”
I chuckled. “Thank you.”
Quinten then leaned closer to me. “You should also check out the girls on Blossom Street.”
“Huh?” It took me a second to realize what he was referring to. “Oh...wait, they’re ascenders as well, why would they—”
“Ascents are dangerous.” He shrugged. “A lot of us—not just our lovely escorts—have been through enough that we’re fed up with them. The smarter ones have realized that there are easier ways to make money.”
“Like leading poor mages just trying to become ascenders into dark, out of the way alleys and mugging them?” I asked innocently.
Quinten blinked before stifling a laugh. “When’d you notice?”
I looked around, ignoring the ascender calmly leaning against a brick pillar supporting a bridge several stories above us. There wasn’t a single ascender in sight aside from my amicable mugger.
“Early enough,” I said, lowering my gaze to meet Quinten’s. “I assumed you would have a group of other thugs waiting to help you, though.”
He let out a chortle. “Why would I need a group to handle one little wogart?”
Quinten’s form blurred as he rushed toward me, a blade of condensed stone coalescing around his arm.
‘Need help?’ Regis asked lazily.
I got it.
I reached for the stone blade that had manifested over Quinten’s entire hand. Gripping his wrist with my left hand, I guided the blade safely past, stepped back with my left foot, and brought my right elbow up into his chin.

With the momentum of his own dash, I barely had to use any strength aside from shrouding myself in aether.
Quinten’s head snapped back and he crumpled to the ground, his stone blade dissolving.

Fortunately, the mugger hadn’t died, and his body was sturdy enough that he regained consciousness within a few minutes, giving me enough time to use his own clothes to tie his hands and feet together.
“Had a nice nap?”
The ascender let out a groan before realizing that he was half naked and his limbs had been tied. “I don’t know what you did, but do you really think leather bands can hold me?”
“No, but they’ll give me just enough time to knock you out again if you try and do anything troublesome,” I said with an innocent smile.
Quinten nodded awkwardly from his position on the ground. “What do you want?”
“What I wanted from the beginning,” I answered. “Where do I go to find a team for my preliminary ascent?”
The half-naked ascender wiggled on his side until he was able to point in the direction with his chin. “Just follow that road until you hit Vritra Avenue. Make a right and follow the road until you see a tall building with a giant clock on the top.”
“Thank you,” I said, walking toward him.
“Hey—hold up—-you know it’d be really stupid to kill me here, right?” he asked, panic laced in his voice. “Y-you’ll be banned from—”
I bent down and snapped the leather bands around his wrists. “Relax. I know you weren’t trying to kill me either earlier. And I assume you know it would be really stupid to hold a grudge, right?”
Quinten simply snapped the thick leather bands around his ankles. “The most important thing we obtain through our ascents isn’t knowledge or strength—it’s how to survive.”
“I’ll keep that in mind.” I turned to leave when I remembered another question I wanted to ask. “One more thing.”
Quinten visibly flinched at my sudden movement. “What is it?”
“What does ‘wogart’ mean?”
Quinten looked at me, deadpan.
“Wogart,” I repeated. “What does it—”
“I heard you the first time,” he grunted. “I just never heard someone ask me what it was before.”
“I grew up fairly sheltered,” I lied. “Practically had to escape from my father to become an ascender.”
“Fair enough,” he said, pulling out a new set of clothes from his dimension ring. “You’ll probably run into them fairly often, but they’re these doe-eyed beasts that are at the bottom of the food chain. Basically, it’s slang for an inexperienced ascender.”
‘Yeah, you wogart,’ Regis chortled.
“Fair enough,” I said, chuckling in amusement as I walked away.
Taking the narrow marble road, which was surprisingly clean—there wasn’t a single piece of trash in sight—I made my way toward the clock tower when I saw the faintest of shadows blur by.
I was more disappointed in myself that I hadn’t noticed this person than I was annoyed at yet another interruption. Every person had an aether signature, and, while it wasn’t a physical manifestation of aether that I could absorb like the creatures in the Relictombs had, I could use the small amounts of aether within them to potentially sense them afar...if I was good enough.
“You can come out now,” I said without breaking stride.
A slim man garbed in dark leather and chainmail hopped down from one of the lower buildings to my left.
“Why are you following me?” I asked, studying the man who looked close to my age.
Curly locks of moss-green hair draped over much of his face, but I could make out high cheekbones underneath a pair of deep-set brown eyes.
“Peace,” he said, his voice low and croaky. The man raised his arms, showing his empty palms.
“Assuming Quinten was telling the truth, you’re not with him,” I mused. “A third party trying his luck?”

He shook his head. “I sensed mana usage, and in this part of the level that generally means a fight. I assumed someone was in trouble, so I checked it out.”
“That doesn’t answer my question,” I responded calmly.
“Curiosity got the best of me,” he admitted, rubbing the back of his neck. “I was impressed with the way you took that thug down and, honestly, surprised you let him off so easy. Despite what he told you, you’d have been in your rights to end his life.”
“That’s not how I do things,” I said, not bothering to hide my distaste.
“That’s why I’d like to be on your team when you go back into the Relictombs.” The stranger held my gaze confidently, but the fingers of his left hand were twiddling with nervous energy.
With the recent attempted-mugging fresh in my mind, I wasn’t feeling particularly trustful, and I was sure this man was hiding something. “Sorry to disappoint, friend, but I’m not going ‘back’ into the Relictombs. This is my preliminary ascent.”
He nodded, his curly green bangs bouncing gently around his face. “I heard. I can help with that, help you find a team that won’t get you killed.”
‘He’s a persistent one,’ Regis said.
Silently agreeing, I decided to be blunt. “Why? What’s in it for you? Give me an answer I can believe, and I’ll think about joining you.”
“I can’t sense your mana. I couldn’t even when you took out that mugger, which you managed with a single blow. You don’t make sense. You’re different. And in the Relictombs, different is good.”
Regis chuckled in my mind. ‘I like this guy.’
“That’s it?” I asked skeptically.
“We all go in for the same reasons: get strong, get rich,” he said, his hands balling into fists to still his fidgeting fingers. “But the Relictombs can’t be charted or mapped. The only way to change where you go is to change who you travel with. Like I said, different is good.”
“So you think the Relictombs is going to take you somewhere new if you go in with me?” This ascender seemed to know more about the Relictombs than anyone else I’d talked to, except maybe Alaric. Even the old drunk hadn’t made the connection about traveling with different people to chart different paths through the dungeon, though.
“That’s the idea. New paths, new chances to win accolades—maybe even a relic.”
That was something I could believe. Anybody with his level of knowledge and confidence was bound to be useful inside.
“What’s your name?” I asked.
“Haedrig.”
He held out his hand. I took it and was immediately surprised by how small it was. I could feel the calluses from long hours holding a weapon on the fingers and palms, and his grip was strong, but delicate.
“Grey.”
“You know, Grey,” Haedrig said as we turned to walk together toward the clock tower, “you’ll find fewer alley rats willing to try their luck with you if you properly displayed your runes. Generally, only those who lack confidence in their runes will cover them.”
“Is that another reason why mages show off their runes?” I asked. “Sorry, I’m from the countryside, so to me, it just seems like they’re showing off.”
“It may seem arrogant, and there are plenty of ascenders out there who fit that description, but it does make life easier in general,” he explained. “Not many people actually take the time to learn to read runes since, depending on the spell it provides, there can be a lot of variances in design. Ascenders, in general, aren’t a studious group.”
As I listened, I realized I hadn’t considered the societal impact of having your strength so clearly displayed to anyone who looked. On Dicathen, I might judge someone’s strength by the quality of their weapons and armor, or because they had a mana beast bond, or—back when such things were still possible—because I could sense their mana, but I could still be wrong. Here, a potential ally—or opponent—could tell exactly what you were capable of just by looking at your runes.
“Anyway, let’s find us a team,” he continued. “There are a few ways to go about it, but I’m assuming you want to take your prelim as soon as possible?”
“Yeah.”
“Then the association building that thug directed you to wouldn’t be a good idea,” he said, taking the lead. “It’s the safest way, but you have to fill out a pretty extensive request, and it’ll take them a few days to find you a team willing to take you.”
I rubbed my chin, wishing I’d have hit Quinten even harder. “What do you suggest then?”
Haedrig motioned toward the way. “Follow me.”
We made our way out of the narrow road and onto Vritra Avenue. The streets were pleasantly lively with ascenders—some garbed in casual clothes while others looked as if they had brutally murdered someone just moments ago. Dozens of white trees with soft purple leaves stood tall on the streets every few blocks, providing shade and scattering its gem-like leaves.
I couldn’t help but notice Haedrig’s eyes constantly surveying the area, as if always on the look-out or something.
“Are we lost?” I asked.
“No. It’s just...there are some people looking for me. It’s not important.”
It sounded important...but I dropped the subject for now.
After passing the clock tower that Quinten had directed me to, we took a winding road that led past several inns, two brothels, and a medical center. Finally, Haedrig stopped.
‘Woah...’ Regis said breathily.
My eyes widened at the sight in front of us, not quite sure what to make of it. I thought that maybe Haedrig had gotten lost... He looked back at me with an amused expression, as if relishing my reaction.
“We’re here.”





Chapter 287
Chapter 287: Familial Ascent
A large plaza surrounded by a ring of tall lavender trees stretched out ahead of us, overcrowded and even louder than the first level of the Relictombs. The area was filled with the rumble of dozens of half-shouted conversations. If the crowd hadn’t been composed entirely of ascenders clad in impressive armor and weapons, I would’ve mistaken this place for a flea market.
“What...is this place?” I hesitantly asked, watching the ascenders file between neat rows of wooden booths.
“The best place to find a team...if you know what you’re looking for,” Haedrig replied before plunging into the crowd. “Come on.”
I hurried after him, not wanting to get separated within the sea of ascenders.
“Looking for a caster! At least two emblems required! One time ascent!”
“Looking for a sentry! Favorable distribution of all accolades!”
Each stall had at least one ascender standing nearby hollering out their requirements for an ideal candidate to join their team. It was fascinating.
I watched as a flat-faced, broad-shouldered hulk turned to show his exposed runes to a tall, twiggy man with long golden hair. The golden-haired ascender looked thoughtful, then shook his head, but I lost sight of them in the crowd after that.
Nearby, a handsome young ascender sat nonchalantly on his table, speaking in a low voice so that those surrounding him had to lean in to hear. I couldn’t make out the words, but, by the rapturous expressions of his audience, he must have been telling them a thrilling tale.
“Grey!” Haedrig called out, several paces ahead. “This way.”
The green-haired ascender led us past several rows of stalls until we arrived at a small building with ascenders shuffling in and out.
“You’ll need to get changed here first,” Haedrig explained, pointing to the windowless shed. “You brought your armor, right?”
I stepped to the back of the line. “Of course.”
While I had kept the white dagger within my coat as a safety measure, the black armor and teal cloak had been stored safely in my storage rune; Alaric had gotten me a dimension ring—using my own money, of course—before we visited the ascender building. The problem was that, because I couldn’t use mana, I wasn’t able to activate the ring. Still, I kept it on me; if anything, the ring served as camouflage to others.
After changing, I stepped out of the large shed. Haedrig eyed me critically.
“Is something wrong?”
“It’s—it’s nothing,” he said with a cough. “While the cloak looks nice, I was hoping you’d have a more impressive set of armor.”
“I haven’t really had the time to shop for armor,” I said, looking down at myself. “Do I really look that shabby?”
“Not shabby, just—” Haedrig scratched his head—“never mind. Let’s go.”
As I followed him back into the press of ascenders, I wondered what he was looking for. We had passed dozens of groups looking for new party members already, but Haedrig had barely spared them a glance.
Admittedly, based on the shouted advertisements and posted signage, it seemed unlikely that any of these groups would be interested in a new ascender who hadn’t even completed his preliminary ascent yet. In fact, most of the teams looking for an ascender here had listed requirements for a minimum number of ascents candidates must have completed.
“How are we going to find someone willing to take me here?” I asked, narrowly avoiding bumping into yet another ascender. “Most of these people seem to be looking for experienced ascenders.”
Haedrig looked back at me as he continued leading the way. “There are only established teams here looking for one-off members. If we go in a bit deeper, we’ll see different types of groups, including individuals who are looking to escort ascenders on their prelim.”
“Are you sure?” I asked. “Unless I’m willing to pay them, I really can’t see any benefit for an ascender to take the time to escort a wogart on their prelim.”
Haedrig stifled a laugh.
I frowned. “What is it?”
“I’ve never heard someone refer to himself as a wogart before,” he said, his voice tinged with laughter. “And, while not everyone finds it worth it, there are quite a few benefits.”
“Watch it,” a brawny woman in silver plate armor grunted as we butted shoulders.
“Sorry,” I muttered before turning back to my green-haired companion. “What are these benefits?”
“If you go to the trouble to meet the higher qualifications to get a principal’s badge—which a lot of experienced ascenders do anyway, since most academies require all of their instructors to have one—you don’t have to pay for any of the accommodations in any of the ascender buildings. Also, the High Sovereign gives a generous stipend for principals to take ascenders on their prelims,” Haedrig explained.
‘So another way to foster new ascenders. Agrona has invested an awful lot in making sure his people are willing to throw themselves into the jaws of death for him, huh?’ Regis said.
I nodded, considering Regis’s words. To Haedrig, I asked, “Is there anything else?”
Haedrig thought for a moment, slowing down his pace while still deftly avoiding the mass of ascenders. “Well, being a wogart farmer isn’t the most respected career path, but it’s pretty safe, especially if you have blood to take care of.”
I raised a brow. “Wogart farmer?”

“Oh, sorry. It’s another slang term—ascenders who have ‘retired’ and only escort candidates that need to do their preliminary ascent,” he clarified.
“So are they who we’re looking for—wogart farmers, I mean?”
“Yes, although we have to be careful about who we end up going with.”
As we walked further into the large, overcrowded plaza, I began to see more young ascenders—some of whom looked just about as lost as I felt.
“Let me handle the talking,” Haedrig said as he led us to one of the larger stalls.
“Ah, are you two looking for a principal to take you down?” the attendant, a burly gentleman with a handlebar mustache, asked gruffly.
“My friend is on his prelim, and I’ll be accompanying him,” Haedrig replied courteously. “Do you have an information sheet for your business?”
“Information sheet?” the burly ascender echoed, confused.
Haedrig didn’t bother with the man any further. With a curt nod, he said, “Thank you for your time,” and walked away.
I was curious, but stayed silent as Haedrig went from stall to stall. Some offered simple pamphlets, which looked to be a summary of their work history, though others, like the mustachioed ascender, seemed caught off guard by the request.
Ultimately, however, Haedrig would give the same curt nod and we’d move onto the next stall.
“What was wrong with that woman? She seemed to have already attracted a few people for their prelim ascents,” I asked.
Haedrig cocked a brow. “Attracted. Interesting choice of words. Did you want to go with her because she was pretty?”
“What?” I sputtered. “No, I was just saying that the other ascenders probably thought she was qualified enough to lead them down, right?”
“They were all men.”
“I’m just curious what your criteria is,” I grumbled, feeling as if I had been scolded for some reason.
“I see that Grey likes his women ample in the front,” Haedrig said with a shrug. “I’ll keep that in mind.”
‘I am also pro-ample women,’ Regis said matter-of-factly.
“Keep it in mind for what?” I said indignantly.
Ignoring my question, Haedrig handed me the pamphlet he had received from the female principal ascender. “Look closely. Though her pamphlet is notarized by the association, there’s no column for referrals from previous ascenders she has led on prelims, and she’s not even an alumna of an academy.”
“While I appreciate the thoroughness, is all of this really necessary?” I asked, handing back the piece of parchment. “I’m quite capable, and, seeing the way you carry yourself, I’m pretty certain you are too.”
Haedrig stared at me, mildly surprised. “Is it that noticeable?”
“For the trained eye it is.” I stepped toward my mysterious companion. “And it’s natural to study someone you don’t fully trust.”
Haedrig only nodded, his eyes meeting mine, his brow turned down thoughtfully, but the faintest hint of a smile on his lips.
‘He’s a little strange, isn’t he? Not us strange, but still strange,’ Regis mused.
He is a peculiar one, I agreed. But he doesn’t seem to have any ill intent, so far as I can tell.
We continued our search, going from stall to stall while Haedrig asked a few questions to the principal ascenders while I listened. There were a lot of older, washed up ascenders who reminded me of Alaric—albeit not so blatantly drunk. Some of the principals seemed to take it personally, as if it was a blow to their pride that we weren’t immediately worshipping them, but most were genuinely nice and rather patient with us.
This made it all the more frustrating that Haedrig still hadn’t found anyone he considered suitable. By the time we had looped the entire two rows of stalls, I was on the verge of just choosing one of the principal ascenders we had talked to myself when Haedrig stopped mid-step, causing me to almost bump into him.
“What’s wrong?” I asked, trying to follow his line of sight through the crowd, but there was too much noise and commotion.
Without a word, he bolted off, weaving through the crowd of meandering ascenders back to the teams looking for experienced ascenders. I followed after, surprised by how strongly he had reacted.
By the time I had caught up to him, the green-haired ascender was talking to a man of heroic build clad in a stunning dark suit of gold-trimmed armor emblazoned with a crest in the shape of a crown. With long blond hair that draped behind his shoulders and an expression that radiated confidence, I could see why he had caught Haedrig’s eye. He seemed to be mulling over something Haedrig had just said, but a muscular young man in a uniform embellished with the same crown cut in between them.
“Brother! You said we were looking for an experienced Shield. We don’t need another Striker, much less one with baggage.”
‘Isn’t that the boy that was glaring at you in the ascender building back at Aramoor?’ Regis asked.
I think so.
“Wasn’t it actually my overprotective little brother who wanted to find a Shield?” the armored ascender responded with amusement. “I can’t believe you don’t trust me enough to watch over my own siblings.”
“Yeah, you’re worrying too much, Ezra!” The speaker, one of a pair of girls—both wearing similar uniforms to the boy—had the same blond hair as our potential principal. I realized then that I recognized her and her friend; they had been with the group of students waiting to take their assessment. “You know that Brother has gone on at least a dozen ascents already. And besides, this ascender seems to be experienced as well.”
“And your poor old brother gets to make a little extra money,” the armored ascender said with a wink.

“It’s unbecoming for a member of our blood to say things like that,” the boy in uniform, Ezra, said with a click of his tongue.
Smiling faintly, Haedrig turned and scanned the mass of people until he caught sight of me.

“Grey! Over here!” he said, raising his arm.
The two girls’ eyes widened in surprise as they saw me approach, while Ezra’s brow furrowed aggressively.
Their older brother just looked at the three in confusion.
I walked over to Haedrig’s side and looked at him for some answers.
“Kalon, this is Grey, my friend who needs to take his preliminary ascent,” Haedrig said, motioning toward the armored ascender. “Grey, this is Kalon of Blood Granbehl. He has agreed to take us along.”
“So you are familiar with my blood,” Kalon said with a nod.
“Blood Granbehl is a distinguished Named Blood hailing from the Dominion of Vechor,” Haedrig explained to me.
“From Vechor?” I echoed, wondering why I had seen the students in Aramoor, which was on the other side of the continent.
Kalon turned toward me. “Nice to meet you, Grey. As your friend mentioned, I’m Kalon Granbehl and these two fair-haired young ascenders-to-be are my younger siblings, Ada and Ezra.”
“And I’m Riah of Blood Faline,” the perky, short-haired friend said without missing a beat. “What a coincidence that we’re all seeing each other again so soon!”
“Again?” Kalon asked, his head shifting from me to Riah. “You’ve all met before?”
“I think we saw each other briefly back at the ascender building in Aramoor City,” I clarified. “Thank you for agreeing to take us with you.”
“Oh, it’s nothing! My brother has done this a lot since he’s an instructor,” Ada replied eagerly, shaking her head while Kalon looked at her with a mischievous grin.
“You’d best not hold us back. Even if it is just a preliminary ascent, the Relictombs are dangerous,” Ezra warned, stepping forward and sizing me up.
He stood roughly around my height, but his frame was much more broad and bulky than my own.
Slapping Ezra on the back, Kalon said, “You’re not at school anymore, little brother. Be careful, the pretty boy might be even stronger than you are.” Kalon eyed me as he said this, the jovial grin slipping from his face for a moment.
“A wogart with no academy training? I doubt it,” Ezra snapped before turning away.
Shaking away whatever thought had caught him, Kalon gave me a friendly smile. “Don’t mind him, he just gets a little protective around our precious little sister.”
“Brother!” Ada huffed, her cheeks turning red. Riah snickered and elbowed her friend.
“Anyway, I’m stuck having to take the kids on their prelim anyway, so you’re just making the trip a little more lucrative for me,” Kalon said with a grin. “Don’t worry though, I’ll still keep you all safe!”
“Thank you again,” I said with a faint smile.
It didn’t take mana perception to tell that, despite Kalon’s easy-going attitude, he was strong. From the way he looked at me beneath that placid gaze, he knew I was strong as well.
“Shall we depart?” Haedrig asked, looking at the students in uniform. “Or do the three of you need to change into your armor first?”
“Not necessary,” Ezra responded curtly, enveloping his body in mana.
Moments later, a full set of silver armor materialized around Ezra’s body along with a glistening crimson spear inscribed with faint golden runes.
“You should’ve seen how happy he was when our father got him that for his graduation present.” Kalon waggled his brows with a grin, forcing Ada to stifle a surprised giggle.
Ezra shot his older brother a menacing glare, and his neck and jaws flushed red in embarrassment.
Riah also had her own set of materializing armor, albeit one made from leather and chainmail, designed for speed and flexibility. She wielded a unique weapon—a dagger with a wide fan-like blade held by a grip embedded with small gems.
The youngest Granbehl sibling wore luxurious mage’s robes of soft green, lined on the inside with rows of runes while the sides were cut to enhance movement. The trim was gold, like Kalon’s armor, and was emblazoned with the same crown, likely signifying their blood’s crest. She had no wand or staff; instead, all ten of her fingers had a ring interlinked by a small chain attached to a silver bracelet on her wrists, which was embedded with a single pink gem.
“Those magically appearing armors seem useful,” I mentioned to Haedrig.
“They are,” the green-haired ascender replied as he led our now-complete party away from the rows of stalls.
“They’re also ridiculously expensive,” Kalon added. “But it’s a symbol of wealth and power, and my father loves that.”
I only nodded, unsurprised.

“So, Grey.” Riah stepped up beside me as our group headed out of the plaza, briefly catching my eye then looking away. “I’m curious what your scores were on the assessment.”
Ada stepped up closer, and even Ezra slowed his pace, tilting his head toward us to listen in.
“I think, aside from ‘flexibility of offensive magic’, I scored above average,” I answered.
“Oh! That’s not bad!” Kalon chimed in, looking back at us over his shoulder. “It’s hard to get a good score in flexibility unless you have runes of different elements so don’t beat yourself up for it.”
Ezra scoffed. “Not even one ‘exceptional’ score?”
‘Another wogart that needs to be humbled,’ Regis said with a sigh.
“Ezra, what did Mother say about being arrogant?” Ada chided.
“Yeah!” Riah defended as well. “And who was the one that got below average on their ‘mental acuity’ score again?”
“Shut up!” Ezra barked, this time red up to his ears.
“Settle down, kids,” Kalon scolded gently. “You’re making our two new members uncomfortable.”
Ezra rolled his eyes but didn’t say anything. The girls shared a quick glance and hid their laughter behind his back. Haedrig, on the other hand, had grown more quiet and serious the closer we got to our destination.
“We’re almost there!” Riah said excitedly, pointing at the giant three-story arch with a golden white light shimmering at the center.
A wide terrace separated the busy plaza from the portal. Several other roads opened into the terrace, and a steady stream of ascenders moved through.
The terrace itself was ringed with white walls, each road entering under a copy-in-miniature of the portal arch. Banners bearing crests were displayed proudly, hung from the walls all around the terrace.
“The crests of the bloods who own homes in the Summit Estates,” Ada said, following my gaze.
Ascenders huddled in groups throughout the terrace. One group appeared to be praying, each of them sitting cross legged in a line facing the portal, their eyes closed, their lips moving silently. Another team was arguing about how to divide their accolades, their raised voices cutting across the noise of conversation and heavy, booted feet.
There were no lines; however, the massive size of the portal could accommodate any number of ascenders at a time.
“I wonder what sort of zone we’ll end up in!” Ada wondered out loud, her vivid green eyes lighting up in excitement as she gazed at the golden white portal.
Ezra stood stone-faced and resolute, almost, but not quite, looking the part of the stoic warrior about to embark upon an epic quest. The slight shaking of his hand on the shaft of his spear, and the way he kept having to rearrange his facial features, gave him away.
“Are you okay?” I asked Haedrig, who had been silent since we left the plaza.
He looked up, eyebrows raised and mouth partly open like he was surprised to find me standing next to him. “Yeah, I’m fine—” Haedrig’s voice cracked, causing him to stop and clear his throat. “I’m fine,” he repeated.
I nodded in response, but I could tell he was nervous about something. He had withdrawn his long, thin saber from his dimension ring and was constantly fidgeting with it as we approached the towering arch of stone and magic.
“Wait!” Kalon exclaimed abruptly. “I told mom that I’d take a picture of you three before we go on our ascent!”
Ezra let out a groan, but Riah linked her arm through his and pulled him over to Ada, who happily took Riah’s other arm. The three stood in front of the gate, the portal rippling softly behind them.
“Perfect!” Kalon shouted after taking several steps back. He crouched on the ground and clicked a switch on the large metal-and-glass artifact he was holding.
“Did you two want to join as well?” Kalon asked.
“Yeah! Join us!” Riah said, her eyes lighting up. “Grey can stand next to Ada!”
“It’s okay,” I said politely. “But I can take a picture of the four of you.”
“Can you?” Kalon handed me the artifact, which was the size of my head. “Just point this part at us, imbue some mana into the artifact, and toggle the switch!”
‘Well that backfired,’ Regis commented. ‘How are you going to make it work if you don’t have any mana?’
Before I could say anything, Kalon had already run off to strike an exaggerated pose next to his siblings and Riah, who laughed at his antics. Even Ezra wore an amused expression as he watched his brother.
“Do you need help?” Haedrig asked, walking toward me.
“I’ve...um...never really worked with one of these artifacts before,” I said. “Do you mind taking it?” I held the device out to him. “I don’t want to take a bad picture,” I finished lamely.
Haedrig looked at me for a moment but took the artifact from my hands.
“Ready?” he asked, pointing the artifact at the Granbehl blood and their friend.
“Ready!” they answered in unison. Ada and Riah struck cute poses while Ezra held his chin high and gripped his spear with both hands. Kalon settled on just crossing his arms and revealing a wide, confident smile.
It was a bittersweet feeling watching the happy family commemorate what seemed almost like a rite of passage for their blood.
“It’s a nice sight,” Haedrig said, staring off into the distance.
“The gate?” I asked.
He shook his head, a trace of sadness on his stoic face. “The family. You can tell that they’ve grown up being loved.”
“Yeah,” I agreed. “A bit loud, but they all seem like good people.”
“And Kalon Granbehl is a very capable ascender. He’s one of the rising stars among ascenders,” Haedrig said, his voice lowering to almost a whisper. “Let’s hope he’s strong enough to get us through this ascent, right Grey?”





Chapter 288
Chapter 288: Full Circle
“Ada of Blood Granbehl, Ezra of Blood Granbehl, Riah of Blood Faline, Grey, and”—the uniformed woman paused, glancing from the ascender card in her hand to Haedrig and back—“and Haedrig of—well—yes...Your identities have been verified,” she finished, smiling widely as she handed us back our cards. “Principal ascender Kalon of Blood Granbehl, the stipend will be automatically transferred to your runecard after the candidates have successfully received their official ascender’s badges post-preliminary ascent.”
“Aw, can’t I receive the stipend now? It’s not like there’s going to be any foul play; I’m guiding my siblings,” Kalon complained.
“There are no exceptions. Please understand that these rules are for the safety and well-being of all ascenders,” the thin, black-haired woman stated as if she had been asked this question countless times.
“Have there been situations where principal ascenders extorted candidates in the past or something?” I whispered to Haedrig as the two of us waited in the back.
“Worse. There are accounts of some principals taking candidates on their prelims after collecting the stipends only to kill the candidates and loot their bodies, then blaming their deaths on the Relictombs,” the green-haired ascender explained with an expression of distaste.
After our preliminary ascent had been recorded, our team headed to the center of the terrace, where the towering arch stood over us. Complex runes scored every inch of the massive edifice, making the teleportation gates I’d seen up until now look like toys in comparison.
The longer I stayed in the Relictombs, the more I found myself marveling at its beauty and complexity. The flying city of Xyrus was the marvel of Dicathen, but even it paled in comparison to this place.
Admittedly, the Alacryans were quite impressive as well. What they had managed to do with the first two floors of the Relictombs—creating a capital for ascenders to better prepare themselves for the unpredictable dangers lying ahead of them—was nothing less than remarkable.
The amount of resources and time invested into making sure ascenders were not only well-equipped and rewarded for ascending into the Relictombs, but also idolized by the citizens of Alacrya, spoke volumes of how much Agrona needed the ascenders.
Even these preliminary ascents had been devised to give candidates a safer experience within the Relictombs.
‘So why does Haedrig seem to be expecting trouble?” Regis asked, having read my thoughts.
I was wondering the same thing. What did he mean when he hoped Kalon was ‘strong enough to get us through this ascent’?
Everything I’d heard up until then had made it sound like the preliminary ascent was merely dipping your toes in the water, especially for those trained in academies.
‘Maybe he’s not as tough as he pretends to be?’
“Is everyone ready?” Kalon asked, stirring me from my internal deliberation with Regis. We stood just a few paces from the massive arch housing the white-gold portal.
“Shouldn’t we do a supply check?” Haedrig replied seriously.
“Is that necessary? Prelims usually don’t take longer than a day,” Riah responded impatiently, her body practically gravitating toward the humming gate, which she gazed at in wide-eyed anticipation.
“We should treat this as if it’s any other ascent,” Haedrig insisted, already taking stock of his own rations. “I have enough water for myself for a week and dried rations for two days.”
“Haedrig makes a good point. You can never be overprepared for the Relictombs,” Kalon chimed in, pulling a large leather waterskin and a bundle of dried meat wrapped in cloth from his dimension ring. “I have enough water for three days and dried rations for one day.”
The rest of the team pulled out their rations as well. Surprisingly, I had the most food and water, courtesy of Alaric. The old drunk had packed two weeks’ worth of water and air-sealed rations for three days.
‘The man may be a grumpy old drunk, but at least he really seems to have your best interest in mind,’ Regis said with a chuckle.
“All right, we’re packed more heavily than some of the deeper ascents I’ve gone on,” Kalon said, looking at Riah with an amused expression. “And Riah here seems to think she’s going on a picnic, with all of the sweets she’s brought.”
Riah flushed and let out a string of curses under her breath. “Whatever. I was going to share...”
“Sure, sure,” Kalon chuckled. “You all have your simulets, right?”
We each took out a polished, rune-inscribed amulet the size of my palm, which would bind our team together as we travelled through the teleportation gates.
Kalon nodded and turned to face the shimmering pane of golden-white light that would lead us into our first zone.
“Blood honor me, light guide me, Vritra protect me,” Kalon recited, followed by his siblings and Riah.
Haedrig and I looked at each other, neither participating in their ritual. I couldn’t be sure, but I almost thought I saw Haedrig roll his eyes. Not thinking much of it, we then stepped through the gate.
***
We entered into complete darkness. The air was dry and stale with a crisp breeze blowing from underneath us. Even with my augmented vision, I couldn’t tell if my eyes were open or closed.
“No one move,” Kalon said, his voice cutting through the dark in a hushed whisper.

I saw the soft glow of someone’s rune lighting up before a burst of sparks flashed in front of me, lighting up the area. Giant, gnarled faces glared at us from the darkness.
Riah, who was only a few steps ahead of me, raised her fan-shaped dagger and jumped back, nearly tumbling off the edge of the narrow raised path we were standing on. Haedrig’s hand darted out and caught her by the elbow, holding her firmly until she had her feet under her again.
Riah turned to look down over the edge, then the burst of sparks died, hiding the grotesque faces and their contorted, anguished expressions.
“Give me a second to modify my spell.” Kalon spoke softly as a rune on the exposed area of his lower back glowed once more.
This time an orange flare manifested from the ascender, brighter and more controlled than the sparks. It bathed the area in a warm light, revealing a huge chamber, or maybe a hallway. I could not make out the ceiling, or anything in front of or behind us. The narrow pathway where we had been deposited was about four feet wide and seemed to float amidst a sea of darkness.
Lining both walls were what looked like carvings of faces, vaguely humanoid, though grotesque and misshapen. This wasn’t for lack of apparent skill, though; so detailed were the expressions that it looked almost as if they were once alive, and had been petrified in their final moments of pain and rage.
‘Quite the morbid taste in decor,’ Regis said. ‘Look, you can just make out the screaming one’s tonsils—and you can see that one’s teeth through the tear in its cheek.’
I can see them, I thought, though they were so hideous I did not look closely.
“Don’t stay too close to the ledge,” Kalon ordered, no trace of leisure left in his voice. “Spread out an arm’s length apart from each other; Ezra, give yourself a bit more room for your spear.”
We spread out in a line, walking slowly and keeping to the center of the stone pathway. Haedrig and I walked at the rear while Kalon took the lead, lighting the way with his hand bathed in bright flames.
“I can’t tell how far this path goes, but it’s the only course I can see,” Kalon said.
“I can conjure some light as well,” Ada said, her eyes darting nervously between the faces peering down at us from the distant walls.
“Save your mana for now,” Kalon replied. “And don’t be so nervous, Ada. We’re going to be fine.”
“Don’t forget that you’ve prepared for this for years,” Ezra growled.
“Ezra’s right,” Riah said comfortingly, despite her uneasy expression. “This is just the first zone. Don’t be fazed by the distractions.”
“I just didn’t expect the Relictombs to be this scary,” Ada whispered.
“Are you okay?” I asked Haedrig, who had been surveying our surroundings silently, his stance low, his saber held firmly in hand.
“I’m fine,” he muttered, not meeting my eye.
The six of us walked in a line, heading deeper into the dark zone, our pace careful but steady. The lack of change in our surroundings—aside from the diverse array of creepy faces—made it impossible to judge how far we had walked.
In addition to staying watchful and keeping my feet on the path, I also had to acclimate to the high level of aether in this zone. I hadn’t felt much different in the first two floors, but stepping through the portal had been like opening another eye, and it was staring straight into the sun.
That was probably why I didn’t notice them sooner.
‘Arthur,’ Regis warned in a grave tone.
I sense them too.
I hesitated for a moment, worried it might be suspicious for me to warn the rest of the group if even Kalon hadn’t noticed anything yet. I was supposed to be a wet-behind-the-ears nobody on his first ascent, after all.
“I think there’s something coming from below,” I said finally, deciding it was better to warn them than risk them being taken unawares.
Kalon stopped in his tracks, leaning over the edge of the stone path with his blazing arm stretched out. After a minute, he did the same on the other side, then looked back at me.
“Are you sure? There’s nothing down there, and I haven’t sensed any other mana signatures,” he said, giving me a searching look before turning to Ada. “Send a homing flare down on one side.”
Ada spread her arms apart, and, as the rune on her back glowed, a swirling orb of fire the size of her head manifested. She pushed the fireball into the abyss as the rest of us peered warily down after it.
We watched the large ball of condensed fire descend. It didn’t drop like a stone or sail through the air like an arrow, but instead weaved through the air almost as if it was alive, turning and twisting wherever Ada sent it. In its path, the fireball lit up the smooth wall of the bridge we were standing on as well as the hideous statues on the far wall of the wide hallway.
Then, as suddenly as if a curtain had been wrenched away, dozens of humanoid faces appeared far below, their large glassy eyes reflecting the orange light.
A startled yelp rang at my side and the fireball dispersed, plunging whatever creatures were down there back in darkness.
“Run!” Kalon roared, pushing Ezra and Riah ahead of him. He scooped up his sister with one arm, raising his other hand, still blazing with light, high in the air to extend the light to its limit as he took off running down the path just behind them.
Aether coursed through my limbs as I ran, and I found that I was able to keep up with the others with relative ease.

However, despite our breakneck pace, there was no end in sight. Worse yet, we could now make out the nightmare sound of the creatures below, a sort of moaning, chittering noise that grew steadily louder.
“I still can’t see an end anywhere near!” Ezra shouted from the front, his deep voice quivering.

“Damn it! What the hell is going on,” Kalon cursed.
I looked back over my shoulder at Haedrig, stoically taking up the rear. He was surrounded by a dim white aura, and he ran with his hand on the leather-wrapped hilt of his sheathed saber. I almost turned back around, but the faintest glimmer caught my eye.
“Duck!” I shouted as I spun on my heels.
Haedrig dipped his head without hesitation, just barely enough to avoid a black blur that sailed past, right where his head had been.
“W-what was that?” Ada shrieked. She was still being carried by her eldest brother and had been able to see it the most clearly.
“Don’t stop!” Kalon urged.
We picked up our pace, the faces carved on the wall nothing but a blur now. However, I knew that it was only a matter of time before whatever aetheric creatures were lurking beneath us would catch up.
The distorted wail of the beasts, along with their chittering, grew to a deafening din before more shadows began rising up from the sea of darkness.
It was under Kalon’s illuminating spell that we finally saw the creatures we were up against, and they were something straight out of a nightmare. They had snakelike bodies the size and girth of a man, with two long arms ending in gleaming claws. Atop their long necks, each monster had a disfigured humanoid face, just like the statues. These, though, were alive with hatred and fury.
Kalon dropped Ada and drew his weapon for the first time. It was a spear, much like Ezra’s, except with a pitch black blade that seemed to blend in with our surroundings.
The ghoulish creatures tilted their heads as they climbed up onto the narrow path. Their boney jaws clacked repeatedly to create that eerie chitter, melding with the low moans.
Kalon’s spear flashed, decapitating three of the ghoulish serpents in a single swing.
“We need to keep moving!” he roared, slashing at another man-serpent and sending its chittering head falling into the abyss.
Ezra, taking the lead, followed his brother’s order, spinning his spear to knock away the serpentine ghouls rather than trying to kill them.
‘Should I come out now?’ Regis asked, brimming with anticipation as I struck a beast with my bare fist, absorbing some of its aetheric essence in the process.
Not yet. The others still seem to be in control for now.
Behind me, Haedrig moved through the ghouls like a dancer, felling one after the other with grace and precision.
Kalon, on the other hand, fought with the mechanical efficiency of a farmer cutting down wheat in a field. His spear cut wide arcs through the air, often shearing through multiple serpents at once and flinging others back off the bridge, easily making up for where his siblings fell short.
Ada, despite hanging over Kalon’s shoulder like a sack of grain, had summoned a circular saw of fire that was not only able to lacerate its enemies, but also grow larger with each foe it cut down.
Controlling this left her completely defenseless, however, as it clearly required all her concentration to maintain the spell. She held both hands out before her, making minute adjustments with her fingers to control the saw’s movements. With both Riah and Kalon by her side, though, she was defended as well as any of us from the attacking ghouls.
Still, more and more of the serpentine monsters flowed up from the darkness. They had begun to interlink with one another, creating chains of snake-like bodies down into the depths and allowing others to climb up with startling speed.
“We’re going to be run down if we keep going like this!” Riah shouted, trails of sweat lining her brows and cheeks as she blocked the sharp boney claws of one of the ghouls with the flat of her wide blade before hurtling it away with a gust of sharp wind.
“I’ll try to buy us some time!” Kalon shouted. “Ezra, focus on protecting Ada.”
Our line shifted as Ezra moved next to Ada, putting Riah at the front while Kalon went to the very back.
We ran, the three students leading the way. I took down a trio of ghouls, my aether-hardened fists smashing into their deformed faces, each contact allowing me to siphon more aether from their bodies as they collapsed in broken heaps or tumbled back off the path.
“Ada, now!” Kalon roared.
Another rune lit up on Ada’s back, and the whirling saw of jagged fire, which was now the size of a carriage, disassembled into dozens of thin ropes of fire that slithered in the air much like the ghoulish serpents we were fighting.
A spark of electricity erupted from the epicenter of Ada’s spell, using the writhing cords of fire as conduits for the tendrils of lightning. The chains of electrified fire dispersed, coiling around the ghouls closest to her, burning through them like a hot wire through candle wax and causing tendrils of lightning to leap from one to the next, creating a chain lightning effect that felled dozens of ghouls in an instant.
Ada slumped, her skin ghastly even under the warm light of fire.
“Good job!” Ezra said, breathing hard as he fended off another pair of ghouls with a swing of his crimson spear.

My eyes scanned our surroundings while my awoken aetheric senses picked up on all of the ghouls nearby.
“Riah, underneath you!” I yelled, spotting a boney claw about to grasp the short-haired striker’s ankle.
She tried to step back out of its reach, but a deafening explosion shook the stone path and Riah stumbled forward instead, right into the ghoul’s rigid claws.
With both Ezra and Ada in the way, my only option was to use God Step to reach her in time to save her.
But I hesitated.
I hesitated at the thought of exposing my aetheric abilities to these people.
In that moment of hesitation, Riah was dragged off her feet.
Despite myself, I turned back to see what the cause of the explosion was and saw that a large portion of the stone path had been blown to pieces by Kalon.
Haedrig was only a few paces behind me, completely occupied in fending off the droves of ghouls, which were practically piling on top of one another trying to reach him.
I jerked around at the sound of Riah’s panicked scream
“Ezra!” she cried in desperation as she clawed at the edge of the stone path, her fan-like blade spinning away into the abyss.
“Riah!” Ezra gasped, wide-eyed, unable to move past another pair of ghouls that were after his sister.
My mind spun in that instant. I could bypass Ezra and Ada by using God Step to reach Riah, but revealing that here and now would be too risky.
Instead, I utilized my imperfect, aether-version of Burst Step in order to close the short distance between myself and where Ezra and Ada were fighting.
Ada had resorted to using small bursts of lightning to temporarily stun the ghouls, even though it didn’t do any lasting damage, while Ezra focused on knocking them off the platform.
Grabbing the disfigured humanoid head of a ghoul trying desperately to bite down on Ada, I twisted, snapping its neck and causing it to slump.
Another blood-curdling scream pierced the air. Riah was clinging on with bloody fingers as more serpent ghouls climbed on top of her small body.
I pulled Ada behind me and met Ezra’s eyes. He didn’t waste time, rushing ahead to save Riah.
With the trail of ghouls behind us unable to cross over the large gap in the stone path, Kalon and Haedrig were free to dislodge the ones climbing up from the side before joining up with us, providing a moment’s respite.
While the rest of the ascenders were sweating profusely from the strain of constant battle, I had gained more energy than I had spent due to the limited amount of aether I was using.
“What happened, why did you guys stop?” Kalon asked, his breathing still steady despite how long we’d been fighting.
Before I could answer, Ada let out a sharp gasp, her face paling in horror. “Riah!”
Kalon’s eyes widened as his sister ran ahead. I turned around to see Ada pulling Riah off the ledge. Ezra had just killed the last of the ghouls that had nearly pulled the girl from the path.
Kalon rushed after them while Haedrig and I focused on killing any of the ghouls that managed to reach the path.
Even a quick glance showed me that Riah was in bad shape. Her right leg had been gnawed off at the ankle and deep gashes lined her back and her legs. Her face was twisted in pain, tears streaming down her cheeks as she clung desperately to Ada.
“We have to move,” I said, not even looking as I redirected a ghoul to slam into another ghoul, sending them both spiraling down and out of sight.
“Do you think she’s in any condition to move&gt;!” Ezra shot back.
“Grey is right. We can’t stay here,” Kalon cut in, turning to me. “Can you hold onto Riah? Haedrig, Ezra, and I will be responsible for keeping the two of you and Ada safe.”
I nodded, hastily scooping Riah up in my arms.
Riah’s entire body convulsed as she let out a pained scream, but the small ascender managed to wrap her arms around my neck.
“Let’s move! Ada, give us some light!” Kalon said fiercely while striking away a ghoul.
‘Are you sure you—well, they—don’t need my help?’ Regis asked, apparently bored by the situation.
Not yet, I quipped, beginning to run.
Haedrig and Kalon were a flurry of strikes and slashes as they focused entirely on protecting me and Ada, but with the growing numbers of serpentine ghouls, I had to resort to ducking and weaving past some of the ones that had managed to climb up the walls and get ahead of us.
We only made it a few more minutes up the path before Ezra suddenly skidded to a stop.
“No way,” he gasped. “That’s not possible.”
The rest of us caught up to him, and the fiery orbs shined ahead, revealing a large chasm in the path, blocking our way.
The same chasm that Kalon had made.





Chapter 289
Chapter 289: Familiar Faces
Despite the fast-approaching ghouls both behind and below us, we stared dumbly at the large chasm that Kalon had made, collectively unable to understand why it was in front of us.
“We—we were running in a circle the entire time?” Ada said, her voice quavering.
“That’s impossible!” Ezra panted after felling another ghoul with his spear. “We were running in—a straight line. I’m—sure of it!” I could hear the strain in his voice; he was starting to grow tired.
“Ezra’s right. There’s no curve in the bridge.” Kalon spun his weapon and swept the heads off two ghouls that were trying to reach me. He, at least, seemed to have retained his strength so far.
The idea of a straight path looping in circles seemed impossible, yet was completely plausible if one took into account the edicts of aether. I couldn’t help but wonder if the Relictombs had brought us to this zone because of me.
I looked down to see that Riah had lost consciousness in my arms. Perhaps it was for the better; Ada had coated her wounds with a thick paste that had stopped the bleeding, but her strained expression said it did nothing for her pain.
“What do we”—Haedrig unleashed a flurry of slashes at a trio of ghouls that had managed to reach the path—“do now?”
‘Still think they’re in control?’ Regis chimed in snidely.
Fine. Come out, but remember not to talk.
Regis’s large wolven form leapt out of my back, startling our team and drawing their attention away from the ghouls around us.
Kalon instinctively tried attacking Regis, and while I was curious what would happen if he struck my companion, I intervened.
“Stop! It’s my spell,” I snapped, immediately halting Kalon’s spear before turning to Regis. “Go scout ahead and see if you can spot anything.”
‘Roger,’ my companion sent back before leaping across the chasm. He was nearly out of sight before a realization dawned on me.
Since when have you been able to communicate telepathically when you’re not inside me?
There was a momentary pause, then I heard Regis’s voice in my head again. ‘Not sure. My guess is, I’m either getting stronger, or the ambient aether density in this zone is allowing us to. Or we might just be getting more...connected.’
I groaned. Can you not say it in such a gross tone?
Turning my attention back to the battle, I realized that Ezra, Ada, and Kalon were looking at me with shocked expressions. Haedrig was the only one who didn’t seem fazed; if he was surprised by Regis’s sudden appearance, he hid it extremely well.
Fortunately, the group’s attention was forced back onto the growing horde of ghouls surrounding us. We abandoned our line formation, tightening into a close knot around Riah and Ada and inching closer to the chasm.
“What’s the plan?” Kalon shouted, glancing at me.
“We wait,” I said as my foot connected with a ghoul’s sternum, sending it flying back down into the abyss. “I want to make sure that this place really is looping.”
We held our position, restricting our mana consumption as best we could out of fear that our war against the nightmarish ghouls would last for hours more. Considering that I was surrounded by people I felt responsible to protect, and that I couldn’t even reveal my own strength as I did so, there was little else I could do.
‘Good news! Well, I guess it’s bad news, but I see you all ahead of me now,’ Regis thought to me.
I cursed under my breath.
So that confirms it.
‘Did you want me to help fight? I took down about a dozen or so of these bastards already.’
No. I don’t think we’re going to get out of here by just killing more of these beasts, I sent back. I want you to go around and carefully scan the walls.
I could feel a wave of curiosity coming from Regis. ‘You mean the gross faces?’
Yeah. Something about them has been bothering me. Just let me know if you find something out of the ordinary.
‘Out of the ordinary from gross stone faces...got it,’ Regis responded, turning to race away from us once more.
A stifled groan pulled my attention behind me.
“Ezra!” Kalon roared. His form flashed, appearing next to his brother and decapitating the ghoul that had wedged its claws through a slit below Ezra’s pauldron.
With Ezra unable to freely move his left arm due to his injury, he became a crack in our defence. It wasn’t long before a ghoul was able to slip past his weak side, forcing me to throw myself into its path to save Riah. The creature’s putrid claws carved a series of deep gashes into my hip and thigh.
A pained grunt escaped from my throat as I drove my open hand straight through the ghoul’s throat. It spit out a mouthful of blood and collapsed before Ezra could turn to drive his spear into its back.
The boy’s face was pale and wet with sweat, but after that he redoubled his efforts, refusing to let another ghoul through.
Have you found anything? I asked Regis.
‘Just a lot more hideous faces. There aren’t any patterns I can see either.’
Keep looking, I sent, pulling a ghoul off of Ezra and shoving it to the ground so he could finish it.
“What are we still doing here? We have to get moving!” Kalon shouted, his relaxed demeanor completely gone.
“And go where?” I asked. “I’ve already confirmed that this zone is looping back on itself, taking us in circles. I sent my summon to check for any anomalies on the walls.”
“Can you share senses with your summon?” Haedrig asked, redirecting a ghoul’s tackle and causing it to fall back down into the dark.
“Kind of?” I hesitated. “It has a limited amount of sentience.”
‘Hey!’
Ignoring my companion, I turned to Ada, who had been helping out where she could, standing over Riah at the center of our circle. To conserve mana, she had resorted to firing small bolts of fire and lightning at the ghouls climbing up from the sides, but even that had been a huge help in keeping them at bay. I could tell she was at the end of her power, however. “Focus on replenishing your mana reserves.”
“But there’s too many of them!” Ada stammered, wiping away the beads of sweat rolling down her face. “I-I should be helping...”
I sat her down with a slight push and gave her the closest thing to a smile I could muster. “I’ll keep you safe.”
After a moment of hesitation, Ada nodded in determination before closing her eyes.
“Haedrig. Do you have an extra sword?” I asked, turning toward the green-haired ascender.
Without a word, Haedrig withdrew a thin shortsword from his dimension ring and tossed it to me.
Grasping the handle and pulling the sword out of its sheath, I was suddenly overcome with a sense of calmness. It was a silly thing what a weapon could do, but after fighting so long with Dawn’s Ballad in my hand, I realized how much I had missed the sensation of wielding a sword.
I let out a sharp breath as I imbued aether into the sword; a fine crack appeared in the blade, leaking a subtle purple light that only I could see, and I knew it wouldn’t hold up long. Still, though the sword was simple and obviously just a spare weapon, it was perfectly balanced with a good weight on my hand.
It would do.
The world around me seemed to slow and the sounds distracting me became indistinct. My first strike seemed to confuse even the ghoul, who didn’t know what happened until it slumped and fell off the bridge.
The next series of slashes killed any and every ghoul within my reach. The sword in my hand travelled in a flurry of narrow arcs that shimmered, catching the reflection of Kalon’s fire-clad spear.
My eyes constantly scanned our surroundings, making sure none of the ghouls managed to slip by. I hoped to see some sign that the onslaught was beginning to slow, but it seemed that, if anything, the ghouls became even more desperate the more of them we killed.
Kalon and Ezra’s side had it the worst, since the chasm in the bridge allowed the ghouls to climb up more easily. With Ezra injured, Kalon had to keep the ghouls from getting past him and protect Ezra.
Haedrig’s movements, on the other hand, hadn’t slowed down at all, even as pools of both sweat and blood had formed beneath his feet.

I was confident that we could hold on for a while longer, but it would all be meaningless unless we found a way out of here.
A blinding flash lit up the hall, followed by a torrent of voltaic streams that obliterated the horde of ghouls that had managed to climb up from the chasm.
I was gazing around to admire the pure destructiveness of Kalon’s spell when Regis contacted me again.
‘Uh... Arthur?’ he said, his confusion clear in my mind. ‘You should come see this.’
“Let’s move!” I yelled out immediately. “Ezra, can you hold Riah?”
The younger spearman’s brows furrowed in annoyance. “What? I should help guard—”
“Ezra!” Kalon snarled, cutting his brother off. “Carry Riah.”
Following Kalon’s order without hesitation, Ezra put away his spear and picked up our unconscious teammate.
Leading the way, I cleared the path of ghouls while Kalon remained in the back of the line as our rear guard.
What did you find? I asked Regis.
‘Something even more disturbing than the deformed stone faces,’ he answered cryptically.
“Did your summon find something?” Haedrig asked from behind me.
“Yes, though I’m not sure what yet. Keep moving!”
With me clearing the way, Kalon defending the rear, and Haedrig darting from side to side casting down any monstrous serpents that climbed up the sides of the bridge, we ran as fast as Ezra could move. He was wounded and carrying Riah, so it wasn’t as fast as I would have liked, but within minutes Regis’s shadowy form materialized ahead of us.
Several ghoulish corpses littered the path around him, with more climbing over the edges every moment.
“What is it?” I asked, letting my battle instincts run my body, cutting down the ghouls attempting to swarm Regis while I focused on scanning the distant faces around us.
Pointing with his muzzle, Regis directed my gaze to one statue in particular. From this distance, it took my eyes a moment to focus through the gloom and the dancing shadows, but when I realized what it was, I froze solid, forgetting for a moment that we were fighting for our lives.
Razor sharp claws raked across my shoulder and back, tearing into my flesh and scraping bone. Flipping the short sword in my hand, I thrust backwards and up, stabbing my attacker through its chest. I turned and kicked it, pushing aether into my leg. The blow sent the ghoul flying into three others, all of which tumbled off the bridge.
Haedrig gasped, his eyes wide as he stared at the gaping wound on my back. “Grey!”
“It’s fine.” I gritted through the pain, telling myself it would heal quickly, and turned instead back to the statue.
My own face looked back at me from the wall.
The statue had been carved as if in the midst of a fierce battle cry: the mouth was open wide, teeth bared, and even the tongue visibly carved as if in motion; the brows were turned down, angry and aggressive; the eyes were alive with fury, glaring out at the rest of the zone as if this giant Arthur was about to smash the place to dust.
That had to be it. Why would my face be carved into the wall otherwise?
Looking at the battered sword in my hand, crumbling from the burden of aether flowing through it, I tossed it out into the empty space between the wall and the bridge. It tumbled down into the dark and disappeared.
“Hey!” Haedrig grunted from a few feet away, where he was holding off four ghouls that were clinging relentlessly to the edge of the path.
“I was hoping for some sort of invisible bridge,” I admitted, shrugging apologetically.
‘You think that’s the exit?’ Regis asked mentally, his jaws busy tearing at the throat of a ghoul.
I think it might be, yeah. I think we’re here because of me, because the Relictombs knows I can use aether and is trying to test me somehow. That’s why this zone has been so hard for the others. I need to use aether somehow so we can escape, I’m sure of it. I just need to think...
‘Well think fast, or there will be a few less of us to leave once you do figure it out.’
Ezra grunted as one of the fallen serpent-ghouls, which was missing much of its lower half, grabbed at his heel and tripped him. Riah fell next to him and jolted awake with a scream of pain. The monster clawed toward her, pulling its slithering torso across the ground with its long arms.
From his back, Ezra spun his spear around and tried to drive it into the ghoul’s neck, but he didn’t have the angle or momentum, and he merely nicked its arm instead. Strong claws wrapped around the shaft and ripped the spear from his hand.
Riah tried to scramble backwards away from it, but in doing so slammed the stump of her leg against the stone path. Her entire body went rigid as she screamed again, and it looked as if her strength had left her.
Kalon was nearly overwhelmed at the rear, unable to disengage.
Haedrig had his back turned to the pair, and though he must have heard the screams, he couldn’t see the half-dead monster crawling toward Riah.
Ada was backpedaling away from two other ghouls, flashes of electricity jumping from her hands to their snakelike bodies, but she no longer had the strength to generate spells strong enough to kill.
Regis whimpered behind me as three ghouls fell atop him, their claws ripping and tearing at his neck, ears, and belly.
They’re all going to die, I realized with grim certainty. They aren’t strong enough to be here, and even with God Step I can’t—
It was like a jolt of electricity went through my mind. God Step! I couldn’t walk through thin air with Burst Step, but God Step would take me directly into the statue’s gaping maw.
I hesitated. If I’m wrong—
‘What the hell do you have these powers for if you’re not going to use them?’ Regis growled in my head, his voice thick with frustration and pain.
Choosing not to look behind me again, hoping against hope that I wasn’t about to leave Haedrig, Riah, and the Granbehl siblings to a gruesome death, I tuned out everything. I pushed away the pain wracking my body from both the injuries that I had sustained and the rapid healing of those injuries. I bottled my emotions of doubt, anger, guilt, and frustration, and I concentrated on the way forward.
I let my eyes unfocus, seeing the aether all around me. I found the immaterial path within the realm of spatium, the vibration to which I could attune, that would let me stop being where I was and start being where I needed to go.
Though I couldn’t see it, I felt the God Rune flare with warmth, glowing through the false-spellforms on my back. The aether reacted, the vibration intensifying, and I felt the path beckon me.
I followed it. Though my eyes told me I was standing in a different location and my ears detected the sudden muffling of the sounds of combat, the movement was otherwise so instantaneous that even my own senses didn’t feel it as a physical action of my body.
I was standing atop the stone tongue within the giant carving of my own face. The inside of the mouth was recreated with excruciating detail except, where the back of the throat should have been, there was a stone door.
For a single breath, nothing happened. In my mind’s eye, I watched as Haedrig was pulled from the edge of the bridge and cast down into the depths; as Riah, paralyzed by pain, was mauled by the crawling ghoul; as Ada was run down by the pursuing monsters...
Then a grinding noise like an avalanche roared through the zone, so overwhelmingly loud that it shook all thought from my mind. I felt as though the entire chamber—every piece of stone, every molecule of air—was about to be torn apart. Then the stone beneath my feet began to move.
Turning, I saw that the bridge, where my companions had only an instant ago been fighting for their very lives, was drawing slowly nearer. It was with a wave of relief that I realized they were no longer surrounded by the awful, snakelike ghouls.
Kalon and Haedrig both still had their weapons held at the ready, their heads turning back and forth as if scanning the bridge for enemies. Ada was kneeling down next to Riah and Ezra. Regis stood at the edge of the path, staring down into the abyss.
‘They just vanished!’ Regis practically screamed. ‘One second they were all creepy faces and nasty claws, then they just turned to shadow and—poof.’
The others turned to watch as my face approached the footbridge. The walls slowed, then halted, leaving no gap between the statue’s gaping mouth and the path.
I stepped over the statue’s teeth and back onto the bridge, now a narrow path between two high walls of faces. The statues carved on the wall, I noted, didn’t look grotesque and misshapen from up close. They were kind, regal faces, and I was reminded immediately of the djinn I battled before I was given the keystone.
“Is everyone alright?”
“Ezra’s a little beat up,” Kalon said, eyeing me warily, “and Riah really needs medical attention. But she’ll survive. At least it’s over.”
Ada looked up at me from where she kneeled next to Riah. “What happened?”
I wasn’t sure exactly what to tell her. My hesitation must have shown, because Haedrig stepped in to interrupt my response.
“Any sort of explanations can happen once we’re out of this hellish zone.” He nodded toward Riah. “Let’s get her up off the cold stone.” Haedrig caught my eye as he turned to look back into the statue’s mouth. From this angle, it was no longer recognizable as my own face towering over us. “Is there a portal in there?”
I nodded. “There is a door, yeah.”
“Lead the way then.”

I gestured to Regis, and the shadow wolf loped up to me and leapt into my body. The gaping jaw was perfectly placed against the path, making an easy step down and into the mouth. Kalon and Ezra lifted Riah and followed behind me.
The stone door opened easily to my touch, revealing an opaque portal. None of us said a word to each other, but we didn’t have to. Expressions of relief were written clearly on the faces of Kalon, Ezra, Ada, and even Haedrig.
‘Well, that could have been worse.’ Even Regis sounded like he just wanted some rest.

Our team’s gaze fell on me expectantly, and, after a nod, I stepped through.
Chapter 290: The Mirror Room
My mind reeled in confusion as I stepped through the portal and into the next zone. A figure lunged from my left and I jerked my hands up to deflect the blow, but nothing happened. Movement from the corner of my eye caused me to turn sharply, expecting a flanking attack, but no attack came from that direction either.
‘Jumping at shadows now, eh Princess?’ Regis chuckled in my mind. ‘Look.’
“Who—who are they?”
All around, people looked back at me through rectangular windows, each wearing a look of anguish, their faces wet with tears, twisted with rage, or contorted into soundless screams. Some sat still, though most were in the midst of manic fits, gesticulating wildly, striking and scratching at themselves or the ground, like wards in an asylum.
Before I could investigate further, Kalon and Ezra were stumbling into me, Riah between them.
“What the hell?” Ezra said, flinching back from me and from the figures within the windows.
At the center of the room there was a square fountain, six feet to a side and surrounded by benches. “There,” I said, pointing to a bench. “Set her down there.”
The brothers carried their family friend across the room, a steady stream of her blood running from the severed wreckage of her foot, spattering darkly across the marble floor.
Ada came next, her steps halting, her eyes glassy. “Is—is this the sanctuary?” She gazed at one of the nearby figures, her brows knitting in confusion. She actually leaned toward it and squinted to try and focus on it, as if she didn’t quite believe her own eyes.
The figure, a very portly man who wore only linen pants, a pair of steel boots, and spiked gauntlets, didn’t look back, but kneeled on all fours, hammering one massive gauntlet into the ground again and again and again.
Haedrig, the last in, set a hand gently on her shoulder and guided her past me, toward the fountain at the center of the room. “No, this isn’t a sanctuary room,” he said, his voice low and ominous.
Kalon was wrapping Riah’s stub with bandages from his dimension ring while Ezra looked on, helplessly fidgeting with his spear. He snapped around when Haedrig spoke.
“What do you mean this isn’t the sanctuary room? It”—he glanced around and flinched again, as if seeing the room for the first time—“has to be...”
Haedrig guided Ada to the benches and encouraged her to sit down before turning back to Ezra. “It clearly isn’t, and after that first zone you’d have to be a fool to think that we’d end up anywhere so expected as a sanctuary room.”
Ezra glared petulantly at Haedrig, but the mossy-haired veteran seemed entirely unconcerned. They held one another’s eyes for a long moment before Ezra huffed and turned away, this time looking to his sister.
I turned my attention back to the room. It was only about fifteen feet wide and eight feet tall, making it feel very low and claustrophobic after the enormity of the last zone.
Though the area near the fountain was brightly lit by orbs of light that hung down over the running water, the room faded into shadow beyond the light’s edge, making it difficult to tell how long the room was. The light reflecting off the many windows showing us the tortured figures made it feel as though the room stretched on forever.
‘Not windows,’ Regis thought, ‘mirrors. Look.’
Regis was right. As I approached the nearest mirror, I could see the room reflected within it, though, of course, the man in the mirror was not me, nor did he exist outside of that reflection. He was an older man with a thick gray beard. He sat cross legged, staring unblinkingly back out at me, his lips moving ceaselessly.
I leaned forward, cocking my head so my ear was nearly pressed against the mirror, and I realized I could hear the faint whisper of a voice, though I could not make out the words.
“Well,” Kalon said, drawing my attention back to the others, “Riah is sleeping. She’s lost a lot of blood, but that poultice you gave her saved her life, Ada. If we can get out of here quick enough, she’ll be okay.”
Kalon stepped up to a mirror near the fountain. The man within it wore a helm topped by sharp, onyx-black horns like scimitars, giving him the appearance of a Vritra. He stood with his arms crossed and a haughty sneer smeared across his face. Based on his armor—black leather and blackened steel plates with jet runes inlaid throughout—he was an ascender, and a wealthy one at that.
“They’re all ascenders,” Haedrig said, as if he’d read my mind.
“Look at the design and material of their clothes and armor,” Kalon pointed out. “Especially the horns. It’s been out of favor to wear horned helms for, what, several decades? They’ve been trapped here for quite awhile, haven’t they?”
No one answered, though a collective chill ran through the group as we all considered being trapped in this room for eternity.
“Why in Vritra’s name are we here?” Ezra said, moving to stand by Kalon. “This is a prelim. It’s supposed to be over!” The broad-shouldered young man turned toward me. “You! I don’t know how, but this is your fault, isn’t it?!”
“Enough,” Kalon said quietly. “Whyever we’re here, it’s just another test. This is a puzzle zone. We need to start looking for clues that’ll help us solve the room and move on.”
Ada’s discouraged expression disappeared as she got up to her feet, forcing a smile for us to see. “That’s right! We can do this! For—” Ada glanced at the sleeping Riah, her bandages already spotted through with blood. “For Riah!”
The first-time ascender’s bravery seemed to douse Ezra’s hot head, and he gave his sister a side-hug, wincing as he did so.
“What about you?” I asked him. “How badly were you hurt?”
“It’s nothing,” he said, his chin up, his gaze haughty. “I’ll be fine.”
Shaking my head, I turned away and began examining the mirrors, one by one, for any hint or clue about how to proceed.
Kalon stepped up beside me. “That was an impressive spell you used to teleport back there.”
“Thanks,” I said simply.
“I’ll admit, I wasn’t the best student at academy,” Kalon went on, “and I was particularly bad at ancient runes—I just never really understood the point, you know? I always knew I was going to be an ascender, and ascenders don’t fight each other.”
I turned to Kalon, meeting his eye. “What are you getting at?”
He raised his hands and smiled warmly, but I could see the tension in the way he held himself and the way his smile didn’t quite reach his eyes. “Just making conversation, Grey—and, thinking about that spell. I’ve never seen anything like it. We studied all kinds of runes at the academy—making it more difficult increases the prestige, I guess.
“I was curious”—he paused, glancing up the hall toward his brother and sister—“if I could see your...What is it you have? An emblem? It seems too powerful for a crest.” When I didn’t immediately answer, Kalon broke into a surprised grin. “It’s not a regalia, surely? Is that why you don’t have your runes displayed? Who are you?”
“Listen,” I said, “there’ll be plenty of time for war stories when we’re out of here, okay? For now, let’s just figure out this puzzle room.”
Kalon shook his head and patted me on the shoulder. “I’ll figure you out yet, Grey.” He turned to walk up the hall, following his siblings, then stopped. “Oh, and sorry about Ezra. Don’t mind him, he’s just protective of the girls.”
‘And an imbecile,’ Regis said in my mind.
I smiled and turned back to the mirrors, focusing again on the task at hand.
‘Guesses here?’ Regis asked after we’d looked over a dozen or more of the reflections. ‘What are we looking for, Arthur?’
If everyone here is an ascender, then they’ve presumably been trapped somehow. Maybe by touching the mirrors?
‘Okay, so don’t touch the mirrors, check. But how do we get out of here?’
I stopped when one of the figures we passed by waved wildly with both arms, clearly trying to get my attention. He was a bearded man who also had a horned helm with locks of wavy brown hair that flowed down past his chin. His eyes were deeply sunken and ringed with shadows, but he perked up when I stopped.
They can see us, I thought, realization washing over me.
The trapped ascender pressed his hand to the inside of the mirror, gesturing for me to do the same. When I didn’t immediately respond, he grinned and nodded, then gestured again more urgently.
‘It’s a trap, you know it is. What if you get sucked in after touching that mirror? What if he gets loose and tries to kill everyone else?’
“Can you hear me?” I asked out loud, pointing at the mirror. The man shook his head and gestured again at his hand pressed against the inside of the pane. I shook my head back.
The man’s face fell, and when he looked back up there was such a pure and malevolent hatred in his eyes that I took a step back from the mirror. He began shouting, even going as far as taking off his helmet and using it as a pickaxe to try and break his way out.
‘Sheesh...someone woke up on the wrong side of the mirror,’ Regis said, laughing at his own joke.

Ignoring Regis, I moved on from the enraged ascender.
After a few more minutes of fruitlessly examining the mirrors, now conscious that the inhabitants were watching me as closely as I was them, Ada called out.
“It’s...it’s me!” Ada said, her voice carrying down the hall, which seemed to be much longer than it had at first appeared. Ada was standing in front of a mirror perhaps twenty feet away, and from where I stood I could just see the figure within.
The mirror-Ada waved and smiled warmly, a gesture the real Ada immediately returned. Then, moving identically so it was almost as if one was genuinely a reflection of the other, both raised their hands and made as if to press them against the glassy pane.
“Ada,” I shouted, “stop! Don’t touch the—” Ada’s right hand pressed against the mirror, as did the reflection’s, and purple energy—aetheric essence—rose like steam from Ada’s skin, then moved like wind-blown mist along her body until it was absorbed into the mirror.
Using God Step, I was at her side in an instant, but even that was too late. Her body slumped into my arms, and I watched in horror as blackish-purple energy from the mirror oozed across her and was absorbed into her skin.
Weariness settled over me like a warm blanket. Using God Step twice in such a short time had apparently taken a toll on me. I would have to grow much stronger before I could use aether in such a way more consistently. In the meantime, at least I could use Burst Step now without tearing my body apart.
Heavy footsteps from behind me announced Kalon and Ezra’s approach. I glanced from the unconscious Ada in my arms to the mirror, and my stomach lurched. Ada—the real Ada—seemed to be banging on the inside of the mirror with her fist, practically blind with panic and the tears that streamed down her face and dripped from her chin.
Even though I couldn’t hear her, her words were clear. “Please,” she said. “Please.”
“What happened?” Ezra snapped, leaning down over his sister’s prone form and placing his hand on hers. “Ada? Ada!”
As I opened my mouth to explain, Ada’s eyes fluttered open, causing us all to recoil in surprise; they were a deep, dark, glowing violet.
Kalon looked from the purple-eyed Ada to the mirror where the crying, frantic Ada was still screaming, “Please, please!” The eldest sibling’s eyes were bloodshot as he tried to muster every ounce of composure he had left, his hand reaching closer toward the mirror.
“Stop!” I released a pulse of aetheric intent, causing everyone—Haedrig had joined us only a moment before—to freeze in place. “Touching the mirror is what caused this. I think...” I paused, carefully considering how best to explain what I saw. “I think that Ada was drawn into the mirror, and that something came out of the mirror to inhabit her body.”
Ezra, seizing on this thought, grabbed Ada’s hand and pulled her toward the mirror. “Then we just make them switch back!”
I reached for Ezra’s arm, but Kalon stopped me. “Let him try.”
Before I could argue, Ezra—over the terrified objections of the purple-eyed Ada—had pressed her hand against the glass. On the other side, our Ada mirrored the gesture.
Nothing happened.
“Please,” Ada said, “Let go of me, Ezra. You’re hurting me.” A single large tear welled up within those otherworldly eyes. “Please.”
Ezra let go and stepped away, grimacing. He looked from Ada to Kalon and back, anguish written across his face. In the mirror, the image of Ada had fallen onto her knees, her hands over her face, her entire body wracked by sobs.
“How do we know,” Kalon said, speaking deliberately as tears welled up in his eyes, “that the Ada in the mirror is the real Ada? What if it’s some kind of trick—or trap?”
“The glowing purple eyes didn’t give it away?” I asked, unable to keep the annoyance out of my voice. Kalon didn’t respond, but Ezra stepped toward me aggressively, his fists clenched and his eyes full of dark fire.
I whipped my head around and met his gaze, a near-palpable intent leaking out of me. “Don’t do anything you’re going to regret, kid.”
Ezra halted and gnashed his teeth, his fists still raised in wary defiance.
“This isn’t the time to be fighting amongst ourselves,” I added gently, letting out a sigh.
Ezra held my eyes for a long moment, breathing hard. Then he turned suddenly and pressed his hand to the glass of Ada’s mirror prison.
Though I couldn’t sense any change, it was clear that something was happening to Ezra. His entire body tensed, and, when he turned back to look at Kalon, his face was pale and his eyes shined with tears.
“Ezra!” Kalon gasped.
“I can hear her,” Ezra said, his voice choked with emotion. “When I touch the mirror, I can hear Ada. She sounds so scared...”
Following his brother’s lead, Kalon pressed his palm against the mirror’s surface. Immediately Kalon’s expression darkened. He didn’t have to say anything for me to know that he, too, could hear her cries.
Wanting to give the brothers a moment of privacy while they shared their sister’s suffering, I turned to Haedrig, but he was nowhere to be seen. I looked toward the fountain, where Riah lay sleeping, but he wasn’t there. Neither could I see him in the dim light at the edges of the room.
A jolt of fear ran through me, and I began searching the nearby mirrors for any sign of him.
I passed a wispy haired young woman who lay naked on the floor, rolling back and forth with her hands stretched out over her head like a child playing in the grass; a figure in bulky armor whose face had been tattooed until only the shocking blue eyes were untouched; and a man who wore robes like a monk, but who had the mindless, murderous look of a mana beast.
Haedrig wasn’t there.
I glanced back at the others; Kalon and Ezra each still had one hand pressed against Ada’s mirror and the other set upon each other’s shoulder. In the mirror, Ada pressed her hands to theirs.
The purple-eyed Ada was crawling unnoticed away from them, toward the fountain next to which Riah slept. There was something alien and malevolent in the way Ada moved, and her glowing eyes narrowed into a glare as she caught me watching her. I stepped toward her, but stopped when the sound of shattered glass filled the room.
“Haedrig?” I called into the darkness, the creature masquerading as Ada momentarily forgotten.
“Fine, I’m fine,” Haedrig said, walking toward me out of the gloom, his sword drawn.
Instinctively, I drew the white dagger I’d claimed from the lair of the giant millipede. Haedrig’s eyes seemed almost drawn to the weapon as his gaze fixated on the white blade. With a start, he seemed to realize that his own blade was out, and he immediately sheathed it within his dimension ring.
“I’m sorry if I startled you, Grey,” he said, his voice steady, his hands out to his sides to show that he was not armed. “I found my own image in a mirror farther down the hall, and—well, it may have been a bit reckless, but—I was taken by an instinct, and I smashed it.”
‘Oh, yeah, great idea, let’s just smash up the cursed mirror-prisons, I’m sure nothing bad will happen,’ Regis grumbled.
“That was—” I wasn’t sure whether to praise Haedrig for his bravery or admonish him for his thoughtlessness, but I was saved the trouble of finishing my sentence when Haedrig’s eyes went wide and he yelled, “Ada!”
Turning, already sure what I would see, I prepared to Burst Step to the fountain, where I knew I would find the false-Ada hunkered over Riah’s unconscious form.
You fool, Arthur! I chided myself. I shouldn’t have taken my eyes off her.
I activated Burst Step, intending to move almost instantly to the edge of the fountain, then leap the remaining distance and tackle Ada. Unfortunately, Kalon moved as well, darting toward Ada and stepping directly into my path.
I struck the eldest Granbehl sibling shoulder-to-shoulder, causing him to tumble head over heels through the air. Unable to maintain my footing or my trajectory, I found myself veering headlong directly toward one of the mirrors with no way to stop my momentum.
Twisting, I slammed through the mirror shoulder first, finding myself suddenly outside of the hall of mirrors. For a sickening moment, I saw empty blackness stretch out below me, but I was able to grab onto the frame of the mirror despite the jagged edges of the remaining glass biting into my fingers.
‘Don’t look down,’ Regis urged.
I looked down.
Blackness. Infinite blackness.
The only thing to break up the nothingness was the bright rectangle that looked into the mirror room, a window floating in the abyss. I was dangling from the frame, blood beginning to seep down my hands and forearms from the cuts on my fingers.
I tried to pull myself up and back through the mirror, but a cold lethargy was seeping through my muscles. My mind was foggy, my limbs weak and unresponsive. I couldn’t focus...
‘Arthur!’ Regis yelled in my head, his voice cutting through the mist like the beam of a lighthouse. I heaved, feeling the glass scrape the bones of my fingers, but I was able to get one elbow over the lip of the mirror.
Then Haedrig appeared above me, and he was hauling me up by my cloak, half choking me in the process. My strength came roaring back as soon as I was back on the right side of the mirror, and I tore free of his grasp the moment I had my feet under me, sprinting toward Ezra and Ada, who were scuffling over Riah’s prone form.
Ezra had wrapped both his arms around Ada’s body, pinning her own arms to her sides, but she was twisting and jerking wildly within his grip. She threw her head back, smashing her brother’s nose and almost slipping free.
I tackled them, knocking both Granbehl siblings to the ground, then helped Ezra to pin Ada. Her purple eyes blazed with light and fury and she kicked, scratched, and bit at us. When she couldn’t hurt us, she began slamming her head onto the ground with a hollow thud.
Kalon appeared, throwing himself onto the pile and helping to hold her still and keep her from hurting herself. “Ada, stop! Please...” His voice cracked as he pleaded with the creature controlling Ada’s body.
Regis, I need you to go in there and see what is inhabiting her body. I wasn’t sure it would even work, but I thought that if Regis could go into Sylvie’s stone, perhaps he could inhabit Ada’s body as well.
‘Gross. You want me to go into someone else’s body? What if—’ I could sense the revulsion leaking out from Regis, but there wasn’t time to argue.
Just do it. Now!
The shadow wolf leapt from my body, paced once around our roiling pile, then hesitantly dissolved into Ada. At first, nothing happened. Then the struggling lessened, and Ada went limp, though her eyes still blazed with violet light.
Kalon, Ezra, and I held our positions, waiting to see if Ada would resume struggling. My eyes darted around the room, taking in the scene. The figures in the mirrors all around us had stopped their wild gesticulations; every single one now stood still, their eyes locked onto the four of us lying on the floor in a heap. The broken mirror now looked out onto black nothingness, like an empty eye socket.
Haedrig stood over us, though he wasn’t looking toward our group. His gaze was turned toward the bench where Riah lay, quiet and motionless. The bandage on her leg had been partially unwrapped, revealing the gory, gnawed stump beneath. Blood no longer flowed from the wound.
Riah’s face was pale, locked in an expression of fear and agony. Though her glassy eyes still stared up at the low ceiling, I knew they no longer saw.
Riah was dead.





Chapter 290
Chapter 290: The Mirror Room
My mind reeled in confusion as I stepped through the portal and into the next zone. A figure lunged from my left and I jerked my hands up to deflect the blow, but nothing happened. Movement from the corner of my eye caused me to turn sharply, expecting a flanking attack, but no attack came from that direction either.
‘Jumping at shadows now, eh Princess?’ Regis chuckled in my mind. ‘Look.’
“Who—who are they?”
All around, people looked back at me through rectangular windows, each wearing a look of anguish, their faces wet with tears, twisted with rage, or contorted into soundless screams. Some sat still, though most were in the midst of manic fits, gesticulating wildly, striking and scratching at themselves or the ground, like wards in an asylum.
Before I could investigate further, Kalon and Ezra were stumbling into me, Riah between them.
“What the hell?” Ezra said, flinching back from me and from the figures within the windows.
At the center of the room there was a square fountain, six feet to a side and surrounded by benches. “There,” I said, pointing to a bench. “Set her down there.”
The brothers carried their family friend across the room, a steady stream of her blood running from the severed wreckage of her foot, spattering darkly across the marble floor.
Ada came next, her steps halting, her eyes glassy. “Is—is this the sanctuary?” She gazed at one of the nearby figures, her brows knitting in confusion. She actually leaned toward it and squinted to try and focus on it, as if she didn’t quite believe her own eyes.
The figure, a very portly man who wore only linen pants, a pair of steel boots, and spiked gauntlets, didn’t look back, but kneeled on all fours, hammering one massive gauntlet into the ground again and again and again.
Haedrig, the last in, set a hand gently on her shoulder and guided her past me, toward the fountain at the center of the room. “No, this isn’t a sanctuary room,” he said, his voice low and ominous.
Kalon was wrapping Riah’s stub with bandages from his dimension ring while Ezra looked on, helplessly fidgeting with his spear. He snapped around when Haedrig spoke.
“What do you mean this isn’t the sanctuary room? It”—he glanced around and flinched again, as if seeing the room for the first time—“has to be...”
Haedrig guided Ada to the benches and encouraged her to sit down before turning back to Ezra. “It clearly isn’t, and after that first zone you’d have to be a fool to think that we’d end up anywhere so expected as a sanctuary room.”
Ezra glared petulantly at Haedrig, but the mossy-haired veteran seemed entirely unconcerned. They held one another’s eyes for a long moment before Ezra huffed and turned away, this time looking to his sister.
I turned my attention back to the room. It was only about fifteen feet wide and eight feet tall, making it feel very low and claustrophobic after the enormity of the last zone.
Though the area near the fountain was brightly lit by orbs of light that hung down over the running water, the room faded into shadow beyond the light’s edge, making it difficult to tell how long the room was. The light reflecting off the many windows showing us the tortured figures made it feel as though the room stretched on forever.
‘Not windows,’ Regis thought, ‘mirrors. Look.’
Regis was right. As I approached the nearest mirror, I could see the room reflected within it, though, of course, the man in the mirror was not me, nor did he exist outside of that reflection. He was an older man with a thick gray beard. He sat cross legged, staring unblinkingly back out at me, his lips moving ceaselessly.
I leaned forward, cocking my head so my ear was nearly pressed against the mirror, and I realized I could hear the faint whisper of a voice, though I could not make out the words.
“Well,” Kalon said, drawing my attention back to the others, “Riah is sleeping. She’s lost a lot of blood, but that poultice you gave her saved her life, Ada. If we can get out of here quick enough, she’ll be okay.”
Kalon stepped up to a mirror near the fountain. The man within it wore a helm topped by sharp, onyx-black horns like scimitars, giving him the appearance of a Vritra. He stood with his arms crossed and a haughty sneer smeared across his face. Based on his armor—black leather and blackened steel plates with jet runes inlaid throughout—he was an ascender, and a wealthy one at that.
“They’re all ascenders,” Haedrig said, as if he’d read my mind.
“Look at the design and material of their clothes and armor,” Kalon pointed out. “Especially the horns. It’s been out of favor to wear horned helms for, what, several decades? They’ve been trapped here for quite awhile, haven’t they?”
No one answered, though a collective chill ran through the group as we all considered being trapped in this room for eternity.
“Why in Vritra’s name are we here?” Ezra said, moving to stand by Kalon. “This is a prelim. It’s supposed to be over!” The broad-shouldered young man turned toward me. “You! I don’t know how, but this is your fault, isn’t it?!”

“Enough,” Kalon said quietly. “Whyever we’re here, it’s just another test. This is a puzzle zone. We need to start looking for clues that’ll help us solve the room and move on.”
Ada’s discouraged expression disappeared as she got up to her feet, forcing a smile for us to see. “That’s right! We can do this! For—” Ada glanced at the sleeping Riah, her bandages already spotted through with blood. “For Riah!”
The first-time ascender’s bravery seemed to douse Ezra’s hot head, and he gave his sister a side-hug, wincing as he did so.
“What about you?” I asked him. “How badly were you hurt?”
“It’s nothing,” he said, his chin up, his gaze haughty. “I’ll be fine.”
Shaking my head, I turned away and began examining the mirrors, one by one, for any hint or clue about how to proceed.
Kalon stepped up beside me. “That was an impressive spell you used to teleport back there.”
“Thanks,” I said simply.
“I’ll admit, I wasn’t the best student at academy,” Kalon went on, “and I was particularly bad at ancient runes—I just never really understood the point, you know? I always knew I was going to be an ascender, and ascenders don’t fight each other.”
I turned to Kalon, meeting his eye. “What are you getting at?”
He raised his hands and smiled warmly, but I could see the tension in the way he held himself and the way his smile didn’t quite reach his eyes. “Just making conversation, Grey—and, thinking about that spell. I’ve never seen anything like it. We studied all kinds of runes at the academy—making it more difficult increases the prestige, I guess.
“I was curious”—he paused, glancing up the hall toward his brother and sister—“if I could see your...What is it you have? An emblem? It seems too powerful for a crest.” When I didn’t immediately answer, Kalon broke into a surprised grin. “It’s not a regalia, surely? Is that why you don’t have your runes displayed? Who are you?”
“Listen,” I said, “there’ll be plenty of time for war stories when we’re out of here, okay? For now, let’s just figure out this puzzle room.”
Kalon shook his head and patted me on the shoulder. “I’ll figure you out yet, Grey.” He turned to walk up the hall, following his siblings, then stopped. “Oh, and sorry about Ezra. Don’t mind him, he’s just protective of the girls.”
‘And an imbecile,’ Regis said in my mind.
I smiled and turned back to the mirrors, focusing again on the task at hand.
‘Guesses here?’ Regis asked after we’d looked over a dozen or more of the reflections. ‘What are we looking for, Arthur?’
If everyone here is an ascender, then they’ve presumably been trapped somehow. Maybe by touching the mirrors?
‘Okay, so don’t touch the mirrors, check. But how do we get out of here?’
I stopped when one of the figures we passed by waved wildly with both arms, clearly trying to get my attention. He was a bearded man who also had a horned helm with locks of wavy brown hair that flowed down past his chin. His eyes were deeply sunken and ringed with shadows, but he perked up when I stopped.
They can see us, I thought, realization washing over me.
The trapped ascender pressed his hand to the inside of the mirror, gesturing for me to do the same. When I didn’t immediately respond, he grinned and nodded, then gestured again more urgently.
‘It’s a trap, you know it is. What if you get sucked in after touching that mirror? What if he gets loose and tries to kill everyone else?’
“Can you hear me?” I asked out loud, pointing at the mirror. The man shook his head and gestured again at his hand pressed against the inside of the pane. I shook my head back.
The man’s face fell, and when he looked back up there was such a pure and malevolent hatred in his eyes that I took a step back from the mirror. He began shouting, even going as far as taking off his helmet and using it as a pickaxe to try and break his way out.
‘Sheesh...someone woke up on the wrong side of the mirror,’ Regis said, laughing at his own joke.
Ignoring Regis, I moved on from the enraged ascender.
After a few more minutes of fruitlessly examining the mirrors, now conscious that the inhabitants were watching me as closely as I was them, Ada called out.
“It’s...it’s me!” Ada said, her voice carrying down the hall, which seemed to be much longer than it had at first appeared. Ada was standing in front of a mirror perhaps twenty feet away, and from where I stood I could just see the figure within.

The mirror-Ada waved and smiled warmly, a gesture the real Ada immediately returned. Then, moving identically so it was almost as if one was genuinely a reflection of the other, both raised their hands and made as if to press them against the glassy pane.
“Ada,” I shouted, “stop! Don’t touch the—” Ada’s right hand pressed against the mirror, as did the reflection’s, and purple energy—aetheric essence—rose like steam from Ada’s skin, then moved like wind-blown mist along her body until it was absorbed into the mirror.

Using God Step, I was at her side in an instant, but even that was too late. Her body slumped into my arms, and I watched in horror as blackish-purple energy from the mirror oozed across her and was absorbed into her skin.
Weariness settled over me like a warm blanket. Using God Step twice in such a short time had apparently taken a toll on me. I would have to grow much stronger before I could use aether in such a way more consistently. In the meantime, at least I could use Burst Step now without tearing my body apart.
Heavy footsteps from behind me announced Kalon and Ezra’s approach. I glanced from the unconscious Ada in my arms to the mirror, and my stomach lurched. Ada—the real Ada—seemed to be banging on the inside of the mirror with her fist, practically blind with panic and the tears that streamed down her face and dripped from her chin.
Even though I couldn’t hear her, her words were clear. “Please,” she said. “Please.”
“What happened?” Ezra snapped, leaning down over his sister’s prone form and placing his hand on hers. “Ada? Ada!”
As I opened my mouth to explain, Ada’s eyes fluttered open, causing us all to recoil in surprise; they were a deep, dark, glowing violet.
Kalon looked from the purple-eyed Ada to the mirror where the crying, frantic Ada was still screaming, “Please, please!” The eldest sibling’s eyes were bloodshot as he tried to muster every ounce of composure he had left, his hand reaching closer toward the mirror.
“Stop!” I released a pulse of aetheric intent, causing everyone—Haedrig had joined us only a moment before—to freeze in place. “Touching the mirror is what caused this. I think...” I paused, carefully considering how best to explain what I saw. “I think that Ada was drawn into the mirror, and that something came out of the mirror to inhabit her body.”
Ezra, seizing on this thought, grabbed Ada’s hand and pulled her toward the mirror. “Then we just make them switch back!”
I reached for Ezra’s arm, but Kalon stopped me. “Let him try.”
Before I could argue, Ezra—over the terrified objections of the purple-eyed Ada—had pressed her hand against the glass. On the other side, our Ada mirrored the gesture.
Nothing happened.
“Please,” Ada said, “Let go of me, Ezra. You’re hurting me.” A single large tear welled up within those otherworldly eyes. “Please.”
Ezra let go and stepped away, grimacing. He looked from Ada to Kalon and back, anguish written across his face. In the mirror, the image of Ada had fallen onto her knees, her hands over her face, her entire body wracked by sobs.
“How do we know,” Kalon said, speaking deliberately as tears welled up in his eyes, “that the Ada in the mirror is the real Ada? What if it’s some kind of trick—or trap?”
“The glowing purple eyes didn’t give it away?” I asked, unable to keep the annoyance out of my voice. Kalon didn’t respond, but Ezra stepped toward me aggressively, his fists clenched and his eyes full of dark fire.
I whipped my head around and met his gaze, a near-palpable intent leaking out of me. “Don’t do anything you’re going to regret, kid.”
Ezra halted and gnashed his teeth, his fists still raised in wary defiance.
“This isn’t the time to be fighting amongst ourselves,” I added gently, letting out a sigh.
Ezra held my eyes for a long moment, breathing hard. Then he turned suddenly and pressed his hand to the glass of Ada’s mirror prison.
Though I couldn’t sense any change, it was clear that something was happening to Ezra. His entire body tensed, and, when he turned back to look at Kalon, his face was pale and his eyes shined with tears.
“Ezra!” Kalon gasped.
“I can hear her,” Ezra said, his voice choked with emotion. “When I touch the mirror, I can hear Ada. She sounds so scared...”
Following his brother’s lead, Kalon pressed his palm against the mirror’s surface. Immediately Kalon’s expression darkened. He didn’t have to say anything for me to know that he, too, could hear her cries.
Wanting to give the brothers a moment of privacy while they shared their sister’s suffering, I turned to Haedrig, but he was nowhere to be seen. I looked toward the fountain, where Riah lay sleeping, but he wasn’t there. Neither could I see him in the dim light at the edges of the room.

A jolt of fear ran through me, and I began searching the nearby mirrors for any sign of him.
I passed a wispy haired young woman who lay naked on the floor, rolling back and forth with her hands stretched out over her head like a child playing in the grass; a figure in bulky armor whose face had been tattooed until only the shocking blue eyes were untouched; and a man who wore robes like a monk, but who had the mindless, murderous look of a mana beast.
Haedrig wasn’t there.
I glanced back at the others; Kalon and Ezra each still had one hand pressed against Ada’s mirror and the other set upon each other’s shoulder. In the mirror, Ada pressed her hands to theirs.
The purple-eyed Ada was crawling unnoticed away from them, toward the fountain next to which Riah slept. There was something alien and malevolent in the way Ada moved, and her glowing eyes narrowed into a glare as she caught me watching her. I stepped toward her, but stopped when the sound of shattered glass filled the room.
“Haedrig?” I called into the darkness, the creature masquerading as Ada momentarily forgotten.
“Fine, I’m fine,” Haedrig said, walking toward me out of the gloom, his sword drawn.
Instinctively, I drew the white dagger I’d claimed from the lair of the giant millipede. Haedrig’s eyes seemed almost drawn to the weapon as his gaze fixated on the white blade. With a start, he seemed to realize that his own blade was out, and he immediately sheathed it within his dimension ring.
“I’m sorry if I startled you, Grey,” he said, his voice steady, his hands out to his sides to show that he was not armed. “I found my own image in a mirror farther down the hall, and—well, it may have been a bit reckless, but—I was taken by an instinct, and I smashed it.”
‘Oh, yeah, great idea, let’s just smash up the cursed mirror-prisons, I’m sure nothing bad will happen,’ Regis grumbled.
“That was—” I wasn’t sure whether to praise Haedrig for his bravery or admonish him for his thoughtlessness, but I was saved the trouble of finishing my sentence when Haedrig’s eyes went wide and he yelled, “Ada!”
Turning, already sure what I would see, I prepared to Burst Step to the fountain, where I knew I would find the false-Ada hunkered over Riah’s unconscious form.
You fool, Arthur! I chided myself. I shouldn’t have taken my eyes off her.
I activated Burst Step, intending to move almost instantly to the edge of the fountain, then leap the remaining distance and tackle Ada. Unfortunately, Kalon moved as well, darting toward Ada and stepping directly into my path.
I struck the eldest Granbehl sibling shoulder-to-shoulder, causing him to tumble head over heels through the air. Unable to maintain my footing or my trajectory, I found myself veering headlong directly toward one of the mirrors with no way to stop my momentum.
Twisting, I slammed through the mirror shoulder first, finding myself suddenly outside of the hall of mirrors. For a sickening moment, I saw empty blackness stretch out below me, but I was able to grab onto the frame of the mirror despite the jagged edges of the remaining glass biting into my fingers.
‘Don’t look down,’ Regis urged.
I looked down.
Blackness. Infinite blackness.
The only thing to break up the nothingness was the bright rectangle that looked into the mirror room, a window floating in the abyss. I was dangling from the frame, blood beginning to seep down my hands and forearms from the cuts on my fingers.
I tried to pull myself up and back through the mirror, but a cold lethargy was seeping through my muscles. My mind was foggy, my limbs weak and unresponsive. I couldn’t focus...
‘Arthur!’ Regis yelled in my head, his voice cutting through the mist like the beam of a lighthouse. I heaved, feeling the glass scrape the bones of my fingers, but I was able to get one elbow over the lip of the mirror.
Then Haedrig appeared above me, and he was hauling me up by my cloak, half choking me in the process. My strength came roaring back as soon as I was back on the right side of the mirror, and I tore free of his grasp the moment I had my feet under me, sprinting toward Ezra and Ada, who were scuffling over Riah’s prone form.
Ezra had wrapped both his arms around Ada’s body, pinning her own arms to her sides, but she was twisting and jerking wildly within his grip. She threw her head back, smashing her brother’s nose and almost slipping free.
I tackled them, knocking both Granbehl siblings to the ground, then helped Ezra to pin Ada. Her purple eyes blazed with light and fury and she kicked, scratched, and bit at us. When she couldn’t hurt us, she began slamming her head onto the ground with a hollow thud.
Kalon appeared, throwing himself onto the pile and helping to hold her still and keep her from hurting herself. “Ada, stop! Please...” His voice cracked as he pleaded with the creature controlling Ada’s body.
Regis, I need you to go in there and see what is inhabiting her body. I wasn’t sure it would even work, but I thought that if Regis could go into Sylvie’s stone, perhaps he could inhabit Ada’s body as well.
‘Gross. You want me to go into someone else’s body? What if—’ I could sense the revulsion leaking out from Regis, but there wasn’t time to argue.
Just do it. Now!
The shadow wolf leapt from my body, paced once around our roiling pile, then hesitantly dissolved into Ada. At first, nothing happened. Then the struggling lessened, and Ada went limp, though her eyes still blazed with violet light.
Kalon, Ezra, and I held our positions, waiting to see if Ada would resume struggling. My eyes darted around the room, taking in the scene. The figures in the mirrors all around us had stopped their wild gesticulations; every single one now stood still, their eyes locked onto the four of us lying on the floor in a heap. The broken mirror now looked out onto black nothingness, like an empty eye socket.
Haedrig stood over us, though he wasn’t looking toward our group. His gaze was turned toward the bench where Riah lay, quiet and motionless. The bandage on her leg had been partially unwrapped, revealing the gory, gnawed stump beneath. Blood no longer flowed from the wound.
Riah’s face was pale, locked in an expression of fear and agony. Though her glassy eyes still stared up at the low ceiling, I knew they no longer saw.
Riah was dead.





Chapter 291
Chapter 291: Telling Tales
Reaching out, Haedrig closed Riah’s sightless eyes before turning back to the rest of us gathered around Ada.
Though she appeared immobilized by whatever Regis was doing in her body, I knew this wasn’t over. The glowing purple eyes were locked on Riah, and a quivering smile kept flitting across her lips as she fought for control.
‘I can’t hold this forever!’ Regis transmitted to me.
“We need to tie her up,” I said, my voice sounding raw and tired to my own ears.
Haedrig helped Kalon and Ezra to their feet while I held Ada, just in case she broke free of Regis’s control. Kalon scooped her out of my arms and set her gently on the bench next to Riah’s body, then began to restrain her using rope from his dimension ring.
Suddenly her head lunged forward and her teeth snapped shut, just barely missing Kalon’s nose.
“Ada...I’m sorry,” Kalon whispered, sorrow dripping from his voice.
After she was restrained, Regis burst from her back, landing in the fountain between the benches. The shadow wolf immediately rolled onto his back and began to splash around in the fountain, coughing in a hacking, throaty way that reminded me of a cat coughing up a hairball.
‘That—was—gross! I need a bath,’ he thought to me.
Thank you, Regis. It was enough for us to safely restrain her, so—
A shove from my left caught me off guard, causing me to reel back, though there wasn’t enough force behind it to knock me off balance.
“If you wouldn’t have knocked Kalon over, we’d have gotten to Riah in time!” Ezra, his face bright red and his eyes bulging, shouted at the top of his lungs. “She’s dead because of you! I should kill you right now—”
I let him vent. Behind him, Kalon had frozen in the act of covering Riah with a spare cloak. Haedrig had stepped off to the side to give the brothers some space. I could tell by the way his hand drifted toward the hilt of his sword that he was ready to jump in if necessary, however.
‘How long are you gonna sit here and let him shout at you?’
He’s right to be upset, Regis.
‘Maybe, but that doesn’t doesn’t make him not a jerk.’
“—never should have brought you with us, you bastard!”
No, perhaps you shouldn’t have, I thought.
Just like in the convergence zone, it appeared that my presence made things more difficult for the others. From everything I’d heard, the first zone should have been easy enough for ascenders as strong as Kalon and Haedrig.
“Do it, brother! Kill him!” Ada chimed in, her voice oozing with malice. Once she had killed Riah, any pretence of this purple-eyed creature still being Ada had slipped away, leaving behind a violent shadow of Ada’s innocent excitement.
“Shut up!” Ezra roared, turning on Ada as if he would strike her. Kalon was between them in an instant, his eyes boring into Ezra’s. The younger Granbehl brother was quick to submit, turning away from us all and walking to the broken mirror, staring out into nothing.
Ada’s glowing eyes followed him, her lips twisted into a disappointed sneer. She then turned toward Kalon and put on an innocent smile. “Oh, big brother, please untie me? These ropes hurt...”
Having had enough, I let out a wave of aetheric intent that froze everyone in place, including the false-Ada. I took a step toward her, my eyes boring holes into her skull.
“What are you doing?” Kalon asked through gritted teeth, my intent pressing down on him like a giant fist.
“I need answers,” I said matter-of-factly. “So I’m going to ask this...thing...some questions.” I released the pressure and kneeled down in front of Ada. She grinned.
“Who are you?” I asked, wanting to start with the obvious.
“Ada of House Granbehl,” she said confidently.
“Where is the real Ada?”

“I am the real Ada,” she said without hesitation or any hint of a lie.
“How do we get her back out of the mirror?”
“You can’t,” she answered with a sneer.
I narrowed my eyes. Had the creature just slipped up in admitting that the real Ada was trapped in the mirror? I couldn’t be sure if I was dealing with a trapped adventurer or some manifestation of the Relictombs, so I had no way to know what this phantom’s purpose was.
“How do we escape this room?”
“You can’t,” she repeated, the sneer twisting into a vindictive grin.
“The djinn wouldn’t have designed a test that couldn’t be completed,” I shot back in a whisper.
Taking a moment, I thought through everything I knew about the Relictombs.
Some zones we’d visited were clearly tests of our strength, requiring us to fight through powerful creatures to proceed. Others, like the millipede jungle, tested resourcefulness and adaptability, requiring less pure strength but more caution. Then there had been the platform zone, which required careful consideration instead of direct action to complete.
These “aether zones,” however, seemed less distinct than those I’d seen on my first ascent. The hall of faces had presented itself as a test of our strength against the serpent monsters, but I had no doubt now that the horde would never have been defeated. What was the test, then?
It had required the use of an aetheric ability I already knew—God Step—to complete. Beyond that, it also forced me to acknowledge the limits of my power; no warrior could fight forever against an endless army of foes, no matter how strong. Instead of fighting our way to victory, retreat had been the only way to win.
What aspect of my control over aether was the mirror room intended to test then? Regis and I shared control over the destruction rune, but I couldn’t see how destruction would help us escape the zone.
I glanced at Kalon, who was watching my conversation with Ada closely. Speaking plainly about my abilities in front of the others would reveal more than I’d intended when I sought out a group for my preliminary ascent, but it might also be the only way to escape.
“Is the ability to manipulate aether required to escape this place?”
Haedrig’s gaze, which had followed Ezra to the broken mirror, snapped back to me with furious intensity. He took a step forward, his mouth agape, and I met his eye. There was something strangely familiar about his expression; it reminded me of someone else, but I couldn’t quite place it in the moment.
I realized Ada had spoken, but I was so focused on Haedrig that I missed the answer.
“What?”
“No.” Though Ada said the word with a mean-spirited confidence, I heard it as the lie it was. I couldn’t believe that this zone was not a test of some aspect of aether.
“Do I have to use the rune of destruction to escape this place?” Kalon gave me a confused, disbelieving look. Haedrig seemed surprised, but did a better job covering his expression this time.
Ada grinned. “Yes.”
Regis huffed in my head. ‘But that doesn’t make sense. If the solution requires you to use destruction, then it requires you to use aether, right? This thing is just running you in circles, bud.’
I grinned back at Ada, meeting her glowing purple eyes knowingly. I thought I understood what was happening, but I needed to make sure with a few pointed questions.
“Who is that?” I asked, pointing at Ezra.
Ada rolled her eyes. “Why are you asking me such a stupid question?”
Pointing again, I asked, “What is his name?”
She glared at me. “I don’t know.”
Ezra had turned away from the broken mirror to watch. He seemed about to interrupt, but I motioned for silence.
“Did you kill Riah?”
“No.”
“Do you know who Riah is?”

She glanced hungrily at the cloak covering Riah’s corpse. “No.”
Shaking my head, I asked the simplest question I could think of. “Does one plus one equal two?”

“No!” Ada hissed, her face twisted into a hideous scowl.
Haedrig was the first to catch on. “Everything the creature says is a lie!”
I nodded, smiling faintly at Kalon. “See? She said that Ada couldn’t be reclaimed from the mirror, but everything that she says is a lie, even if the answer is obvious. Working backwards, we can use the lies to build a picture of the truth.”
Far from looking happy about this revelation, Kalon was staring at me as if I were a mad drunk shouting wild tales on the street corner.
It was Ezra, however, who spoke up first. “Who the hell are you? What are all these questions about aether and destruction and stuff?”
“You’re no first-time ascender from some rural blood, are you?” Kalon asked, his gaze hardening as suspicion crept through him. “Ezra was right. You’re the reason that first zone was so hard, and you’re the reason we didn’t go to a sanctuary room.”
There was no longer any point in hiding my abilities, so when Ezra’s crimson spear appeared in his hand, glowing balefully, Regis manifested from my body and pounced on top of him, dragging him to the ground.
“What are you doing!” Kalon’s hand shot out toward me, but I grabbed his arm, standing firm.
Enveloping my body in aether, I squeezed down on the armored ascender’s wrist. His expression contorted in pain as he tried to pry free from my grasp.
“I feel responsible for what happened to your sister, which is why I’ve done nothing as your little brother continued to insult and hound me,” I said with an icy stare, keeping my grip on him firm. “But I hope you don’t mistake my inaction as fear.” After a pause I let out a sigh, softening my voice, “I have a sister as well, and I know what I’d do—what I have done—to keep her safe.”
Regis’s deep growl vibrated through the room like the low rumble of distant thunder as his shadowy maw drew closer to Ezra’s throat.
“Enough,” I warned my companion, who withdrew back into my form.
Ezra scrambled back onto his feet, trying to put some distance between us, and I loosened my grip around his older brother’s wrist.
“If what you said earlier is true, you should know that I’m your best bet at saving Ada and getting us out of here,” I said, turning to Kalon.
Kalon winced, rubbing his wrist. “I won’t pretend to understand what’s going on, and I won’t promise you that we aren’t going to settle things when we get out of the Relictombs, but I’m not stupid. Just save our sister, and get us the hell out of here, alright?”
“Brother!” Ezra burst out.
“Knock it off.” Kalon’s voice was tired, but commanding. Ezra ground his teeth but said no more.
Sensing an opportune moment, Haedrig coughed and said, “Perhaps you two could go find the mirror copies of Grey and yourselves? And Riah, if there is one.”
“And what are we supposed to do if we find them?” Ezra asked, glaring down at his nose at Haedrig.
“Destroy them,” I said. “Just like Haedrig did. Don’t touch them with any part of your body. Weapons only.”
Kalon nodded and led Ezra off into the shadowy depths of the hall, his hand on his younger brother’s shoulder. This didn’t stop Ezra from turning to shoot me an icy look before he was hidden within the gloom.
Haedrig was silent as I set to questioning the false-Ada. Now that I understood the parameters of the phantom’s answers, I was able to target my questions to gain insight into the mirror room and its rules.
Any ascender who entered this place would find a mirror with their own image, just as we had. Should the ascender touch his or her own mirror, a conduit would be created that would draw the ascender’s life energy into the mirror while releasing a mirror entity—I decided to call them phantoms—to live within the ascender’s body.
It was more difficult to discover how to reverse the process, but eventually I asked the right questions.
Like the hall of faces, the mirror room required knowledge of a specific edict of aether. It was difficult to determine exactly what this ability would do, or which branch of aether it was a part of, but what I could discern was that it would allow me to reverse the effects of the mirror, freeing Ada and trapping the phantom back within the relic.
The problem was, of course, that I didn’t know any such ability.
‘You have to know something, though,’ Regis argued. ‘This place can’t have brought us here by mistake.’

Why not? I asked bitterly. I was sitting on the ground several feet from the fountain, having left Haedrig to guard over Ada while I thought. The Relictombs are old. It’s been under constant assault by Agrona and the Alacryans for who knows how long. It’s failing.
‘I guess that would explain how all these other ascenders got here. Damn. What do we do then?’
The other ascenders...
Foolishly, it hadn’t even occurred to me to wonder about their presence. Theoretically, every one of the ascenders trapped within the mirrors around us should have been an aether user to be brought to this place.
If they weren’t, it was true that we might be trapped. If they were, though...
Thinking of the imprisoned ascender who had previously tried to get me to communicate with him by touching his mirror, I jumped up and began searching the reflections. He had been near the fountain, and I found him in moments.
Kalon and Ezra had been able to hear Ada by touching her mirror, and they hadn’t been hurt. Shouldn’t I be able to do the same with this imprisoned ascender, then? I thought. Hoping I was right, I pressed my hand to the mirror, watching as his tired, lined face light up as I did so.
“Hello?” I asked. “Can you hear me?”
‘Yes, yes!’
His voice rang in my mind, much the way Regis’s did, or Sylvie’s before him. His voice was all grit and gravel, as if it hadn’t been used in decades.
‘Oh, thank you, thank you. I can’t tell you how nice it is to talk to someone—anyone!’
“I can’t imagine,” I said honestly. The thought of being trapped within this glass prison, watching ascender after ascender walk by without realizing you could see them, knowing they would likely share your fate soon...it was too awful to consider. “I’m sorry for ignoring you earlier. I didn’t know what would happen if I touched the mirror. Can I ask you some questions?”
‘Of course! My knowledge is the only thing I have left. Though’ —the reflection shuffled self-consciously—‘I would ask for something in return.’
I nodded, my hand still pressed against the cool surface of the mirror. “If your request is something I can do, I’ll do it. Go on.”
‘I ask only that—should you find a way—that you release me from this prison.’
“I’ll do what I can. Now, when you were—before you became trapped, did you know anything about aether?”
The reflection sighed and shook his head. ‘No, I had a couple of mediocre crests for ice spells. I was never a particularly good ascender, if I’m being honest. No wonder I got trapped in here, I suppose.’
Though his answer was disheartening, I forged on with my questions.
“Were you ever able to do anything that was...a little bit different? Powers that didn’t line up with your marks?”
The man looked thoughtful for a moment, then smiled and pulled a thin dagger from his belt.
‘This is an old family heirloom. When it was given to me, it looked more like a rusty nail than a blade. I took it with me on my preliminary ascent, you know, for good luck.’ He tossed the dagger into the air and caught it with a flourish. ‘Well, I was talking to this girl—one of my teammates, real pretty—and I pulled it out to show her, and, well, a sort of vibration ran down my arm and all the rust fell off the blade, and it was shining and new as the day it was forged.’
“How?” I asked, though I already had an idea of the answer.
‘Not a clue. I just figured it was something to do with the Relictombs, honestly. Anyway, it all worked out, because that pretty girl married me and...’ The reflection trailed off, his gaze traveling from the dagger to a thick ring on one finger of his left hand.
“Thank you. That’s helpful, honestly. I’ll find a way to release you, I promise.” As I walked away from the mirror, leaving the ascender’s spirit to ponder the life he’d left behind, I hoped that my promise had been true.
***
I repeated this exercise with a couple of the other more sane ascenders with similar results. Though none had been aware of possessing any aetheric abilities, they each had similar stories in which strange and unexplained things happened around them, just like the first ascender and his knife.
Knowing that those trapped here had shown at least a potential for using aether gave me hope.
‘So what do you know...that you don’t know that you know?’ Regis asked without a hint of his usual glibness.
I don’t know, I thought, sitting on the hard floor while watching the others
Kalon and Ezra had returned, having found and destroyed a mirror containing each of our images. A part of me had hoped that destroying the mirrors would release us, but then, there was still Ada’s mirror to deal with.
While Kalon had gone to sit with Ada, keeping watch over her, Ezra had taken to listening to the ascenders in the mirrors. I watched him for a while, wondering what the trapped men and women around us were telling him. Ezra avoided the more sane reflections, preferring to listen to the most wild and lost. He never said anything to them, apparently content just to share their pain and their rage.
“Ezra,” I said, getting his attention, “you shouldn’t be listening to them. They don’t have anything to give you besides anger and hate.”
When the boy ignored me, I only shook my head and turned away.
Haedrig was lying on the bench opposite Riah’s body, his green hair pulled over his face, his chest rising and falling rhythmically. His reaction to my question earlier about aether was bothering me, but I’d been too occupied to give it much thought. I was confident that if the green-haired ascender had some key piece of knowledge that would help us escape, he would have divulged it by now.
A key piece of knowledge...
My mind thundered in realization as I shot up to my feet. “The keystone!”





Chapter 292
Chapter 292: Missing Pieces
It was with a pang of regret that I sat down with the stone cube I’d received from the djinn projection during my first adventure in the Relictombs. After my early attempts at understanding the relic back in Maerin, I had spent very little time studying the geometric shapes within.
Still, my previous interaction with the keystone must have done something; the Relictombs had sensed that I had some knowledge of this edict of aether, whatever it was, and drawn us into this zone to test me. Or perhaps it sensed the cube itself, tucked away in my extradimensional storage rune, and that alone was enough to bring us here.
For being a peaceful people, the djinn seemed to have a very dark methodology in how they trained and protected their aetheric arts.
Settling myself cross legged on the floor with the cube in my lap, trusting in Regis and Haedrig to watch over me while I worked, I began.
As before, I imbued aether into the relic, and its aether reached back out to me. My vision faded into a wall of purple, and I pushed through it, finding myself once again surrounded by the countless floating and spinning geometric shapes.
Using aether, I was able to manipulate the shapes, moving and sorting them to try and make sense of their meaning. I felt like an infant playing with alphabet blocks. There was no rhyme or reason to the geometric forms, and although I could interact with them, I didn’t have any foundation for understanding, no idea what I was supposed to be doing.
Still, I had to believe the djinn wouldn’t have given me this relic if there was no way for me to solve it. I started by collecting similarly shaped symbols and organizing them into groups. Next, since they were geometric and not rune based, I looked for ways in which they fit together, treating it like an abstract puzzle.
This seemed easy at first, as there were enough shapes that I was always able to find a piece to fit. Once I had a couple dozen pieces locked together, however, I realized the problem. Before me, a sprawling, multi-directional fractal had taken shape, but I had run out of pieces that would connect to the shape I had created.
With no other choice, I broke the puzzle down and began again.
All the while, I felt my aether being drawn from me and consumed by the cube. Its sucking force wasn’t as bad in the Relictombs as it had been when I’d studied the keystone in Maerin, allowing me to stay in longer, but it still put a limit on the amount of time I could spend working on the relic in a single sitting.
I organized my pieces again, then began building the puzzle for the second time, keeping in mind which pieces I had used during my first attempt. This time, however, I found myself at a dead end even sooner, but I was too tired to restart again.
My eyes snapped open, and it took a moment for my mind to make sense of the mirror room with its constant movement and small army of reflected figures.
Regis was curled up in front of me, one eye open and tracking the others closely. Ezra and Haedrig appeared to be asleep, while Kalon watched over Ada. Her mouth had been covered to muffle the constant stream of vitriol and lies.
“How long was I out?” I asked, startling Kalon, who practically jumped up to his feet.
He cleared his throat and sat back down. “Several hours, at least. Did you do...whatever you were trying to do?”
“I made some progress,” I replied elusively. I had a feeling he wouldn’t like to hear that I didn’t have a clue what I was doing.
From his bench on the other side of the fountain, Ezra said, “It’s been hours, and all you can say is you’ve made ‘some progress’?”
The young ascender stood up, glared at me, and turned away, stomping off into the gloom.
“I’d already spent hours studying the...device before we got here,” I said, speaking to Kalon. “I don’t know how long it’s going to take, but I’m doing what I can.”
His expression stoic, Kalon asked, “Are you sure there isn’t anything we can do to help?”
“Just don’t let your brother stab me while I’m in there,” I said, raising an eyebrow.
Kalon laughed, causing the restrained and gagged Ada to snarl at him and twist within her bindings as if the sound pained her. Kalon gazed at her sadly for a moment before turning back to me. “Do what you need to do, Grey.”
I felt like a well-wrung sponge; nearly every drop of my aether had been expended. I didn’t need much sleep, but I did need time to replenish my aether core.
Standing, I ran through a series of martial movements Kordri had taught me back in Epheotus to help me get the stiffness out of my limbs. After several minutes of the routine, I sat back down beside Regis and began the process of absorbing ambient aether.
I felt my companion shifting nearby before I heard his voice in my head.
‘What’s it look like in there?’
I’m not sure how to describe it, honestly. I thought about the disparate shapes, the patterns I had designed, the walls of aetheric energy caging it all...What does it feel like when you go inside my body?
‘It’s sort of like swimming.’
I opened my eyes, breaking my meditation, and stared at Regis. The shadow wolf shrugged his shoulders.

‘You asked.’
Closing my eyes, I focused on the aether around me, on drawing it through my aether channels and into my core. Inside of that relic, it’s pure knowledge. I feel like I’m trying to understand the contents of a complicated book by burning it and breathing in the smoke.
‘Any idea how much knowledge you need to inhale to get us out of here?’
More, I thought. A lot more.
***
The third attempt to put the puzzle pieces together wasn’t exactly a charm, but I did reach an unexpected moment of understanding. Without consciously making a decision to do so, I stopped trying to use all the pieces and instead just built a large cube.
The shape was relatively straightforward, fitting together naturally in my mind. Once I’d decided what to build, it almost seemed as if the pieces presented themselves to me when they were needed.
When the cube was complete, it began to glow and shimmer like oil on water, then the lines of the individual pieces faded away until a solid, shimmering box floated in front of me. The oil-slick ripples settled and fell still, and each of the cube’s six faces lit up like an electronic screen from my previous life, showing me the hall of mirrors.
Regis was still at his place by my side. Kalon now slept while Ezra watched over his sister. Haedrig, I was surprised to see, had his hand against one of the mirrors, apparently deep in conversation with its inhabitant. Nothing they said was audible, however. In fact, no sound came from the cube at all.
I was at a loss. Though I’d clearly made some kind of breakthrough, I didn’t understand how this window to the outside world helped me, or what it revealed about the edict of aether I was attempting to master.
Leaving the cube for the moment, I began building a second, smaller box with the remaining pieces. What I ended up with, however, looked more like a sharp-edged lump of dough than a true cube, as I lacked the pieces to make it perfect.
It took three more attempts, building the shape smaller each time, to create a second perfect box. I waited, but nothing happened—no lights, no coalescence of energy, no visions of the outside world.
That’s when I had my second moment of understanding.
What if the cube—or, theoretically, any shape—represented the subconscious knowledge of some aspect of the edict of aether I was trying to learn? If I assumed that the act of this puzzle-building was metaphorical for studying the edict itself, then studying the same thought—represented by the shape I built—would not move me further toward understanding the whole.
With this in mind, I deconstructed the smaller square, but by then my aether core was near empty.
When I opened my eyes, I found things just as I had seen them projected by the screens.
“H-Haedrig,” I said, finding my voice croaky from misuse.
The ascender’s hand pulled away from the mirror whose inhabitant he had been speaking with and he quickly walked toward me.
I took a long drink from the skin of water that rested at my side, dribbling some down my chin.
“Careful with that,” Haedrig said. “We may all regret not packing as many supplies as you before we escape this place.”
“How long?”
“I’d say maybe twelve...fifteen hours since you went in.” Haedrig was watching me carefully, almost nervously.
‘Actually, it’s been thirteen hours and forty-eight minutes. Not that I’m counting or anything.’
“Wow. I’m lasting longer at least.”
“And we’re about out of food!” Ezra cut in, looking at me incredulously. “Are you hoping to just stay in there until the rest of us starve to death?”
“You should be rationing your supplies,” I snapped, but before Ezra could respond I drew my food bundle from the extra dimensional storage rune on my forearm and tossed it to him. “I can get by for a few days.” Glancing at Haedrig, I added, “Make sure that gets split up—and rationed this time.”
Ezra tossed the bundle onto the bench next to him and sat back down. “Thanks, hero.”
Haedrig took a seat next to me and drank from his own flask. When I stayed silent, he turned to me and raised a brow. “How are you doing?”
I shook my head. “I made some progress, but no epiphany yet.”
“That’s not what I meant.” Haedrig took another drink, then abruptly stopped himself before storing his flask in his dimension ring. “Look at me, not heeding my own advice.”
We sat in silence for a moment as I began replenishing my aether.

Haedrig cleared his throat. “So, aether...”
I sighed. Though I was loath to discuss it, I was also surprised it had taken so long for one of them to bring it up after I mentioned aether to the false-Ada. The best way to lie, I had decided, was to tell as much of the truth as possible.
Speaking quietly so Ezra wouldn’t overhear, I said, “This isn’t my first trip into the Relictombs, though you couldn’t call my previous visit an ascent, really.”

Haedrig seemed entirely unsurprised by this revelation, giving me a deadpan look. “Thank you for finally stating the obvious.”
“I woke up in a sanctuary room, half-dead, with no memory of how I’d got there. The first room I came to was full of these awful, zombified-chimera-things, and they almost killed me, but while I was fighting them I realized I could use a new kind of magic. Aether.”
Haedrig gestured toward Regis. “The wolf?”
“Yeah, he was the first manifestation. Then I learned that...teleportation trick I used to get us out of the last zone.” When Haedrig only nodded, I turned to meet his eye. “You seem surprisingly relaxed about all this.”
“I knew there was something different about you,” he answered with a shrug. “I could sense it. To be honest, it’s why I wanted to join you on your ascent. To see what would happen around you.”
I thought back to Alaric’s description of the Relictombs, and how it changed based on who was within it. Some ascenders, he had told me, would take every ascent with a new group, hoping to discover new and unexplored reaches of the ancient mages’ creation.
“And the djinn?”
“It’s what the ancient mages called themselves,” I answered truthfully. They were gone, thanks to the Indrath Clan, and I couldn’t see any harm in sharing the name now. “I found a...spirit, or manifestation, or something...it’s what gave me the relic.”
Haedrig shook his head and gave me a look of purest amazement. “You’ve discovered more about the Relictombs in two ascents than I have in twenty. You lucky wigeon.” His eyes fell to the relic in my lap. “Still, risky to have held onto that. The Vrita—Sovereigns would skin you alive if they knew you’d discovered a relic and not handed it over the second you were out of the Relictombs.”
“Fortunately for me,” I said, thinking about the imbecilic guards who met me at the exit portal in Maerin, “I came out in a little backwater town. They were as surprised to see me there as I was to be there.”
“Lucky wigeon,” he said again, shaking his head.
“How are things out here?” I asked after a short pause. It felt good to just...talk, and I realized I didn’t want our conversation to end so soon.
“Tense and sullen,” Haedrig answered matter-of-factly. “The boy’s near to boiling over. He’s eaten through his rations and half of what we pulled out of Riah’s dimension ring. Subjecting himself to the anger and fear from the reflections isn’t helping, but he didn’t stop even when his brother commanded him to.”
“They’re practically manifestations of his own inner turmoil,” I said, thinking about my life as Grey after Headmaster Wilbeck was murdered. I had fanned the flames of my rage in any way I could. “I guess it’s cathartic for him.”
Haedrig only grunted, and we lapsed into silence.
Casting about for a topic of conversation, I suddenly remembered Haedrig’s reaction when I had asked the false-Ada about aether earlier.
“Back on the topic of aether,” I started, somewhat unsure how to ask what I wanted to know. “Earlier, when I mentioned it...well...you seemed surprised.”
Haedrig met my eye then looked down at the ground, letting his green hair fall over his face. “You’re observant, Grey. You’ve—you’ve shown a lot of trust in me. If the wrong person found out how you’d come to that relic, you could be executed.”
There was no hint of a threat in Haedrig’s words. Instead, he sounded genuinely grateful for the trust I’d shown him; I’d told the others only that it was a device for housing knowledge, and hoped that would be enough to satisfy their curiosity for the time being.
“I’ve studied aether a bit,” he continued, “but that’s not something I can talk about often. It’s not a...polite topic of conversation in most circles, and my family doesn’t approve. In fact,” he added with a bitter laugh, “my family doesn’t really approve of anything I do. They expect me to sit at home like a good little—”
Haedrig cut himself off and shot me an embarrassed glance. “Sorry, family is a bit of a sore subject for me.”
“I can empathize,” I said with a sad smile. “No matter how hard we try, we can’t be perfect sons.”
“No, we cannot,” Haedrig replied, somewhat bitterly. “Perhaps my birth parents would have thought differently, but I wasn’t raised by my own blood. The house that brought me up—well—they do not appreciate my aspirations as an ascender.”
“But ascenders are so highly regarded in”—I stopped myself from saying “Alacrya,” instead fumbling for a moment before finishing—“in most families.”
“Oh, don’t get me wrong; my adopted blood is very eager to establish renown as both soldiers in the war against Dicathen and as ascenders, whether through blood or patronage. But I wasn’t meant for this life...at least, not according to them.”
Before I could say more, Headrig stood and straightened his armor. “I’m sorry, Grey, but I think I’d like some time alone with my thoughts. I’ll leave you to your meditation.” After a moment’s pause, he added, “Thank you for listening,” then walked away.
‘I didn’t think it was even possible, but that guy seems to have as many secrets as you,’ Regis said with a chortle. The shadow wolf was curled up between me and Ezra, his eyes closed, though clearly he had been paying close attention.

You think he’s another Dicathian stranded in Alacrya and hiding his identity to avoid being hunted down by the Vritra? I grinned and pushed at Regis’s backside with my boot.
‘No, you fool, but he’s definitely not telling us everything.’
You may be right. Still, I can’t help but trust him. I hadn’t realized it until that moment, but it was true. Despite myself, despite our short accaintence, I trusted Haedrig to watch my back. I couldn’t say the same from the Granbehl brothers.
‘Whatever. Trust away, but if he does anything weird I’ll still bite his arm off.’
Smiling and shaking my head, I went back to my mediation, preparing myself for yet another attempt at the keystone.
***
When I pushed through the purple wall surrounding the field of geometric shapes, I found the cuboid screen still intact. Within it, I watched Haedrig walk down the shadowy hall, his eyes down, his expression thoughtful.
My perspective shifted, focusing instead on Ezra as he stood up and walked toward me. Regis immediately abandoned his pretense of being asleep, lifting his head and gazing at Ezra. The young ascender stopped, met the shadow wolf’s eyes for several seconds, then turned to walk away, though he stayed close enough to keep an eye on Ada.
I forced my consciousness away from the screen, focusing instead on the remaining shapes. I already knew that creating another cube served no purpose, so I began building the first thing that came to mind: a pyramid.
It was more difficult than the cube. The pieces didn’t seem to fit together correctly. They didn’t jump out at me like they had before, guiding me, and so I found myself dismantling and rebuilding the shape again and again. By the time my aether core was empty, I still hadn’t discovered the right pieces to complete a satisfactory pyramid.
Still, once my mind was set on it, I felt compelled to see it through. I knew instinctively there had to be a way to combine the shapes and figures into the image in my mind, and the next time I entered the keystone, I tried again.
But it wasn’t until my third day—my trips into the keystone were lasting nearly sixteen hours by this point, with the remaining time dedicated to replenishing my aether and getting a little sleep—that I succeeded in forging a perfect tetrahedral pyramid.
As before, the pieces shimmered and formed a solid shape, and when the glow receded, each of the pyramid’s faces showed an image, just like the cube. Each image was of the mirror room, but there was something very wrong with what I was seeing.
In the first picture, I could see myself sitting cross-legged on the floor with the keystone in my lap, Regis sitting in front of me, and Kalon watching over Ada. The strangest sense of deja vu washed over me, and I realized that this had been the moment I had first seen in the cuboid display when I had completed it.
What in the world?
In the second image, the mirror room was empty except for the dozens of imprisoned ascenders. Then an opalescent portal appeared hanging in mid air, and I stepped out.
Despite being in a room full of mirrors for the last few days, I hadn’t spent much time looking at myself since my body had been rebuilt. It was strange to think that the man in the image flinching and preparing to defend himself was me.
My pale wheat hair whipped around when I turned toward the reflections moving in the mirror, thinking I was going to get attacked. My golden eyes narrowed as I glared around the room, then widened in surprise at what they saw.
“Who—who are they?” I heard myself ask.
Then Kalon and Ezra appeared, bumping into me. “What the hell?”
I was seeing the past, I realized, as if it had been captured by a recording artifact. The cuboid shape showed me the present. In the faces of the pyramid, I could watch the past play back like a home video.
Using aether, I spun the pyramid around to better see the third and forth sides. The mirror rooms shown by those facets were empty of people, but when I looked closely I realized more of the mirrors were empty in these visions.
They must be older than the others, I thought, which made sense when I considered the two different sides showing me and my party.
If the first shape shows the present, and the second shape shows the past...
My heart beat rapidly as I considered the third shape. Was it possible?
My attention was drawn back to the cube. Haedrig sat next to Regis, his fingers running through the shadow wolf’s thick mane. Regis’s eyes were closed, his tongue lolling from the side of his mouth—the very picture of a satisfied pet enjoying a good scratch.
Traitor, I thought, smiling.
Behind them Kalon was sitting with Ada, his head in his hands, and Ezra was standing before one of the mirrors, his hand pressed against it.
I let out a sigh. Fool. The boy was only torturing himself by interacting with those spirits. They had nothing to share but their madness and hatred. Listening to them would only drive him to darkness and despair.
Turning back to the images visible on the sides of the pyramid, I watched as our time in the mirror room played out again. I found it difficult to turn away, watching for the second time as Ada was taken by the phantom.
The false-Ada skittered across the room unseen, distracted as we all were, and crawled up on top of Riah. Riah seemed unconscious, but she still flinched away when Ada leaned down, then pressed her lips against Riah’s.
Riah convulsed, one sharp, unnatural jerk, then fell still, pale as a ghost.
The phantom had somehow drawn the lifeforce directly out of Riah, killing her instantly. I had assumed it was some kind of aetheric being, like most of the monsters in the Relictombs, but I hadn’t seen anything as powerful or deadly as this.
In front of me, the false-Ada, now restrained, snapped forward, almost biting Kalon. No, not biting—almost kissing Kalon. We’d had no idea how close to death he had been in that moment.
I shook away the thoughts spiraling in my mind. Reliving these past moments was a trap, like living life in a circle.
I needed to start building the next shape...and I knew exactly what it needed to be.





Chapter 293
Chapter 293: Devil’s Deal
If the pyramid was difficult to piece together, the last shape proved nearly impossible. It wasn’t as simple as a flat circle, of course, but thinking of life as a circle had led me to the shape I was now trying to construct.
During my life as King Grey, I had studied a wide variety of subjects, including symbology. The “regular polyhedra” were an oft discussed topic in such studies, as the ancient philosophers of my previous world had spent a lot of time discussing their existence and meaning.
Which is why I found myself trying over and over to build a perfect regular dodecahedron from hundreds of irregular puzzle pieces. The dodecahedron represented a fifth element, the binding that held the universe together, and it was considered the mediation between finite and infinite.
I couldn’t think of any better geometric symbol to represent the future.
It was just too bad that I couldn’t figure out how to make the damn thing.
I’d lost track of how long we’d been in the mirror room. Our meager rations had run out days ago, even though I hardly ate any of my own and the others rationed carefully. If it wasn’t for the water I’d brought, Kalon, Ezra, and Haedrig would have been out of that too, since drinking the salty fountain water would’ve caused them to die of dehydration even faster.
On the bright side, the phantom in Ada’s body seemed to sustain itself, requiring no food or water. Though I worried about the condition of her body when we found a way to return her to it, for now she seemed to be holding up fine.
My eyes fluttered open as I left the realm within the keystone after yet another fruitless attempt to solve the spherical puzzle. I was met with the sound of shouting.
“—just wait around anymore! We have to try it. For all we know, Grey is just waiting for us to die! After all, that freak doesn’t need food or water like we do—”
“—have no idea what will happen if you do what he’s asking—”
“—least we’d be doing something, rather than just sitting around waiting to die—”
“—a trap, making things even worse!”
Kalon and Ezra were standing nearly chest to chest, yelling into each other’s faces. Ezra looked diminished somehow. He had lost a few pounds from lack of food, but there was something else. He had shrunk in on himself, losing his bravado as he withered away into someone weak and scared.
Haedrig was lying on one of the benches, apparently doing his best to stay out of the family conflict.
I sighed and got up.
Regis, noticing my movement, said, ‘They’ve been going at it like this for about ten minutes. The kid’s been talking to one of the reflections and thinks it can help us get out of here.’
What the hell does he think I’m trying to do?
Taking a deep breath, I stepped into the siblings’ argument. “Both of you, take a step back and let’s talk about this.”
Ezra looked at me with purest loathing, practically spitting the words, “Oh, fuck you!”
I repressed the growing desire to cuff him like the brat that he was, but held back. I knew it would just make things worse.
“I’ll handle this,” Kalon said, his tone uncharacteristically brusque.
I raised my hands in a gesture of peace. “I’d like to hear what Ezra has to say.”
Ezra looked at me warily, clearly not sure whether to believe me or not. His eagerness for action won out, however, and he shouldered past his brother and walked toward one of the mirrors, his heavy boots thunking dully on the stone floor.
“Here,” he said, gesturing for me to look at the mirror, which contained the ascender with the tall onyx horns on his helmet. The man stood straight with his arms crossed, just as he had when we entered. “This is Mythelias, once an ascender. He knows how to escape this place.”
I inspected the reflection again, taking in the little details. He was about my height, though thinner, and he held himself like a soldier as he stared back at me seriously. His skin was incredibly pale, making his coal-black eyes stand out like empty voids in his sharp face. A single lock of grey hair had escaped his helmet, hanging down the side of his cheek.
The black leather-and-plate armor looked light and flexible—the armor of a skirmisher. It seemed likely that it was magical; the shining jet runes inlaid in the steel plates weren’t just decorative. The helm was particularly impressive. The long onyx horns extended over two feet from the top of the helmet, making him look even taller and thinner than he already was.
My eyes caught on something. A small detail, just the curved edge that outlined the horns. It wasn’t a joint, fastening the horn to the helm; it was a hole, allowing the horns to pass through the helm.

The man was a Vritra, or at least of Vritra blood.
“What exactly is Mythelias’s plan?” I asked, not immediately pointing out my discovery to the others. It probably wouldn’t mean the same thing to them, anyway.
Something in my tone must have given away my incredulity about whatever this plan was, because Ezra gave me another wary look again before continuing. “He says he knows how to use aether, and he also knows how he can escape the mirror. He’s seen it done.”
The young ascender hesitated, so I pressed him to go on.
“He—he said that the spirits from the mirror can inhabit bodies. Dead bodies.” Ezra glanced down the hall, to where Riah’s remains now lay. We’d been forced to relocate her away from the bench after the first few days due to the smell.
Kalon, who had been standing behind Ezra, listening and looking thunderous, said, “There is no way in hell we’re giving Riah’s body to this liar.”
“And how,” I said loudly, cutting their argument off before it could begin again, “does getting this ascender out of his mirror help us leave the zone?”
Glaring at his brother like he wanted nothing more than to stab him, Ezra said, “He knows how to use aether. He can’t tell me how to escape, but he can show us if we set him free.”
“He’s lying, of course,” Haedrig said suddenly, not bothering to get up from his bench. “I’ve spoken to some of the trapped souls here as well, and they’ve promised me all kinds of things if only I’d help them escape.”
Ezra turned on him, snarling like a cornered woadcat. “He’s Vritra-blooded! One of the Sovereigns’ own. Who the hell are you to question his honor?”
Haedrig rolled his eyes, but Kalon started, now looking unsure. His gaze drifted to the mirror, taking in the horns, the man’s features, then shaking his head. “We can’t be sure, brother.”
Ezra looked his brother in the eye and spit at his feet before shouldering past him. “I don’t care what any of you say, I’m doing this.”
Kalon snapped. The elder Granbehl sibling grabbed his brother from behind, pulling him into a chokehold and then slamming him to the ground. The false Ada cackled through her gag, her eyes wide and ecstatic as she watched the scuffle.
Suddenly Ezra’s crimson spear was in his hand, but he didn’t have any room to use it, and Haedrig was quick to roll off the bench and kick the weapon out of his hand. It spun away into the shadows with a clatter.
“Get off me you coward!” Ezra roared, slamming his elbows backwards into his brother’s stomach.
Ada was flailing so wildly that the gag slipped from her mouth and she began shouting, egging the brothers on. “Knife him! Kill him! Kill him!”
With a heavy sigh, I stepped forward to replace the gag. Regis stood at attention behind me, practically quivering with eagerness to get involved.
Deal with this, I instructed him.
My companion lept forward and his jaws were at Ezra’s throat in an instant. The boy quit struggling, and both Ezra and Kalon lay on the ground panting.
I let the moment linger, wanting Regis’s fangs to leave an impression on the boy.
We had passed a point of no return. Now that our internal strife had devolved into violence, trust was broken. I couldn’t simply let Ezra stand up and go back about his business, but I didn’t like to consider the alternative.
Making a decision, I mentally ordered Regis to let him go and gestured for Kalon to disentangle himself from his brother. Ezra stayed where he was, staring up at me wild-eyed and red-faced.
Kneeling down next to him, I spoke in a low, cold voice, injecting it with as much self-assuredness and authority as I could: “I understand how you feel right now. You may not believe me, but I do. However, I can’t accept your aggressive actions or your insubordinate attitude.
“Listen carefully, because I’m only saying this once. From this point forward, if you don’t follow orders, if you attack me or anyone else in this group, if you try to pursue this senseless plan of yours against my wishes, I will kill you. I will—without hesitation—throw you into the void.”
I met Kalon’s eyes, and I could see the tumult of emotions warring within them: protectiveness over his brother, anger at Ezra’s behavior, and his own fierce grip on what little remaining hope he felt.
“And if your brother tries to stop me, I’ll throw him in too. Understood?”
The Granbehls stared at me, fearful and angry, but I could tell they believed me. Kalon nodded, then nudged his brother in the shoulder with the toe of his boot.
Ezra scoffed. “Understood.”
I walked off without another word. Regis started to follow me, but I stopped him.
Stay with Ezra. Watch him and don’t hesitate to take him down if he tries anything.

‘Aye aye, captain,’ Regis said, eager to have a task to commit himself to after long days of boredom watching me sit with the keystone.
Five minutes later, I was deep in the gloom, far down the hallway from the fountain. It was strange. No matter how far I walked down that hall, I always seemed to be only a few steps away from the fountain. It was like the aether trap that protected the djinn’s underground city back in Dicathen, where—hopefully—my family was still sheltered.
All my life—my second life, that is—I’d been surrounded by artifacts of the djinn: Xyrus, the castle, the teleportation network...upon my reincarnation, I had accepted it all as normal, never thinking to question the ancient mages’ accomplishments or make any effort to learn more about them.

Was that what was holding me back now? The ways in which the djinn passed down their knowledge were much more complex than textbooks and tutors. Even when threatened with extermination, they had not been able to teach the Indrath Clan their secrets, because the dragons weren’t capable of learning the way the djinn did.
I had exhausted the capabilities of my current method. It was hard to admit but, without a fresh perspective, I wouldn’t be able to learn what the keystone was trying to teach me.
Putting into practice a mental practice I’d learned as King Grey, I began to categorize everything I knew about the djinn and aether. I thought through every lesson from Lady Myre, Sylvie, and Elder Rinia. I relived my battles with the retainers and Scythes, as well as the aether beasts within the Relictombs. I let Sylvia’s message replay in my mind and recalled the words of the djinn projection.
The problem was, I just didn’t know enough about relics or how the djinn had used them. Though I’d learned a lot since waking up in the Relictombs, my exposure to relics themselves was entirely limited to my time spent in the keystone, and I had the dead relic sitting half forgotten in my storage rune.
I withdrew the dead relic I’d won in Maerin and began inspecting the dark, unimpressive stone, but only a moment later my attention was drawn to the sound of footsteps echoing along the hall, moving toward me.
I looked up to see Haedrig approaching, both his steady gait and poise expressing a refined sense of grace despite his haggard cracked lips and sunken cheeks. Remembering how valuable even a dead relic was for Alacryans, I quickly hid the lumpy stone away.
“I didn’t think you’d be the type of person to carry around a dead relic,” the green-haired ascender said as he raised a brow, a hint of judgement in his voice. “Is that a blood heirloom or something you use to charm materialistic nobles?”
I rolled my eyes. “Yes. This is what I use to seduce all of the attractive women I come across.”
“Assuming that your physical appearance isn’t enough?” he added with a soft chuckle.
“Are you complimenting me or judging me? I can’t quite tell,” I said, unsure whether I was amused or annoyed by his interruption.
Haedrig took a seat a few feet away from me, appearing uninterested in the supposedly rare and expensive ancient artifact that I held in my hand.
“I’ll admit that, objectively, your facial features can draw some attention. But I wouldn’t necessarily call it a good thing,” he noted before clearing his throat. “Anyway, things turned rather tense earlier.”
I rubbed the back of my neck, looking away from Haedrig. “I—”
“You were right, though. I think you handled it well.” Haedrig reached out, hesitated, then patted my shoulder. “Anyway, it seems that I’m interrupting. My apologies.”
I shook my head. “It’s okay. I needed the distraction.”
“Ezra would probably disagree,” Haedrig responded as he got back up to his feet, the corner of his lips curving into a smile. “Good luck, Grey.”
Letting out a chuckle, I focused my attention back on the dead relic in my hand. Except for the purple haze of aether surrounding it, the stone was bland and uninteresting. It was the type of rock a child might thoughtlessly kick out of the road.
I pushed aether into the dead relic, the same way I interacted with the keystone, but nothing happened. Next I tried to draw the aether out of it, but stopped immediately. I could tell there was very little aether still contained within the dead relic, and I didn’t want to blindly destroy it for such a paltry amount of aetheric energy.
Letting out a sigh, I took a glance at Haedrig, who was seated back on the bench beside the fountain in a meditative state.
With a flick of my wrist, I tossed the relic into the air, watched it arc up until it nearly touched the low ceiling, then snatched it out of the air as it came back down.
With no more straws to grasp at, I slipped the relic into my pocket, closed my eyes, and began replenishing my aether yet again.
***
As I next pushed through the purple wall into the realm within the keystone once more, I could immediately sense that something had changed. The previously completed shapes were still there, displaying the present and past within the mirror room. The remaining geometric shapes—my puzzle pieces—had drifted apart in my absence, as they always did.
It wasn’t something I could see, but there was a static charge, a sort of latent energy suffusing the atmosphere.
Quickly, I gathered and sorted the pieces, hoping the sensation I felt was some sort of unconscious understanding achieved by my efforts to revisit my own knowledge of aether. Yet when I had the pieces in front of me, I felt no new insight into the edict.
Like when I followed the aetheric vibrations that allowed me to step through space, I let my mind unfocus and drift along in the wake of the electric hum. It seemed to fill the space, to fill my whole mind, but there was one small, unassuming spot where it was clearer, more present.

Using aether like a pair of forceps, I reached into that node and pulled something through.
The dead relic.
Stunned, I watched as the unexceptional rock drifted through the air, just like the other shapes I’d found in here. Instinctively, I pushed aether into it, as I had tried while sitting in the dark in the hall of mirrors.
The dull, rough surface of the stone shattered as if it’d been struck with a hammer, revealing a blazing diamond burning with white light. The diamond dissolved as it spread its radiance across the keystone realm. Wherever the light touched, I felt the dull ache of sudden growth, as if my mind were expanding to contain it.
The field of geometric shapes seemed to absorb the light, glowing white hot themselves, and suddenly I understood. Just like when I was building the cube that became the window into the present, the pieces practically presented themselves to me, and I quickly began placing them together.
In my excitement and the euphoric rush of understanding, I nearly missed it. An alarm bell rang in my mind, and my focus turned toward the cube.
The mirror room was in chaos.
Kalon was struggling to fend off Ada, who was free of her bindings. She clawed and bit at him with furious, barbaric strength, but he moved as if afraid to injure her.
Haedrig was crawling out of the fountain, moving slowly as if dazed. A trickle of blood from his ear diffused into the water and stained his cheek and neck red.
The mirrors nearest Haedrig and the fountain were nearly all shattered, now revealing only the void beyond.
Ezra was running along the hall, dragging Riah’s dead body behind him.
Regis was nowhere to be seen.
Abandoning all thought of finishing the dodecahedron now, I tried to open my eyes, to leave the keystone realm, but I couldn’t. Whenever I approached the smoky purple barrier, my consciousness flicked back to the incomplete puzzle floating expectantly amidst the field of geometric pieces waiting to be placed.
Damn it!
Across all the faces of the cube, Haedrig had rolled clumsily out of the fountain and was on his feet, stumbling toward Ezra. The young ascender pulled back his arm as if to hurl his spear at the green-haired ascender, and Haedrig threw himself to the ground, but it was a feint.
The ruse gave Ezra the time he needed to drag Riah’s body the rest of the way to the horned ascender’s mirror. My stomach dropped as I watched him yank the corpse around and press the dead hand to the mirror’s cold surface.
Frantically, I began placing the puzzle pieces again, moving as quickly as my aetheric manipulation would allow. At the same time, I kept one eye on the battle happening outside of the keystone.
In the mirror, the Vritra-blooded ascender was grinning malevolently. And then he was gone, and purple mist was oozing out of the mirror and flowing into Riah, just like when Ada had touched her own mirror.
Riah’s eyes shuttered open and two black voids stared up at Ezra. With one hand, the boy was warding off Haedrig with his spear, and with the other he reached down to offer his hand to Riah. When she took it, Ezra flinched, practically jerking away from her, but Riah’s puffy, dead hand tightened around his until it looked as if his bones had cracked.
Haedrig dashed forward, grabbing the spear and shoving it back and up, cracking Ezra under the chin with the shaft and knocking him backwards over Riah’s body. There was an explosion of energy from Ezra that pushed Haedrig away and shattered several nearby mirrors.
All three forms lay prone on the stone floor for a moment. Riah, or Mythelias in her body, was the first to move. As he rolled over and began to push himself up, the flesh around the severed stump of a leg began to bubble and grow, forming a black, gangrenous club of a foot.
Next to him, Ezra began to convulse with pain. Spreading from his hand, black boils were growing on his flesh, the skin around them turning gray. His face was twisted into a tortured, terrified scream as the pestilent growths rapidly subsumed his body...until nothing was left but a twisted, Ezra-shaped lump.
And still, despite the chaos, Regis was nowhere to be found.
While all this was happening, I had been working feverishly to finish the dodecahedron, unsure exactly what would happen when it was complete. I knew I couldn’t leave until I’d finished the puzzle; I only hoped I would be in time for the others.
Suddenly Kalon flew past Haedrig, his spear blazing ahead of him.
Rolling away from the attack, Mythelias came up to his feet with Ezra’s spear in hand, and immediately became a storm of cuts and strikes that forced Kalon to fall back into a defensive stance. Even then he seemed barely able to avoid the lightning-quick assault.
Mythelias kept pressing Kalon, but this put Haedrig at his back. Whether he had lost track of the green-haired ascender or discounted Haedrig’s ability, Mythelias was focused entirely on the last of the Granbehls when Haedrig struck.
The thin blade punched through Mythelias’s back, just to the left of his spine, then ripped outward through his side, half-severing his torso just below his ribs and leaving a horrific, gaping wound. Before I could so much as cheer, however, the flesh began to boil again, and a hard black scar formed over the gash.
Spinning, Mythelias cut at Haedrig’s ankles with the edge of the spear-blade, then let the spear’s momentum carry it around his body, lining it up for a thrust to the heart that Haedrig just barely parried.
Within the keystone realm, the last pieces of the dodecahedron were slowly falling into place, but I was distracted by the scene playing out on one face of the pyramid, which showed the recent past. It seemed to be catching up to the present, and was now showing what had happened only moments ago.
In it, Ezra was pacing up and down the hall, Regis prowling behind him like a murderous shadow. The boy had a nervous furtive look about him: his hands were jittery and he kept glancing around like he expected to be attacked at any moment.
Haedrig was sitting on the edge of the fountain, his feet in the salt water. Kalon was checking the bindings on the false-Ada, something we had to do frequently to keep the phantom from injuring Ada’s body.
As Ezra approached the fountain, his nervousness cemented into a look of dark determination. He suddenly took a sharp step to the side and activated his crest.
My heart hammered as an explosion pushed out from him, slamming Haedrig across the water and head first into the edge of the fountain. Kalon was tossed backwards so I couldn’t see him any more, and even Ada was jerked violently in her bindings.
The mirrors around Ezra shattered, and, to my horror, Regis was thrown through an open frame, disappearing into the emptiness on the other side.





Chapter 294
Chapter 294: The Faintest Hope
No, I thought, my heart pounding in my throat. That’s not possible.
The explosion had broken the closest benches and wrenched Ada hard enough to loosen her bindings, and she was quick to rip free of the rope.
My focus was drawn back to the dodecahedron as the last piece fit into place. Like before, it shimmered and glowed, the outlines of the individual pieces I’d used to complete the puzzle fading away and forming a solid shape.
In the present, Haedrig and Kalon had fallen into a rhythm, working together to keep Mythelias on the defensive, but any time they scored a hit, the wound instantly sealed over.
Half of Riah’s corpse was now covered with scabrous growths, but neither Haedrig nor Kalon had escaped injury themselves. Kalon was bleeding badly from a cut on his leg, and Haedrig appeared to have taken the butt of the spear to his cheek, which was swollen and already changing color.
Finally, the opalescent shimmering on the faces of the dodecahedron smoothed out and stopped moving, and each face displayed a different moving picture.
In one, the hall of mirrors had been obliterated. The entire end of the hall had been burned away, its blackened edges opening directly into the void. Every mirror was shattered, and most of the frames had been incinerated. There was no sign of life in the room.
In another face of the dodecahedron, I saw myself standing with Haedrig and Ada, who was crying furiously as we pushed Ezra’s remains through an empty mirror frame and out into the void.
The hall was scorched and blasted, the fountain empty, many of the mirrors broken, but it was overall intact.
Haedrig pulled the girl into a tender hug, but I turned and walked away.
My eyes were drawn to a third image. Mythelias, in Riah’s corpse, was stalking across the hall of mirrors toward me. Behind him, Kalon and Haedrig had been entirely subsumed by the dark boils; they were clearly dead.
Ada lay unconscious near me. Mythelias leaned down over her and pressed one blackened hand to her cheek. I turned away, pushing the dodecahedron with aether so it spun, removing the awful image from my line of sight.
The revolving dodecahedron brought different images into sight. Some were variations on what I’d already seen, but one in particular caught my eye.
In it, I saw myself activating a god rune that glowed golden through my clothes. Purple motes of aether spun and swirled through the room like dandelion seeds, and everything they touched glowed with aetheric energy.
I watched, awed, as the mirrors mended before my eyes and the pieces of the fountain flew back together as if time was being rewinded, the smoke and steam from the air literally coalescing to reform stone and water.
When the purple motes landed on Ezra, the boils began to shrink, receding until they faded away entirely. The young ascender gasped and his eyes flew open. He was alive.

Just before the glass of the shattered mirror through which Kalon had been hurled snapped back into place, Kalon himself drifted through it, settling gently onto the ground in the hall of mirrors. The wounds he’d sustained from his battle with Mythelias closed; even the damage to his clothes and armor was reversed.
The terrified, heartbroken image of Ada in her mirror dissolved into pinkish smoke, which flowed out of the mirror, then moved purposefully across the hall until it found her unconscious body, returning her to herself.
Where the floor of the hall was most blasted and burned, ash began to swirl, creating a miniature cyclone. As the ash condensed, a form began to take shape.
Riah’s body, still missing one foot, hung in the air like a rag doll, lifeless and somehow incomplete. Then the gnawed flesh of her foot began to regrow, healing before my eyes. When her eyelids fluttered open, she stared around the now pristine hall with confusion and fear before drifting down to the ground where she was met with a running hug from Ada.
Though the visions of the past and present had suggested the possibility that the third puzzle might show visions of the future, I hadn’t dared to hope such a thing might be possible, yet there I was, watching events that hadn’t happened yet.
Each face of the dodecahedron seemed to show a different potential future, some showing our other failure, true, but there was at least a chance we could defeat the Vritra-blooded ascender and escape the hall of mirrors.
Still, fear bubbled in my gut at what I had seen, or not seen; Regis was nowhere to be found in any of the futures I could see, even the one where I was somehow able to bring back the dead.
What is this power? I wondered, still watching the potential futures play across the faces of the dodecahedron. It seemed too incredible to be possible. Was it an aspect of Life, of vivum? A way to bring the dead back to life?
No, I thought, it seemed more like aevum, an aspect of Time. It was like the aether was turning back the clock on whatever it touched, undoing the damage done to glass, stone, and flesh alike.
Excitement surged within me. This was it! This was the power I needed to defeat Agrona and end the war with Alacrya. Not only that, but I could undo the damage Agrona had done. I could save everyone: Buhnd, Cynthia, Adam, Sylvia...my father.
I could bring them all back!
As the dodecahedron revolved around, the panel in which Haedrig, Ada, and I stood alone in the wreckage of the hall came back into view. In that version of the future, I began using aether on any mirrors that were still intact and had an ascender trapped within.
Like in the other vision, the cracks and chips in the mirrors began to disappear as if mending themselves. Then, one by one, the ascenders faded away. When they had all been released from their prisons, the light within the room shifted subtly, taking on a warmer tone, and a portal appeared within one of the empty frames.
In that version of the future, however, the others remained dead.
Why? I wondered fearfully. What is the difference between these two visions of the future? What do I need to do?
Then the images of past, present, and future faded away, and the three shapes I had constructed within the keystone realm began to dissolve into streams of purple sand that eddied around me on gusts of wind I couldn’t feel. Soon I was looking out through the eye of an aetheric tornado, and the scouring wind and rough sand were scraping across all the layers of my mind.
It’s too soon! I thought, panic taking hold of me. I don’t understand yet!
The pain and pressure built and kept building until I was sure the storm would tear my mind apart, rip my consciousness from my body, and cast it into the void...

Then it was gone. In place of the raw, tearing pain I felt a sense of freshness and calm, like I’d just stepped out of a cool shower on a hot summer’s day.
I opened my eyes. My mental cleansing had been so complete that for just a moment I forgot what was happening around me.

‘Arthur!’
It took a moment for Regis’s voice to sink through my foggy confusion. Was it coming from the past, present, or future? I felt as though time itself was meaningless, and wondered vaguely if this was how the trapped ascenders felt within their mirrors.
The trapped ascenders...The thought nagged at me. I had seen them in the vision of the future...or was that the present now? And then there was the Vritra-blooded ascender, Mythelias...He had escaped—or he would escape? I couldn’t tell the difference.
The room shook as, across the fountain from me, Kalon released his voltaic energy spell, the arcing energy striking Mythelias from several angles at once, nearly burning Riah’s body to a cinder and imprinting jagged, fiery afterimages into my retina.
I blinked rapidly, a creeping feeling that I should be doing something clawing through the confusion.
Kalon leapt at Mythelias, attempting to use the aftermath of his catastrophic attack to drive his burning spear down into the Vritra-blooded ascender’s heart. At the same moment, Haedrig cut low, aiming to take Mythelias’s leg off at the knee.
He was ready for them.
The flesh around his knee bubbled outward then hardened, trapping Haedrig’s sword in a knot of gnarled black tissue. In Mythelias’s hands, Ezra’s spear swung with the force of a battering ram, catching Kalon in the air and batting him aside like a bug.
A jolt of adrenaline hit me like a lightning bolt as I watched Kalon fly sideways, strike the frame of one of the mirrors, and spin out into the void. He was gone.
Riah’s face sneered at Haedrig. “As if you lesser scum could truly fight back against me.” The words slithered out between her stiff, blackened lips, sounding entirely unlike Riah. “You can’t even understand the honor I give you. In my time, only the greatest warriors died by my hand...”
‘Arthur!’ Regis screamed again in my head. He was inside me, I realized. I could feel his debilitated presence, his mind, his wild panic. And I could feel the Destruction rune raging like a wildfire, begging to be unleashed and burning away the last of my confusion and uncertainty.
Before me, Mythelias casually reached down toward Haedrig, who tried to throw himself backwards but slipped in blood and hit the ground with a grunt. To his credit, the veteran ascender seemed calm even in the face of certain death.
As the bloated, puffy white fingers reached toward my friend, I raised my own hand and summoned the violet flame. Mythelias’s head snapped around as he sensed my power, and with astonishing speed he cocked the spear back and launched it like a missile aimed straight at my throat.
The spear seemed to slow until it looked as if it were hanging suspended in the air. Riah’s dead face was twisted into a hateful snarl, as still as a painting. Haedrig lay on his back at Mythelias’s feet, one arm up to ward off the blow that had been diverted toward me.
Without meaning to look for them, I saw the network of aetheric vibrations between Mythelias and me; all I had to do was focus on them and activate my rune, and I was able to pass through the vibrations with God Step, appearing between Haedrig and Mythelias, the power of Destruction still held in my hand.

The world lurched into motion again, and I watched as the spear flew into the distance. Mythelias’s eyes widened in surprise, still focused on where I had been just a moment ago, before twisting around with the speed of a razor grimalkin, his hand thrusting toward me like the tip of a poisoned dagger.
But it wasn’t fast enough.
“Burn,” I commanded, and the hungry flames leapt from my fist in a fan of pure violet destruction fueled by my aether.
Destruction engulfed Riah’s body, flinging Mythelias screaming onto his back. He rolled and beat at the flames, and his power caused a hard, black shell to start forming all around the body.
Even as he burned, he screamed out, “I am the Mythelias Dresdium—son of the Sovereigns—and I—refuse—to—”
“Die,” I said coldly.
The purple fire consumed the scabrous black lumps and the pale dead flesh alike, destroying the body faster than Mythelias’s ability could regenerate it.
As I watched the body of the kind girl—the girl who brought sweets on an ascent instead of rations—disintegrate, I felt only the flush of power, the knowledge that, with Destruction at my command, I could defeat anything. Even Agrona wouldn’t be able to fight back against this kind of raw destructive force.
Destruction fed until not even ash remained, but when Riah’s body was gone, Destruction remained. I felt the power pull at me, eager for more.
I clenched my fists and ground my teeth as I tried to snuff out the remaining flames, which had spread to the stone floor and were quickly eating through it, along with most of my aether reserves.
A gout of the violet fire erupted from my right hand, boiling away the water within the fountain and setting two of the broken benches aflame. All around me, purple embers floated through the air, and anything they touched caught fire.
It was beautiful.
Then a spark landed on Haedrig’s leg.
He would burn, I knew, like everything else. Kalon, Ezra, Riah, Ada...Haedrig. They were all collateral damage, but their lives had been the price I had to pay to make it this far.
No! That was wrong, I knew. That’s Destruction talking, not me!
I saw again the future I’d witnessed in the dodecahedron: the hall of mirrors destroyed, nothing but ash remaining of my companions. That was what would happen if I couldn’t control Destruction. In the end, it would consume everything. Even me.
Feeling control slipping away from me, knowing that Haedrig would be incinerated in moments if I didn’t do something, I shouted for Regis.
We have to exhaust our aether reserves. All of it! Gauntlet Form! Now!
Regis didn’t hesitate. When he was in my right hand, I held it out, pointing through one of the many broken mirrors and away from Haedrig, who was shouting my name, pleading for help.
With Regis in my hand to draw my aether, I turned Destruction in that direction and pushed. Purple fire boiled out of me like an inferno, spilling out into the darkness where there was nothing for it to consume.
More and more of the destructive energy streamed from me. I burned it all, every last breath of aether in my body. And when I was as dry and empty as a sun bleached skull, the last of the fire flickered and died, no longer able to draw from Regis’s rune.
My head whipped around, but I let out a sigh of relief when I saw Haedrig back on his feet, his armor scorched but otherwise looking unburned.
Then my knees buckled, and the world went dark.





Chapter 295
A piercing pain that spread throughout my body wrenched me out of my sleep . I couldn’t even muster a groan as my eyes pried open .
It was only as I stared at the scorched remains of the long, squat hallway that memories of what had happened flashed before me: Riah being possessed by the Vritra-blooded ascender, Ezra’s death, Kalon falling into the void, my use of Destruction to kill the ascender, and the violet flames spreading onto Haedrig .
Haedrig! I tensed as I thought of the green-haired ascender, causing the organ-rending pain to flare in me once more .
‘The first thing you do when you wake up is worry about some random ascender you met a few days ago and not your beloved companion?’ a familiar voice said in my mind, albeit a bit higher in tone than normal . ‘I see how it is . ’
Regis! What happened?
‘I’ll tell you what happened!’ Regis snapped, his almost child-like voice laced with frustration .
A black shadow emerged from my sternum to reveal my shadowy companion...kind of .
“Look at me!” Regis barked, floating a few feet above me . The once formidable shadowy wolf, who had been large enough for a grown man to easily ride, was now, for lack of a better word, a puppy . He still had his wolven features, from a shadowy tail to four black paws and two horns on his head, but he was now only about the size of my head .
“I see you...lost some weight,” I rasped, wincing in pain .
“Hur hur,” Regis mocked, glaring at me . “I would’ve slapped you already if I had the upper body strength to do so . ”
“Did this”—I waved my hand in his direction, indicating his diminutive form—“happen because we had to exhaust all of our aether?” I asked .
My pup of a companion rolled his large eyes . “No . I became this way in order to live out my dreams as someone’s cuddle buddy . ”
“I saw you get flung through one of the mirrors,” I said, ignoring his sarcasm . “What happened after that?”
Regis thought for a moment, scratching his chin with a small paw . “I don’t remember exactly . I just kept falling through the void until I blacked out, then I was back inside your body with a splitting headache . ”
I let out a breath of relief, glad to have one less thing to worry about in the future while fighting alongside my shadowy companion .
Anxious to get moving, I tried pushing myself off the ground . With barely a sliver of aether remaining in my core and pain radiating throughout every inch of my body, I couldn’t even sit up, let alone stand on my feet .
With no strength and a headache severe enough to keep me from meditating, I laid back and let my thoughts wander . Memories and emotions that I had been bottling up and storing deep inside began to surface—memories and emotions of my friends and family back at Dicathen .
I had been trying so hard to keep myself busy, not even giving myself time to think of the painful memories of the life I had left behind . Watching the Granbehl family’s tragedy play out must have broken the dam I’d been unconsciously building to hold back these emotions . I was afraid there was a genuine possibility that the hopeless odds I faced if I ever wanted to see my family and friends again would overwhelm me entirely if I dwelled on them too often .
But what was even scarier was the fact that I felt myself slowly forgetting their faces and voices . Recognizing them wasn’t the problem, but being able to picture them in my mind...that was getting harder .
With my body slowly regenerating its aether reserves and the pain from backlash beginning to dull, I pushed away the faces of Ellie and my mother, frozen in my mind with expressions of grief and desperation .
Slowly getting up to my feet, I took out the dead relic I had stashed in my pocket, confirming with my own eyes that the once black stone was now a cloudy white crystal . Eager to see what its actual purpose was, I infused it with the meager remains of aether I had left .
Nothing happened .
‘Did you break it?’ Regis asked .
I don’t think so? I tucked the opaque crystal back in my pocket . We’ll have to explore this more later, when I don’t feel mostly dead .
Shifting my gaze, I noticed that a piece of cloth had been rolled up into a makeshift pillow for me . Needless emotions of attachment to these Alacryans that I had just met began to emerge, gripping my insides . Shaking my head, I asked the question I had been afraid to ask since waking up .
“Who’s alive?”
“Go check for yourself . They’re over there,” Regis grunted, pointing to his left with a pudgy paw . “Now if you’ll excuse me, I’m going to hide out in your body until I can absorb some aether on my own again . Don’t call for me unless you absolutely need to . ”

I raised a brow . “Would you even be useful in the state you’re in right now?”
“Oh shut up,” he snapped before disappearing back into my body .
Letting out a sigh, I looked around at the scorched remains of the mirror room . Just like the future I had seen within the keystone, the hall was painted in black and red with the fountain shattered and water spilled all around it . Many of the mirrors were broken, revealing the endless void that Kalon had fallen into .
The keystone...
I glanced around, but the cuboid relic was nowhere to be seen .
‘It crumbled to dust after you snapped out of your trance,’ Regis said .
Damn it! I had hoped perhaps there would be another opportunity for me to delve back into the keystone, another chance to build on the knowledge I’d gained . If that stupid kid wouldn’t have released the Vritra-blooded ascender—
I recoiled from the thought . That “stupid kid” had paid for his mistake with his life . Being mad at him now didn’t serve any purpose, and there was no taking back what had been done .
Unless...
The keystone had shown me a future where I could literally turn back to the time on death itself . I probed my mind for the god rune, and while I could feel it there, I couldn’t tell what it did .
Regardless, I had learned everything I was capable of understanding from the keystone . That’s why it pushed me out, I was sure . I would just have to try it out to see what it could do...
Despite the chaotic state of the room after our battle, it didn’t take long to find the others .
And like I had expected, the only two left were Haedrig and Ada . Haedrig was kneeling by the gruesome remains of Ezra’s deteriorated body . The sole remaining Granbehl sibling was lying on the ground near her mirror, which was thankfully still intact . The phantom was unbound, but she appeared to be unconscious .
The Ada in the mirror, the real Ada, was also lying on the ground, her entire body shaking with sobs .
She must have seen everything that happened, I realized with a jolt of horror . I thought of the battle at the Wall—how I had searched the battlefield in a panic, looking for my father, and how I had found him too late...
I reached out and touched the mirror, and suddenly I was able to hear her choked, manic sobs . “I’m sorry, Ada . ”
Let’s hope this works, I thought, but I hesitated before activating the new god rune . It felt so...final to activate it, to experience for real the result of my work in the keystone . Once I used it, I’d know exactly what it could do—and what it couldn’t .
Regardless, this needs to be done . I steeled myself, then directed aether into the god rune .
The familiar warmth radiated from my lower back along with a flood of knowledge into the specific edict of aevum gained through the keystone . Much like my flames of Destruction and God Step, the edict molded into what I was able to grasp, manifesting itself into a form that made sense to me .
Motes of purple began spreading from my hand, swirling around like a miniature galaxy . Ada looked up, confusion and surprise overtaking her desolation for just a moment, and she began to fade away, turning to pinkish mist that flowed out of the mirror and back into her body .
A thick blackish-purple smoke was expelled from her pores and sucked back into the mirror . The phantom manifested back in its prison, a look of pure hatred on its twisted copy of Ada’s face .
At my feet, Ada’s body twitched and her eyes snapped open . She scuttled backwards, away from the mirror, her eyes wide with fear . Haedrig leaned down and put his arms around her shoulders, causing her to scream .
“Shush now, Ada, it’s me, it’s only me . Shush now . ”
Drawing the bone-white dagger that had once belonged to Caera’s brother, I drove it handle first into the Ada mirror, shattering it and destroying the phantom forever .
When I turned back around, Ada had her head buried in Haedrig’s chest, her small frame quivering as she let out a wail so sorrowful that I just couldn’t bring myself to go closer .
These were Alacryans, the same people that had devastated Dicathen, who were responsible for the deaths of so many people that I knew and loved . I should be relishing in their misfortunes and misery .
So why? Why did my chest feel like it was being wrung like a soaked towel?
But then, it wasn’t just about them . The disappointment and regret I felt—the sense of loss at knowing what I’d failed to learn—gnawed at my insides, and I couldn’t help but wish I hadn’t seen the potential futures .

Although I’d unlocked a new god rune, it was clear now that I’d only managed to grasp a part of the intended whole . And with the keystone gone, and my affinity with aevum as weak as it was, I may never have the chance to learn it again .
“Aroa’s Requiem,” I whispered . The flood of knowledge I’d experienced had included this name-like signature imprinted in the spell itself . It was poetic and beautiful, but to me, it would only serve as a reminder of what the spell could’ve been .
A spell that could’ve saved Kalon, Ezra, and Riah—a spell that could’ve even brought my father back .
At least I saved Haedrig and Ada, I thought half-heartedly, trying and failing to see the silver lining in the future I’d ended up in . And I can release these trapped ascenders and keep going, keep trying .
I peeled my gaze away from the others, turning my attention to the countless intact mirrors still containing ascenders, most of whom were studying me with expressions of respect...and some even fear .
Leaving Haedrig to tend to Ada, I began searching for a specific mirror near the fountain . It didn’t take long to find the ascender who I had promised to free, and while it was riddled with chips and cracks, his mirror prison had remained intact .
“I’m a man of my word,” I said with my hand pressed against the cool glass . The ascender’s eyes widened in shock as the motes of aether swirled around my hand and began to mend the many cracks that marred the surface of the mirror . “Rest well,” I whispered as he faded away .
‘Thank you . ’
As the ascender completely vanished, I let out a deep breath . Stepping away from the mirror, I looked down at my palm . The few traces of the aetheric motes that continued to slowly orbit around my hand slowly dissipated, leaving me with a hollow feeling .
Unlike God Step or Destruction, this rune didn’t expend much of my aether reserves . Even with the limited amount of aether in my core, I was confident I could free all the remaining ascenders .
Still, despite this new ability that I had unlocked, I was left with a bitter aftertaste .
The keystone could’ve unlocked a deeper and more powerful insight into aevum, but because of my lack of comprehension, I was left with only a piece of the whole .
The least part of the whole...
Now that I fully understood the rune, I knew this ability could only affect inorganic objects like the mirrors .
‘On the bright side, with this ability you’ll be able to revert dead relics into actual, usable relics,’ Regis chimed .
I curled my fingers into a tight fist . You’re right .
Despite its limitations, the ability to revert time was something even Kezess Indrath couldn’t do, and while I wouldn’t be able to use it in battle—or to bring back those I had lost—that didn’t mean I couldn’t make full use of its utility . I just wished that I still had Dawn’s Ballad here with me now, so that I could revert the asura-forged sword to its pristine state .
I pulled out the once dead relic from my pocket to examine it again . The edges of the clear crystal were now glowing dully . Now that I had more of my strength back, I pushed more aether into the stone, but still nothing happened . It seemed like, rather than being activated by aether, the relic had some sort of recharge period before it could be used again . At least that’s what I hoped .
Making my way through the remaining mirrors, I continued exerting my newly acquired god rune to free the souls of the ascenders trapped within until the last one faded away, a disbelieving smile on her tired face .
The cold, white hall dimmed slightly and shifted to a warmer tone . In the distance, a translucent portal manifested within one of the empty mirrors, just like the image I had seen in one face of the dodecahedron .
It was only then that I realized that both Haedrig and Ada had been watching me .
“How—how are you feeling?” I asked hesitantly, looking at Ada .
The poor girl was barely able to muster a nod before she looked away, her swollen red eyes full of resentment .
I swallowed heavily before walking over to the two of them . Reaching into my pocket, I pulled out the simulet that Kalon had given me . “Here, you should take this . ”
Ada whipped her head back to face me, eyes alight with panic . “Y-you’re leaving us here?”
I shook my head . “You all ended up in this mess because I was with you . If you two go through the portal on your own, it should lead you to a sanctuary . ”
“You have no way to know that,” Ada said, her tear-lined face crumpling into a scowl .
“I don’t, but I do know that if you go with me to the next zone, it’ll be even more challenging than this one . ”

After a moment of hesitation, she reached for the simulet in my hand, but Haedrig intervened .
“I have no intention of going back up to the surface,” the green-haired ascender said gravely .
“You can’t be serious . ” I let out a scoff . “You almost died and you want to delve even deeper?”
“I almost died by you,” Haedrig corrected . “As I’ve already said, the Relictombs react differently to unique individuals . I expected something like this to happen . ”
“You expected this to happen?” Ada asked incredulously . “And you still brought us along? My brothers and best friend died!”
For once, Haedrig’s cool demeanor was nowhere to be seen, replaced by an expression of guilt . “I thought your eldest brother would be strong enough to—”
“Oh, so it’s Kalon’s fault that they all died?” Ada yelled, her hands clenched into quivering fists .
Haedrig winced . “That’s not what I—”
Ada withdrew her simulet from a hidden pocket and threw it at the green-haired ascender before stomping off toward the portal .
Haedrig followed, trying to go after her, but I caught him by the wrist and held him back .
Just before Ada stepped through the portal, she looked back at us over her shoulder, fresh tears lining her cheeks and her vivid green eyes sharper than daggers . “If the Relictombs don’t eat you two alive, Blood Granbehl will . ”
As the last of Ada’s blonde hair disappeared through the portal, I let go of Haedrig’s wrist .
“Was that wise, just letting her go like that?” Haedrig asked, clearly concerned . “Her blood is quite imposing, especially to an unnamed blood . ”
“Should I have killed her?” I inquired, raising a brow .
“Not kill...but at least we could have tried to talk it out . ”
“Her best friend and both her brothers were all butchered in front of her . I don’t think anything we could’ve said would have convinced her . Besides, it’s suspicious either way since our names are recorded . ”
“True,” Haedrig said after a pause . “Are you not worried?”
“I’m more worried about what the next zone will be, and you should be too,” I said as I tossed him my simulet . “Go back . ”
Haedrig shook his head, pushing the simulet back to me . “I want to go with you . ”
I shook my head, unable to believe his obstinacy . “Are you that eager to die, or are you expecting some sort of treasure vault at the end of this?”
“It shouldn’t matter to you what I want . Even you have to admit that I can be useful,” he said .
“And if there’s nothing you can eat or drink in the next zone?” I pushed .
Haedrig revealed a playful smile . “Are you worrying about me?”
I let out a deep breath before stuffing the simulet back in my pocket . “Do as you wish . Just don’t expect me to protect you . ”
“I never dreamed of it,” he said, leading the way to the portal .
With my aether reserves about a quarter replenished and the warm lights flickering as if to warn us to leave quickly, I followed after the mysterious green-haired ascender .
With the decision made, there was no reason to linger in the mirror room . We stepped through the translucent portal, together, Haedrig holding onto to the back of my teal cloak just a step behind me .
To keep me from trying to ditch him at the last second, I suppose, I thought . He really doesn’t want to be left behind, but why?
The thought was blown out of my mind as, immediately upon stepping through the portal, I was blasted by a gust of icy wind so sharp that I could barely keep my eyes open .
Unfazed by the drastic change in scenery, and with nothing in sight except a panorama of gray, I pulled out the crystalline relic again . While I didn’t know its full capabilities, I was sure it had some sort of navigational function .
Except this time, when I took out the crystalline relic, its glassy edges were once again fully opaque . Feeling instinctively that there was something off about this place, I turned back to Haedrig...
...only, instead of the shaggy, green-haired ascender, a familiar navy-haired girl with two piercing red eyes looked back at me .
I stumbled away from her, completely caught off guard, and she stared at me uncertainly .
“Caera?”

