 rather than avoid the risk in silence.

“So how do you know all this, when nobody else does?” The answer occurs to me as the words come out of my mouth, and Callidus nods as he sees the dawning on my face.

“My father. The Census.” He fidgets. He’s not comfortable admitting this.

“He told me. Warned me, before I came.” He impresses the importance of what he’s revealing to me with his look.

I feel the weight of it. If anyone found out Callidus’s father had revealed Census information, even to his son, then it would be disastrous for their family.

The Hierarchy protects that information above almost everything else. Tertius Ericius would be removed from office, maybe even put in a Sapper for violating his covenant so blatantly.

I’d have no actual proof if I tried to claim it, of course, but Callidus confiding this to me is… it’s beyond trusting. He’s placing a faith in me that I don’t deserve. “I won’t breathe a word of this to anyone."

“I know.” Callidus studies me. “Still want to move up?"

“I have to.” No lie there. If Callidus is right—and I have no reason to believe he isn’t—then the added risk is something to keep in mind, but it doesn’t change what I need to do. “Thanks for the warning, though."

He gives me a half smile, understanding that I’m acknowledging the belief he’s showing in me, and then we resume our sparring. Callidus has a renewed energy, a lightness to his movements that wasn’t there before. The knowledge has been weighing on him.

Soon enough we’re done; breakfast is spent in pleasant conversation, the tension of the past day acknowledged and put behind us. I find myself relaxing, laughing, able to ignore the sidelong stares of the other students as they walk by.

I’ve passed the hurdle of Class Six. I’ve investigated the ruins on the other side of the island, well ahead of schedule. I have friends here, allies who will help me.

People who trust me.

At least in this one, bright moment, the rest of the year feels like it will be positively easy by comparison.

THE NEXT FEW WEEKS ARE a pleasant haze of work.

I start each morning with Callidus, sparring, then sitting down to study both before and during breakfast. It’s the other boy who suggests the addition to our routine; now he’s warned me of what may lie ahead, he seems happy, even excited, to engage in academic work with me.

I soon realise why: his boredom in Class Seven must be profound. He’s smarter than I am. Much smarter. Soon enough, we’re tackling theory far advanced from what I’m learning in Class Five. Distributed Conditionals. Will interplay with mechanics. Methodology of secondary fail-safes. Limitations on locking, calculations of upper and lower bounds of strength based on position and ceding ratio and imbuing. My understanding of the Hierarchy and how it works, how it perpetuates, how it’s built what it has built, increases dramatically.

Emissa joins us some mornings, too, in the glimmering pre-dawn light before we head to the mess. Rarely for long and only occasionally, but enough for me to look forward to the possibility. She and Callidus seem comfortable around each other, clearly having gotten along during their brief time in the same class. And her contributions show that the subjects we’re studying don’t faze her in the slightest. A good sign that I have plenty of improving to do, if I want to compete in Three.

Callidus is never short of a sly remark after she leaves. I continue to ignore him.

Classes themselves, for so long the bane of my day under Dultatis, become—

if not interesting, then at least not a waste of time. Taedia runs a tight daily

schedule, pushing each of her twenty-four students without overburdening them. Her lessons are informative and clear. Though I’m still usually either familiar with the subject matter or can pick it up easily, I learn more under her tutelage in three weeks than in the two months I spent with Dultatis.

The students themselves are easier company, too: not friendly, but civil enough and willing to interact when necessary. It’s the most I can hope for. I’m too focused on distinguishing myself to Taedia to make an effort to endear myself, and after my fight with Ianix, my reputation is such that—according to Callidus and Emissa, at least—I’m viewed with some hesitancy by the wider body of students. Combined with the Catenicus nomenclature, and Iro’s lingering influence, I’m considered a… somewhat less than approachable figure, as Emissa delicately puts it.

My evenings are for the most part spent tutoring Eidhin. Though he remains reserved, I enjoy these sessions, too. The large boy is a quick and willing student; his foundation in Common is already relatively strong, but he advances with astonishing rapidity once he has someone who speaks his own language to guide him. I’d had my suspicions, but after a couple of weeks, I’m convinced that he should be in a higher class than he is, too. He’s not at Callidus’s wide-ranging level of intellect, perhaps, but he’s smarter than anyone in Six. Anyone else in Five, too, I think. It’s only his inability to effectively communicate—and Dultatis’s unearned dislike, of course—that has held him back.

Dultatis himself, much to my disgust, appears to escape censure over his attempt at cheating. Ianix, too; he was out of the infirmary the day following the fight and straight back into Class Six. He avoids me now.

None of the Praeceptors have spoken to me about the fight. They all seem to want to act as if it was won fairly. I can’t see an advantage to pressing the point.

It’s hard, keeping what I saw in the ruins to myself, but I have little choice in the matter. I can’t freely communicate with Ulciscor before the trimester break, and I can’t bring myself to involve any of my friends—even Eidhin, who already knows about some of it. So instead I lie awake each night and ponder the Labyrinth. Puzzle again and again over its purpose. Its twin in the Academy feels increasingly like a proving ground. Veridius and Religion’s attempt to find someone who can run against the nightmares in the original.

Which in turn, leads me to again wonder if the missing students Callidus told me about saw their end in there.

Despite the heavy discomfort of those thoughts, time passes quickly. My mood improves. I work hard. Do everything I can to be a model student.

And then Callidus is right about something else. Two days into my fourth week under Praeceptor Taedia, I’m raised to Class Four.

OceanofPDF.com

XLVII

"YOU’RE A GOOD STUDENT. SMART. Dultatis held you back for far too

long."

Praeceptor Scitus absently rakes back his shaggy black hair. It’s just before dinner, and we’re in his private office. It’s not as spacious as Veridius’s, and certainly doesn’t have as good a view, but it’s neat. Shelves line the wall and books are arranged by what looks like topic, dividers between sections. The desk, large though it is, has only a perfectly stacked sheaf of papers in the top-left corner, a pen, and a lamp. There’s not a speck of dust anywhere.

I hear it coming, so I ask. “But?"

“But if you’re going to join Class Four, you need to start connecting with your classmates. And I’m not talking about you being friends with Sevenths and Sixths, either. ‘Stronger together’—you remember that, right? I need to know you’re going to keep that in mind."

I look at him, nonplussed. I don’t know what I was expecting, but this wasn’t it. “What if my classmates aren’t interested?” I wasn’t exactly a popular figure, even before the Ianix fight.

“Make them be. Charm them. Bribe them if you have to—I don’t care."

“That… won’t be easy. Half of them seem afraid of me."

“They are afraid, and it’s more than half.” Scitus scratches his scruffy beard.

“And I don’t blame them. You have a reputation as a killer, Vis. One who was in the right, but—someone who has taken another human life. And then everyone watched you bash in Ianix’s head. Which, again, was justified,” he agrees as I open my mouth to protest, “but it doesn’t exactly say ‘welcoming.’"

“Maybe I like it that way.”

“Nobody likes it that way—and even if you do, I don’t care. I’m telling you what you need to do in my class, as a baseline. Otherwise I’ll send you right back to Five, no matter your other attributes."

“Why?"

“Fourths and Thirds end up in the Senate. Every single one of them. Yes, I want my senators to be intelligent. Strong. Capable of wielding an immense amount of Will. But none of that matters if they can’t convince others. If they have no charm. If they can’t build networks and actually make a difference in the Republic.” He says it all with calm conviction. “This is a skill too, Vis. An important one, no matter how much you wish it were otherwise. So show me that you’re willing to work at it."

There’s not much I can do but nod. There are only six months until the end of the year, and a month of that is the trimester break. Plenty of time to advance and take my shot in the Iudicium, but not if I get on Scitus’s wrong side.

Especially as, at least from Emissa’s and Callidus’s accounts, Class Four is a significant step up in competitiveness.

“Good.” Scitus examines me. “The first thing you need to do is sit with your classmates at meals. Ericius will need to find a mealtime partner from Seven, if he wants one."

“Fine.” I’ll miss the comfortable routine of eating with Callidus, but he’ll understand. He’s even suggested previously that I might be forced into just this situation.

“And you’ll have to spend your time after dinner studying in the dormitory with them, too."

“No."

“No?"

I shake my head. “I’ve been tutoring Eidhin."

“He’s in Six. I don’t care if you’re friends. Focus on your peers."

“I’ll make friends—that’s fine. But don’t expect me to abandon my old ones, or break an oath I’ve already given.” I hold his gaze. “Or is that what you want from your senators too? A complete lack of loyalty?"

Scitus considers, then allows a small, reluctant smile. “Point taken. Continue with your evenings, then. But I won’t accept it as a reason for falling behind.”

“Understood."

He rises, indicating that I should follow suit. “Then welcome to Class Four, Vis."

I HEAD TO DINNER IN The mess, which is well underway. I pause by Callidus’s table.

His usual cheer dies away a little as he looks up and sees my expression. “Ah.

It’s time?"

“Just had the conversation with Scitus,” I confirm apologetically. “‘Spend every meal with the class.’ I’m supposed to make friends with them."

He almost chokes on what he’s eating. “Right up your alley."

“Shut up.” I grin to show I’m joking. “You watch. They’ll be eating out of my hand in no time."

He sighs. Gestures. “Well. Tomorrow morning before breakfast, then?"

“Always.” I clap him on the shoulder, then start up toward Class Four’s level of the mess.

The eleven other students around the table are laughing about something, but quiet as they spot my approach. I adopt a friendly, relaxed posture. Force myself to act as if I’m looking forward to this.

While friendships have never come easy to me, I do know a little about getting people on my side. I was going to be a diplomat, once. I have a fair idea of how to ingratiate myself with others.

I just, on the whole, never cared for it. Having to feign interest in those you don’t like, or at least don’t know well enough to have an opinion on. Pretending to have their interests at heart when in reality, you’re just figuring out how to make the best use of them. It’s all so… disingenuous.

I arrive at the table, standing awkwardly at its head. Normally I’d try to look confident, but my reputation’s such that showing a small amount of uncertainty might actually help. Make me relatable. “I’m Vis.” I glance over at Aequa, hoping she’ll take the lead here. She’s the only one I’ve spoken to before.

There’s silence—surprised, I think, more than standoffish—and then Aequa leans back. “Took you long enough.”

“We had bets on when you would make it through Five,” explains the girl sitting next to her, studying me intently. She has emerald-green eyes in a pinched face that accentuates her cheekbones.

I smile at her. “Who won?"

“That would be me.” The boy closest to me stands. He’s confident, with curly black hair that frames a chiselled visage. “Axien.” He extends his hand.

I shake it, the warmth of my reaction not entirely faked. I didn’t expect to be rebuffed, exactly, but there was certainly no guarantee of a gracious reception here.

There’s another hint of hesitation, and then I’m offered a seat and the others begin introducing themselves. It’s unnecessary; everyone in the Academy knows who’s in Three and Four. But I let it happen anyway, part of the social contract.

Aside from Axien, there are six boys—Lucius, Felix, Marcellus, Atticus, Tem, and Titus. The girls are Cassia, Ava, Valentina, and of course, Aequa. All of them from powerful families, with either high-ranking senators or regional proconsuls as parents. None of them are enthused by my presence, but nor are they inclined to brusqueness, either. It’s a start.

“You got promoted faster than most of us thought,” observes Valentina, the green-eyed girl sitting across from me. Her accent, not to mention her blond hair and pale skin, indicates southern blood. “Only Aequa thought you’d be faster.

How did you do it?"

“Well I didn’t have to punch anyone this time. So that was nice."

There’s a moment, and then some chuckles around the table. The tension eases a little. I wait until there’s quiet again, then shrug. “I put in the work. Plus I already knew a lot of what we were learning. Praeceptor Taedia thought I’d acquit myself adequately in Four, and it seems Praeceptor Scitus feels the same."

“Tell us,” says Tem, brown eyes curious as he leans forward. His teeth are white against dark skin. “Where in the gods’ graves did you learn to use the Amotus? We’ve been debating about it since you beat Ianix. There are rumours, of course, but…” He motions, indicating his dissatisfaction at not hearing it from the source. “It was very impressive."

“I fought in the Victorum in Letens, when I was an orphan.” Fighting in the games isn’t something that’s going to impress the children of patricians, but

everyone knows my background anyway. It’s what I’ve been telling anyone who will listen; only Callidus, as far as I know, suspects there’s anything more to it.

Better this half-truth than uncomfortable questions later.

“Ah.” His gaze flicks to Aequa before returning to me, as if checking for her reaction.

The conversation proceeds fairly well from there, as I’m peppered with questions that range from my upbringing to, of course, the naumachia. Aequa, I’m pleased to see, remains friendly. Hopefully it means her enquiries about when I left the Necropolis came to naught.

While everyone’s willing enough to talk, Axien, Titus, Atticus, Tem, and Cassia are the most immediately friendly. All from Military families, I realise soon enough. It’s a divide that quickly becomes obvious: Lucius and Marcellus are from Religion, and they seem content to have their own private conversation for most of the meal, while Aequa, Ava, Valentina, and Felix—while participating in the wider discussion—seem more inclined to have quiet asides among themselves, too.

It’s a dynamic I noticed becoming prevalent in Class Five, and Callidus has remarked on it happening in Seven as well. He thinks it’s a natural outworking of increasing tensions in the Senate. I’m beginning to agree. It was probably a popular topic at the Festival of the Ancestors, which is when these divisions seemed to start.

“Is it true you actually won the Labyrinth in Six?” asks Ava, a short girl who wears her black hair in a tight braid. Her father’s a Tertius in Governance, from memory.

“Well. We got disqualified, but it was because Dultatis said that communicating in another language was cheating."

“How is that any different from using pre-arranged signals?"

“Good question,” I agree wryly.

“You’ll have a better running partner than Tiberius, then, Aequa.” Felix chuckles. At the mention of the boy, a few of the group glance down to the level below us. I follow their gaze, spotting the glum figure among the other Fifths.

“Not a high bar,” notes Axien.

I glance askance in Aequa’s direction.

“We’ll be paired for the Labyrinth. Best and worst ranked,” she says, a little apologetically. “Tiberius was… not the best. Don’t worry. Our next run isn’t for a few days yet. We have time to work out a code."

I accept her observation, though the mere thought of the Labyrinth makes me mildly uneasy; despite Veridius’s implying that I could practice it early in the mornings, my discoveries since mean that I haven’t been back by choice. We only ran it once during my time in Class Five, too. An abject failure: my partner was both awful at manipulating the control bracer, and then thoroughly misremembered our agreed-upon signals when he ran.

But the Fourths practice it every few days, and the Thirds even more often.

I’m going to have to get used to it.

Dinner comes to an end, and I judge it as successful an introduction to my new classmates as I could have hoped for: I’m unlikely to enjoy meals the same way I did sitting with Callidus, but no one in the class is actively combative. It’s a good sign.

I pass Praeceptor Scitus on the way out. He glances up, and I acknowledge him with a nod. He gives an almost imperceptible one back. Approving.

I find myself smiling as I head for the Academy Bibliotheca.

“I HEAR CONGRATULATIONS ARE IN order."

I give a sweeping bow to Eidhin as I join him at the table in the near-empty Bibliotheca, tossing down the text I’ve chosen for tonight’s study in front of him. “Just moved my things."

“How are the new quarters?"

“Acceptable,” I say airily, grinning as the other boy scowls at me. I slip into the seat opposite. “Nice. They’re nice,” I amend, more sincerely this time.

My new lodgings on the second-to-top floor of the dormitory are, in fact, very nice. Emerging onto the landing was like stepping into another world: the floor was richly carpeted, the hallways wide and inviting, and the same floor-toceiling archways that Veridius has in his office lined the left of the entrance corridor, providing an incredible view out over the Sea of Quus. There were

mosaics on the wall opposite that, while I don’t have an eye for what passes for fine art in Caten, looked expensive, too.

More importantly, with just the eight boys in Class Four and an entire floor to ourselves, I now have my own room. Which means that if I do need to embark on any more late-night trips, they won’t carry anywhere near the risks of last time.

“I’m glad they meet with your approval.” Eidhin grumbles it in Common.

He enunciates carefully, but the flow of his words is considerably more natural than it once was. Our recent emphasis on grammar is paying dividends.

“Dultatis say anything?"

Eidhin’s lips twitch into something dangerously close to a smile. “No. But I suspect he knew. He was in a fouler mood than usual.” He preens slightly.

“Though that may also have been thanks to my embarrassing him in front of Praeceptor Taedia and the entire class, this morning."

“How so?"

“I corrected his Common. Twice."

I laugh aloud. “Then our lessons have truly paid off.” I raise my mug of water, and he clinks his to mine solemnly.

We sink into the routine of our studies after that, a combination of text work and practicing speech in Common. It’s a hard grind, this late in the day, but our integration of texts from Class Four helps. I don’t learn anywhere near as much as I do with Callidus in the mornings, but it’s enough to make the process rewarding for me, too.

“None of the Sixths would even know this, let alone be able to express it so clearly,” I say admiringly, sitting back as Eidhin finishes our session by explaining a complex, high-theory imbuing concept to me entirely in Common. “You really should at least be in Five."

“Four, if you’ve managed it."

“Bah.” I make a dismissive gesture, smiling, recognising the jest despite Eidhin’s words being delivered with absolute sincerity. I’m more accustomed to his humour now, able to spot when he’s making a joke. Most of the time, anyway.

We begin clearing up. “You sat with the Fourths, this evening.” Eidhin’s switched back to Cymrian, indicating he’s done practicing for the evening.

“Scitus told me I needed to try harder with other people. He basically forbade me from sitting with Callidus."

“Hm."

I’ve come to recognise the meanings behind Eidhin’s noncommittal grunts, too. “You don’t think I should have?"

“It is your decision to make."

I give him a mildly annoyed glare. “I want to move up to Three. If I’m going to do that, I need to have the Praeceptor on my side."

Eidhin shrugs. “As you say."

It’s delivered with indifference, a complete lack of judgment. I still feel it, though. “You wouldn’t do the same?"

He shrugs again. “It is the way of the Hierarchy.” A no, from the manner in which he says it.

I’m stung by that, probably far worse than by anything else he could have said. “What do you mean?"

Eidhin looks reluctant. Knits his brow. “They ask something small of you. A thing you would prefer not to do, but is not so terrible. You think you are working your way up, but in fact they are changing you. Moulding you into what they think you should be, one compromise at a time.” He says it simply, but there’s rock-hard belief beneath the words. “I am not suggesting you should have ignored what Scitus said. I am just saying that in this place… each man has to find his line. Has to find it ahead of time, and be resolved never to cross it."

I don’t say anything for a few long seconds. I think it’s the most Eidhin has ever said to me at once.

“I know,” I say eventually. The old scars pull on my back. “You don’t need to worry about me on that count, Eidhin. I have my line."

The muscular boy looks surprised, as if expecting disagreement. He hesitates.

“It was the Principalis,” he says abruptly.

“What?” I have no idea what he’s talking about.

“That first day you were here. When you punched me.” Gruff, but something mortified in the deliberate, succinct way he says it. It’s a painful

revelation for him to make. “The morning you arrived, the Principalis pulled me aside. He said that several people would be aiming to send Callidus’s father a message. Implied that perhaps if I were to knock him down in front of everyone, it may satisfy their need to hurt him without him being seriously injured.” He sneers. At himself, I think. “And he implied that if I did this, he might find a way to… help me with something. A problem from before the Academy."

“Oh.” I grimly process the information. Veridius really did plan the whole thing, then. Perhaps not with the intent of getting me expelled—he did have the opportunity to step in and stop me when I gave Eidhin his Threefold Apology—

but at least in order to make me look bad. To put me on the back foot and ensure my barely born reputation as Catenicus wasn’t allowed too much air within these walls.

Not a surprise, I suppose. It’s still troubling.

“I am sorry."

“I stopped worrying about it long ago. Callidus did, too.” I see where his outburst about the Hierarchy came from now. “Thank you for telling me, though. I’m glad to know."

He nods, eyes fixed on the floor.

“You… don’t talk much about your life before the Academy,” I press on cautiously.

“It was not my favourite time."

I chuckle. “All of it?"

“All of it."

My amusement wanes. I don’t think he’s joking.

The conversation seems to have ended; we finish packing up and start the journey back to the dormitory, walking in silence. The night’s warm and still, an echo of a summer long since fled. There’s an animated conversation between two students on the other side of the quadrum, but we’re to all intents and purposes alone.

“I was in a Sapper."

It takes me a long moment to process the words, to turn them over in my head and make sure I haven’t misheard. “What are you talking about?”

“Before the Academy. That’s where I was.” Eidhin’s gaze is fixed straight ahead. His voice is flat. “For almost a year."

I gape into the darkness in front of us, flustered. “In a Sapper? I… why?"

“Because I killed people. Three Praetorians."

“Three Praetorians,” I repeat, a little faintly. Highly trained men and women of at least Sextus status, wielding Razors.

We’ve reached the dormitory. Eidhin’s huge form is silhouetted against the orange flames of the torches on the walls. “I understand that this could… change your opinion of me. If you wish to be released from your obligation, I will bear you no ill will. On my honour."

I shake my head. “No. I’ll see you tomorrow night."

“Even if I wish to say no more on the matter?"

“We’re friends. You don’t have to tell me."

He studies me, then gives a short acknowledgment. “Tomorrow night, then."

He turns and walks off. But I swear I see him smile as he does so.

OceanofPDF.com

XLVIII LESSONS FOR CLASS FOUR ARE, immediately, markedly more intense

than anything that has come before.

Scitus is by far the most engaging and energetic teacher I’ve had. He practically bounces up and down the classroom, enthusiastically pinging questions between us, encouraging conversation on any number of topics and then forcefully dragging anyone who stays silent into the debate. In my first two days, I have an hour-long discussion over how Conditional imbuing might be better utilised in agriculture, end up in a heated debate over the historical accuracy of the invasion of Sytrece—backing down only because I’m aware of how genuinely annoyed I am at Felix’s dogmatically Catenan views—and then talk myself into a corner while trying to explain Namina’s philosophy of Will Maximisation.

It’s not just Scitus, either. The eleven other students in Class Four are sharp, hard-working, and aggressive if they sense a weakness in someone else’s argument. Oratory skills which were merely taught in previous classes—and which, to be fair, I have ample training in from my younger years—come into play more and more. Verbal jousts are a common occurrence.

Interestingly, once again, I notice factional themes emerging in these debates.

If Axien makes a statement, most often Atticus or Cassia will jump in to defend it. If Aequa attacks an argument, it’s always Ava or Felix lending their support to her objection. It’s not quite enough to say that it happens every time. But it’s enough to stand out.

For my part, I maintain neutrality, choosing to side with whomever I actually think is right. It earns me some glares from Axien, in particular, and some

surprised looks from everyone else. But Eidhin’s observation has stayed with me.

I won’t let myself be changed by them. Become one of them.

Even so, for the next few days, I sit with Class Four. I eat meals with them.

Aside from mornings with Callidus and evenings with Eidhin, I study with them and train with them. I’m welcomed with surprising ease into their small group, quickly made a member of an exclusive club. I still sometimes catch a sideways glance—the spectre of my reputation won’t vanish that easily—and there are plenty of conversations and jokes about long-previous classes that I simply can’t contribute to. But for the most part, the Fourths act as if I’ve been with them for as long as anyone else.

Two things become evident as the days pass: Aequa is considered to have the top rank in the class—both by Scitus and the other students—and of the entire group, she’s the least liked. Atticus in particular enjoys making soft asides about her to Cassia, who tends to encourage him with a girlish giggle that I find inexplicably annoying.

Jealousy of her position aside, though, I can’t see any reason for the antipathy.

My own interactions with Aequa are nothing but friendly as we work out our signals for running the maze. I feel like things are going well.

Then, at the beginning of my fifth day in Class Four, we head to the Labyrinth.

“THE THIRDS ARE HERE TOO?” I voice my surprise to Aequa as we descend onto the raised platform above the Labyrinth. Emissa, Indol, Iro, and the others are hanging over the balcony a little way over.

Aequa’s mouth twists as she spots them. “Nequias likes to have them watch sometimes."

“Why?"

“Motivation, apparently. To keep them looking over their shoulders. Remind them that the rest of us are improving.” She shakes her head, showing she doesn’t believe the narrative. “It’s really just so Nequias can spend a few hours doing nothing, and the Thirds can feel good about how much better they are at this.” Unmistakeable bitterness creeps into her tone.

“Are they? Better, I mean."

“They practice every day. We get one session per week. It’s inevitable."

Praeceptor Nequias is with his class, standing a little apart with a book in hand, openly bored. He barely looks up as the Fourths enter, acknowledging Scitus and then scanning the rest of us disdainfully before going back to his reading. I feel a flash of Aequa’s irritation.

The Thirds pay more attention to our entrance. Iro’s eyes meet mine and his lips slide into a sneer, as they tend to do when he spots me. I’ve done everything I can to stay out of his way—an easy enough task, thus far, given our respective classes—but it’s no secret that he despises my presence at the school. That I’ve made it this far likely isn’t sitting well with him.

I issue a cheerful smile, despite knowing I should just ignore him. Iro’s expression darkens.

“Everyone here?” Scitus scans our group and then, content that all dozen of his students are present, points to Aequa. “Let’s start at the top. Aequa, you have the first run. Vis, you’re her partner."

Good. No time to be nervous. Labyrinth runs are regular enough in Class Four to count heavily toward our ranking. I’ve acquitted myself well enough over the past few days, but this is my first real opportunity to impress.

I strap the control bracer to my arm and settle myself above the starting point, a little self-conscious in front of the Thirds. In their class, the runner wears the bracer as well, with partners there only to call out information.

Another indication that this is some sort of proving ground for the maze on the other side of the island.

Aequa descends, and Felix, Marcellus, and Valentina do the same on the far side of the Labyrinth. Tem, Atticus, and Lucius set themselves at the appropriate points on the balcony, one on each side and one at the end.

Everyone in Class Four will be experienced at this, far more competent than anyone else I’ve come up against so far. I compose myself.

Scitus signals the start, and Aequa is away.

I’m immediately impressed by her speed, by the way she lithely darts around the corridors, taking cues from how I’m opening passageways without a moment’s hesitation. I move steadily around the edge of the platform, watching,

occasionally calling coded instructions, but doing my best to indicate a path using the bracer alone. It’s a tactic we’ve discussed, and Aequa seems to have no problem reading what I’m trying to do. My shifting of the control stones on the bracer is smooth, quick, in rhythm. I start to feel confident.

I don’t even realise I’ve moved in front of the Thirds until I hear Iro’s voice behind me.

“Left,” he murmurs, making me flinch at how close he is. “Back. Left. Right.

Open. Right. Forward. Shut."

It’s not much, but the half second of distraction ruins my cadence; I hesitate and suddenly Aequa’s skidding to a stop below, waiting for a door that should already be open. I lurch for the stone on the bracer as Iro’s voice continues to tickle my ear. My motion’s jerky and the door opens, but with a rough, squealing grind that makes everyone on the balconies cringe. Aequa darts through, but not before shooting me a glare. Valuable time lost.

“Iro.” It’s Emissa, her voice sharp. “Don’t be a child."

There’s a delay, and then Iro’s voice returns. Even quieter than before, so that only I can hear. Calm and dark. “She’s a bit of a whore, isn’t she."

My breath catches. Red tints my vision. He’s goading me. I want nothing more than to turn and punch him, and we both know that if I do that, there won’t be any escape for me this time. Iro’s a Third. Veridius will have no choice but to expel me.

I try to open another passage for Aequa, but my hand’s shaking from anger.

The grinding’s worse this time. The stone comes away in my hand. Aequa curses, immediately changes direction.

“Iro. I’m sorry about what happened to your sister.” I’m not, in that moment. Not at all. But I have to try and defuse this situation. “You have to know it wasn’t my fault, though."

“How long did you take to save your little friend down there? How many thousands died while you chaperoned her through the sewers?” Pain. Fury.

“Own up to your blame, Catenicus.” There’s so much venom in the name that my shoulders twitch, anticipating an attack.

I manage to keep my eyes on the Labyrinth. Any sense of cohesion has gone from mine and Aequa’s run. The hunters are closing in. I can already see she’s

lost. There’s a heated discussion in the background, Emissa’s voice raised.

Nequias replying. Someone else—Indol, maybe?—supporting her. It doesn’t matter. The damage is done.

I turn to Iro as Aequa’s cornered below, keeping everything loose and calm, refusing to let him see how furious I truly am. He’s standing too close. I let him.

“I stand by what I did."

The red fades. I breathe. Brush past him. Risk a glance over at Emissa and Indol, hoping to see them making some headway with Nequias. Instead, the old man is looking on with undisguised amusement, shaking his head at whatever argument Emissa is making.

I hand the bracer back to Scitus. He looks at me, then over at Iro.

“Men and women don’t wield Will in silence, or without distractions. It doesn’t matter what he said to you. He didn’t physically interfere. That was a poor showing."

“It was, Praeceptor. I’m sorry.” There’s no point in making excuses. “I’ll do better next time."

“See that you do."

I move to walk away, but Scitus reaches out. Grabs me and leans close.

“It was also a commendable display of character. An improvement on the last couple of months, if I am not mistaken,” he adds softly. “We all know Iro’s quarrel with you, and it is unwarranted. Your restraint was admirable. Well done."

My back straightens. I walk over to the entrance, facing Aequa as she climbs the stairs.

She starts glaring at me well before reaching the top, and doesn’t stop. “Well, that was embarrassing."

“Iro was being… well. He may try to distract you, too.” I feel the need to warn her, at least. “I’ll go left, so you don’t have to walk past them."

She glances over at the Thirds, who have stopped their debate, though Iro’s still smirking and Emissa is still staring daggers at him. “Go whichever way I tell you to go. If he tries something, I’ll punch him in the face."

She stalks off.

My run through the Labyrinth is significantly more successful than Aequa’s.

True to her word, she walks around to the right, and if Iro says anything to her then she ignores it far more capably than I did. Doors swing open and closed without a sound, guiding me deeper into the maze. I never have to pause. She only calls out instructions a few times for the entire run. I’m ascending the exit, dripping sweat but victorious, after ten minutes.

Aequa is marginally more pleased with me this time, though the sting of defeat from her own run clearly still smarts. Even so, she joins me on the balcony to watch the subsequent runs, not talking much, but indicating by her presence that she’s no longer holding it against me.

It’s about a half hour later when Indol splits off from the Thirds and wanders over to us, pulling me aside with an easygoing smile.

“Vis.” He has his hands behind his back, as if he’s standing at attention.

Comfortable, but not casual. “Tell me. What are your plans for the trimester break?"

“The break? Return to Villa Telimus, I suppose. Train.” I’m not sure where Indol’s going with this. The break isn’t for more than a month yet; I’ve barely thought about it. The Festival of Pletuna is before that, only a week away.

He nods as if he’s not really listening and doesn’t care about the answer.

“What if you were to train with us?” He signals to where the others in Class Three—minus Iro, who’s talking with Nequias—are watching our conversation with unashamed interest, though we’re well out of earshot.

I blink, genuinely taken aback by the offer. Ulciscor and Lanistia doubtless had plans to continue my education, especially now I’m in a higher class. But the chance to study with the Thirds seems just as good an opportunity to learn, if not better.

It’s also surprising. I’m a level below Indol, barely know the boy. I was aware that some of the Thirds were intending to remain together over the break—

Emissa offhandedly mentioned it a while back—but there’s no reason for Indol to invite me.

“My father suggested it,” Indol says by way of explanation, no doubt seeing my puzzlement. “He heard you were promoted to Class Four. He’s been taking an interest in your progress, apparently, and has been looking for some way to

express his gratitude for what you did at the naumachia.” He says the words calmly enough, but I can sense an undercurrent of resentment to them. Directed more at his father than me, though, I suspect.

“Iro may not be—"

“This would only be for Military families,” Indol adds quietly. “Emissa, Belli, and I would be there."

I pretend to think it over, but I already know the answer. It’s what Ulciscor would want me to do. What Relucia would want me to do. What would be best for my chances of advancement.

I can’t really refuse.

“That sounds wonderful. I’d be honoured.” I extend my hand; after a second’s hesitation, Indol grips it.

“Good.” He sounds relieved, as if he wasn’t sure whether I’d actually accept.

“We will be travelling straight from here. I’ll confirm with my father, and he can let yours know the details."

“We’re not staying here?"

“Oh, gods no.” Indol chuckles. “Solivagus in the middle of winter is quite unpleasant, I assure you. No. My family have an estate in the north, where it’ll be warm. Beautiful beaches. I’ve only been once before, but it should be a perfect place to both train and relax."

“It’s by the sea?"

“It’s on the sea.” Indol beams. “A little island called Suus. Don’t worry. You’ll love it."

He claps my shoulder and wanders back to the Thirds, not noticing the blood draining from my face.

OceanofPDF.com

XLIX FROM THE DAY I HAULED myself from the Eldargo Strait, blind with

exhaustion and pain, I’ve assumed that I would never see my childhood home again.

The following week passes in a haze as I wrestle with the challenging of that notion, try to imagine ways I can get out of going. Partly because I’m terrified at the prospect; though I doubt we’ll be mingling with the locals, there’s still a far higher chance that someone there might recognise me.

Beyond that, though, I’m simply not ready to face those ghosts. I’m not sure I ever will be. The very idea twists something inside my chest, tightens it so that it’s difficult to breathe. I try not to let it, but it haunts my days, distracts me from both study and training. I see flashes of my home that I haven’t remembered in years. I see people that may or may not still be alive. I see the last moments I had with my family, again and again. My father’s bloodied visage, eyes straining after me as I fall. My little sister, washing out to sea. I never even heard whether they found her body.

My work suffers. Not markedly, not so much that I fall behind or make a fool of myself. But I’m not as sharp as I should be. Scitus reprimands me a couple of times, though I think it’s because he knows I’m capable of more, not because I’ve performed inadequately.

My friends notice I’m distracted, too, but I deflect by telling them a half truth: that I’m surprised and worried about my invitation from Indol. They laugh and assure me that it’s a good thing, a sign that I’m expected to make Class Three myself eventually. I just nod and continue fretting.

The only way I’m able to soothe my anxiety is knowing that the Festival of Pletuna is fast approaching. My hope rests, as loathe as I am to admit it, on my

meeting there with Relucia. She’ll understand the danger. See the risk of exposure. She might be able to convince Ulciscor to excuse me from this.

It’s two days before, Scitus dismissing us after the chime for dinner, when Aequa approaches me.

“Vis. Are you coming to Caten with us?” There’s immediate interest from Axien and Cassia nearby, and encouraging looks from Atticus and Felix. It seems most of the class will be at the festival.

I keep my expression neutral. We were always going to be taking the same Transvect, so going as a group implies staying together as a group. Relucia’s supposed to be meeting with me in secret. Joining the Fourths seems… unwise.

Scitus is standing off to the side; when I glance over at him, he raises an eyebrow meaningfully. He’s overheard, wants me to accept. Of course he’d be here right now. Of course he’d think that this was a way for me to show him I’m making an effort.

“I’d love to.” There’s no other option, really. I’ll just have to figure out how to slip away without attracting attention.

“Good.” Aequa seems pleased with the response. We start walking to dinner.

“Did you hear about Feriun?” When I shake my head, Aequa looks bleak.

“His family have officially damned his memory."

My heart drops. “I’m sorry to hear that.” Inevitable, for a suicide. I still worry that it wasn’t.

Aequa’s watching my reaction. “Did you see him at all before it happened?

At the Festival of the Ancestors, I mean?"

“No."

“I thought you might have seen him while you were out walking."

I squint at her. “No,” I repeat, mystified.

“It’s just that the Magnus Quintus said you were out exploring the valley, both times I stopped by the Telimus crypt. He said he’d pass on that I’d been there."

“Oh.” I do a reasonable job of not betraying my alarm. “He never mentioned you’d been by. He’s like that,” I explain apologetically.

“Forgetful?”

“Rude.” I give her what I hope is a charming, relaxed smile, and after a second she returns it. Good. Ulciscor must have done all he could to cover for me, but the Festival of the Ancestors is hardly an event which allows for unexplained absences. Concerning that it’s taken Aequa so long to bring it up.

It’s evidently stuck in her mind.

Conversation turns to our strategy for the Labyrinth, which we’re due to run again in three days’ time. Aequa seems to have dropped the matter of the Necropolis, but I’m still uneasy. The more I see of her, the more I’m realising that she deserves her spot at the top of the rankings. She’s intelligent, focused, and fiercely hardworking.

Smart enough to keep harbouring suspicions about me, I’d wager. To keep pushing for answers.

Which means that Class Four is going to be even more difficult than I’d thought.

“I CANNOT BELIEVE YOU GET to go to the festival."

Callidus fiddles with the control bracer; I cringe as there’s a screeching groan below, a punctuation on Callidus’s obvious disappointment. We’re the only two in the Labyrinth this morning, luckily.

“It can’t be that much better in Caten."

“You’re joking. The Festival of Pletuna is…” He sighs wistfully. “Did you know that gambling is legal for the day? There are dice games on every corner of the city. Every corner, Vis. And the women…” He sighs again.

“It sounds like maybe it’s a good thing you can’t go?” I show my amusement as he shoots me a glare, holding up my hands defensively.

Callidus growls, then returns to his inspection of the Labyrinth. “Have you ever wondered how this works?"

“Will-locking, obviously. But then there must be some serious Conditionals in there, too. For the bracer to move entire panels so easily…” I gesture, indicating it’s beyond me.

Callidus nods, clearly having come to the same conclusion. He moves a few more stones—unsuccessfully in most cases, the others with more awful scraping

sounds—and then stops, frowning down at the maze. “It’s a waste of Will, keeping this powered."

“I thought that too.” I join him at the edge of the balcony.

“And it’s complex. Weirdly complex. I mean, I can see the benefit. It fits all the categories for being good at wielding Will, and tests them without anyone needing to actually wield Will. But surely there are simpler ways to do mostly the same thing. To make this just for training doesn’t seem very efficient."

I’m quietly impressed. The conclusion seems obvious to me now, but before my trip to the ruins, I was like everyone else. Didn’t think to question it. “Why else make it, though?"

Callidus, not to his detriment, shakes his head. “Who knows.” He unsuccessfully tries one last movement, then indicates I should take his place.

“When’s the next run?"

“Day after the festival."

Callidus sighs again. I give him a sympathetic look. “Your parents are still unhappy, I take it?"

“My father is.” The topic is still of some discomfort to him. “I won’t be alone, at least. Almost none of the Sixths and Sevenths are allowed to go. And only a few of the Fifths."

“Even Emissa’s parents said no to this one,” I agree consolingly.

Callidus immediately perks up. “Disappointed?"

I ignore him. “It makes sense. I’m actually surprised the Academy is letting us go at all."

“Religion runs the Academy. It’s a religious event.” Callidus spreads his hands to indicate the inevitability. “They don’t mind when families say no, but they’ll never stop anyone from going.” He hesitates. “Speaking of which. Are you sure you should be going?"

I don’t answer straight away. The Festival of Pletuna has a reputation for being wild, beatings and muggings and worse a common occurrence. It was like that even in the provincial towns, which I know because I risked attending once, before I was at the orphanage.

But that’s not what Callidus is getting at. This won’t be like the Festival of the Ancestors where I was accompanied by a Magnus Quintus, with the

Necropolis under Military control and one of the most secure places in the world. The threat of the Anguis—and, judging from what Relucia told me, they are a threat—makes a raucous Caten hardly the safest destination.

“I’ll be fine. I can’t worry about it forever."

“I mean, you can. If you want to. Not that I’m worried, of course. Obviously.

But I can imagine how upset Emissa would be if something happened to you."

I grin. “You just want to deprive me of the fun you’re so sure you’re missing out on."

He laughs at that. “Maybe."

The chime for breakfast soon sounds, finishing our half-hearted morning practice. “I expect tales when you return. Lots of tales,” he calls sternly as we part. “Don’t let those Fourths keep you from doing the fun stuff."

I chuckle and wave my acceptance, though my mind’s already back on my meeting with Relucia. Wondering how she’s going to be able to contact me in secret. Trying to fathom how to excuse my slipping away from the Fourths for any period of time at all.

I head to breakfast, paste on a chirpy demeanour, and prepare to board the Transvect for Caten.

OceanofPDF.com

L THE CATENAN PENCHANT FOR RELIGIOUS holidays has always irked

me. In part, I think it stems from there being so many gods. Mira for war, Arventis for luck, Sere for fertility. Ocaria for rivers, Vorcian for metalworking, Ferias for keys and doors. Each has its own domains, its own sacrifices, its own specific forms to follow. Without all these celebrations, I doubt anyone but the priests would be able to remember who they had to pray to for what.

The Festival of Pletuna, though… the Festival of Pletuna has always been the exception, for me.

That first year after Suus meant starving more often than not. Stealing food and trying to resist the urge to sell myself into indentured servitude, doing all I could to avoid becoming an Octavii from sheer, petty hunger. Religious holidays like the one for Jovan often provided the lure of handouts, but those were never enough to fill a famished fourteen-year-old boy.

During the celebration of Pletuna, goddess of the harvest, though, that wasn’t an issue. Even in the provinces, the enormous public feasts meant that no one had to go wanting; the Princeps supplied ample food for even the most ravenous of crowds, and I, proud though I was, had no compunction about taking their charity. There was drinking, and dancing in the street, and brightly coloured decorations wherever you went. Gambling was legal for the entire day, and you couldn’t pass a street corner without a game of dice being played. Of course, there was never any way to tell whether the dice were Will-imbued, so I was never stupid enough to participate. But it was still fun to watch.

I finished the night warm, with a full stomach. Smiling. It’s the only day I can remember when I felt like I might actually be able to make it on my own.

“This is the first time you’ve been back?” Scitus has joined me at the glass as our Transvect descends toward Caten. He’s here along with Praeceptor Ferrea to escort all the students attending, not just Class Four, but I’m uneasy at his presence. Yet another pair of eyes to evade.

“It is.” The clouded sky means it’s already dark, but the city below looks little different than it did during the Festival of Jovan. No tinted lanterns painting the buildings this time, but the streets heave with light and motion. I feel a tinge of queasiness at the size of the crowd. Glance over at Aequa, who’s seated at a window farther along. She catches my look and nods an unsettled acknowledgment. She feels it too.

“Take this.” Scitus produces a stone tile. He hasn’t noticed the exchange with Aequa. “Keep it on you."

“That’s not necessary."

“Everyone is getting one."

“Alright.” Refusal will just make him suspicious. “But you don’t need to worry. The Anguis have no way of identifying me."

“That you know of. I know you can take care of yourself, but be careful out there tonight, Vis. And make sure you’re back by midnight.” He indicates the grey, twisting pillar below that stands a hundred feet tall, looming over everything else nearby. Lordan’s Column. The agreed-upon meeting point before we return.

I disembark with the rest of the Fourths into the festive maelstrom of activity that is Caten. Nobody’s wearing their mark of office or uniforms, tonight; beyond the intimation of the quality of their clothing, there’s no way to tell whether someone is closer to Octavii or senator. Unrestrained roars of delight come from the crowds watching street performers and shows, many of them lewd. There are fights, music, Victorum matches. Colour everywhere.

I get a friendly elbow from Marcellus. “It’s you.” He’s grinning as he points to a nearby building.

I take in the crudely drawn depiction on the wall with grim dismay. Ships burning, two men in their midst. One stabbing the other in the head. Just in case it wasn’t obvious, CATENICUS is scrawled below it.

“Come on!” Aequa’s call distracts me from the unpleasant reminder. She’s positively glowing with excitement as she spots something down the crowded street. “There are Foundation games!"

“Of course she’d choose Foundation over… you know, anything else,” Atticus grumbles next to me as we hurry after her down the stairs.

“Lucky Belli didn’t come,” mutters Felix. “Otherwise we’d be here for hours, watching her win money."

“We can always find something better,” I point out, seeing the opportunity.

“Safer if we stick together,” says Marcellus. “Plenty of cutpurses looking for easy targets at these things."

I lower my voice, glancing across at Aequa. “As long as you’re happy doing whatever she wants to do all night."

There’s a rumbling of agreement among the boys within earshot. Atticus, much to my delight, immediately takes it a step further. “Aequa! We’re going this way."

The raven-haired girl looks put out. “You want to split up already?"

“We’ll stay in the area."

Aequa sighs, evidently expecting this would happen at some point. “Don’t go far."

Aequa, Valentina, and Lucius eagerly seat themselves at the Foundation tables as soon as the space opens, laying down money and unmistakeably enthused about their chances. I snort as I watch Aequa offer to flip a coin to determine who starts. She was showing off for us just a few days ago, must have landed fifteen heads in a row, at least. Never once looked like she was cheating.

Elsewhere, Axien and Felix wander off, looking for different forms of entertainment, and then Cassia disappears with Atticus trailing after her. None of the other students from the Academy are in sight, nor the Praeceptors. That’s encouraging. It may not be as difficult to get away as I first expected.

I watch the Foundation matches for a while with Marcellus, curious. None of the players—not the students, and not their opponents—are anything more than skilled; even Hrolf back at Letens would have beaten any of them. I feel a wave of nostalgia as I think of the craggy-faced jailor, tinged with sadness. It’s

been more than half a year. Whoever replaced me has probably reported his lapses to the higher-ups. He’s likely already an Octavii in a retirement pyramid.

I’m intent enough on the games that I almost don’t notice the gentle tugging on my cloak.

I turn, but there’s nobody near me. Strange. I go to resume my observation of the matches, but the tugging comes again. Stronger than the wind, but not by much. There’s definitely no one around.

Someone’s imbued my cloak.

I ignore it for almost a minute, gritting my teeth. Finally, though, when an especially impatient-feeling tug almost makes me stumble backward, I sigh and catch Marcellus’s attention. “I’m going to wander around. If I’m not back soon, I’ll meet you all at Lordan’s Column."

“Looking for a dice game?” He sounds hopeful.

“I was thinking of watching some of these shows.” I’m aware of exactly what Marcellus thinks of the shows, and actors in general.

“Ew.” He waves me on my way.

I can see Aequa glance up as I start to leave, and she looks about to call out, but I disappear into the crowd before she can say anything. She’s by far the most suspicious of the students; if I can get away while she’s busy, all the better.

As best I can, I head in the direction the cloak is pulling me; whenever it’s toward a collection of buildings, I weave my way around them until I’m on roughly the right track again. Reluctance keeps my pace slow. I occasionally glance over my shoulder to check that no one’s decided to follow me, but there are no familiar faces. I’ve moved away from the brighter, more open areas now into a region that seems more run-down, albeit no less full of people celebrating.

I pause by a distinctive red-framed door to conceal Scitus’s tracker. It’s not valuable or even recognisable if found by a stranger, and I can easily fetch it on the way back. I doubt Scitus will use it to try and locate me before midnight.

Even if he does, I can always say I dropped it.

After another twenty minutes—and three more walls showing colourful depictions of me at the naumachia—the insistent tugging leads me first past, then back to a house. Two stories tall and wooden, ramshackle, and dirty. The same as a hundred others clustered around it.

I grimace at the entrance, then knock.

It opens a crack, then just enough for a hand to snake out and pull me roughly through. I shrug the grip off as I stumble into the dimly lit space, footsteps echoing. The door is swiftly shut behind me, sealing me in.

I turn and scowl at the sole occupant of the room.

“Good to see you again, Son,” says Relucia.

I’M NOT SURE WHETHER THE young woman standing between me and the doorway thinks she’s being charming, but I let my sour expression state just how little I’m amused.

“Let’s make this quick. The others will notice if I’m gone for long.” I scan the room. It’s small without being crowded, a table and chairs in one corner.

Through a beaded curtain I can see a bed in the room beyond, and a small shrine. This is someone’s home. Probably unrelated to Relucia, just some citizen whose house she was able to discreetly break into. Who could probably also be back at any moment.

“I’ve no intention of doing otherwise.” Relucia bolts the door and throws herself into the nearest chair. She’s still smiling, but her eyes are hard. “Sit, Diago."

I do as she says.

“You’ve progressed since we last spoke?"

“I’m in Class Four.” Frustration and anxiety bubble in my chest, even as I’m hesitant to ask. “When I got promoted from Six, it was because a student in Four died. He was at the Necropolis when it happened."

“Yes.” It’s an affirmation of both my statement, and the implication.

I close my eyes. My breath comes shorter and sharper than I’d like it to. It’s my fault, then. “You didn’t have to kill him."

“We didn’t have time for anything nicer."

“I don’t care. You won’t do it again."

“That’s not your decision."

“It is. You kill someone else because of me, and we’re done. Consequences be damned.” I hold her gaze, showing her exactly how serious I am.

Relucia sighs, waves a hand tiredly. “I make you no promises, Diago. This isn’t a game. But if there is an equally effective alternative, I’ll choose that next time.” The way she says it indicates that she doesn’t think there will be an alternative, and she definitely thinks there will be a next time.

I don’t acknowledge the statement, but nor do I waste time belabouring the point. “There’s another problem—one you might actually be able to help with.

I’ve been asked to accompany the Thirds during the break next month. They’re holidaying in Suus. Ulciscor will insist that I go, but maybe if you—"

“Oh, I know. It was my idea."

“What?” I’m confused.

“My idea,” she repeats, looking unconscionably pleased with herself.

“Military are holding a summit there—not their first choice, but after a few reports of the Anguis targeting their other locations, they came around.” She smiles sunnily. “Ulciscor’s going, and half the other senators have been dying to meet you. All it took was me hinting at the idea of you coming along in the trimester break, and he was suggesting it to the Dimidius the next day."

I’m too stunned to respond for a few seconds. “Why?"

“Because every senator worth anything from Military will be there, and I’m interested in what they’re going to be talking about."

“But it’s Suus. It’s the one gods-damned place I’m going to be recognised!” I hear the note of panic in my voice, but don’t care. Relucia was my last hope for getting out of this. “Vek! Every single person on that island knows who I am!"

“They knew who you were.” Relucia’s calm in the face of my trepidation.

“It’s been three and a half years, Diago—you were a child. And in their minds, you’re dead. Even if someone spots a passing resemblance, they’re not going to start shouting that their prince has come to visit posing as a student from one of Caten’s most… Catenan institutions.” She shrugs. “Besides. Suus was overthrown: most of your former countrymen won’t be in positions of power, particularly if they used to be. I’d be surprised if you saw anyone you once knew."

I study the dirty floor, teeth clenched. It does nothing to ease my fears, but she’s not wrong.

“So this Military summit. You want me to somehow… listen in? Uncover why they’re having it?"

“Oh, I know why they’re having it. They’re getting worried about Governance and Religion,” says Relucia. “That’s what they’ll be discussing for most of the three days, and I don’t need you for that. But on the last night, Ulciscor and the other lower-level senators will go home, and there will be a council solely between Military’s Quartii, Tertii, and Dimidii. I need to know if Dimidius Quiscil requisitions anything in that meeting. Anything. Along with any other information that may be of interest, of course."

My chest is tight. Not just returning to Suus, then. I have to spy while I’m there. “That’s vague."

“Yes.” The way she says it indicates it’s deliberate, and not going to change.

I try anyway. “If I knew more about—"

“I’m not telling you any more in case you get caught."

My lip curls. “Your plans for me won’t get far if that happens."

“True.” Unworried. “But I assume you’re not so arrogant as to think that you’re our only project, Diago. Or even that you’re vital. You are an option. A cog. One we haven’t even seen prove its usefulness, yet."

I glower. Probably not a lie, though, given how apparently willing Relucia is to risk me. “Fine. Then how exactly do you propose I make myself privy to this secret meeting?"

“You’re a resourceful boy, Diago, and the summit will be in your ancestral home—where you will no doubt be quartered. If anyone can find a way to listen in, it’s you."

I pause at that. Think of the network of secret tunnels via which I escaped, the ones that run for miles through the palace and nearby cliffs. The myriad back ways through the corridors that only I and my siblings really knew.

As much as I hate to admit it, she may have a point.

There’s a long silence as I grapple with the news. Wanting to back out but knowing I can’t, the struggle pinning my chest until it feels like it’s being crushed.

“Why are you doing this to me?” I know how it sounds, but my frustration is too much and it slips out. “Rotting gods, why are you even in the Anguis? The

Hierarchy benefits people like you. Why do you want to destroy it so badly?"

“Isn’t it being unfair enough of a reason?"

Ulciscor. The Transvect. The naumachia. Feriun. “No."

There’s a spark in Relucia’s eyes as she turns away. “Your father would say differently."

“You didn’t know my father.” It’s a growl. A warning.

“I know he didn’t want his son to turn a blind eye to all of this."

“He didn’t approve of the killing of innocent people, either, believe it or not."

“Innocent? Those people out there? You already had this conversation with Melior.” Relucia’s suddenly, openly angry. “You think an Octavus who gives his Will is somehow less responsible than the Sextus who kills with it? The weak and poor endure in the Hierarchy because the alternatives are harder, not because there are none. They know the system is wrong, but they choose not to think or speak up or act because they ultimately hope that in their silence, they will gain.

Or at the very least not have to give more than they have already given. They are driven by myopic self-interest and greed just as much as the senators and knights, and it’s as Melior said—you of all people should hate them for that. The decision may have been made by the few, Diago, but it’s the Will of the many that killed your family."

I stare at her. Breath short from the verbal violence.

“I know.” I say the words softly, let them escape from between gritted teeth.

“But that’s the world. You can’t punish them all. Even if you want to.” I waver, almost swallow the words, but her anger has stoked some of my own. “And I don’t want to."

“That’s the problem, Diago. If you do not hold them accountable, nothing will change. Don’t mistake inaction for neutrality.” She studies me. “You shouldn’t grow so attached to your classmates,” she adds eventually. “They are the enemy. If you told any one of them who you are—"

“I know."

Relucia observes me for a few more seconds, then nods her satisfaction.

“Then we’re done here. I’ll send a gift to Suus with Ulciscor. A stylus. Willlocked to one on my end, Conditionally activated by wax. You will write

everything you learn, and then break it.” She reaches over, makes a show of touching my cloak to take back her Will. Her eyes cloud. “And you will learn whatever there is to learn, Diago."

“And if I don’t? You won’t give me up over something like this.” Despite what she said before, she’s gone to too much effort to put me in this position.

There are certain things that we both know aren’t important enough for her to undo all of that.

Her eyes stay dark. “No. But I will kill one of your friends."

It’s said with such breathtaking matter-of-factness that I almost don’t understand. Then the blood drains from my face, my hands tightening to fists.

“As I said. Our business here is done.” She motions to the street. “Don’t keep those friends of yours waiting."

I stand stiffly and march to the door. Unbolt it.

“You hurt any of them,” I say softly, voice shaking, “and on my oath, I will burn you and the Anguis to the ground. No matter the cost."

I leave, slipping out into the boisterous night before she can respond.

OceanofPDF.com

LI THE CROWDS SEEM MORE AGGRESSIVE than before, writhing around

me, shrieking discordantly with drunken laughter and off-key music as I orient myself and start making my way back to the others. I’m not sure whether the night’s simply progressed, or whether I’m noticing it more after my discussion with Relucia. I do my best to avoid being buffeted and try to really look at the faces around me. To see them as people, not a mass of Will draining away to the Hierarchy. Not just a crowd of accomplices to my family’s deaths.

It’s harder than it should be.

After a minute I stop, pull my cloak from my shoulders and carefully make a small tear. Not enough to ruin it, but enough that Relucia’s Will would be lost. I don’t believe for a second that she actually took it back.

Then I turn and hurry back to a shadowy doorway, within sight of the one I just exited.

Of all the obstacles in my path, Relucia is currently by far the most problematic. I have a real chance to reach Class Three and win the Iudicium this year. To graduate the Academy, choose a position at the embassy in Jatiere, and potentially gain years without having to touch an Aurora Columnae.

But she’ll never let me do that, no matter what she told me at the Necropolis —I can see that now. I need to force her hand, starting with forestalling this trip to Suus. I need to find something I can use against her.

And she was in a hurry, back there, just as much as I was.

Relucia emerges a couple of minutes later, face hidden beneath a hood; she glances around, but the crowd’s thick enough that she has no chance of spotting me. She hurries off in the opposite direction. I allow some distance, then follow.

The revelry provides easy cover, and though Relucia does occasionally delay to check behind her, I’m always too far back and too well concealed to be in danger of discovery. I shadow her for almost ten minutes before she reaches a bustling market square, gaudily lit and full of shouting merchants and cacophonous music. She stops. Looks around—not suspiciously this time, but searching.

Another minute passes, and then a tall, slim figure appears behind her and places a hand on her arm. She turns and peers up under the man’s hood. Follows him.

I trail after, this time down narrow, less populated streets. Several times I have to allow the two of them to vanish from view and then hurry to catch up, rather than get too close. They don’t look around, though.

The pair finally arrive at a wooden two-storey structure, one of the many in this part of the city. They pass into a courtyard overlooked by balconies on every side; as I watch through the entrance, they head upstairs and disappear through a far door.

I examine the people milling around. There’s nobody watching, no guards. I hold my breath and slip inside, darting up the stairs and placing myself below the nearest window, concealed from the doorway by a scattered pile of crates.

Words filter from inside. Quiet, but the buffer of the courtyard allows me to make them out over the more distant noise of the festival.

“… think they will accept?” A male voice. Smooth and calm.

“They have to.” Relucia. “A ship is a small price for a Cataclysm weapon."

The last part sounds mocking.

Sure enough, there’s a sharp laugh, followed by another question that’s lost in a swell of clamour from out on the street.

“They say they’ve figured out how to use it as an anchoring point. It should be stable enough."

“Should be?"

“Will be."

“Can we trust them?"

“We’ll see soon enough.”

There’s another question, something about how many, and Relucia’s reply—

I think—indicates that there will be “enough.” I close my eyes, ears straining, mentally untangling words from the surrounding racket. The two inside are only barely audible, but this is as close as I dare get.

“I assume we will need to keep them from coming back, too?” I hear that question from the stranger easily enough.

“Of course. Our man should be the only one they can question."

I hold my breath. Risk a look through the window.

It’s dim inside. Two figures sitting at the table: Relucia and the man with her.

Between them lie three shapes that, for an instant, I think are some sort of large, furry fruit.

Then my eyes adjust, and I make out the strands of hair. The staring eyes.

The blackish fluid smeared around them.

I flinch back down, clamping my teeth together to keep from crying out.

“Nobody saw you tonight?” Relucia again, the calmness in her voice chilling now.

“Nobody. It still hurts, but it’s getting easier to use. I can go farther."

“Show me."

A pause. “It’s dangerous. The other side are looking—"

“I need to see how effective you are."

After a few seconds a barely audible, growling thrum vibrates the air. The hairs on the back of my neck stand on end.

Silence from inside, then from my right, footsteps coming up the stairs. I shrink back into the shadows behind the crates. The door creaks as it opens.

“Satisfied?"

I stiffen, confused. The newcomer sounds like Relucia’s companion.

“You’re a lot faster than you were."

I chance another look inside. Relucia’s still sitting at the table, grisly trophies in front of her. The other man is taking a seat opposite her.

No one else is in the room.

“I have to be.” The man’s pulled back his hood, revealing close-cropped brown hair. He’s younger than I would have thought, not much older than

Relucia, and has a wicked scar splitting his face diagonally from forehead to chin. “It helps to know the terrain, though. Do you have maps?"

“This way."

I sink back down again; there’s a scraping of chairs, and for a heartbeat I think they’re coming outside. But the footsteps fade into the house. Disappear.

I hesitate, then retreat. Whatever they’re talking about, those severed heads are a perturbing reminder that Relucia isn’t to be trifled with.

It doesn’t take me long to retrace my steps and retrieve Scitus’s tracking stone. From there, I wind my way back to where I left Aequa and the others, but they’ve left the Foundation games, no doubt in search of other entertainment.

That’s fine by me. I wander for a while, not really paying attention to anything or anyone in particular. Just thinking. Whatever I just overheard, it’s not anything I can use to make Relucia change her mind about Suus.

Eventually I realise I’ve strayed farther than I meant to. There’s still at least an hour before midnight but I have no real interest in the festivities around me; my father often used to say that the Hierarchy’s true power was not in Will, but in their ability to distract those who gave it up. The drunken laughter and merrymaking echoing down every street grinds at me.

I swivel to head back to Lordan’s Column, and spot the two men following me.

It’s not hard, with neither being particularly subtle about it as they stutter to a stop fifty feet away. No way to tell how long they’ve been tailing me, but when they see I’ve marked them, one of them mutters something to his companion.

They both have ugly looks on their faces.

Anguis.

My heart starts to thump. I walk in the opposite direction, throwing a glance over my shoulder. They’re coming for me. I increase my pace. It’s possible that staying in a crowded area might help if it comes to a fight, but it might equally mean nothing if the intent is to stick a knife in my stomach. I have to get away.

I run.

The buildings are tightly packed here, many of the alleyways narrow and dark, despite the raucous, brightly lit main streets. I twist through several quick turns, ducking around people, breath short.

I’m still darting glances behind, beginning to think I may have gotten away, when the hands grab me and wrestle me into the shadows.

I try to shout out but there’s a sweat-salty palm enveloping my mouth; I’m hauled a good twenty feet into the darkness before finally being shoved forward, hard and unexpectedly enough that I sprawl clumsily to the dirt. I growl and roll to my feet, palms stinging from grit, half blinded by the dim.

The alley’s a dead end, that much I can tell immediately. I turn to face my attackers. There’s just the two of them, silhouettes at first against the distant light of the street. One thin, one burly. As my eyes adjust, I start to make out their features. The big one has a crooked nose and scarred lip. The other is a ratfaced man with a weak chin. They’re both completely, grimly focused on me.

“What do you want?” I take a cautious step back, hands outstretched, palms facing toward them. “I only have a little money, but you’re welcome to it.” I fish my coin pouch out and toss it to the ground at the weedy man’s feet.

“We’re not interested in your coin. We’re here to kill you, Catenicus.” His voice is reedy and filled with promise. It’s almost imperceptible in the light, but his eyes begin to flood with black. A moment later, his companion’s do the same.

Vek.

“You know who I am?” My mind races. The use of Will means nothing; the Anguis have shown they’re not above it. Regardless, these men are surely at best Sextii. Maybe only Septimii. Of course, there are two of them. And we’re in a confined space. “At least tell me who wants me dead before we get started.” I’m speaking too quickly, nerves giving me away. Perhaps it will help. Perhaps these two will be overconfident, give me an opening.

“I don’t think so.” My attackers advance as one. I glance desperately past them. People are walking by at the end of the alley, but no one’s looking in here, and the shadows are too deep for them to see anything anyway. I could yell but I can also tell that the noise from the street will easily cover my cries. There’s no point wasting breath.

These men probably have blades on them, but they haven’t drawn them yet.

That’s a mistake.

I charge.

Their reactions are quick; even taken by surprise, the one I’m aiming for—

the smaller one—braces himself enough to avoid getting knocked down. Still, I know where to aim, where to apply pressure. I deliver a sharp punch to his neck before dancing back again, just out of reach of the big man’s swinging fist. I have to stay clear. With Will behind it, one hit could be all they need.

The rat-faced man reels, eyes wide, gurgling as he clutches his throat. His partner twists to look so I abruptly change momentum, darting forward again, ducking my shoulder and barrelling viciously into his torso. He’s heavy but he’s taken by surprise. I slam him into the wooden wall behind, hear the wheeze of air being ejected from his lungs.

I twist, using my impetus to snake between the two. For the briefest of moments, there’s clear air between me and the street.

Then there’s a hand around my ankle, painfully tight. I trip, fall, barely preventing my head from slamming against the cobblestone. I’m being dragged violently backward.

“Rotting little bastard.” It’s the thinner man rasping the words as he pulls me back. The man I slammed against the wall is straightening, too. Surly. They weren’t expecting resistance.

I’m tossed the rest of the way toward the dead end, sliding up against the far wall. Before I can recover there’s a short, swift kick to my ribs, eliciting a moan of pain.

Then I’m being hauled to my feet. I struggle, slapping away hands as best I can but unable to match their strength. There’s a grip on my throat—not squeezing, not yet, but tight enough to make me fearful—and spots behind my eyes, made worse by the sudden unshuttering of a lantern. The crooked-nosed man holds the light close; I squint and shy away, but he forces my face back with a hand clamped on my jaw, and then pries my eyes open. The stinging illumination elicits tears.

“Nothing.” The word’s called out, directed back down the alley.

“Then that’s quite enough. Let him go."

I slide to the ground, gasping my breath back, as the two men abruptly, inexplicably retreat. I blink furiously as two more figures come into view. I’m

still blinded from the lantern. I know that voice, but I’m having difficulty placing it.

“Vis. Are you alright?” The man speaks again, crouching beside me. I shy away, but he makes a calming motion. My eyes adjust.

It’s Praeceptor Scitus.

“Praeceptor?” I stare up at him, eyes still watering. “What… what’s going on?

Why are you here? Who were those men?"

My gaze travels past him. Aequa’s standing a few feet back, leaning up against the wall. She’s not looking at me. Pale, even for her, even in the dim light.

“They weren’t meant to seriously hurt you. I… apologise for the ruse. I apologise wholeheartedly.” The Praeceptor sounds genuine; in fact, he sounds horrified. “That was far more physical than it should have been."

“The ruse?” The word comes out as a hoarse growl, feral enough that Scitus flinches.

“It’s my fault. I didn’t tell him the details.” Aequa uses her back to launch herself upright, looking resolved, if somewhat sickly. “All he knew was that I was going to trick you into using Will."

“What?” I’m still dazed. “You thought… but we’re not allowed…"

Things slide into place. I almost laugh at the notion. Almost.

Aequa thinks—or thought, now, I assume—that I was cheating. Using Will to improve my performance, climb the ranks at the Academy. It makes sense, I suppose. She’s never been able to properly resolve my account of the naumachia with what happened. The more she watched, the more obvious it must have seemed. My win against Ianix. My unexplained absence at the Necropolis. My comfort with the Labyrinth despite, supposedly, no practice.

It would have all looked frustratingly suspicious. Was suspicious, I suppose.

She just guessed at the wrong reasons why.

“I owe you an apology.” Aequa still can’t bring herself to look at me.

“You’re gods-damned right you do.” I croak the words but put bite into them. Partly because I need to look angry at such a serious accusation, and partly because I genuinely feel the anger.

“That’s not all you owe, I’m afraid.” Scitus looks bitterly disappointed as he turns to Aequa, and she shrinks from his gaze. “I let this go ahead because you

were certain, Aequa. You swore."

“I made a mistake—"

“Yes.” Scitus’s voice is iron. “You did. And you staked your ranking on it.” He gestures tiredly to us both. “Come on. Let’s get back to the Column. You’re both done for the night."

We trail after him, me keeping ahead of Aequa, not interested in being anywhere near her.

“I’m sorry. Truly sorry. Please… please don’t tell the others.” Her voice is small. Barely cuts through the noise of the crowd.

We walk the rest of the way in silence.

THE RIDE BACK ON THE Transvect is awkward; though no one else knows what happened, the other Fourths can plainly sense the tension between myself, Aequa, and Scitus. They’re mostly quiet, occasionally murmuring to each other, but otherwise keep to themselves for the entire trip.

Everyone else retires straight to their quarters when we get back, but I need to talk to someone, so I head for the ground floor of the dormitory. Callidus is usually still up at this hour.

I slip inside, making my way through the rows of sleeping students, marvelling a little at how I thought the small, hard-looking cots here were a luxury only a few months ago. Shuttered lanterns burn low but provide enough light to navigate.

When I reach Callidus’s bed, though, he’s not there. Not sleeping and not at his desk, lantern extinguished.

“Looking for Ericius?"

I start, turning to see a dim figure sitting up in one of the cots across the way.

I walk closer, the face of a blond-haired boy I recognise resolving in the dim.

Drusus. “Yes."

“He left five minutes ago. Outside, not to the lavatory. Not sure where he was going."

“Thanks.” I suppose I shouldn’t be surprised at the help, no matter our previous interactions. A lot has changed since I was a Seventh.

I consider waiting, but I’ve nothing to do but sit with my thoughts in the dark. I could use a stroll, even if I don’t find Callidus. Give the muscles still tender from my beating a stretch. With the festival on today, and given the hour we got back, I can’t imagine I’ll find any trouble for being out late.

Outside, the Academy is quiet. Decorations are still up from the celebrations here—flower wreaths draping doorways, colourful banners hanging everywhere —though aside from that, everything remains spotless. I doubt the festivities were anything akin to those in Caten. Petals rustle underfoot and skitter in the breeze across the quadrum as I walk the empty expanse, searching for any hint that Callidus might be nearby. There’s nothing, though. The gymnasium and other buildings are dark.

I frown, curious now. There aren’t that many other areas on campus that Callidus would be headed at this time of night. I doubt he’d risk a trip to the girls’ dormitory; it’s strictly off-limits even during the day, and I’m fairly sure he would have told me if he was interested in anyone there. Still. There, and the parkland in between, is about the only other place I can think to look. I’m not going to get in trouble if I stroll by at a distance.

The crisp night air prickles at every inch of exposed skin as I walk. The Academy’s tree-lined paths are sparsely lit here.

It’s a couple of minutes later that I spot movement.

There are two figures walking at an oblique angle to me, away from my position, heads bowed and clearly deep in conversation. One of them is Callidus.

He’s with a girl.

I falter, suddenly worried I might be intruding. They pass beneath one of the lanterns and I recognise the flash of vibrant red, the mass of curls stretching down to her waist. It’s Belli.

I smirk. “Good for him,” I murmur to myself, retreating a few steps to conceal myself behind the trunk of a tree. I can’t begrudge him the secret. Belli’s probably insisted that he not say anything to anyone, given their respective classes.

I’m about to turn away when something catches my eye. A flick of the wrist from Callidus. I can’t hear anything that’s being said—I’m too distant from the pair for that—but it’s an irritated gesticulation. An angry one, in fact.

I hesitate a moment longer, then leave. Perhaps I’m seeing the end of a relationship, not an ongoing one. Or perhaps I’m completely misreading the situation. Either way, it’s not my business.

I put it from my mind. In a few minutes I’m back in my quarters, and asleep.

THE REST OF THE FOURTHS never find out the cause of the tension between Aequa, myself, and Scitus—I never tell them, anyway—but over the next few weeks, it becomes apparent to everyone that something has irrevocably shifted.

It starts the morning after the festival. We’re in class, learning about the potential decaying of Conditionals relationships. It’s a review class more than anything else, an easing into things before tackling more difficult fare. Scitus has asked a question about mental versus physical degradation in the imbuer themselves, and the potential consequences.

I raise my hand. More out of habit than anything else; it’s to indicate I know the answer, not because I expect to be called upon. Aequa’s hand is up, too, and she always gets preferenced.

“Vis."

There’s a breath of surprised silence. Across the room, Aequa shuts a mouth already open to answer, nonplussed, and lowers her hand.

I take a heartbeat longer than usual to respond, as taken aback as the others.

“Um. Physical degradation of the imbuer doesn’t matter for Conditionals; as long as they’re alive, the Conditional will operate. But the trigger could easily change with mental degradation, depending on the specificity. And even with very specific ones, significant mental lapses can result in a Conditional completely misfiring. That’s why retirement pyramids aren’t allowed to support them."

“Very good.” Scitus acknowledges the answer as satisfactory and moves on, but I can sense the others are staring. Half of them shooting curious, sideways glances at Aequa, the others at me.

The class continues in much the same vein for that day, and the following, and the ones after until it’s clear that it’s not a temporary pattern. I suddenly

find myself being challenged by the questions being asked, pushed by Scitus in ways I wasn’t before. I can no longer drift in class, half pay attention at any point, even if I’m comfortable with the material—because Scitus will always call on me, always probe the edges of my knowledge, trying to determine whether I’ve learned something by rote or can actually apply it to unique situations. Just as he used to do with Aequa.

In the mornings, I start to run the maze with Callidus, despite the unease it brings me. Again, and again, and again. He calls down questions as I run, forcing me to answer at the same time as navigating the twisting passageways. I’m getting faster, more and more adept with the bracer.

I gently probe, from time to time, about Belli. Nothing direct—just leading questions. He never alludes that there’s anything going on, that he has any connection to her beyond knowing who she is. Sometimes I feel a little offended that he doesn’t trust me. Then I remember what I’m keeping from him, and decide not to judge.

My evenings continue with Eidhin, though his Common is good enough now that it’s barely necessary, and I benefit from the study almost as much as he does. He never says more about his past, and I don’t press.

Aequa, for her part, retreats into herself. She avoids me where possible, no longer going out of her way to sit by me, or to make small talk. I don’t make the effort either.

Over all of that, though, the trimester break looms. I’m advancing, improving, getting closer and closer to my goal every day—but I’m nauseous whenever I think about what’s coming. The days pass faster and faster.

And then, three weeks later, I’m bidding Callidus and Eidhin farewell, and joining the Thirds on a Transvect bound for Suus.

OceanofPDF.com

OceanofPDF.com

LII I DREAMED OF GOING HOME so often, that first year after the Hierarchy

came. Sometimes I even thought I was home. I stayed near the ocean because I couldn’t sleep without the lapping of the waves. I kept southward. Sometimes going for weeks without seeing anyone. But I would slumber on the beach, or in a forest nearby, and I would wake to the smell of salt and the hissing slither of water on sand and I would, just for a moment, think I was there again. Camping with my family, maybe. Or simply napping in the afternoon sun.

Then one day, after I remembered where I was, what had happened, I broke.

Wept for hours. There was this ache in me that I’d been pressing down over and over, but even after I’d shed my tears it was still there. A chasm I could never fill.

So I struck inland. I had to get away. Even though it was riskier. Even though I could no longer fish for food, was taking myself increasingly out of my comfort zone. Staying so connected to home, to what I’d lost, was more than I could bear.

It’s been more than three years since then but as our Will-powered ship scythes through the vibrant, brilliant blue toward Suus, my ghosts return. It’s everything—not just the sight but the smells, the sounds, the gentle warmth of the sun against my face. The very idea that in ten minutes or so, I’ll be stepping back onto the land I fled so long ago, again be among the people my family once led. Already there are places I’m envisaging, faces I’m remembering that I’d pushed to the corners of my mind long ago. Will it feel the same, or will it just be another part of the Republic now?

“Vis. Are you alright?"

I ignore my aching chest and paste on a smile, glad that the moisture in my eyes is covered by the sea spray off the bow. Emissa, Indol, and Belli are standing

a little off to the side; Emissa’s the one who asked the question. “I don’t do well on the water,” I lie.

Indol chuckles. “Better than Belli, at least.” Emissa wrinkles her nose at the reminder, while Belli glowers queasily. She didn’t make it to the railing before her bout of retching.

“You’ve been on a boat before?” Emissa stares out toward the island, though it’s clear she’s talking to me.

“Once or twice. My family lived near the Edaro River, just north of Cartiz. I went with my father downriver sometimes to the capital for supplies.” I make a face, selling the hurriedly crafted lie. “It was nothing like this, though."

“The Edaro? I thought that was largely rapids. No good for trade until we dredged it,” Belli observes absently.

Vek. Was it? “The stretch we used was calm enough for a small vessel, as long as you knew what you were doing.” I allow a small pause, as if melancholic. “I didn’t know they’d changed the river."

The others seem to accept the statement. Why wouldn’t they? It’s not something that can be proven. Still, I’m already uneasy. Off-balance, thanks to the steadily growing shape of Suus off the prow.

The conversation drifts away from difficult topics again. Friendly enough.

I’ve gotten to know Indol and Belli a little better after the eleven-hour Transvect journey which deposited us a few miles from the strait. Indol is a perfect Catenan: handsome, confident, the son of Dimidius Quiscil. He’s got a quick wit when it suits him, but he’s often content to sit back and watch the conversation unfold, only chiming in when he has something valuable to contribute. There’s no doubting his intelligence, though. He’s Nequias’s current favourite, the one considered most likely to win the Iudicium.

I should hate him—he’s the closest thing the Hierarchy has to a prince—but I don’t. In fact, somewhat annoyingly, I find myself rather liking him.

Belli is a strange one. Daughter of Quintus Volenis, the Sytrecian governor.

Lineage from the south, though, judging from her pale skin and long red hair.

She’s not unfriendly, exactly, but… absentmindedly condescending, at times.

The other two have offhandedly implied that she’s the smartest among them, the

best strategist. The best at running the Labyrinth, too. She hasn’t tried to correct them.

And then there’s Emissa.

It still feels strange to be so openly companionable with her around others, but she makes no effort to hide the fact that we’ve been friends for a while. The other two don’t seem surprised, either. Her presence, our familiar banter, has been the one thing that has helped take my mind off our destination. Kept me sane.

Our boat draws steadily closer to the shore. I try to focus on the conversation, but my heart can’t help but wrench. Cliffs I used to climb, beaches I used to play on with my sisters. The way the warm, salty wind caresses my face. The crashing and hissing rhythm of the waves.

This was home.

The pier has changed, I notice as soon as it resolves in the distance. It was once a small, wooden thing, sturdy but unremarkable. Now it’s a stone monstrosity, wider and jutting a hundred feet deeper into the ocean, waves railing against its smooth, Will-cut edge. Not just for small boats like this anymore. There’s a whole array of new buildings a little farther away, up the path, where once there was the lighthouse and nothing more. Shops, from the looks of it, set up to trade with the mainland. A few people wander between them. Despite the new scar on the landscape, everything looks peaceful.

I should probably be pleased about that. I’m not sure if I am.

A hard-looking woman with a pockmarked face and tinted glasses greets us on the dock. Indol introduces her as Sextus Auctia, apparently the Dispensator of the Quiscil household. She’s pleased to see Indol, polite to the rest of us as he introduces us over the raucous shouting of fishermen and the lapping of waves.

“The Magnus Dimidius is waiting for you,” Auctia says soon enough, indicating that we should follow. We trail after her. The others looking around curiously. Me, trying not to be overwhelmed.

“It really is beautiful here, isn’t it,” murmurs Emissa to me as we walk.

“It is,” I say softly. Commanding bluffs. Vibrant green forests. Glittering ocean. Growing up, I took it all for granted. Even my memory never quite did these vistas justice.

“I’m so glad my father decided to have the summit here,” enthuses Indol, overhearing us. “I’ve only been once before, and that was a couple of years ago. It wasn’t as nice back then. We needed more security, and a lot of the infrastructure wasn’t as advanced."

I bite my tongue. Taste blood in my mouth.

“I can only imagine,” chimes in Belli, looking around. Not disdainful, exactly, but she doesn’t strike me as one to appreciate natural beauty. “Wasn’t this one of the last places to be civilised?"

“They didn’t use Will at all. It was basically tribal.” Indol grins. “My father was lucky. Several senators wanted the palace, but he was part of the mission to take it. Put in his claim to it a few days after. The Sextus in charge of the island lives there too, but he’s more of a caretaker while we’re away."

My fingernails are digging painfully into my palms. I gaze around under the guise of fascination, unable to look at Indol or any of the others. It’s a little easier to deal with this time, at least; I’ve already been part of a few such conversations since we left the Academy. Casually discussing Suus’s conquering, as if it were a footnote. Belli even described it as “bloodless.” I wasn’t able to talk for near ten minutes after that.

Still. I hate it. I hate the idea that my home is now a holiday destination for senators, I hate that they think of it as ever having been anything less than civilised, and I hate that they’re so nonchalant about what was done to me and my family. Perhaps this was part of why Relucia arranged all this. Maybe she thought it would stoke my passion for the fight again.

At the moment, it’s working. Not even the excited sparkle in Emissa’s eyes can stir anything but ugly feelings.

We walk up the cliffside path—another change; rather than a simple track, there are elegant stairs carved into the stone—and come within sight of the palace.

I stumble.

If only small things have changed below, the building we’re approaching is almost unrecognisable. Gone are the beautiful etchings over the entrances, the ones that relayed the history of my people, the ones my ancestors spent years carving. Gone is the character-filled hewn look of the sandstone.

In its place is a monstrosity. Walls smoothed, polished, and painted garishly in the colours of Caten: orange and white and purple. New friezes decorate the palace’s outside and though they’re just as impressive as any I’ve seen elsewhere in the Hierarchy, they’re nothing to do with Suus. They show Catenan heroes.

Catenan ideals. Catenan victories.

It’s such a slap in the face that I can’t contain my visceral reaction. My breath shortens and I can feel blood rushing to my face, unable to stop noting every gory detail. The palace’s bones remain; the doorways are all in place, the structure is the same size and shape as it once was. Simpler, probably. More expedient to change only the façade.

“Impressive,” murmurs Belli from behind me.

I clasp my hands behind my back to keep them from shaking. I don’t know why I expected otherwise, but the palace… it was Suus’s jewel. More than five generations of my family had lived there. Some part of me thought of it as sacrosanct. Too beautiful to touch, even for Caten.

Aside from the stomach-turning despoilment of my former home, the walk to the palace goes well. I see people off on the horizon, but they never get within hailing distance let alone close enough to recognise me. I hang toward the rear of the group, silent as the others prattle on about what they’re seeing. I’m glad no one asks me anything. If I have to talk, there is no guarantee I can be civil.

We’re ushered inside, and part of me is relieved to find that the interior, at least, remains familiar. The marbled floors are the same. The layout is just as it was, with a grand, winding staircase off the main foyer, multiple doors branching off into separate wings. I’m so caught up in my study that I almost miss the group standing off to the side, waiting to greet us.

“Magnus Dimidius,” says Auctia, bowing slightly in deference. “Your guests have arrived."

There are several men in the party by the stairs, but no mistaking to whom she’s talking: the one stepping forward takes all my attention, and I can tell from the collective intake of breath that I’m not alone. He’s a little over six feet tall, broad-shouldered and handsome, but it’s not just his presence. He exudes power.

Radiates it. Like some kind of instinctive survival mechanism, I can’t take my eyes from him.

“Indol!” Dimidius Quiscil beams as he spots his son, wrapping him in an embrace that feels like it should crack Indol’s bones. The boy’s unfazed, though, laughing and slapping his father on the back as they part again. They seem close.

I keep my breathing steady. This is one of the men responsible for the invasion here, for killing my family. And now he’s sharing a happy reunion with his son. In my old home. My hands twitch as I think about all the different ways I might be able to take him by surprise, right here. It’s probably lucky how quickly I realise none of them will work.

Indol’s introducing us all; the Dimidius is doing the rounds, asking quick questions and generally indicating that yes, Indol’s talked about us, and yes, he’s very impressed by what he’s heard. A senator through and through. I mask my disdain with a force of will I wasn’t sure I had in me. Calm, push the emotions to the side. I’m not a prince of Suus, not anymore. I’m Vis Telimus Catenicus, and Vis Telimus Catenicus is honoured to have been asked here.

“And this is Vis,” says Indol as the two of them reach me.

“Of course! Ulciscor’s boy. Catenicus. I’ve been looking forward to meeting you for some time.” He sticks out his hand, offering me the greeting of an equal.

I can see Indol’s eyebrows quirk a little off to the side. It’s a move meant to honour what I did at the naumachia. One he doesn’t have to make.

I hesitate, almost as much from surprise as anything else. Then, chest close to bursting from reluctance, I clasp his arm and wear a flattered, grateful smile. “An honour, sir. Truly."

It feels like something dies inside me at the words.

“Your father should be here in the next few hours, but I would like very much to carve out some time to talk more with you, too. Perhaps at dinner?"

The Dimidius looks around, including everyone in the statement. “Beginning tomorrow, I will sadly be inundated with matters of state, but I’d be very pleased if you would all join us for a meal tonight."

I don’t say anything, but don’t do anything to signal disagreement with the others’ enthusiastic responses, either.

“Of course, there will be certain rules to follow once tomorrow comes,"

continues the Dimidius. “The eastern wing of the palace will be off-limits to any of you for the next three days. Including you,” he adds with mock-sternness to

Indol, who chuckles good-naturedly. “We cannot be lenient, either, I’m afraid.

Anyone breaking that rule won’t be returning to the Academy. No exceptions."

Quiscil speaks jovially, but there’s something in his voice that changes at that last part, and I can hear the seriousness of it. The others can, too. We all nod.

It’s not until the Dimidius instructs Auctia to show us to our rooms and moves off that I notice the man in his entourage trailing after him. He’s perhaps in his forties. Short, stockily built, with rapidly thinning black hair and the darker skin of a Suus native. In his Catenan uniform and tinted glasses, I almost don’t recognise him.

It’s Fadrique, one of my father’s old advisers. In charge of… trade, I think? An important man.

And one who tutored me, for a time. Who most definitely knew me.

I don’t move, do everything I can not to shrink back. He’s not looking at me.

He saw us come in, though. He must have at least glanced at my face.

I fade to the back of the group, heart constricting, then watch as he leaves with Dimidius Quiscil. He doesn’t look around, doesn’t give any indication that he’s curious about me. Perhaps he didn’t see me—or perhaps, as Relucia predicted, I’m simply unrecognisable. I didn’t place him immediately, after all, and I’ve been on the lookout for familiar faces.

The relief of his leaving is quickly supplanted by icy anger. The man was supposed to be a loyal subject, a friend to my father and my family. And now he’s working for the Hierarchy? He’s a Sextus, too, judging from the glasses.

Surely the highest-ranking position on the island. To be awarded that, he likely would have had to make a deal before my family’s bodies were cold.

“You look a bit dazed."

I jump at the voice by my shoulder. It’s Emissa, amused at my distractedness.

“My first time meeting a Dimidius.” We start after Auctia, who’s showing us to our quarters. I know the way. We’re not heading toward my old rooms—

those would surely be reserved for the senators—but the palace has an extensive guest wing. The passages through the cliffs have some access points there, too, though they’re fewer.

“Impressed?"

“He’s certainly hard to miss.”

She laughs. “That’s one way to put it."

She seems like she expects me to keep the conversation going, but I’m in no mood. We lapse into silence.

I make sure not to lag behind as we walk. Every corner we turn is a reminder of what I’ve lost, but I’m rapidly becoming numb to it, and I can’t afford to get distracted. If I’ve guessed our destination correctly, there’s only one room there with access to the tunnels.

“You can take your pick of these rooms.” Auctia indicates the entirety of the guest hallway as we arrive. It’s adorned in Catenan colours, Catenan tapestries.

“They’re all the same."

I’m slipping past Indol and heading for the third room along before she finishes; it will seem a strange impatience to the others, but nothing more than that. They’re still standing with Auctia when I push the door open.

From the moment I enter, I hate everything about the room. Massive though it feels to me now, I can’t help but remember how much bigger my own quarters were. How much nicer. I can hear the comforting sound of waves through the window, but it’s tainted by the decor: banners and Will-carved furniture, Hierarchy colours everywhere. As if Caten is a plague that has infected everything I love.

I shut the door behind me, not caring if the others will think it rude. Slump against the wall. Slide to the ground. I hold my hands out in front of myself, watching them tremble. Just focusing on them. Trying, trying to get myself back under control.

I don’t think I can do this. I can’t keep up the façade, not here.

My breath comes in gasps, then sobs. I bury my head between my knees, hands clasped over the back of my head, and close my eyes. Let the tears come.

Softly though, in case someone’s just outside. Even my grief has to be stifled.

Minutes pass. The wash of sorrow fades, abates enough for me to grit my teeth and find my resolve again. I just have to get through this. The Iudicium is only four months away. Reach it. Win it. Maybe find a way out from under Relucia’s thumb in the meantime.

Hard, but not impossible. And if I can do it, I can get away from all of this.

I stand, locking the door and finally assessing the room tactically rather than emotionally. There’s a plush-looking bed up against the far wall, a couch and a desk in the corner. Like most outlooks from the palace, the stunning view is from right on the cliff’s edge. No danger of someone walking past and seeing in.

And then there’s the fireplace. Every room along this hall is laid out identically, so there’s nothing unusual about it, nothing to make it visually distinct. But—to my immense relief—it hasn’t been altered, blocked over, or remade. Why would it?

I kneel in front of it. Fireplaces don’t get used often on Suus; even our winters are mild, and it’s only during rare cold snaps that we ever feel the need for heating. I lean in, making sure not to get old soot on my clothing, and fumble around up the chimney.

The hidden lever, small though it is, clicks to the side without too much effort.

The back of the fireplace swings away from me, revealing a yawning black space beyond.

I crouch there, staring, for several seconds. It still works. A piece of my memory the Catenans haven’t touched. I do my best to place where this particular entrance connects to the tunnel system, but I almost never used this one.

Careful again to avoid getting soot on me, I snag the hidden door and pull it shut. No time to explore now, and I still have three days until the majority of the senators leave and the highest ranks hold their final meeting. I’m going to need an excuse to be in here and undisturbed throughout that evening. An illness will probably work best, but it will have to be convincing. I should be seen to be coming down with something for at least a day in advance.

I examine the fireplace to make sure there are no telltale signs of my activity, then unlock my door again. Someone will be coming to fetch us to dinner soon.

For the moment, best to just brace myself for more defiling of my memories, I suppose.

OceanofPDF.com

LIII I’M LYING ON MY BED, staring at the ceiling, when the knock finally breaks the morose hush.

“Vis. Son.” Ulciscor’s enthusiasm seems genuine as I open the door, all the more so for Lanistia being the only other person around. He offers his hand.

“I’m so glad to see you."

“You too, Father.” The nomenclature feels more bitter on my tongue than usual, but I clasp his forearm in familiar greeting, summoning an understanding nod. We can’t talk about anything important, not here. I’m expected to put on a show until whenever we do get a chance to speak in private.

I embrace Lanistia next, kissing her lightly on both cheeks.

“You’re well?” Lanistia asks as I step away again, her dark glasses flashing.

“Well enough. And lots to tell you both."

Ulciscor’s eyes gleam, but otherwise the man hides his excitement well.

“Excellent. But for now, we’ve been told in no uncertain terms that we are not to come to dinner without your company."

“Of course.” I smile wanly and move to pull the door shut.

“Wait! Before we go.” Ulciscor rummages in a pocket, then produces a small, thin box. “A gift from your mother. To let you know how proud she is of your advancement."

I take the slim wooden case, opening it. A beautifully crafted gold-plated stylus lies on velvet within. Stronger Together is delicately inscribed on the stem.

“It’s beautiful. You’ll have to thank her for me.” I duck back into my room and tuck the box into a desk drawer before rejoining the other two. We start walking.

The day’s bright outside the wide archways, blue sky broken only by wisps of white far above. I breathe in as I look out over the view, letting it wash over me, focusing on it rather than the corpse of my home. There are more boats docked on the massive pier below. The senators have started to arrive in number.

We make small talk for the few minutes it takes to walk the near-empty passageways to the dining hall. Ulciscor is excited at my elevation to Class Four —a note of what seems to be genuine pride in his congratulations—and then unabashedly pleased when I briefly tell him about the Festival of Pletuna and Aequa’s attempt to “unmask” my cheating. I’m not sure whether his delight is more at my rapid advancement in the class, or that it’s come at Aequa’s, and therefore Advenius’s, expense.

I try to match his enthusiasm, but my heart’s not in it. Hard to blame Aequa for thinking as she did, regardless of her actions.

We reach the dining hall. Gone is the long table in the centre, replaced by several smaller ones, each surrounded by three broad couches in the Catenan style. The floor has been overlaid with gold and obsidian in an intricate Catenan mosaic. The walls are decked in Catenan art. Catenan sculptures skulk in each corner.

None of the Thirds are here yet. The room’s filled, though, at least two dozen mostly older men split off into groups of two or three as they laugh or murmur together. I recognise only Dimidius Quiscil and his wife, who are reclining on couches around the unmistakeably preeminent table at the far end of the room.

Before I can properly take it in, a senator is introducing himself. He’s Magnus Quintus Omus. I remember the name from Lanistia’s lessons. I politely ask after his holdings in the east. He’s pleased I know who he is.

We speak for a spare few minutes, and then Omus is replaced by the next senator. And the next. And the next. It goes like that for at least the next half hour as Ulciscor shows me to each in turn like a proud father. I do my part.

Smile, shake hands, offer the occasional compliment or other pleasantry. Every single one commends me on my bravery at the naumachia, and most go on to say that they expect to see me doing great things once I reach the Senate. I try to sound enthusiastic in response.

Finally, though, I feel a gentle tap on my shoulder, and turn to find Indol behind me.

“My father has asked that you join us, Vis.” He motions politely with his head toward the far table. Not a slight, but it’s clear the invitation is for me alone.

Ulciscor’s not fazed, urging me away in assent. “We’ll speak later."

“Thanks for the rescue,” I murmur as we head across the room. Finally having a chance to look around again without coming across as bored, I spot Emissa and Belli at a table in the centre of the room. Like everything else in the Hierarchy, the seating arrangements indicate rank, and I’m interested to see that the Thirds are placed between the Quartii and Quintii. Emissa gives me a small wave as she notices my inspection, which I discreetly return.

“Don’t thank me yet,” says Indol cheerfully as he guides me over to his parents.

“Catenicus. Welcome. Please, join us.” The Dimidius’s easy demeanour seems at odds with the power emanating from him; genial though the words are, they still come out an irresistible command.

“It’s an honour, sir.” I perch on the couch indicated, trying to look appropriately flattered. The words are ash in my mouth, but I can’t risk showing him even a hint of my anger. The Dimidius isn’t someone to be trifled with.

“So what do you think of our little island here?” Quiscil asks as Indol moves off to join the other two Thirds, leaving us alone.

“It’s beautiful, sir."

“It is, isn’t it?” The Dimidius looks around, as if admiring the additions he’s made. “It’s come a long way in three years.” Thankfully I’m spared from responding by the arrival of the first course: pheasant, lobster, and raw oysters among the dishes, nothing new to me, but exotic for most Catenans. Even the dinnerware is gaudy, silver encrusted with semi-precious stones. I keep my eyes on the food, worried that if I look up, Quiscil will see my simmering fury.

“I’ve been looking forward to speaking with you, ever since the naumachia."

Somehow both casual and intense. “I’ve heard the stories, of course. Read the reports. But you. You were there. You saw it up close.” He leans back, downing an oyster in one smooth motion. “Tell me everything.”

He means it. He’s not just asking from form. Not going to take what I say at face value, either, I can tell.

The next hour is one of the most tense I’ve spent. Quiscil’s not shy about asking direct, probing questions, which come constant and hard and focused. It doesn’t help that I’m still off-balance, thrown by my surroundings. My answers feel neither quick nor smooth enough, despite the many hours of rehearsal I’ve done to satisfy exactly this sort of grilling. Hopefully the Dimidius just marks it down to my being intimidated.

Though he’s cautious, clever in his approach, it doesn’t take long for me to spot the angle to Quiscil’s interrogation. Of course. He’s not suspicious of me—

he simply wants to know as much as he can about the weapon the Anguis used.

Undoubtedly interested in both finding a defence against it, and acquiring the power for his own means. It’s probably why I got the invitation here in the first place.

Once I realise what he’s after, my answers become easier, even if the nervousness remains. To make matters worse, Fadrique makes several appearances during our conversation, quietly relaying information into the Dimidius’s ear before disappearing again. At least I haven’t spotted anything unusual in his behaviour.

That doesn’t stop my muscles from tightening every time he walks in the room. I’ve been sure not to talk too much in his presence, either. I’ve worked for more than three years on smoothing away my accent, but I’m terrified that hearing my voice might prompt a memory which sight alone hasn’t.

After a while we’re joined by two other senators—both Magnus Tertii, it turns out—but even when the Dimidius’s attention is elsewhere, the dinner’s interminable. The food is all wrong: there’s fish, but it’s broiled in the Catenan manner; fresh clams, but clearly prepared by someone other than a cook from Suus. The Dimidius proudly proclaims the authenticity of the dishes to us, describing some as local delicacies. Tells wildly inaccurate, exaggerated versions of Suus’s history. Regales everyone with stories of the conquest from three and a half years ago, about how bloodless it was, about how eagerly the populace welcomed the advancement of the Hierarchy. Of civilisation.

It takes all I have not to spring out of my seat and leave. To feign enjoyment and play along. Ignore it. Get Relucia’s information. Leave all of this behind. I don’t know how many times I repeat it to myself.

“Vis.” The female voice finally sounds softly in my ear during a break in conversation, accompanied by a light touch on my shoulder. I turn to see Emissa standing behind me. She smiles at me, then addresses Quiscil. “I apologise for interrupting, sir, but I need Vis here to settle a debate between myself and your son. Do you terribly mind…"

Quiscil glances between me and her. “Never keep a lady waiting.” He holds out his hand as I stand, concealing my utter relief. “A pleasure, Catenicus. I trust we will speak more, once the summit is over."

I clutch it firmly. “I look forward to it, sir."

Emissa steers me away. Her eyes dance as she looks across at me. “You know, I think that might be the first time I’ve seen you so utterly uncomfortable."

I wince. “That obvious?"

“No, no. You’re quite good at hiding it. But I could tell."

I glance over at the table where Indol and Belli are sitting. We’re not heading there. “I take it there was no dispute?"

“No dispute. Just boredom."

I grin at that, despite myself, despite the surroundings. “So you’re saying I’m an improvement on those two?"

She makes a vague, indecisive gesture with her hand. “I’m saying you’re different, at least."

I bump her reprovingly with my shoulder, and she grins back.

We wander to a dimly lit corner and stop at an unspoken signal, turning to face the room and observe in a small pocket of privacy. The conversation between us remains light, idle but comfortable. There’s entertainment: a poetry recital which we mock quietly but mercilessly, followed by acrobatics which are surprisingly impressive. At one point Emissa points out a senator whose face looks exactly like the whole roasted turtle being brought out on a platter, and I almost choke on my wine with laughter.

Despite everything, the horror of my surroundings starts to fade, just a little.

My chest doesn’t feel as constricted. Even when we’re not joking about

something, my smiles feel… genuine.

The next two courses go by before there’s movement from the corner of my eye, and I turn to find Ulciscor wandering over to us. “A friend of yours, Vis?"

“Emissa Corenius.” She offers her hand.

Ulciscor clasps it and bows over it politely. “Ah, of course! I know your father. A shame he could not be here. We have had many robust discussions in the Senate.” He beams to show he doesn’t mean it in a negative way. “How are you finding the Academy?"

“Challenging, of course. I’m looking forward to the end of the year and moving into public service."

“No plans for family?"

“I’d prefer to improve my position first. I still have five years before there are tax implications."

“Of course. Of course. My wife was the same.” He nods to her. “A pleasure, Emissa, but I do have to steal Vis away, I’m afraid. There are a lot of senators still anxious to meet him, and they’re only here for a few days.” The last is more for me than her. A slight reproval.

Emissa takes the cue with good grace. “Nice to meet you, Magnus Quintus."

She gives me a final, half-pitying smile farewell, then drifts away back toward where Indol and Belli are sitting, deep in conversation.

Ulciscor watches her go, not moving. “You need to be careful of that one, Vis."

“I know. I am."

“It didn’t look that way.” He finally glances at me. “She was the one who gave you the drink after the Transvect attack."

“She was.” I meet his gaze. Some of the relief I’ve felt while talking to Emissa starts to fade. “I’m being careful."

He studies me for a few long moments. “Alright."

I trail after him back into the fray of senatorial inquisition. Somehow, though the next hour or two lasts an eternity, the evening draws to a close and people begin to retire. I make my excuses as soon as I think is polite. I’m almost blind with weariness—much of it an emotional toll, I know—as I finally get back to

my room, shutting and locking the door behind me. I want nothing more than to collapse onto the bed and shut my eyes. Leave this day behind.

Instead I force back a yawn, light the lamp from my desk and shutter it, and then stumble over to the fireplace.

THE TUNNELS ARE PITCH-BLACK ASIDE from the dim light of my lamp. Smaller than I remember, the sides brushing my shoulders at points. I hurry to the east, wracking my memory at every juncture. I’m not intending to be long in here, but it’s been years, and the Hierarchy knows about these passageways. I need to check there are no guards, no Will-based alarms, no ways blocked off between my rooms and the halls where I expect the senators will hold their summit.

There’s nothing, though, as far as I can tell. Perhaps, with my family dead, the Catenans simply decided these secret ways weren’t worth worrying about. Few others on Suus knew of them, and their one external access is all but impossible to traverse. Hardly a security risk in what is now little more than a holiday home.

The silence weighs on me as I shuffle carefully along, marking the way I’ve come at intersections by scoring small marks on the stone with my dagger. The scratching echoes into the darkness whenever I do so, but it’s a necessary precaution. As much time as I once spent in here, it’s easy to get turned around in the dark.

There are three halls I think would be large enough to accommodate all the senators. Each, thankfully, still have their listening slots: head-height doors that slide soundlessly to the side, blending perfectly with the surrounding stone when closed. Even knowing about these tunnels, the Catenans may never have spotted them. None emit any sound tonight, as expected.

I’m on my way back when I pass the entrance to the Great Hall.

I pause. It makes for a fourth possibility, I suppose. It’s where my father used to sit and accept submissions from our people. Even with all the changes here, I’d be surprised if it was being used for the summit, though. It’s too large, too overwhelmingly grand. There are better spaces for the purpose.

Still, I linger, ear pressed up against its listening slot. Like the others, there’s flat silence.

I should move on, but morbid curiosity drags me over to the door. I crack it.

Peer through. It’s empty, though the lanterns are lit.

I used to spend hours watching my father give verdicts on cases in here. He heard them all himself. Never delegated. When I was younger, he would explain his decision to me after each one. Then the last year before the attack, he started asking me what I thought the verdict should be. Making me explain my reasoning before telling me how he was going to rule. I wasn’t always right—

sometimes I would miss a legal technicality, or misunderstand an aspect of an argument. Sometimes, rarely, we simply disagreed on who was in the right. Most of the time, it was depressingly dull.

The ache in my chest as I miss it is a deep, hollow pain.

As with everything else in the palace, the hall is different now. The familiar furnishings are gone. Like the dining room, Catenan tapestries and statues are everywhere. But the memories remain.

I stand there for a minute. Two. Just being there. Feeling the pain of it, but not wanting to stop.

Eventually, though, there’s some distant sound that snaps me from the moment, sends me fleeing back into the passageways and hurriedly, quietly clicking the hidden door shut behind me.

I go back to my room after that. Melancholy. Drained.

After meticulously cleaning myself and the floor of any sign I’ve been scrambling through the fireplace, I collapse onto the bed. Close my eyes. Today has been a nightmare. Maybe the hardest day I’ve had to endure since the last time I was here.

Still, at least there was one reprieve. I think back on my time with Emissa this evening. Find myself half smiling again at some of her witticisms, a glad warmth in my stomach as I lie there. I don’t know if I could have finished the day sane, if not for her.

Eventually, I sleep.

OceanofPDF.com

LIV

"VIS! BELLI! AREN’T YOU GOING to join us?”

I sit on the dune, arms around my legs, watching the clear blue waves as they glitter in the early morning sun. It’s before breakfast; as little as I wanted to come down here, I know I can’t be seen as disinterested or overly standoffish. Emissa’s waving at us. She and Indol are in light clothing, swimming and splashing in the shallows. Behind me, the palace is hidden just over the high, jagged cliff to the east. I refuse to look toward it.

“I don’t really swim,” I say apologetically as Emissa jogs up.

“Neither do I. It’s shallow enough not to matter. I promise."

I’m not able to be convincingly cheerful. “Thanks, but I’m happy just to sit."

Emissa narrows her eyes at me but then sighs, turning to the girl reclining a few paces away. “Belli? What about—"

“No.” Belli pushes back a long strand of curly red hair, giving Emissa a firm look.

Emissa rolls her eyes. “You two are no fun.” She runs back to Indol.

I lean back, closing my eyes and letting the warmth of the sun caress my face.

There’s no pleasure in the act, though. No pleasure to being here, at the beach where I used to play with my siblings. It was once one of my favourite spots. I can almost see Ysabel doing cartwheels along the sand, or Cari building the elaborate sandcastles that I took far too much pleasure in knocking down.

Instead, a little way along, I see the place where I dragged Cari’s lifeless body to shore. Where I spent too long and not enough time trying to revive her. And then the inlet where I released her body to the sea. Watched it tumble and roll as it was taken by the rip. The last of my world borne away with her.

“Not much of a swimmer?”

I’m shaken from my thoughts, twist to see Belli looking at me with some amusement. She must have seen my expression as I stared out over the water.

I force a chuckle. “Not my favourite thing."

“We have that in common.” She makes a disdainful motion. “It’s fine while you’re actually in the water, but the sand afterward… ugh."

“Exactly.” Not something that’s ever bothered me, but Belli’s so aloof, I’ll take any chance I can get to connect with her. “You’d prefer to be inside at a game of Foundation, I take it?"

“Something like that.” She looks over at me curiously. “Do you know how to play?"

I almost laugh aloud at the presumption, though I suppose it does make a small amount of sense: most orphans would have neither time nor inclination to learn the game. “The basics.” I’ve seen her in action on several occasions now: she’s technically proficient but has none of the inventiveness of a great player, makes no moves that I couldn’t see old Hrolf having made.

“Do you want a game?"

I wave my hand to indicate hurried refusal. “I’ve seen you play. I’ve got no interest in being humiliated, thanks.” I smile to show it’s meant as a compliment. Skill at Foundation is valued almost as highly as being able to run the Labyrinth, in the Academy. There’s no point revealing I can play until I can take full advantage of it.

Belli shrugs and resumes her observation of the others.

“Did you ever play Callidus, when he was in Three?” It’s not planned, but I’ve been wondering about their relationship since seeing them together after the Festival of Pletuna. A gentle prod won’t hurt. “He’s mentioned that he enjoys the game."

It’s subtle, almost imperceptible, but Belli tenses. “Ericius? Rotting gods, no.

What a waste of time that would have been. There’s a reason he’s a Seventh."

“He’s smarter than that."

“He never showed it when he was with us. And why else would he be in Seven?” She glances over.

“You’re wrong about him.” There’s something off about Belli’s words. I don’t think she’s faking her dislike of Callidus—my presumption of romantic

involvement was, I’m rapidly realising, wildly inaccurate—but she’s watching my reactions too closely.

I lose whatever I was going to say next as I spot movement at the far end of the beach, a single figure trudging toward us across the sand from the palace path. It’s Fadrique, the man’s balding head and broad shoulders distinctive even from a distance.

“Looks like we’re being summoned,” I observe to Belli, trying to tamp down my uneasiness.

The red-headed girl turns to lazily observe Fadrique’s approach, then gives a grunt of what I suspect is relief. “Time to go!” she shouts at the two in the shallows.

Emissa runs up, long hair dripping and shining in the sun. Her clothes cling to her.

“Have fun?” I keep my eyes firmly on her face.

She flicks water at me playfully. “I did. I haven’t been swimming in… I don’t know how long.” She leans close, lowering her voice so that only I can hear. “I was thinking of maybe sneaking out after dinner and coming back, actually. If last night is anything to go by, it will certainly be warm enough."

I glance at her. There’s the hint of an invitation there. It’s undeniably tempting, but I need the evening to try the tunnels again, to make sure the summit is actually being held where I expect it to be. “More swimming. Enjoy that."

She grins back, though I don’t think I’m imagining the glimmer of disappointment in her eyes.

Everyone’s gathered by the time Fadrique arrives, allowing me to keep myself positioned at the back of the small group. I can see my father’s former adviser mentally checking off that we’re all present once he reaches us. He doesn’t pause when he looks at me.

“Your father thought it would be instructive to break fast in town today,” he says eventually, addressing Indol. “You won’t have many opportunities to see the island once your training starts.” Despite this being a month away from the Academy, I’ve been left under no illusions as to what we’ll be spending most of

our time here doing. As Belli bluntly noted when I questioned it, “We don’t want to let you Fourths catch up."

Indol looks around at the rest of us and, seeing no objections, gestures. “Lead the way, Sextus."

I try not to let my concern show as we start along the beach toward the main township. Risking Fadrique’s presence is one thing, but mingling with the people of Suus is quite another. I often travelled into town with my father, who always insisted that a king was useless if he did not spend time among his people.

Too many of them knew me by sight.

But I can’t think of a way out, either. It’s too early to fake illness; if I play that card now, its efficacy tomorrow night will be greatly reduced. And multiple days of being bed-ridden will raise questions, draw more attention than I would like.

A single day and evening, and I may not even have to fake symptoms to the local physician.

So instead I fix on Fadrique’s back as he prattles cheerfully to us about the wonderful changes that have been made in town since the Hierarchy came. It’s all I can do to prevent my hands balling into fists. My father trusted this man.

My family trusted him.

“A bit disturbing, isn’t it,” murmurs Emissa from beside me.

I blink, then follow her gaze ahead, where I suspect she thinks I was staring.

Belli is talking to Indol, walking close to him. Very close. The Dimidius’s son looks distinctly uncomfortable.

“Oh, I… oh. When did this happen?"

“Last night. I think we may have accidentally done Indol a disservice, leaving him alone with her for so long.” She shakes her head solemnly.

I choke back a laugh. “We’ll have to apologise later. How did we not notice?"

“Well. I did, after I went back to them. You had admirers of your own to fend off, I suppose,” Emissa says cheerfully.

“Hm.” I watch the two of them. “You don’t think Indol might be a little bit interested?"

Emissa hides a smirk. “No. Trust me."

We’re entering the township. It’s grown since the expansion of the port, main streets paved, a hundred similar-looking stone houses dotted around its

outskirts. The streets are busy, horse-drawn wagons moving alongside Willpowered ones, many of them taking timber down to the docks for transport.

Trade was always Suus’s primary source of wealth, and it seems the Hierarchy has worked hard to increase it over the past few years.

Fadrique continues to tell us pointless facts about Suus, though at least these ones are accurate. The streets here are eerily familiar, but the weary faces are not.

There’s a mechanical torpor to the bustle. My people were a people of verve, of passion, of cheer and laughter as they toiled. Now they’re Octavii. Enough energy to work. Not enough to find the joy in it.

Finally we stop in front of a tavern I recognise: an institution in Suus that overlooks the harbour. I’ve been here before. It once wore the royal insignia over the entrance. Only empty wood remains in the space it used to be.

“The finest food in Suus,” Fadrique assures us as we’re urged through the doors. There are a few people reclining on benches outside, and though Fadrique doesn’t seem to notice, the glares they give him are anything but friendly.

The interior of the tavern is spotless, bright and cheerful, with large windows to the water letting in plenty of morning light. Several customers lounge at tables. At the sound of the door opening a huge man emerges from the back, broom in hand and a broad smile on his face, despite the telltale dark bags of an Octavii under his eyes. He’s Suusian through and through: sun-browned skin, broad shoulders, and gleaming white teeth. The last disappear as soon as he sees Fadrique. “You’re not welcome here."

Fadrique laughs awkwardly at the blunt, and clearly honest, statement.

“Now, now, Menendo. I was just telling the Dimidius’s son and his friends about how things have changed since our transition to the Republic."

Menendo’s eyes rake over us, and I swear there’s a flicker of hesitation when he looks at me. My heart stops, but he moves on, his scowl progressively deepening. “You mean since the invasion? The one where they hanged our king and his family like common criminals in the square? Is that what you’re talking about, Fadrique?” The broom in his hands is looking more and more like a weapon.

Thankfully, everyone’s so focused on the innkeeper that they don’t see the way my face drains of blood at his words. Don’t see how I’m light-headed with emotion, just for a second, before I can recover myself.

Indol steps forward smoothly. “Sir, please. We don’t want to cause trouble.

We’ve been told that you serve the finest—"

“Get out."

Indol’s lip twitches. He draws himself up, affronted. “I am the son of Dimidius—"

“I said get out.” The calmness in Menendo’s voice is more menacing than a shout could ever have been.

I can’t help but drink it in. This is what I’ve been waiting to see, have been desperate to see, since I arrived. Menendo will get in trouble for this, but he doesn’t care. He hasn’t forgotten my family. He hasn’t forgotten Suus. There’s a lump in my throat at the realisation.

“Come on.” Fadrique is flushed, glaring but retreating. I notice for the first time that almost to a man, the other patrons’ expressions are stony as they watch Fadrique. It seems the man’s far from popular.

Indol looks like he wants to argue the point, but Emissa tugs on his arm, and then we’re leaving.

“That was unacceptable!” Indol fumes once we’re outside. I can see the others looking varieties of outraged and shocked, too. “When my father hears of this—"

“Let me speak to him about it. Please.” Fadrique says it quickly. “This is my fault. My mistake in bringing you here. Menendo’s a stubborn man. I should have known he would react that way."

Indol’s mouth twists, but he relents.

We find our meal elsewhere, after that—a small shop run by a Catenan citizen suits our needs—and though our shoddy treatment is the topic of much offended discussion for a while, eventually everyone seems to forget about it.

Soon enough the conversation turns to our plans for training, the areas to be focused upon hotly debated. My opinions, when I bother to voice them, are largely disregarded. For all their friendliness over the past couple of days, it’s clear they all still very much see me as a Fourth.

I’m not bothered by the discovery at all.

For the first time since we got here, I feel just a little bit like I’m home.

OceanofPDF.com

LV THE SUN’S GOLDEN GLOW HAS long since disappeared by the time I get

the opportunity to head back to my quarters again. I walk the open palace hallways alone. It’s a clear night and the moon is already rising, its reflection a silver smudge on the swells far below. I glance across at it and shiver, memories sharp.

I’m weary tonight. Training with the Thirds began not long after our morning meal, and barely let up throughout the day, reminding me more of Lanistia’s brutal schedule than anything I’ve experienced at the Academy thus far. A constant mixture of physical and mental exertion, sparring moving on to an economics debate followed by a run that had my lungs burning by the end.

After which, the other three—who barely seemed to be breathing hard—

proceeded to quiz one another on imbuing mathematics that I could follow, but not meaningfully discuss.

As well as I’m doing in Class Four, there’s still more than a small gap between me and the Thirds.

Exhausted though I am, I know I’m hours away from sleep. The senators will be talking well into the night, so this will be a good opportunity to find out which hall is being used, test how well I can overhear them, and then listen in for a while. Relucia may not care what’s being discussed over these first few days, but that’s because she can find out from Ulciscor. And she won’t tell me anything she doesn’t think I need to know.

I’m lost in thought as I round the final corner to the guest wing, starting a little at movement up ahead. It’s Indol, looking as fresh as if he’d just woken, strolling in the opposite direction.

“You kept up well today,” he says as we come closer, his genial demeanour indicating he means no offense.

I chuckle. “It was a little harder than I’m used to."

“You’ll adapt. Everyone does. Gods, even Sianus managed it.” He claps me on the back. I’ve always wondered whether his effortless charm is something he cultivates for the sake of the others, but it’s no less prevalent because we’re alone.

He goes to move on, then hesitates. “I wanted to apologise. About this morning."

I frown. “For what?"

“The way we were treated.” A shadow passes over his face. “As soon as the summit’s over, I’ll be having a word to my father about that innkeeper."

“That’s not necessary.” When he looks at me quizzically, I shrug. “Send too many of them to the Sappers, and the whole island will be in an uproar. Your father has to walk a line between respect and control. We all understand that."

Indol nods slowly. “I suppose. Yes. Thank you for reacting so well.” He’s feeling some of the burden of hospitality here, evidently. He glances out the window, toward the ocean. Smiles slightly. “You’re not taking Emissa up on her offer of an evening swim, I see?"

I shrug again, this time uncomfortably, though I cover it with a sheepish smile of my own. “I’m not sure it was exactly an invitation. But I’m exhausted, anyway."

Indol chuckles. “Wouldn’t stop most people. And that lagoon is very private."

I start to respond, but the words stick in my throat. “Lagoon?"

“You know—the one along the beach where we were today. She said she was going to sneak out and—"

I’m running before he finishes, leaving whatever else he was going to say behind.

I do the calculations as I sprint to the palace entrance; the hallways are mostly empty, but I have to skid around a few Octavii here and there, who give me surprised looks but make no attempt to stop me. The tide’s going out. The riptide will be strongest right now. And as far as I know, no one’s warned Emissa. I certainly haven’t heard anyone mention it—though this morning

when the tide was coming in, the danger wasn’t there, and so perhaps no one thought of it.

The strongest swimmers I’ve known were never a match for that current.

And Emissa, by her own admission, hasn’t swum properly in years.

Only moonlight illuminates the clifftop, but I run it at full speed, relying on memory as much as sight to guide my feet. I slip a couple of times on loose shale, treacherously risky given the steep drop on the left. When I finally reach the path leading downward, I skid to a halt, scan below. I’m a long way away, but this is the best vantage point.

For a long few seconds, there’s just smooth water, oily in the night.

Then I see her. A dark shape struggling, floundering pointlessly against the current. If she wanted any chance at all, she’d be trying to swim along the coastline, out of the rip. It won’t drag her under; if she simply floats and waits for help, I’ll be able to reach her. But she doesn’t know that.

I can’t make it down to the beach, then out to her—that will take minutes she doesn’t have.

Fear energising me, I sprint for Aznaro’s Bluff. The rip will drag her past there, and we used to dive from it as children. Occasionally. It’s a fifty-foot drop to the water. We’d do it in daylight, with someone else present. And we never told our parents.

I track Emissa’s shape as I run, willing her to keep her head above water. She’s still thrashing. Splashing wildly. She’s fit and healthy, but with the energy she’s expending, I don’t have long.

I reach the bluff and jump without breaking stride.

Prepared though I am, the drop lurches my stomach into my chest.

Everything crystalizes. I stiffen and point my feet at the water, noting Emissa’s struggling form, almost absently calculating where she’s heading. I’m still going to have to swim for her. And I can only see her head now. She’s fading.

The impact is sharp, but I can see clearly and I’m prepared for it, embracing the chill of the water and orienting myself quickly. As soon as my descent slows, I push upward. My tunic’s dragging me down. I keep calm, strip it off and propel myself again. Eager for air by the time I break the surface, but not desperate.

I immediately strike out at an angle, toward where I know Emissa’s being swept. The swells are thankfully light tonight, but I can’t see her; I’m almost at the point of panicking when I register a weak splash about fifty feet ahead, followed by gurgling gasps.

I reach her in less than a minute. She’s flailing, half sobbing and half choking; when she realises I’m there she has a renewed rush of energy, clinging onto me.

Her nails score my shoulder.

“Emissa! Stay calm!” She’s dragging me down. I sputter as I inhale water, trying to keep my voice stern and gentle at the same time. More panic will only make things worse. I grip her tightly, force her to make eye contact. “We’re fine, but you need to stay calm."

“Vis?” She coughs the name, as if not believing what she’s seeing, and for a moment I think she’s not going to listen. But then something in her takes control. She adjusts her grip on me so that I can hold her up.

“Just keep your head above water.” I’ve been caught in the riptide, too; the shore’s already significantly farther away. “We need to swim along the shoreline, get out of this current first. Don’t swim against it."

We eke our way out of the rip; it’s hard to tell when we’re free but at some point, I realise Suus isn’t getting any more distant. That’s good. As much as I’m trying to project composure, I was already more than a little concerned at just how far back we were going to have to swim.

The next hour is a nightmare of straining through dark swells, stopping constantly to tread water or float in an effort to conserve strength, supporting Emissa as much as I can, fearful that if I let go she’ll simply sink. Her panic’s well past, now, and she’s doing everything she can to help, but she’s exhausted. Barely hanging on.

I try to place where we are as the cliffs of Suus finally grow larger. We’ve drifted east, to where the wind-blown bluffs meet the sea. There’s no beach here, but I don’t think I have the strength to get us to one. There are caves nearby, ones my siblings and I used to explore by boat. They will have to do.

Eventually we get close enough for me to spot a deeper darkness in the towering stone: only a few feet wide, little more than a crack, but I remember it.

It opens up inside. Will be dry and out of any wind that might start up. The

night’s warm enough and the water isn’t anywhere near freezing, but there will be no way to dry ourselves.

“In there?” Emissa baulks as she realises where I’m pulling her toward, but either from trust or simply exhaustion, she doesn’t resist. We paddle through into the darkness. Almost immediately there’s stone in front of me and I’m hauling myself up, bare stomach scraping against the jagged edge, then using the last of my strength to pull Emissa after me. We both collapse onto our backs, gasping relief. Water splashes only inches from our feet, echoing through the chamber. This place is smaller than I remember. But the tide’s still going out.

We’re safe enough.

Our rasping breathing rattles around the space for a while, that and the waves the only sound. Eventually we both quieten. My eyes have adjusted to the dim; the moon’s reflecting off the water at the mouth of the cave, providing enough light to see. I glance across at Emissa. She’s awake. Just staring up into the darkness. She flinches as she senses my movement.

“Are you alright?” I ask it as gently as I can.

She nods. Barely more than a spent lifting of her head. “I’m sorry,” she whispers.

I can’t help but cough a laugh. “For what?” I prop myself up on one side, facing her. “It’s not your fault."

She bursts into tears.

I stare, frozen, unsure how to react. Then I lever myself into a sitting position and shift over to her, taking her hand awkwardly in mine. She responds by sitting, too, and throwing her arms around me. She’s shaking, her face buried in my shoulder.

We just sit like that. After a while her trembling stops, her breathing eases. I realise, with a soft chuckle, she’s fallen asleep.

I lay carefully back on the stone, keeping her head on my shoulder. She doesn’t stir.

Uncomfortable a bed though it is, I’m asleep within moments too.

SUNLIGHT’S BOUNCING OFF WATER AND rippling onto the cave roof when I open my eyes again.

It takes me a bleary instant to remember where I am, what happened last night. Emissa’s gone from her position beside me. I groan as I stir, every muscle reminding me of why people don’t have stone beds.

There’s movement from just behind, and then Emissa is settling beside me, looking out through the cave mouth over the glittering water. She doesn’t say anything for a time, then turns to me. Smiles. “I thought you said you didn’t swim."

I smile back. “I said didn’t, not couldn’t."

She holds my gaze. “Well I’m glad you can, then. Thank you."

I’m suddenly aware of how close we are. Only a foot between our faces. I flush, looking at the water. “Are you alright?"

“Hungry. A bit tired. Nothing to complain about.” She’s still looking at me, still close. “Where are we?"

“I’m not sure.” I indicate the sun. “East side of the island? We might have to swim again to get to a beach. I couldn’t see one last night. If we wait for low tide, though, there might be enough shallows to just wade around."

“Either way, at least we can stay right by the shore. Take it slowly. It doesn’t look too rough out there.” Emissa doesn’t sound as confident as her words, but I’m glad she’s already come to the same conclusion. “Lucky you saw this cave. It just looked like a crack in the cliff, to me."

“Lucky Indol mentioned you were going to the lagoon.” I hate lying to her right now, but I have to cover myself. I made decisions last night that are going to look awfully suspicious. “I heard one of the locals talking about the rip there yesterday, how dangerous it was. I used to swim with my father when we went down to the coast—there were rips there too, and he was always worried about them. I should have said something.” I hunch forward. Frown through the opening in front of us as I consider what else I did. Knowing it was safe to leap from Aznaro’s Bluff is hard to explain, but I can pass it off as simple recklessness.

What I’ve just said should cover most of the rest.

“You couldn’t have known.” Emissa lays a hand lightly on my arm. My skin tingles at her touch. I know I should pull away; I can hear Ulciscor’s warnings

ringing in my ears. But I don’t.

There’s an abrupt intake of breath from Emissa; when I turn to see what’s wrong, she’s just staring at me. At my shoulder. Carefully, she puts pressure on my arm, compelling me to twist away. I resist as I understand what’s caught her attention, then realise there’s no point. Reluctantly turn my back to her.

“How?” she whispers, aghast.

I don’t reply for a long moment. “The orphanage."

“They did this to you? That’s… that’s barbaric.” Real anger creeps into her voice as she processes.

“It’s just the way things were.” I keep my tone neutral. Give her another second to examine the scars, then deliberately point them away from her again.

“It’s in the past."

Emissa watches me. Sad, but not pitying. “Alright.” She looks like she wants to say more, but she sees something in my expression. “Alright."

Something loosens in my chest. I go back to sit beside her. Neither of us talk for a while.

“You think they’ll be worried about us?” I finally ask. The sun’s already indicating mid-morning, and the four of us were supposed to start training at first light.

“Not for a while. They’ll probably just make assumptions."

“Ah.” We exchange half-rueful grins. “Well. Indol might wonder, at least, after the way I rushed off on him last night. If he’s worried enough to go to his father—"

“He won’t. Indol hates his father."

“What?"

“They put on a good show, but that’s all it is."

“I don’t believe you."

“You will once this year’s done."

I glance at her curiously and she flushes, looking angry at herself. A pause, then, “Indol’s not going to serve in Military when he graduates.” It’s a reluctant admission.

“What?” I’m sure I’ve misheard. It would be strange for any graduate of the Academy not to join their family’s faction. For the first son of the Dimidius of

Military not to do so is unthinkable.

She gives a brief chuckle at my reaction. “That’s what I said when he told me.

He’s moving across to Religion, apparently. Wouldn’t say why. I have some guesses, but…” She looks at me warningly. “You can’t say anything. And if you do, he’ll just deny it."

“Of course.” I rub my forehead. “Rotting gods. That’s a big thing to tell."

“I guess he must like me."

“I meant, to tell me."

The corners of Emissa’s lips curl upward as she shrugs. “I guess I must like you,” she says softly.

She leans in, cautious. Head bowed so that her forehead almost touches mine. Her breath’s warm on my face.

I know, somewhere in the back of my mind, that I should pull away.

I kiss her.

There’s sea salt on her lips as we stay like that for a few heartbeats, awkward and sweet and soft. Despite the past few days, despite everything, I feel giddy.

Light-headed, short of breath, and delighted. We eventually part, drawing back only a little, gazes meeting. Her eyes are lit by the reflecting water, bright and vibrant green.

“Finally,” she murmurs, and leans in again.

LOW TIDE, IN A LOT of ways, comes too soon.

It’s a clumsy journey around the edge of the cliff; the stone’s rough and slippery, and we’re constantly buffeted by breaking waves. But it’s not dangerous. There’s a newfound lightness to everything; falls that would have been frustrating are cause for laughter and teasing, excuses to be caught or hauled up close by the other. We’re tired and progress is slow as the sun burns high overhead, but neither of us mind. The terror of last night seems a distant memory.

By the time the sloping sands of Solencio Beach come into view, though, I’ve had some time to think. What I’ve already said to Emissa should account for most of my apparent local knowledge, but I need to ensure Indol hears the same

sooner rather than later. Suspicion is easy to prevent, far harder to dispel. I cannot risk allowing it to take root.

The fishing village off Solencio Beach is small, all locals but no one I recognise; soon enough we’re being given a hot meal and dry clothes, both Emissa and I promising repayment once we reach the palace. The Octavii here aren’t thrilled to find Catenan citizens washing up on their shore, but nor are they unkind. Exactly the response I’d hope for from my people. My good mood is brightened by their generosity of spirit.

I’m saved having to explain how I know my way back to the palace by a fisherman who offers us transport to the main harbour. He’s a cheerful fellow, sun-burned, bare-chested, and rugged, his constant stream of chatter on the hour-long journey an indication that he’s more than pleased at the company. I think he spots the way we look at each other, stand together, though neither of us is trying to make it obvious. His smiles are too knowing to be directed at anything else.

My lightness of spirit—only buoyed by the trip, the sun on my back, sea spray wafting as our small vessel scythes through the waves—inevitably dampens as we come in sight of the rebuilt jetty of the harbour, along with the anchored mass of slick Will-powered ships that brought the senators. I’ve found a moment of joy here with Emissa, but it doesn’t change anything. I still have a job to do.

So by the time we’re stepping off the boat, I’ve noticeably coughed a few times. When we’re ushered into the palace to the at first amused, then horrified expressions of Indol and Belli as we explain what happened—minus some details —I make sure to let my throat go hoarse. Sway on my feet, look grateful for the opportunity to sit.

I bravely wave off the concerns of the others, including Emissa. Smile wanly and assure them it’s just weariness. But once dinner is complete, I don’t object to being directed to get an early night. Which, to be fair, is not part of the act.

I’m sorely tempted to scout the tunnels again once I’m back in my room—

I’ve already lost one night, and if I discover the meetings aren’t being held where I expect, I won’t have time to come up with a solution—but Ulciscor and the other senators will hear about our exploits once the meetings end today. The risk of getting a visit is too high.

My caution proves wise when a gentle knock pierces my consciousness sometime later in the evening.

I don’t have to feign lethargy as I stumble over to the door. The moon has risen outside the window. It’s late.

“You’re awake. Good.” Ulciscor assesses me as I open the door wider once I see who it is. “Are you well?"

“Could be worse,” I say noncommittally, giving my voice a slight rasp.

Ulciscor enters. Lanistia’s close behind, impassive, dark glasses reflecting the silvery light. Once they’re inside I shut and lock the door again. Ulciscor is using the excuse of checking on me, but he’ll no doubt take the opportunity to talk about more sensitive things.

“Well. Congratulations. You’ve managed to get all the senators here talking.

Again.” Ulciscor sounds as though he doesn’t know whether to be impressed or exasperated as he slumps onto my bed. “Risking your life to pluck a drowning girl from the ocean. One who, if she had died, would have let you straight into Class Three. A hero straight from a gods-damned saga."

I stare blearily at him. “I… apologise?"

He glares, then sighs and waves his hand wearily. “I thought I told you to stay away from her."

“I didn’t think that extended to letting her die."

“It didn’t,” interjects Lanistia, with a reproving look in Ulciscor’s direction.

Ulciscor nods, and I wonder if I’m imagining the motion’s reluctance. “I wouldn’t ask that of you. But word is already getting around that the two of you seem more friendly than ever, since you got back. And I know how friendly you already seemed two nights ago."

I flush. “I’m being careful."

Ulciscor sighs again. “Make sure you are, Vis.” He glances around, as though checking the room for some hidden listener. “Now. After the Festival of the Ancestors. Did you make it to the ruins?"

The extra tension in Ulciscor’s voice betrays his anxiousness. He’s been wanting this conversation since I left the Necropolis.

“I did. It didn’t go quite as planned, but… I saw it. Saw what I think Caeror was trying to tell you about, what Veridius and Religion have been hiding.”

I relate my journey and experience at the red dome in as much detail as I can, making sure to appear weak and tired, preparing for my apparent onset of illness tomorrow. Ulciscor just listens with head bowed, occasionally glancing up at me, otherwise moving only to take off his cloak as the room heats up with three bodies in it. His arms bulge as they jut from his tunic. His deep brown eyes return to studying the stone floor once he’s done, but I can tell he’s devouring every word.

Lanistia, true to form, barely reacts to anything I say. Not even when I explain about Artemius and Elia, about how their eyes were like hers.

When I finish, Ulciscor exhales, brow furrowed into the silence. Thinking.

“You’ll have to run it. At the Iudicium, I suppose, would be easiest."

The words hang in the air, punctuated by the distant, echoing waves below. I don’t react for several seconds, certain I’ve misheard, or misunderstood, or that he’s joking. But he continues to look dourly at the floor, silhouetted against the glistening swells out the window beyond.

“You heard what I just said, right? About Artemius being torn apart by whatever it is down there?"

“I did."

My confusion turns to anger. “No. I’ve held up my end of the bargain, and —"

“You have done no. Such. Thing.” Ulciscor stands abruptly, his voice low.

Harsh. “I asked you to find out what happened to Caeror. What you’ve done is describe to me places Caeror might have been. Now, if you find proof of how he died—something you can bring to me, something I can then take to the Senate —before the Iudicium, then I absolve you of this. But if you do not, then it’s what you need to do. This is what will fulfil your obligation to me. Do it, and you can truly be of House Telimus. Or not. You will be free to go wherever you wish upon graduation, with no interference from me.” He looks at me, all cold determination. “It can’t save you, you know. This reputation you’ve been cultivating. Fail, and I will put you in a Sapper. No one will stand in the way of my rights as your father, and I’ll still have that right for weeks after the Iudicium is over. Have no doubt that I will exercise it.”

I gape. Stunned. So that’s why he’s been short with me tonight, why he wasn’t pleased about me saving Emissa. He still feels like he’s losing control of me.

“I… I’m not good enough at the Labyrinth. I’ll die,” I stutter eventually.

“Then improve. You still have four months."

“Lanistia. Say something.” I turn to her, pleading for her to talk some sanity into the Magnus Quintus.

Lanistia sighs. “He’s right."

“You see, Vis? You just—"

“Not you. Him. Vis is right.” Lanistia’s voice is steady as she turns to Ulciscor. “He’s done what you asked of him. We have information we can work with now."

Ulciscor glares at her. “We won’t get this opportunity again.” He turns back to me. “I am sorry, Vis. I understand that this is dangerous. But I asked you early on whether you were willing to risk your life. You said yes."

I’m lost. Speechless. For perhaps the first time, I’m seeing the depth of Ulciscor’s obsession—or at least, that his determination to find out what happened to his brother far outweighs any concern he may have for me.

“I suppose I don’t have a choice, then.” Bitter and dazed, the illusion of having achieved enough with that brutal journey to the ruins dashed. The heaviness of this place and my position here, briefly forgotten, returns to smother me.

“No. You don’t.” Ulciscor rubs his face tiredly. “We’ve already spent too much time in here with you. I doubt we’ll have the chance to talk again like this before I leave the island. Maybe not before the Iudicium, in fact. So is there anything else you need to tell me?"

I shake my head numbly.

He clasps me briefly by the shoulder. Grim. “Then gods guide you for the next four months, Vis."

He leaves, not looking back.

Lanistia moves to follow him, but pauses at the door.

“You picked up the Labyrinth faster than most I’ve seen. Train hard. You can make it through.” She lowers her voice even further. A whisper of emotion in it.

“Don’t die."

She follows Ulciscor, leaving me alone once again.

OceanofPDF.com

LVI IT’S NOT HARD TO CONVINCE everyone of my supposed illness the following day.

I’ve been wide awake for much of the night, fretting; my red-rimmed eyes and sluggishness during our morning sparring on the beach help sell my story, even before I start coughing. Spending time with Emissa—who, happily, seems to have recovered well after a good night’s sleep—is a brief balm, but even that can’t dispel the spectre of Ulciscor’s demands.

When I struggle to rise and then feign a stagger after the meal, Emissa tells me in no uncertain terms that I need to go and rest. The others smirk and make loudly whispered comments about our relationship, but we ignore them and I reluctantly accept her advice.

Back in my rooms, I draw the curtains and lock the door. It’s tempting to actually get some sleep—I’m genuinely still very tired—but if there’s an unforeseen issue, I need to give myself as much time as possible to get around it.

And no one is going to disturb me. The senators are still ensconced, and the Thirds will be training all day.

I’m pleased to discover the senators in the Lesser Hall, one of the locations I’d guessed at for the summit. I make three trips there throughout the day. Their discussions filter through to the tunnels clearly, and I sit by the hidden slot for an hour at a time, just listening. It’s largely dull. A combination of arguing over how to outmanoeuvre the other senatorial pyramids, and arguing over internal politics. Occasionally I hear Ulciscor lending his voice to one side or another, though it’s always with a crowd and he’s never afforded the chance to speak alone.

None of it is useful. But I’m at least confident I’ll be able to overhear the meeting tonight.

I emerge from my quarters just before dinner, making sure to look as dishevelled and drained as possible. Not hard, given I’ve still barely slept. Better to present myself now, show I’m still unwell, rather than risk an unexpected visit later tonight by anyone who’s wondering. I speak briefly with the Thirds—

mostly to Emissa, who I reluctantly refuse when she asks if I’d like company for the evening, insisting that I’ll almost certainly be asleep—and then go down to the docks to see Ulciscor and Lanistia off. Ulciscor embraces me in front of everyone, as if I am truly his son. Lanistia looks on impassively.

I watch them sail away against the setting sun, and wonder if they expect to see me again.

Back in my rooms, I lock the door and shutter my lantern. Grab a couple of wax tablets and a stylus from the desk, though I leave Relucia’s “gift” in its box.

It’s time to find out what, exactly, she’s so willing to risk my life for.

VOICES TRICKLE INTO THE TUNNEL as soon as I inch the Lesser Hall’s listening slot open. I exhale when one of them is Dimidius Quiscil’s. It seemed a safe assumption that the remaining senators would continue to use this room tonight, but there was no guarantee of it.

I settle down by the opening, and wait.

It’s a jumble of voices for the first two hours. Some idle rumblings about a proposal for land reform being pushed by some minor Military patrician, but otherwise just polite small talk. People asking after other people’s families.

Remarking on how beautiful the weather is here. Exchanging stories about their trips up, bemoaning the lack of a direct Transvect, and generally commenting on the need for proper civilisation in this part of the world. I ignore the latter. I’ve heard it from the Thirds more than enough since we arrived.

Finally, though, there’s a door shutting. Chairs scraping. The chatter dies away as Dimidius Quiscil’s power-laden voice cuts through it all, apologising for Dimidius Werex’s absence—he’s apparently needed in Caten, at present—and then moving on to what appears to be official business. “Reports, Ciserius?”

A cough into a brief hush, the Tertius sounding like he’s shuffling some papers. “The updated list has seventeen known conspirators and another twenty-three potentially weak to coercion. The most pressing concerns are House Remus, who we have documented proof have been bought by the Council of Four, and House Juvalis, who reliable sources tell us are strongly considering a move to Governance."

Muttering. Some cursing. Apparently either the numbers or the names aren’t ones the gathered senators like.

“We’ll review them all, Ciserius. Let’s start with the known quantities,” says Quiscil, quietly enough that I can only barely hear him.

The following two hours is devoted to discussing anyone of note within Military who is suspected of working against them. I carefully scratch name after name onto my tablet, the lettering as small as I can manage. The details of each, though—documented or suspected acts, theorised reasons for turning, projected consequences of them being removed from the political equation—I have to commit to memory, along with each individual’s inevitable list of weak points.

Vices. Illegal businesses. Illicit romances, current and past, some with members of the same sex and thus prohibited under Birthright. Progeny other dalliances may or may not have produced. It shouldn’t shock me that so many in the Senate are corrupt, but the litany is disturbing.

And valuable, valuable information for the Anguis. Some on the list have simply been marked as concerns: not necessarily traitors, but with damaging enough secrets that they could easily be coerced by outside forces. Others have been bought by knights, flagrantly circumventing the senatorial ban on engaging in any form of business. Still others have been documented supporting either Religion or Governance interests. There’s even one Quintus who, according to some reports, is outright working for the Anguis. I make a note against him.

There’s heated discussion after each report. Opinions inevitably ranging from wanting to try and entice the suspected traitors back, to consigning them to Sappers. Most often, the committee decides to simply have them watched.

But not always.

My muscles are cramped from fear of moving by the time the list comes to an end. Quiscil announces a short break. I noiselessly stretch out my limbs and then

sit on the stone floor, staring at the names on my tablet contemplatively.

After a minute, I carefully memorise and erase three. Quintus Elevus.

Magnus Sextus Doria. Magnus Sextus Tirus. Ones who the committee in there have decided not to interfere with, for the time being. I hope it never comes to it, but if I do ever need to coerce a senator, this information will be useful. And Relucia shouldn’t have any way to notice their absence from what I send to her.

When I hear the proceedings inside restarting, I lever myself into position again. It’s Quiscil talking.

“… the things we will need again. Let me know who can supply what, and then these lists are to be burned."

There’s the scratching of paper being handed around. My fists clench. This has to be what Relucia wanted me here for, but there’s not much chance I’m going to be able to see what’s written.

“A ship, this time? I have concerns, Dimidius.” Ciserius’s voice is sharp.

Indol’s father sighs. “Very well. Speak your mind. I know many of you have been eager to discuss the Anguis incident at the Festival of Jovan."

“‘Incident’?” It’s Magnus Tertius Nasmius. “That is a very kind way of putting it, Dimidius. And yes. We have been eager.” There’s a muttered agreement from a number of senators. “A disaster I would not see repeated."

“Disaster?” Quiscil’s tone is mild. “How so, Nasmius?"

“How else would you describe it?” Nasmius is irritated, even if the hint of deference never quite leaves his voice.

“I lost ninety-seven in my pyramid,” agrees Ciserius.

“I lost a hundred and thirty-five. I blacked out when it happened,” chimes in someone else. Magnus Tertius Olicus, I think, though he’s been quiet for the most part. “We gave them too much leash. Overfunded and underestimated them."

I frown. Bow my head and lean closer, sure I’ve misheard.

“And I lost almost four hundred,” observes Quiscil. Chiding. “Which is exactly why not even the possibility of our involvement has been considered.

Personal loss is a necessary screen, my friends. Yes, I know the timing took you by surprise. Yes, their attack was more destructive than we could possibly have anticipated. But that was all to the better. We all have to make sacrifices. I would

hope that the inconvenience of rebuilding your pyramids is not your measure of success or failure."

“I disagree,” says Nasmius after a few moments. “Perhaps if Melior were still alive, the Senate would be more pliable—but with him gone, they almost see us as less important, not more. Have we at least found something more about the Anguis’s weapon?"

“No. But I am told its secret died with Melior.” Quiscil’s still calm, though this is the first time I’ve heard anything resembling actual opposition to him.

“And changing the hearts of the Senate was always a possible by-product, never the aim. The people believe we are more vital than ever. And most importantly, the Anguis believe they have contacts who can be trusted. They won’t hesitate to do what we need them to do now."

“Do they know we are involved?"

“Of course not."

I lick my lips, trying to come to terms with what I’m hearing. There doesn’t seem to be much doubt.

Military helped the Anguis attack the naumachia.

“Are you sure? The way they’ve been preventing us from using the Necropolis hasn’t sat well with you, Dimidius—you cannot tell me otherwise."

“That was Melior’s doing. There has been nothing since his death."

“Still. At least the Festival of Jovan required only information and some uniforms, but this time you want to give them weapons? Will designs? A whole trireme? What happens when one of them gets caught? Someone will figure it out."

“They won’t, because interrogation remains our jurisdiction."

“We should at least know where the attack will happen.” Quartus Redivius speaking up.

“No.” Quiscil’s voice, peaceable up until this point, is hard. Not loud, but the latent power behind it feels like it’s pulsed through the wall, and I briefly lean my head away from the listening slot at the single word. Silence, then much more placidly, “Ciserius, with your fleet, I assume a ship going missing would not be too unusual?”

“Ships often get lost at sea, Dimidius,” agrees Ciserius. He sounds shaken.

“The Navisalus is due for a voyage to Tensia. The crossing can be quite dangerous."

“Take care not to crew her with anyone you would like to see come back."

Another silence, then, “As you say."

I feel a chill. The Dimidius is making plans that countermand Birthright entirely, and no one is saying a word. A few minutes ago, I knew I’d be in trouble if I was caught listening to this meeting. Now, I doubt I’d be left alive.

“Why is this so important?” It’s Nasmius again. “If we just understood—"

“The Princeps says it is. That’s all you need to know."

The Dimidius’s pronouncement effectively ends the discussion, and soon the conversation is moving on to other matters.

None as significant as what I’ve just heard, though.

Eventually, the meeting fades to a close with a scrape of chairs and murmuring voices. I wait in case there’s anything further, some idle final scrap of discussion, but after a few minutes, I’m convinced everyone’s left. I slide the listening slot shut, gather up my tablets and lantern, and start back toward my room.

The damp passageways echo as I walk. The Navisalus. Relucia mentioned something about a ship while I was eavesdropping on her at the Festival of Pletuna. That it was being used as an anchoring point. But the other man wasn’t sure if their partners could be trusted.

This has to be why I’m really here, why Relucia wanted to know what the Dimidius was requisitioning in secret. I’m making sure that Military are holding up their end of the bargain.

I grit my teeth. Whatever’s planned, it must be something big. Vital to the Anguis. But even if it’s another attack—what do I do, what can I do about it?

Anything? Sending the wrong information to Relucia seems more likely to put myself in danger, than sabotage a scheme I know almost nothing about. I don’t owe it to the Hierarchy to expose myself by trying to tell someone else. And there’s not even much to tell. Not enough for anyone to take me seriously, let alone actually prevent whatever is coming.

I’m still deep in thought when I round the final twist in the tunnel. I don’t notice that I’m not alone until I see movement. By then it’s too late.

I take a couple of stumbling, panicked steps back, scrambling for a good course of action but failing to find one. The man clambers to his feet from where he was slouched opposite the entrance to my room. He steps forward into the lamplight.

It’s Fadrique.

OceanofPDF.com

LVII

"PLEASE.” FADRIQUE WHISPERS THE WORD. Holds out a hand, as if

worried he’ll scare me away. “You have nothing to fear from me."

I waver, confused.

“It’s truly you, isn’t it?” He looks at me as if seeing a ghost. Which, in many ways, I suppose he is.

I fix on him, frozen. He’s already caught me in here—in the tunnels only my family and a few scant others knew about—on the same night as Military’s meeting. So even if this is some ruse to trick me into admitting my identity, it’s close to moot.

Fadrique, apparently, takes my lack of response as affirmation, because he’s suddenly striding forward. I flinch away, but he wraps me in a fierce embrace, clutching me close as if I was a long-lost child. Then he takes my head between his hands and forcefully kisses me on each cheek. His eyes, to my shock, are glistening.

“Master Diago. My prince. Master Diago.” There’s no denying the sheer delight in his voice, the release the words are bringing him. There’s joy but also disbelief, sadness, regret.

I push him away, not unkindly but firmly. “If I were who you think I am, I would probably ask why a former citizen of Suus is now a Sextus. I would probably ask how much the Hierarchy paid him to betray his people. I would probably ask why he was allowed to live and thrive, after the entire royal family he served were murdered.” It’s an accusation, I know, as well as close to an admission as I can manage. It’s hard—almost impossible—to say the truth aloud, after so many years of practice.

Fadrique is still overcome with emotion. There’s pain as he looks at me, so much that I can barely stand to meet his gaze. “Your father told me to look after his people."

“So you became one of them?” I’m more vehement than I mean to be.

“I and my family survived. And we stayed."

There’s no heat to it, but the indictment is one I physically flinch from. My mind spins, a surreal mix of relief and anger.

“Forgive me, Highness.” Fadrique is moving again. Dropping to his knees, bowing his head. His voice shakes. “I didn’t know what else to do. I asked for no benefits to my position, but they said it was required. That if I wished to act on behalf of Suus, then I had to accept everything that came with the job.” There’s so much shame in the words. “Please, my prince. I beg you to believe me. I did not want this."

I still want to rail at him, but some part of me already suspected, I think. I knew Fadrique. Or rather, my father knew him, and well enough to trust him.

He wouldn’t have taken on this role if he didn’t think it was the best thing for Suus.

It doesn’t dispel my anger, but it diminishes it enough.

“I… believe you.” The words are a release of tension, a letting go. “The Hierarchy would have needed one of us to help them manage our people, but they couldn’t let you be popular. Even if the benefits didn’t buy you, they knew being a Sextus would set you apart. Make everyone else think you were bought, regardless.” I hesitate, then step forward and gently lift the man to his feet again.

“No kneeling, Fadrique. There’s no royal family in Suus anymore."

It hurts to say it. It might be the first time I’ve admitted it out loud, in fact.

The man accepts my help, his relief and gratitude almost too much to bear.

“As far as I am concerned, there is for as long as you live. Your Highness."

I swallow at that. Nod. “How did you know I would be in here?"

“There are Imbued alarms on most of the hidden doors. Set by me,” he adds reassuringly as he sees my burgeoning panic.

“Is there any chance someone else will come by?"

“No. They sealed off the underwater entrance. There’s no way in or out through these tunnels otherwise, so they just forgot about them.” He smiles

fondly. “Not much different to your day, Highness. It was really only you and your sisters who ever made use of them."

I smile at that, too, through the ache in my chest.

Eventually I sigh, moving next to Fadrique and sliding wearily down the wall until I’m seated. Fadrique sits too, our backs against the cold stone. Silence settles.

“When did you recognise me?"

“I saw the resemblance as soon as you walked in, but…” Fadrique shakes his head. “I only thought it might not be coincidence when the entrance to the Great Hall got opened the other night. Then I saw which room you’d chosen, and… I knew.” He stares at the opposite wall. “Are you here to kill him?"

“What?” I look over at him blankly. “Who?"

It’s Fadrique’s turn to be surprised. “Quartus Latani.” He frowns at my confused expression. “The man they call Suusicus? The one who led the assault here, ordered the deaths of your family?"

I don’t fully understand at first. Then I’m cold. Dizzy. “Latani?” I met him.

“Yes. First time he’s been here since…” He trails off. “I don’t think anyone in town knows."

I breathe, more heavily than normal. “I didn’t either."

“Well. Violence is no answer to grief, Your Highness, but if you give the word, I’ll find a way to show him justice.” Fadrique was always a soft-spoken, placid man, but there’s steel in his offer.

I consider it. I consider it for a long, long few seconds.

“There’s being brave, and then there’s throwing your life away.” I say it even as fury blisters my chest. “You do anything like that, you end up in a Sapper. You end up in a Sapper, and maybe whoever they choose to replace you here doesn’t have our people’s interests at heart. And they suffer as a result.” I feel the last of my wrath toward Fadrique drain away with the words. I turn to him. “I am sorry, Fadrique. I shouldn’t have been angry. My father would be proud of what you’ve done—what you’ve sacrificed. I am proud of it."

Fadrique bows his head. It takes him a few moments to recover his voice.

“Thank you, my prince.”

Silence again. I shift, not wanting to ask the question, but having to know.

I’ve been wondering these past few years. Torturing myself with the different scenarios so much that the reality, surely, could not be any worse than what my imagination has conjured. “How did they die, Fadrique?"

“Your family?” Fadrique turns quietly sorrowful. “Hanged."

Just like Menendo from the tavern said. “Ysa too?” My voice is small.

“Her too, Highness."

Something in me wrenches, though every logical part of me knew that would be the answer. Information about their deaths has been so scant, near impossible to find. I knew they were dead. Every single account said they were dead. But then… every single account said I was dead, too. Some small part of me, I think, had still hoped.

Then I’m suddenly, unexpectedly weeping. Huge, gasping sobs, arms wrapped around my knees, forehead resting against them. I don’t know why the grief hits me so hard, then and there, but it does.

I feel Fadrique grip my shoulder. A gesture of solidarity and comfort.

Somehow that only makes me sob harder.

“Did you see it?” I manage to whisper the question.

“I did,” says Fadrique gently. “It wasn’t public, but I was asked to bear witness, to confirm their deaths. Myself, Gelmiro, and Polo.” A consoling squeeze. “It was quick. They were brave. Especially your sister."

I try not to imagine it, but I do anyway. My family with nooses around their necks, dropping from the gallows. Another sob wracks my body and then I force some deep breaths until I’m settling, emotions back under some semblance of control. “Was it all at once?” I ache at the thought, but I want to know that none of them had to watch the others die.

“Yes, Highness. They showed them that mercy.” He exhales. “And it wasn’t until two days later that Princess Carinza’s body was found. So for all your parents knew, she had escaped along with you."

The sadness hits me all over again. “Good,” I choke. “That’s good.” I wipe my face with my sleeve.

Neither of us talk as Fadrique lets me recover myself. Eventually, I shake my head. “I have so many questions, Fadrique. About what happened that night.

About what’s happened since."

Fadrique stands. “Before you ask—there’s something I would like to show you. But we shouldn’t risk speaking until we get there. We need to pass by several occupied rooms."

I frown, but stand too. “Alright."

Fadrique picks up my lantern and leads the way, deeper into the tunnels. He seems comfortable navigating, not hesitating at intersections. I have only vague memories of this area. Enough to find my way back out, probably, but that’s about all.

Finally, Fadrique turns into a small chamber. He picks a candle from the wall and holds it to the lantern, then lights several more around the room.

I watch, puzzled. There’s a jumble of things in here. Piles of objects stacked in the corners.

As light starts to reveal the closest ones, my heart stops.

“Is that … my mother’s bow?” I already know the answer. I crouch beside it, pick it up reverently. The wood’s intricately carved with scenes from Suus’s history. A gift from my father, wrought by Suus’s finest craftsmen. It was one of her proudest possessions.

I’m transfixed, running my fingers over the wood, for long enough that when I look up again, the room is properly lit.

For a surreal moment, I’ve been transported into my past.

Everywhere I look is a memory of childhood. Trinkets that belonged to my parents, some truly valuable, others I know they kept for sentimental reasons alone. Toys from my room, my sisters’ rooms. Things that we made for one another. Instruments I learned how to play. Even my old Foundation board is here, the small leather pouch beside it bulging with stones.

“They were going to sack your rooms, sooner or later. I know I shouldn’t have taken it upon myself to hide it, but—"

I stride over and fling my arms around the startled man.

“This means everything, Fadrique.” I break off the embrace and step back again, looking around in disbelief. A crack in my voice. “Everything. I know it shouldn’t, but it does.”

I spend the next few minutes just… browsing. Touching things I never thought I’d see again. I flip through pages of books rescued from my rooms: some educational texts, some stories I’d forgotten even existed. I laugh as I find a set of crude wooden ships among my father’s things. I carved them when I was ten. Two large ones, three smaller ones, our names etched under hidden slots on their decks. I didn’t even know my father still had them. The one with my name is missing. I ache again when I realise it. It seems appropriate.

There are coins here, too. A pile of circular silver. I finger one, gazing at my father’s regal silhouette on the back. It’s not legal currency anymore. I slip it and a couple more into my pocket. Easy enough to say I found them, or got them from a local, if asked.

Finally, I turn back to the older man, who’s been watching me with a beaming smile.

“Thank you, Fadrique.” I put all the gratitude I have in me into the words. “I never thought I’d see any of this again."

He bows his head in happy acknowledgment. “I did have some help."

“Who?"

“Friends.” His pleasure slips to melancholy as he says it, and I can tell the people he’s talking about are gone. Then he straightens. “You are not alone here, my prince. That’s why I took you to Menendo’s tavern, the other morning. I knew he would recognise you. I wanted you to know that you still have allies here. People who aren’t afraid to stand up to the Hierarchy, given the right motivation."

“Thank you. It helped to see that. Truly.” I make sure he sees my appreciation.

Fadrique ruminates, then motions to the floor and sits there himself. “Sadly, I couldn’t save the furniture. But I know you have a lot of questions. So ask. I’ll tell you everything I can."

The next few hours—maybe more—is spent on that uncomfortable stone floor, just talking. I learn about life on the island since I escaped. The chaos and fear of the first few days, when the Hierarchy soldiers began pouring in, but all most people knew was that they’d been told by their king not to resist. The fury

and outrage after they discovered that my family had been executed, the riots that followed.

I am selfishly glad of the last, even if they were soon quelled by the Hierarchy’s liberal use of Sappers as punishments. It helps to know my family’s murders did not go unchallenged.

Fadrique gradually fills in the gaps after that. The Catenans, after the riots, began proscribing those accused of resisting. Some of my countrymen, I am ashamed to hear, took advantage. Fear of the Sappers took hold. Within three months, most of the population had visited the nearest Aurora Columnae, leaving only the occasional outburst against the Hierarchy’s presence. Within six, that had faded to nothing more than grumbling.

Which, at least as far as Fadrique is concerned, is largely how things have stayed. The lingering resentment toward the Hierarchy remains, but fades a little more with each passing day. Where once people hated the idea of Will-powered devices, now they’re clamouring for a Transvect to ferry them to and from the mainland. Where once they used to threaten violence at the alterations to their land, their history, their way of life—now they just murmur. Accept it as progress.

Eventually, Fadrique falls silent. I glance across at the older man, and I can see the questions in his eyes.

“I don’t want to know all the details, Highness,” he says quietly. “But I have to ask. The naumachia. They say you stopped the Anguis. Is that…?"

“It’s true enough.” I see his face cloud. “People were dying by the thousands, Fadrique. People who were defenceless. Some of them children.” I decide not to mention Estevan. They knew each other, but the addendum here would only be a cruelty.

Fadrique chews his lip, then gives a soft, rueful laugh. “Your parents’ son,” he says, and the touch of approval in his words makes me swell a little. Not with pride for myself, but for the gentle admiration with which he speaks of my mother and father. “I should not have been surprised that you’re not here for revenge. They would never have wanted that."

I swallow a lump in my throat. Nod.

“I was sent here to find out what Military were meeting about.” I look at him meaningfully. I have to trust him—there’s no real alternative—but I won’t give away more information than I need to.

He seems to understand. Acknowledges me thoughtfully.

“Fortunate,” he murmurs.

“Why do you say that?"

He shrugs. “You—probably the only man alive who knows these tunnels well —happen to be sent here, just as Military also hold their meeting here? It’s fortunate."

“It was arranged."

“By someone who knew you could get around like this?” Fadrique sounds dubious, and looks even more so when he sees my hesitation. “I won’t ask if you have an ally from Suus, Highness—better that I don’t know—but I cannot imagine how you were expected to succeed, if they didn’t know you had that advantage."

I say nothing. He’s right. Relucia said she sent me here because I was familiar with the place, that I was the best person to eavesdrop. But there’s no way she could have known about these passageways. And without them, listening in to that meeting tonight would have been… well. Not impossible, maybe, but close enough to be touching it.

Estevan wasn’t supposed to know about them—few in the palace were—but in his role as Melior, he must have told her.

“I hear rumour you have found companionship at the Academy, too, my prince?"

I blink, misunderstanding for a second, then flush. “You mean Emissa?"

“You seem to like each other very much."

There’s no judgment in Fadrique’s tone, but I worry about it anyway. “We do.” A moment, and then I ask. “Do you think… do you think it’s a betrayal?"

“If all were still as it should be, Highness, I would wonder at her potential to be a princess of Suus. But now…” Fadrique sighs. “They are the world, my prince. Pride and self-respect may mean we never give in, but if they are all our enemies, we will never be happy."

I give him a grateful nod. Neither of us speaks for a while.

“Do you want to know where I’ve been?"

“Better you don’t tell me.” He’s rueful, this time. “I’ve learned two things tonight. One, that you are no longer the carefree boy I knew. And two, that you are still your father’s son.” He reaches over. Puts his hand on my shoulder. “That is enough for me."

I swallow down another hard lump at the words.

That should be it, but neither of us move. To me, at least, it feels as if doing so will be letting go of this place. Leaving behind the final remnant of what we’ve both lost.

Then Fadrique starts talking. Remembering to me a time—five years ago, perhaps?—when he realised my sisters and I had been lying to both him and Iniguez about our schedules and were instead sneaking off to the beach while both tutors thought the other was taking our lesson. We laugh about it, about the boldness of the plan, and the ridiculousness of our ever thinking it would work. All it took was for Fadrique and Iniguez to run into each other in the palace, and the whole thing came crashing down. We were still reaping the consequences for weeks after.

And so we just… speak into the silence. Take it in turns to share memories of my family, of the days before the Hierarchy. I hear stories of my father that make me genuinely guffaw, stories I’ve never heard before, stories he honestly probably never wanted me to hear. It’s strange to say, but I learn more of him as the night goes on, seeing him through different eyes in a way that would never have been possible while he was still king.

And I think Fadrique does, too. As a child, I would never have thought to sit with him like this. With any of our tutors, no matter how much we liked or trusted them.

We reminisce, and laugh, and occasionally weep. It’s hard sometimes, but there’s a release in it all that I didn’t realise I needed. I’m not tired, not the way I should be. It’s not as if the weight has lifted from my shoulders—that, I suspect, is something I will never experience—but I feel lighter.

Finally, though, there’s the barest brightening of the passageway outside as light begins filtering down through the crevices. “It’s getting close to dawn."

“You’re right.” Fadrique says it with sadness, rising stiffly to his feet.

I do the same, muscles groaning from the abuse of the awkward, cold seat.

Then I hold out my hand.

“I am very glad to have talked tonight, Fadrique.” I hold his gaze. “I cannot begin to tell you what it’s meant to me."

Fadrique clasps my arm as he understands my meaning. We won’t be able to speak again, even in secret like this. “As am I, Highness.” He lingers. “What will you do about Latani?"

I don’t answer for a long few breaths. My stomach is still a knot of rage when I remember that I have someone to blame now, that he’s walking around Suus as if he’s done nothing wrong. But tonight has freed something in me, too.

“Violence is no answer to grief,” I say eventually.

Fadrique wraps me in an embrace. I return it.

“If you ever need safe harbour, my prince, you know where to find it.” He smiles at me, then takes a deep breath and starts to walk away.

“Fadrique!” The man pauses. Glances back. “I am proud, and thankful, and grateful for what you’ve sacrificed for our people. And I know my father would be too."

Fadrique stares at me, not saying anything. His eyes glisten. He nods.

He disappears down the passageway and into the darkness.

OceanofPDF.com

LVIII I WAS TWELVE, THE DAY my father asked me what gave us the right to rule.

I lie there in bed after my night talking to Fadrique—still not sleeping, despite the dawn creeping through the window—and for some reason, it’s all I can think about. It was summer, and he had brought me to the top of the East Tower, the one that provides a vantage over the entire island. I knew he wanted to talk to me about something important. He was quiet as we climbed the stairs.

Thoughtful. It made me nervous, sure I was about to be castigated for something.

We watched the horizon for a while once we reached the top, not saying anything. Then he finally turned to me. Handsome, tall, powerful. Black hair and sun-dark skin and brown eyes that spoke of strength and consideration and kindness. A king in every sense of the word.

“Do you believe you would make a good ruler, Diago?” His deep, calming voice was almost wistful, but I could hear the intent.

“Of course,” I replied without thinking, indignant.

“Why?"

The question threw me, and I knew immediately I’d been caught out. I floundered. “Because I care about our people.” Undoubtedly the wrong answer, but I was stubborn. Preferred to pretend to know something than admit I didn’t.

“You care about them.” My father said the words deliberately, drew them out and tasted them. “That is one aspect of being a good ruler, certainly. But many people care about Suus, and they are not leading it. So let me rephrase. What do you believe makes a good ruler?"

I thought for a while. “Education. Knowing how to govern.”

“Many could be taught. And most would attempt to learn more diligently than you,” he added, a gentle stab that came with a smile.

I rolled my eyes. “Fine. I don’t know. Enlighten me on the qualities of a good ruler. What do I need to be?"

My father sighed. “Smart."

“I’m smart,” I protested.

“And strong."

“I can be that."

“And brave. And kind. And cunning. And frugal. And generous. And disciplined. And moral. And cutthroat.” He paused for a breath. “You need to be caring, and judgmental. You need to pre-empt but never unfairly. You need to be completely honest with your people, but be mindful of what information could harm them. You need to—"

“It’s impossible,” I said, somewhat impatiently. “You’re saying there’s no such thing as a good ruler."

“There isn’t.” He sounded surprised that I got the answer so quickly, though he didn’t compliment me on it. “And this is the risk of our world, Diago. The flaw of our system is in its head. In us. The qualities of a king change the kingdom. And not one of us is perfect enough to have a right to lead."

I stayed silent, trying to understand what he was getting at. “You don’t think we should rule?"

“I didn’t say that.” My father stretched, the muscles in his arms cording as he offered them to the sun. “I want you to understand that no country’s governance is perfect. Anyone who looks at a system of people and thinks the system is the problem, is a fool. But I also want you to understand that the Hierarchy’s is far more insidious. Because it’s not imperilled by a flaw. It is built on one."

“The Hierarchy?” I was puzzled. The Hierarchy were a wall, smooth and strong and impossibly tall. They were an insurmountable obstacle, a force beyond my comprehension. “What flaw?"

“Greed.” My father turned to me then, and his dark eyes held mine. The wind whipped us, a chill to it that far up. “Greed is by definition the moral ruler of the Hierarchy, Diago. All decisions are based upon it. It is not the strong who

benefit in their system, no matter what they say—it is the weak. It is the ones willing to do anything, sacrifice anything, to rise. It rewards avarice and is so steeped in a wrong way of thinking that those within it cannot even see it.” He shook his head sadly. “There is no form of government that is immune from mistakes or from corruption—but it is the Hierarchy’s foundation, Son. Never forget that."

Those words have stuck with me through the years. Not just because they revealed, for the first time, the depth of my father’s disdain for the Catenan Republic—though that is one reason. But because they were like scales falling from my eyes, even then.

The sun is rising outside my window. I haven’t slept. There’s joy from my conversation with Fadrique, a release at having been able to talk to him. But there’s new pain, too. Knowing how Suus has suffered, exactly as my father thought it would. Knowing that people like Fadrique have been punished for doing the right thing. Tiredness will come later, I know, but for the moment I let my emotions carry me.

I rise, dress, and wash in the basin provided. The mirror shows dark circles under my eyes, but given my supposed illness, it’s not damning. I could easily remain in my rooms for the rest of today, but the sooner I rid myself of the information I gathered last night, the better. And it would be best to show myself in this state, anyway. Give the appearance of a gradual but steady recovery.

I take Relucia’s stylus from its box in my desk, then slip back into the tunnels. It only takes a few minutes to trace over the details from my wax tablets.

Then I add what I overheard. The dissatisfaction from the other senators about the naumachia. The Navisalus. The request for weapons and Will designs. I don’t leave anything out.

Once I’m done, I break the stylus in two and wipe the wax slates clean. No trace of what I’ve done.

It’s not ten minutes later that there’s a cautious knock on my door, and I open it to find Emissa standing outside.

She crosses her arms when she sees me, appraising. “You still look terrible."

“Saving you was harder work than I thought.”

She laughs and punches me gently. “Are you joining us on the beach this morning? I promise to stay away from the lagoon.” She keeps smiling, earnestly hopeful.

I grin back at her. “I think I can manage that."

She glances around discretely, then leans in and gives me a soft, quick kiss.

“Good.” She’s looping her arm through mine and marching me down the hallway before I can react.

I happily allow her to pull me along. Everything seems different this morning.

Same people, same beach, same clear sky and warm sun and blue, shining ocean.

But I don’t feel like a stranger intruding in my own home anymore. I’m not comfortable, exactly. I know it will never feel like it did. But speaking to Fadrique has changed something in me. Sanded the jagged edges off my pain.

This isn’t just the beach where Cari died. This is where I spent years before that, playing with her. Tormenting her. Teaching her. Growing up with her.

It’s why I can smile now, when Emissa makes a joke. Can participate in conversations without feeling like I’m forcing myself to. And why I don’t feel so alone when I beg off exercising with everyone else, citing my ongoing recovery.

To my surprise, after a while, Indol comes and sits next to me as the others continue their sprints. We watch, reclining on the golden sands, soaking in the sunshine.

“How long has it been since you were here?"

He asks the question idly, still gazing out over the glittering waters; it’s abrupt, but casual enough that I’m briefly confused.

Then I understand what he’s getting at, and my heart constricts.

“A couple of days.” I give him a quizzical glance, refusing to let him see my panic. “I haven’t been down here since two mornings ago."

He rolls to the side, fixing me with a stare. “Not what I meant, Vis. But I think you know that."

I don’t respond, continuing to plaster a bemused look on my face. No matter what Belli thinks—or anyone else, for that matter—Indol is the smartest student in Three. He simply doesn’t flaunt it in the same way Belli does. And he’s so genial, handsome and athletic and easygoing. So naturally popular that no one seems to want to think of him as brilliant, too.

“I saw the way you looked, when we first got here,” Indol continues lazily, returning to his back and closing his eyes, drinking in the morning sun. “It doesn’t matter how good an actor you are. There’s something about coming home that you can’t hide."

“Home?” I force a chuckle. “I told you where I grew up. It wasn’t far from here,” I allow, “but I’ve never been here."

“You’ve done well, not showing it. But aside from your panic when you heard where Emissa was, the other night? You might want to stop walking the clifftop paths without looking. Haven’t you noticed how cautious everyone else is up there? Rotting gods, a fall could kill you. But you act as if it’s nothing. And then there’s the palace. You pretend not to know where you’re going, but I can tell. Something about the way you move through doorways. You know every inch of that place.” He stretches. “Tell me that I’m wrong."

“You’re wrong."

Indol cranes his neck, checking that the two girls haven’t come any closer.

They’re talking, not paying us any attention. “Look, I don’t know what you were. Friend of the royal family, maybe? The son of one of their advisers? But it’s clear to anyone with a brain that you’ve had training. No orphan makes it this far.” He shakes his head, then looks at me again. Gaze intense. “I don’t care, exactly. What I want to know is, why lie about it?"

My mind races. He’s too sure of himself: if I deny it, I’ll only make things worse. And he doesn’t have an inkling of who I really am.

“You heard what everyone was saying when we got here. You heard the jokes they were making.” My face reddens, though luckily the difference between embarrassment and anger isn’t always obvious. “Who’s going to take me seriously if they know I’m from a place like this? I’d be a barbarian to them for the rest of my days.” I put all the disdain I can muster into my tone.

I’m not sure I could have done this yesterday. It hurts, pretending to scorn my own home, my own people. But I’m playing a role. Like Fadrique said at one point last night, it’s what my parents would have wanted. They would have wished things were different, but they still would have chosen a life for me over a noble death.

Indol looks immensely pleased that he’s been proven correct. That’s good. If he thinks he knows all there is to know, he won’t ask questions elsewhere.

“Don’t worry. I’m quite good at keeping secrets,” he says eventually. “Under the right circumstances."

“So am I,” I say meaningfully.

Indol doesn’t understand for a moment. Then he glances from me to Emissa, then back again.

He groans softly, and nods.

We don’t talk again until the others join us.

AFTER THE INSANITY OF MY first days back at Suus, the next three weeks pass in relative peace.

Training with Emissa, Indol, and Belli continues to be challenging; particularly academically, the subject matter is more advanced than anything I’ve been exposed to thus far. Usually related to the technicalities of wielding Will, often referencing concepts I’ve never even heard of. The first few days I feel out of my depth. It’s only because Emissa spends her evenings with me, and sometimes helps me catch up, that I start to feel like I can hold my own.

And for all my making peace with the past, Emissa is the reason I don’t go insane. She’s the reason I can walk the palace hallways and smile. It’s not that we’re inseparable—sometimes I like to study alone, and sometimes she prefers to train with Belli or Indol rather than me—but when we’re together, we’re together. Gravitate toward each other naturally, unconsciously. Talk all day, and still want nothing more than one another’s company in the evening. It’s more than a distraction. Here of all places, she makes me feel like I’m still moving forward.

The others’ jokes soon die down as they see we’re making no real attempt to hide our relationship. Belli, at some point, realises that Indol isn’t reciprocating her interest and gracefully slides back into aloof friendship. I casually ask Emissa if she ever noticed anything between Belli and Callidus; she says there may have been something, early on, but nothing so obvious that anyone took note. The conversation makes me wonder how my friends are faring over the break. As

much fun as I have with Emissa, I do miss spending the days with Callidus and Eidhin as well.

Part of me starts to feel uneasy at the sensation. Once this year’s done, the plan is supposed to be to never see any of them again.

I avoid town for the most part: easy enough, as after our first experience, the others do the same. But on our last day, as afternoon fades, I decide to go for a stroll. And before I really know my own intentions, my feet are leading me toward the harbour. The sun’s low in a cloudless sky, more orange than gold.

Bright across the water.

And then I’m walking into the tavern.

It’s quiet inside. About how it was when I came here with the others a month ago. I catch a few looks from patrons at the far tables, but I pay them no heed.

Take a seat by the window. Stare out over the harbour. A Will-powered vessel is pulling away from the extended dock, cutting through the swells. I ignore it.

Focus on the smaller fishing boats farther out, their sails furled. Not everything has changed.

After about twenty minutes there’s motion at my shoulder, startling me from my reverie. It’s Menendo, the hulking barkeep who threw us out on the first day.

I look up at him. Despite what Fadrique said, I still half expect to be told to leave.

The big man doesn’t meet my gaze. He just sets a plate and drink down in front of me. Oysters, crab, lobster. I can smell the sweetness of wine in my mug.

As fine a meal as I would have seen at the palace when my father was king. A traditional king’s feast on Suus.

Menendo leaves without a word. I resume my introspective gaze over the ocean, and eat. It’s better food than the Dimidius could ever have provided.

Prepared to perfection. Exactly as I might have had years ago. I feel more comfortable, more at home in that moment than at any other point over the past month.

I take my time. Savour the meal, the view. The feeling of being among my people again. The sun sets, spraying purple and gold across the sky.

When I leave, I walk over to the bar. Take the coins I grabbed from Fadrique’s hoard from my pocket and press them firmly against the counter. They click as I

set them down. My father’s shadow in the silver.

I leave without saying a word, without looking back.

The clean air and smell of salt fills my lungs as I wander the cliffside path back to the palace. I needed this. Needed this month, needed to come back here and see my home one last time. But it’s over now. I’m feeling more comfortable in my ability to compete with the Thirds, yet increasingly realising that my advancement is what’s going to be the sticking point. Not because I’m not good enough—I am—but because, at least according to the others, there’s no one obviously unable to keep up in Three. No one with deficiencies that would let me usurp their position.

I’m going to have to do more than simply continue to top Class Four. I’m going to need to do something to get everyone’s attention.

And I’m going to need to figure out how to do that soon, because we’ll be back at the Academy tomorrow.

And now there’s less than three months until the Iudicium.

OceanofPDF.com

LIX HOURS AFTER THE LAST OF Suus disappears into the horizon, leaving for

the second—and probably last—time still leaves me hollow.

It’s a different kind of sadness than three and a half years ago. Back then, all I could see across the water was the loss of my family, my sister’s death, the people who were surely preparing to pursue me. All terror and heartache and failure.

This time, it’s so much more than that. It’s not running from my home. It’s saying goodbye to it.

This time, it feels like Suus is truly lost to me.

I’m quiet, contemplative, on the Transvect back to the Academy. Emissa naps on my shoulder. I occasionally catch Indol watching me from the corner of his eye, but I ignore him. Our interactions have been perfectly amicable over the past month. We’ve come to an unspoken understanding, I think.

Most students are already back at the Academy when we arrive. The grounds are bustling. There’s a sense of familiarity as I walk back through the Will cage at the entrance, but after Suus, there’s no mistaking it for coming home.

After tossing my meagre possessions back into my room, I find Callidus sequestered away in a corner of the library.

“Vis!” Callidus spots me, jauntily waving me over. “I hear we have reason to celebrate?” I look at him blankly, and his grin widens. “You and Emissa? A romantically heroic rescue from the depths? Marooned together for the night, only one another to keep each other warm, your clothes sodden—"

“Alright. Alright. That’s enough.” I laugh, even as I flush, despite it not being a secret. “How did you hear about that?"

“Quintus Dolivus was there for the summit. Anax in Five is his son. It’s been public knowledge for the past week, here.”

“Gods’ graves.” I shake my head, taking the chair opposite.

“So.” Callidus leans back, still beaming as he steeples his fingers together.

“Tell me everything."

I catch him up on my last month, though of course I glaze over a lot of the details. Partly because the most interesting stories are ones I can’t tell, but partly because it still hurts too much to talk about it. Despite my reticence, Callidus drinks it in. I get the strong impression he’s been starved for entertainment.

“What about you?” I ask eventually, coming to the end of my narrative.

“It’s been a delightful month of… this.” He gestures expansively around the empty library.

“So your family didn’t change their minds?"

“No.” I can see the flicker of pain at that, even now. He quickly moves on.

“But at least that let me get to know our mutual friend Eidhin a little better.

He’s meant to be meeting me here quite soon, actually. His Common is coming along rather well. I daresay because I’m a much better teacher than you,” he adds modestly.

I chuckle. Both Eidhin and Callidus were intending to stay at the Academy over the break—Eidhin for reasons he refused to go into, and Callidus because his family asked him not to come—so I suggested they spend some time in each other’s company. Neither seemed terribly enthusiastic about it, when I mentioned it before leaving. I’m glad to hear they didn’t simply avoid each other.

“In that case,” I say suddenly, “would you be against Eidhin joining us in the mornings?"

“Not at all.” Callidus’s expression is sly. “Why? Other plans for your evenings?"

“I want to run the Labyrinth.” He raises an eyebrow, and I sigh in defeat.

“With Emissa.” I’d prefer to spend time with her in a more relaxed setting, but Ulciscor’s ultimatum has been weighing on me. And I’m going to have to use every second at my disposal to improve, because as hard as I’ve tried, I still cannot see a way to satisfy him without returning to the dome.

“Run the Labyrinth. Of course,” says Callidus merrily. He shakes his head in amusement. “No other news? No other casually heroic acts, no other tales of

daring romance I should know about while you were away?"

I snort. “Unless you count Belli cuddling up to Indol for an awkward day or two."

I’m watching for his reaction, otherwise I might have missed it. A moment of sadness as he processes, before the expression’s gone and he’s looking at me nonchalantly. “Awkward?"

“For Indol. Belli got the message eventually."

“Oh.” His gaze strays. He nods for a touch too long, the silence stretching as he gathers himself. “He didn’t save her life too, I take it?"

“Not that I know of.” I watch him intently. Openly.

“What?” He frowns as he spots my gaze, and there’s red in his cheeks.

“You’re not going to tell me?"

“Tell you what?” When I just keep looking at him steadily, his brow furrows.

“Nothing to tell."

I hold up my hands in acquiescence and let the conversation move on.

Eventually Eidhin arrives, grunting as he sees me sitting with Callidus in what could almost be interpreted as a greeting. He pulls up a chair. “You are back."

“I am."

“I hear you are with Emissa."

“I am.” I eye him. He’s speaking Common, the words a little halting but smooth enough. Perhaps Callidus wasn’t exaggerating.

“About time.” He looks at Callidus. “Well?"

“All true. Saved her from certain death,” Callidus assures him cheerfully.

Eidhin checks my expression to see whether Callidus is lying, then scowls.

“Fine. I will pay later.” He thumps a thick tome down on the table between us.

“Shall we begin?"

“You bet on whether it really happened?” I don’t know whether to be amused or offended.

“Eidhin simply doesn’t have as much faith in you as I do."

Eidhin glares at Callidus, who stares back glibly before turning to me. “Is he always this sour around you, too?"

“Always."

“Must be exhausting, being him.”

“I can understand you,” Eidhin growls.

“I know,” replies Callidus chirpily. “The question is, can you explain why being you is not exhausting? In Common?"

“I can explain how injured you are likely to be in a moment."

“This is nice,” I interject with a grin.

Once the friendly bickering is done, we spend another while just talking, and it’s quickly apparent that Eidhin and Callidus have a comfortable rapport.

Eidhin’s Common really has improved dramatically too, I’m pleased to see.

“Before I forget—Eidhin, would it be alright if we worked on your Common in the mornings, with Callidus?” I say suddenly, remembering.

“That would be fine.” His eyes narrow. “Why?"

“He’s planning to run the Labyrinth with Emissa,” supplies Callidus helpfully.

“Ah. Run the Labyrinth. I see,” says Eidhin, nodding slowly, saying the phrase as if trying out a new euphemism. Callidus half chokes a laugh as I roll my eyes.

I endure a few more jabs from the two of them, but soon enough the dinner bell is chiming. We walk to the mess together. There’s curious, occasionally awed looks from many of the students as I enter. It seems Callidus wasn’t overstating about my exploits on Suus being widely circulated. Probably exaggerated, too, knowing how these things tend to go.

I ignore the gawking, sitting with the Fourths and spending the next hour being crowded around and giving much-abbreviated versions of my time away.

My efforts to deflect and politely ask what everyone else’s break was like are unsuccessful. At the table on the level above, I see Emissa watching. I shrug, and she shrugs back with sympathetic ruefulness.

Only Aequa is quiet during the meal, all but snubbed by the others. The month away has cooled my anger toward her, and I try to include her in the conversation, but it rarely works.

I endure the questioning until the bell chimes again, content in knowing that everyone’s curiosity will quickly fade once classes resume tomorrow. Pleased that I’ve already been able to talk with Callidus and Eidhin, too.

It’s not good to be back at the Academy, exactly, but it is good to see my friends again.

I STILL HAVE A LIGHT sweat, forehead cool against the night’s ocean breeze, as I walk back from the Labyrinth to the dormitory.

My mood is upbeat. Partly because I find it almost always is after seeing Emissa; if I was worried that the surrounds of the Academy might change things between us—aside from the minor irritation of not being able to sit with each other at meals—then I can rest assured now that it hasn’t.

But it’s mostly because I’m more confident than ever that practicing with her will force me to get better. Callidus and Eidhin have done everything they can to help in the past, but they haven’t had her months of near-daily experience with the Labyrinth. She’s better than me by a significant margin. Even after one evening, she’s shown me plenty of ways I can improve.

I’m so lost in thought that I don’t see Callidus’s shape detaching itself from the shadows of the dormitory until he’s almost in my path.

He smirks at me as I stop short in surprise, though there’s a touch of nervousness to the expression. An uncertainty that looks foreign on his face. He jerks his head back down toward the nearby parkland. “Hail, Vis. Can we talk?"

“Of course."

We start walking away from the dormitory. There’s no one around, late as it is, but Callidus doesn’t say anything more until we’re well away from the building and surrounded by trees. I’m burning with curiosity but wait for him to speak.

Finally he sighs, gesturing to a bench beneath one of the pole-mounted lanterns. We sit.

“Look. Vis. There’s something I want to tell you.” He slouches forward, elbows on his knees, staring out into the darkness before looking at the ground in front of him. “It’s about Belli."

I resist the urge to make a joke. There’s a weight to his words.

Callidus’s lip curls in frustration; there’s another silence while he gathers his thoughts, glances around as if desperate for an excuse to put off his explanation.

We’re alone, though. No chance of anyone overhearing.

“It was three months before first trimester.” Back to staring at the ground. “A few of us who were coming here began training together. Belli, Iro, Axien, Sianus, and me. My father organised it, invited them to our villa. He thought it would be beneficial. A way for us to get ahead, but also to form some bonds across Senate lines."

“Makes sense.” Sianus is from a Governance family, like Callidus, and Iro is from Religion. With Axien and Belli from Military, it’s a reasonable mix.

“It does.” Callidus shakes his head. “It was good. Fun, for the first couple of months. We all seemed to get along. Even my sisters were enjoying having them around. And Belli…” He reddens, grits his teeth. Struggling to admit the next part. “I thought Belli and I were getting along better than everyone else. I thought we were at least friends, and…” He barks an abrupt, rueful laugh.

“You liked her."

“Rotting gods, yes. I thought I was in love.” Clearly still hard words for him to say, though he delivers them matter-of-factly. “Stupid, I know. Looking back, I still can’t believe I…” He sighs. “Anyway. I found out about the deaths in the Academy—the ones I told you about, a while back—and I was trying to warn Belli, but she wouldn’t believe me. So a couple of weeks before the Academy started, I took some proof."

I close my eyes, half a wince. The pieces fall into place. “You stole official, Will-sealed documents from your father. From Governance. That’s…” I rub my forehead in disbelief. “You could end up in a Sapper for that."

“Oh. Really? Thanks for the warning."

I wave my hand apologetically. “So what happened?"

“Exactly what you’re imagining. I gave her the documents. I still don’t know if I was trying to impress her, or was actually worried she might get herself killed.

But I trusted her. Told her to read them over and give them back to me the next day so that I could replace them. It wasn’t as if anyone would be looking for them, ever, but a few days wasn’t going to hurt."

“And she kept them?"

“And she kept them.” Callidus’s face is pale at merely the memory. “Told me that if I didn’t drop down to Seven after the first few weeks, she’d hand them

over to her father. That wouldn’t have just been a nightmare for me,” he adds, almost pleading for me to understand. “It would have destroyed my father’s standing in the Senate. My family’s name. They might even have ended up in Sappers, too. Governance doesn’t look kindly on that sort of information going astray."

“I can’t imagine they do.” Information, particularly regarding the Census, is Governance’s source of power. Callidus isn’t exaggerating the potential consequences of being discovered. “So she’s been holding it over you this entire time? Because… she thinks you’re a threat to her?"

“Partly. She would have been at the bottom of Three, if I’d stayed there. But that wasn’t all.” Callidus’s voice is low. “She’s been pressing me for information.

More and more, these past few months. I’m not going to give it to her,” he assures me, “but she’s getting bolder. More threatening. It doesn’t make sense for her to actually show anyone those papers, yet—I’m better off under her thumb than in a Sapper somewhere—but if something happens, if my father does something she doesn’t like…” He trails off.

I watch him, anger and sadness for him twisting in my stomach. He’s terrified. He’s hidden it well—better than I would have believed, actually—but he’s in a situation that he can’t see a way out of. Or a way to control.

“Does your father know?"

“Gods’ graves, no."

I nod. His tone says it all: telling his father won’t help. “Alright. Well. At least we’ve established once and for all that I’m smarter than you."

There’s a pause, and then Callidus gives a soft laugh. He finally looks up at me. “Don’t equate having less heart with more intelligence."

“I’m not sure it was your heart making the decisions, to be honest.” I give him a half grin. “The question now is, how do we fix this?"

“There’s no fixing it.” He’s doleful, his moment of humour vanished. “I’ve thought about it every day since it happened, and I just… I don’t think there’s a solution."

“She’d have the documents here. She wouldn’t risk keeping them at her home.”

“I assume so. Otherwise, if I did ever admit it to my father, he might figure out a way to get them back before she can do anything about it."

“So somewhere close by. Secure, though."

“The girls’ dormitory, presumably. On the top floor.” Callidus makes a face.

“Even if I knew where to look, there’s no sneaking in there. Someone would see me. And then it’s expulsion, which is worse than being in Seven. And then Belli would release the papers anyway, because I’d be worth nothing to her."

“Hmm.” I lean back, thinking about my time with Belli. What I know of her.

Callidus is right: there’d be no sneaking in and stealing the documents back, even if we knew exactly where they were. And I can’t ask Emissa to risk the consequences of being caught rummaging through Belli’s private possessions.

Still. Everyone has weaknesses, and Belli’s no exception. “We’ll figure something out."

“Thanks, but don’t get upset if we don’t. It’s not your burden.” Callidus forces a smile. “I’m glad I found the stones to tell you, at least. I’m sorry I lied to you. I hated doing it. I wanted to tell you a few times, but it just seemed pointless."

I press down the wriggling unease of my own secrets. “Nothing to apologise for."

We talk for a while longer after that. Not about Belli—the subject’s plainly still raw for Callidus, and he seems more relieved than anything else when I let the matter drop—but just casually. A way for my friend to unwind after his taut admissions.

Soon enough, though, we’re standing. Classes begin again tomorrow, and I need to sleep—need every ounce of energy I can find for this final push.

Theoretically, I can be raised to Class Three at any time up until the Iudicium.

But the closer it draws, the less likely it is that the Praeceptors will decide to make a change. If I’m going to advance, it needs to be soon.

Even so, I find myself ruminating on Callidus’s situation as I climb the stairs to my rooms. Rueful that he could be so careless—I only didn’t castigate him because I know he’s punished himself more than enough already—but far more furious at Belli for putting him in such an untenable situation.

As I lie down to sleep, something occurs to me. An idea I’ve had for a while, but one that was too high-risk to consider. There’s more at stake now, though.

Advance to Three, and help Callidus. There may be a way I can do both.

OceanofPDF.com

LX I SPEND THE NEXT TWO weeks mulling the various aspects of my plan,

trying to smooth over its roughest edges, weighing up exactly what I need to risk to make it work. By the end, though, I’m as confident in it as I can be.

But I can’t do it alone.

“I have a favour to ask.” I’m walking with Emissa to the Labyrinth.

Wandering, really. Her arm’s looped through mine.

Her eyes sparkle as she looks up at me. “Oh?"

“I think I may have a way into Class Three."

“What makes you think I’d want to help you with that?"

I give her a gentle bump with my hip. “Please. The lure of seeing me all day is too strong, and you know it."

She sighs dramatically. “Fine. Let’s pretend I’m interested.” She’s still smiling, but sincerity enters her voice. “You’re going to have to do some serious convincing for Scitus to get Sianus dropped down. He’s been working twice as hard since hearing about you at Suus."

“Not Sianus. Belli."

Emissa slows, just for a second, clearly thrown. “I’m listening."

I outline my plan to her, keeping my voice low despite our isolation; we’re almost to the Labyrinth but no one’s in sight at this time of night. Emissa listens with a frown, at no point looking particularly convinced.

“That’s not a good plan,” she confirms once I’m done.

“It will work."

“It might work. Maybe. With some luck. And if you’re actually as good as you think you are."

“It’s worth the risk.”

“If you say so.” She stops, leans in, and kisses me gently. “But, yes. Of course I’ll help."

I beam stupidly at her. “Thanks."

“When do you want to do it?"

“Tomorrow. Dinner.” There’s no point delaying.

“I’ll be ready."

We keep walking. “There’s one other thing. Belli…” I sigh. “Belli has something of Callidus’s. I can’t tell you what,” I add as she opens her mouth to ask, “but I’m going to try and use this to get it back."

She studies me. “This is why you’re gambling, rather than just working your way past Sianus.” She says it with such a mixture of frustration and affection that I have no idea whether it’s an insult or a compliment. “I hope he knows how lucky he is to have you as a friend."

I shrug awkwardly. “He’d do the same for me."

“He would,” she agrees reluctantly. Definitely more affectionate than not, this time.

I grin at her, and we head down into the Labyrinth.

EMISSA AND I ARRIVE EARLY to the mess the following evening. There’s no one else around; dinner won’t be served for a good half hour yet. We take the Foundation board that usually sits on Class Three’s table and bring it down one level to mine, then sit opposite each other.

“Are you sure about this?” I say quietly as we set the pieces. “She’s going to know you helped."

“If you knock her out of Three, she’s going to assume I had something to do with it anyway,” Emissa observes cheerfully. “And Belli has always been clear on the fact that this is a competition to her. She can hardly complain when someone tries to compete."

We start to play, not with any haste or intensity, and me purposely making a few mistakes to provide Emissa with a distinct, though not overwhelming, advantage. Soon enough other students start to trickle in. The other Fourths eye Emissa in surprise, but when they see what we’re doing, give polite greetings and

talk among themselves. I can see them checking on the progress of the game occasionally, though—Aequa, especially. Curious to see if I can beat a Third.

It’s another five minutes before Belli arrives, Iro trailing after her. Emissa and I pretend not to see them. It takes only another minute before there’s movement and a small stir as Belli wanders down a level again.

She stands behind Emissa. “You took our board.” Mildly irritated.

“Vis and I thought we could get in a game before everyone came. Sorry."

Emissa smiles brightly across at me. “I won’t be long."

I make a face at her, then move one of my red stones deliberately to the right.

A reasonably smart move. Unorthodox.

There’s a heartbeat when Belli balances on her toes, looking like she’s going to retreat once more to the Class Three table.

Then she settles again. Studies the board.

Emissa examines my move, then responds in fairly predictable fashion. I’ve seen Emissa play Belli before, and she’s like most of the other Thirds: she’s smart, can think a few moves ahead and has a good understanding of the fundamentals of the game, but she doesn’t stand a chance against anyone with real training.

I push at a red piece, lining it up with two others. I don’t look at Belli but I hear her breath released through clenched teeth, as if having to physically restrain herself from castigating me over such a bad move. Which it is, I have to admit. Three moves along and Emissa will be able to break apart my pyramid entirely, cutting through my lines and weakening my force catastrophically.

I let a flash of irritation cross my face. Show her I’ve heard, but don’t say anything. I’ve seen Belli watching other matches. She inevitably comments.

Usually snidely. I have to wait for that.

I don’t have to wait long.

Two moves later, I make another poor play. Not an obvious one, but one which will effectively finish the game in a half dozen turns if Emissa is alert to the possibility. Belli scoffs as my finger leaves the stone, shaking her head disdainfully. “I thought you said you’d played before."

Inwardly breathing a sigh of relief—if the match had ended without her provoking me, this wouldn’t have worked—I glower at her. “Must be nice,

thinking that beating the same five people all the time makes you an expert."

Belli flushes, more visibly stung than I would have expected. It probably doesn’t help that almost all the Fourths are watching with unabashed interest, and I’ve slighted one of the few things she truly prides herself on. “You had your chance to play me. You said you were too scared,” she says dismissively.

I let my back stiffen. Gesture to the board, trying to look offended. “Care to show everyone how good you are, then?"

“Vis.” Emissa shakes her head. Visibly warning me off.

We’ve drawn a small crowd by this point. In the corner, Nequias and Scitus are peering over, too, though they’re too far away to hear what’s being said.

Belli hesitates. Her reputation in Three is built on her intelligence, and rightly or wrongly, much of that is tied to her ability in Foundation. It’s a trap she’s built for herself, an idea she’s pushed too hard. Her constant victories are seen as incontrovertible proof that she has a superior tactical mind, that she’s a stronger strategist than any of the others in the class. A loss to me would be embarrassing. Maybe even affect her standing.

“No thanks. Not worth my time,” she says airily, recovering quickly. “Besides.

You’re already playing Emissa.” She doesn’t think she’ll lose to me, but she’s too smart to risk it.

“That’s alright. I concede. She’s going to win anyway.” I irritably start setting the pieces back to their starting positions.

“Still not worth my time."

“You’re afraid I can beat you.” This baiting is something that I’ve been considering for a long time. The problem—the reason I haven’t attempted to act on this idea much sooner—is that Belli really is very good. I’ve played since a young age, taught by some of the greatest to ever have played the game, and I should be able to beat her. But it’s no certainty.

Belli looks like she wants to walk away, but there’s a crowd now. Even if she backs out, there’s enough interest to ensure that this is a competition that will happen sooner or later. “Fine.” She rolls her eyes and sits huffily in the chair Emissa’s just vacated. “Let’s make this quick."

“Praeceptors!” Iro is beckoning over Scitus and Nequias, who have been watching but keeping their distance. “You might be interested in this. Vis and

Belli are going to play Foundation."

It takes all I have not to laugh. I needed at least one of the Praeceptors to take an active interest—Emissa was going to call them over if they didn’t investigate themselves—but Iro thinks I’m going to be embarrassed here.

“This will be interesting,” agrees Scitus, arms crossed as he comes up to the table. “Vis, I didn’t know you played."

“A little, Praeceptor."

Nequias glowers at me. “This is a waste of Belli’s talent.” I rarely interact with the severe, hazel-eyed man, but he’s never hidden his dislike of me.

“I suppose we’ll see,” replies Scitus, motioning that we should continue.

Soon enough the stones are laid out in their starting pyramids, my red arrayed squarely against her white.

“You know what? We need to make this fair,” says Belli, loudly enough for everyone to hear. “You can take a piece off the board. For free. I wouldn’t feel right, otherwise."

There’s a smattering of laughter, and I feel a flash of panic. She’s taking a precaution, pre-empting any real competition by allowing herself to start at a disadvantage. It’s a clever move.

I recover. Shrug, reach down, and remove one of my own pieces.

There’s more laughter from the crowd, though this time a little disbelieving, as if shocked at my disregard for Belli’s abilities. Nequias snorts, and even Scitus just sighs and shakes his head.

“This is not worth my time.” Belli’s face is as red as her curls. She looks as if she’s about to get up and leave, despite all the attention.

“Why don’t we put stakes on it, then?” I ask, flipping the red stone I’ve just picked up from one hand to another.

“Like what?” She sneers at me, increasingly annoyed at being forced into this contest. “What could you possibly have that would interest me?"

“I’ll pledge to Governance if you win."

The chattering and laughter fades. The Praeceptors look a combination of shocked and outraged at my casual offer. Belli’s eyes are wide. Even just as a Fourth, switching loyalties like this wouldn’t go unnoticed by the outside world

—and I’m Catenicus on top of that. It’s a coup that would raise Belli’s stock considerably, within Governance as well as in here.

She licks her lips. “And if you win?"

“I get your spot in Class Three. Which”—I glance over at the Praeceptors —“I feel should happen anyway, if we reach that point."

Emissa steps forward, puts her hand lightly on my shoulder. I look up to see her eyes so full of concern, I almost laugh at how well she’s playing her role. Or maybe it’s not feigned. I didn’t mention what I was going to bet. “Don’t,” she says. Softly, but the gist is undoubtedly obvious to anyone who’s paying attention. “She’s too good."

I wave her away, maintaining my façade of irritation. Emissa gives me a frustrated look.

Belli says nothing for a long time. The crowd has swelled well beyond the Fourths, word of the contest spreading. I spot Eidhin in the back, expression unreadable. Several people call out for her to accept. She ignores them, but I can see her calculating. Weighing risk against reward. Trying to decide whether backing down now, in front of all these people and the Praeceptors, is going to hurt her chances in Class Three. I think it would, and I think she believes the same. I can see the realisation in her eyes, and then—looking at me again—the hunger. Above all, she believes she’ll beat me. She thinks she can bag a prize here, strike a blow against Military that her father will be proud of.

“Alright."

There’s so much in that word. It’s eager and pensive and confident and confused, all at once.

I don’t display anything except for vexed acceptance. That, unfortunately, was the easy part.

Now all I have to do is win.

STARTING A GAME OF FOUNDATION without one of your stones isn’t a death sentence, but it does rely on your opponent making at least one mistake.

Belli, from what I’ve seen, doesn’t make many. The question is really whether she’s truly adaptable: favourable position though it is, beginning from a stone up

is unusual, and an unforeseen advantage still requires adjustment. Many of the strategies she’d try are suddenly rendered pointless. And while I’m theoretically suffering the same disadvantage, I have had a deal of experience at playing from a stone down. Whenever I’d play against Cari, I’d always let her take stones off the board. And she had the same tutors as me. She got quite good, toward the end.

There’s a swell of emotion at the thought of my sister, and I take a moment.

The Praeceptors have stepped away to argue: Nequias is vehement, Scitus calm but firm. I can imagine what Nequias is saying, and I’m glad to see that Scitus is having none of it. If I do beat Belli here, it will be nothing but infuriating if the Praeceptors don’t recognise the bet.

Callidus has appeared alongside Eidhin at the back of the crowd. I make eye contact with him, see his questioning look. Shrug. He glances from Belli to me thoughtfully.

Dinner’s been underway for a while, but few people are eating. That doesn’t bother me. Belli, on the other hand, is clearly unsettled. She scowls constantly, her face is flushed, and she keeps glancing up at the crowd as if waiting for them to exhort her. She rubs her thumb across the nub of her missing finger between turns, as if it’s cold.

It’s a good sign, but Belli’s not stupid, either: she knows she’s distracted, and she knows I’m not. The first few moves, she takes her time, refusing to let the pressure of the onlookers get to her. I’ve set the stakes high, and she’s not going to let anything rush her. That’s fine. Distraction is still distraction. It will show itself not in the immediate moves, but in the missing of strategies later on.

Still, I struggle to keep her at bay for the first ten minutes, particularly as she becomes more confident, more aggressive. It’s absolutely the right way to play from her position—attacking from all sides, trying to find the opening that inevitably comes from my inferior number of pieces. But she’s predictable, too.

Can be led. I’ve had the advantage of watching plenty of Belli’s matches. I can pick her favourite moves, favourite stratagems. I give her glimpses of holes in my line, tempting her to position for an attack that will overextend her.

She doesn’t take the bait the first few times, but eventually impatience—or perhaps the pressure of everyone’s expectations—gets the better of her. She thinks she sees an opening. She moves in.

I’ve heard Foundation described as a beautiful game. That usually comes from people who don’t play it, or don’t play it well. It’s not a dance, not a show.

It’s as blunt and bloody as war; you win through positioning, which allows you to maximise attrition. You don’t mind losing a piece if you can take two. You don’t mind losing five if you can take six.

At the end of that first exchange, I’m down eight pieces, and so is she. She missed the way the first bloodbath—where I lost one more piece than she did—

would set me up to initiate the second, where I took four of hers with only two lost. When I complete the final move of the sequence, there’s a low murmuring.

The weight of eyes is on me rather than just the game, now.

I risk a glance up. Belli’s staring at the board, but something’s changed in her gaze. There’s not just concentration anymore. There’s fear.

She’s realised she has a fight on her hands.

In the background, I can see the two Praeceptors standing together, looking on with a curiosity which is as intense as the students’. Nequias is openly dismayed, while Scitus, seeing my glance, gives me a nod. I quickly return my focus to the game, not letting anyone see my relief. Scitus wouldn’t have made the gesture if Nequias hadn’t conceded that they had to honour the terms of the bet.

Belli’s wounded by the exchange, retreating to resupply her pieces; I do the same, ensuring that we essentially reset to equal status. The positioning’s different, but we’re back to the start of the match—this time, without my disadvantage.

I attack.

I’m not shy about what I’m doing, going about it like a blunt instrument, smashing my pieces against hers in ferocious equal exchanges. It’s a common ploy for players who think they’re outmatched, who can’t handle or process the breadth of options a full board gives them. Belli knows it, too, and though there’s nothing visible, she starts to make her moves with more certainty. She was thrown by the fact I managed to claw back to even, but I can almost see her deciding that there had to have been luck involved, or perhaps inattentiveness on her behalf. That I’m not capable of outplaying her consistently, not if I need to resort to this.

But again, I’m positioning myself. This was one of my tutor’s favourite tactics: using seemingly random carnage to carefully organise, not allowing any respite, not allowing your opponent to do anything but react. Small skirmishes that form a master plan.

It works—works perfectly, to my surprise. Belli’s playing as if from a textbook, responding to every single move in the smartest way—except for the fact that she’s gradually, gradually, leaving her pieces where they will expose the heart of her pyramid. I look around again. Everyone’s fascinated, but nobody’s seen what’s happening, as far as I can tell. Emissa looks worried. Callidus looks worried. Even Scitus has gone from approving to a thoughtful frown.

Belli’s the first to spot what I’m doing, but she sees it too late. I hear her caught breath, see the way her hand hesitates and then falls as she realises what I’m about to do. There’s thirty seconds of silence as she studies the board. A minute. Her face becomes more and more pale as she sees there’s no way out, no sequence of events that can save her except if there’s a mistake by me. Her hand starts to tremble.

I glance around and then stand and lean over, mouth to her ear, voice low.

“We can still draw. If you want to renegotiate."

She doesn’t look up from the board, and for a few seconds I wonder whether she’s heard me. “What do you want?"

“What you took from Callidus. All of it. Right now."

She stiffens. “After."

“No. You’re in no position to haggle. We take a break, you fetch it, and if he confirms it’s all there, I’ll settle for the draw."

Her jaw twitches beneath clenched teeth. “What’s to stop you from winning anyway?"

“Nothing. But I’m one, maybe two moves from everyone realising my position. So if you don’t want it to look suspicious, now’s the time."

She sucks in a deep breath. “Alright."

My heart unclenches and I stand up straight, addressing the crowd. “I’m afraid my bladder’s going to burst. Sorry, everyone. Back soon."

A mock groan goes around the room, the babble of voices starting as it’s clear there will be a few minutes before the game resumes. Belli rises too and makes

her excuses, moving swiftly to leave. I pause as I pass Callidus.

“Go with Belli. Check it’s all there. Come back and let me know, either way.

Then if it is, you go and secure it somewhere no one will look, then pretend you’ve burned it. Straight away."

Callidus’s eyes go wide as he gets my meaning, but before he can respond, I’m climbing the stairs.

It’s ten minutes later that Belli returns, looking composed. Callidus trails behind her. He meets my eyes. Gives me the slightest of confirmations, then disappears up the stairs again.

Good.

“It’s done,” Belli mutters as she sits.

I take my time after that, grabbing a plate of food, making sure Callidus has plenty of opportunity to hide the evidence. It’s another few minutes before we’re back at the game, and Belli’s making her next move. The only one open to her. The one that splits her forces, gives me an oblique path into the heartland of her territory.

There’s a shuffling from across the room and I see Scitus whispering smugly to Nequias, who’s looking increasingly dismayed. The Praeceptors have spotted the opening, even if no one else has. Belli looks up at me expectantly.

I calmly move my piece, then meet her horrified gaze.

There’s a murmur, soft at first, then rising, as some of the students see what’s about to happen.

“What are you doing?” Belli mumbles, maintaining a façade of calm. She moves again, giving me an out.

I don’t take it. “Showing you what consequences look like.” I’m past her defences now. Her pyramid’s broken, and I’m going to be capturing pieces for the next several turns. “Not pleasant seeing your trust betrayed, is it?"

The crowd’s getting louder, exclamations of disbelief at Belli’s position distinctly audible. “I can still tell them what Callidus gave me. Get them to search his belongings if I need to."

“Not anymore.” Callidus has been standing at the back for the last minute, almost as if on cue. I surreptitiously indicate him; the blood drains completely from Belli’s face as he waves some charred remnants of paper at her.

“They’ll notice the papers are gone. If I tell Governance what’s missing, they’ll believe me."

“Maybe, but they sure as all hells won’t let the other factions know it was true. And they won’t do a gods-damned thing without evidence. Except maybe expel you from the Academy for making unfounded accusations.” It was tempting to get Callidus to actually destroy the papers—it would have been simpler—but I’m not sure he would have, even if I’d asked. This way, he has a chance to put them back without anyone ever noticing they were gone.

The girl opposite me says nothing for a good long while. Then suddenly she’s shaking, and then to my shock, sobbing. She reaches a trembling hand for a piece and moves it; I follow by decimating her support base on the board, steeling myself against her increasingly loud sniffs. Even if it wasn’t from necessity, I wasn’t lying about considering this a hard lesson.

Two moves later and Belli’s standing, her choked sobs and glistening cheeks evident to everyone. “I concede.” She’s shoving her way through the crowd, almost sprinting for the stairs. People step out of her way, watching with undisguised shock until she’s out of sight.

I don’t feel particularly good about it, no matter the outcome, but I did what had to be done. I look up at Scitus and Nequias. “You heard that?"

“She resigned. You win.” Scitus confirms the result before Nequias has a chance to speak. The older man scowls, but jerks his head in acknowledgment.

I meet Nequias’s gaze. “Then I’ll see you tomorrow morning, Praeceptor.” I give a nod of thanks to Scitus, and walk off before either man can say anything further.

The crowd parts for me too as I leave, though this is less a scuttling out of the way and more a… reverent stepping aside. Callidus is waiting for me by the stairs, and easily falls into step as we leave.

As soon as we’re up in the Curia Doctrina, he laughs out loud. A true laugh, a release, long and deep and joyful. “Gods’ graves, Vis. Rotting gods. Rotting gods.” He curses a few more times, then slaps me dazedly on the back. “Remind me to never get on your bad side. I have no idea how I’m going to repay this."

I laugh too, his joy infectious.

“I’m sure I’ll think of something,” I say, returning his grin.

OceanofPDF.com

LXI MY FIRST FEW WEEKS IN Class Three are harder than I could possibly have

imagined.

Given Nequias’s attitude toward me since I first arrived at the Academy—and knowing about his friendship with Dultatis—I’ve been braced for a repeat of my time in Class Six. And from the minute I enter the class, it’s clear Nequias has no small dislike for me.

Unlike Dultatis, though, Nequias doesn’t focus on me. Doesn’t exclude me.

He treats me as he treats everyone else: with cold, unrelenting pressure, disdain when I make mistakes, anger when I’m too slow, threats when there’s even a hint of me not paying attention. Gaunt old man though he is, he’s a terrifying force in class. A storm, ready to thunder at any small slip.

I’ve had tutors like him before, but never fused with the difficulty of the subject matter. My first day, we’re calculating how Causal and sub-Harmonic imbuing can be combined to reduce the amount of Will needed to operate complex machinery. Then we’re moving straight on to the socio-economic ramifications of applying those potential improvements to Harvesters, theorising how it will affect the Octavii, the provinces, the stability of the Republic as a whole. Then we’re running the Labyrinth for three hours, where I’m soundly beaten again and again in a dispiriting lesson of just how much I need to improve. Then we’re examining reports on the pre-Cataclysm ruins of Altaris Machia, arguing over whether the Aurora Columnae found there were confirmation of whether that lost society wielded Will exactly as the Hierarchy does, or whether they had some more powerful means of doing so. And whether or not that power destroyed them, or if there was some external event that precipitated their extinction.

My eyelids are heavy by dinner, my head aching. I still run the Labyrinth with Emissa afterward, doing all I can to absorb her suggestions, hone my abilities.

Knowing just how much further I need to go keeps my exhaustion at bay for an extra two hours, but after that, I have to admit defeat. My respect for Emissa—

who’s still, somehow, moving as though she has energy to burn—increases.

And the day after, and the day after that, are the same. On and on. A haze of concentration and effort. This is what Lanistia was preparing me for, I realise by the end of the first week. This, not any of the classes before, was why she drove me so hard, was so worried about my capacity to compete. Without those months of preparation, I would never have been able to keep up.

But I do.

Toward the end of my first month, something changes. The days start to feel more like a routine. An immensely challenging routine, still, but one I can manage. I continue to improve at the Labyrinth, the extra exercise making me even leaner, my body harder. I have enough energy to enjoy my time with Callidus and Eidhin in the mornings, with Emissa in the evenings.

In the weeks that follow, I begin to challenge the others at the Labyrinth. Feel confident that I can improve my positioning in Three in short order. There’s no chance I’ll overtake Indol or Emissa—those two are so far ahead of the rest of the class that it’s almost comical—and Iro, loathe though I am to admit it, is probably impossible for me to eclipse before the Iudicium. But Prav and especially Sianus are within striking range, and they’ve been operating at this level for months now. They plateaued long ago. I’m the only one out of the six of us who’s prospering.

Nequias begins to notice it, too. And though I cannot claim he has discriminated against me thus far, I still think that’s why he decides to bring up the Iudicium earlier than any of us expect.

SPRING’S EARLY BLUSTER IS IN full effect outside Class Three’s fulllength windows this morning. No rain, but wind rattles the massive shutters, and before they were closed the sea was whipped white, waves smashing against the Seawall pillars far below. The air has a bite to it that even after almost four

years I still despise. This would be the sort of day we might get once every year at Suus. In the miserable south, it’s been a regular occurrence for months.

The Thirds’ regular room is, unsurprisingly, by far the best-situated of the classes: a view over the ocean similar to the one from the mess, comfortably large, with couches and plenty of other trappings. Emissa and I are last to arrive today. We slide into our usual seats, and I murmur a greeting to Iro and Indol nearby. They nod back, though as usual, Iro’s is curt. He’s tolerated me since my promotion, but makes no pretence at friendliness.

“Before we begin today.” Nequias has been waiting for us to get here; he’s talking before we’re settled. “The Principalis and I have decided to start proceedings for the Iudicium."

My cheerful smile wilts. I look around, seeing as much surprise on the others’ faces as there must be on mine. Based both on what Ulciscor told me and what the other Thirds expected, I wasn’t anticipating this for another few weeks, maybe more.

“Already?” It’s Indol speaking up. Calm and measured as always, but it’s clearly a question.

“Yes.” Nequias doesn’t care to elaborate. “As of this morning, your positions in Class Three are secure, and your rankings for the Iudicium are set."

Emissa glances sympathetically in my direction. Catching up though I have been, there’s no denying I’m still last within this group. From the corner of my eye, I see Sianus’s burly, long-haired form relaxing, the twisting snake tattoos running down his arms flexing as he stretches.

Nequias pauses, as if waiting for protests. His gaze wanders over the class, and I feel as though it lingers on me. If he expects me to complain, though, I don’t give him the satisfaction. I’m smart enough to know that nothing I say can change this decision.

“The specifics of the Iudicium will, of course, be kept secret until it begins,"

the Praeceptor continues eventually. “But over the next three days, you will need to choose two students from among the other classes to follow your command during it. The official current rankings of Class Four in particular are available to you, and your rankings will be made available to them. If a student receives multiple offers, they are allowed to choose whom to join. And they are also

allowed to refuse entirely, if they so wish.” Nequias’s tone indicates he’s saying the last for form, rather than because he thinks it’s a real possibility. “Once you have two students who have agreed to work with you, go to the Principalis with their names. He’ll instruct you from there."

Nobody talks as we process the information. The Iudicium changes from cycle to cycle; while the basics are always the same—it’s held on Solivagus, necessarily unfamiliar territory to everyone, and it’s a competition to complete a specific task—the details can vary wildly. Ulciscor told me that Caeror’s Class Three were left by themselves in the middle of the forest, had to spend an entire week evading capture by all of Class Four and Class Five. And he said the one after that involved the Thirds each commanding a dozen students in some sort of mock wargame.

“What criteria do we use, if we don’t know what we’ll be doing?” It’s Prav, voicing what all of us are thinking. He’s an almost remarkably plain-looking boy: neither handsome nor ugly, tall nor short, imposing nor invisible. Just… there.

Smart, though. Quick on his feet. Not to be underestimated.

“That will be up to you. But decide quickly. We need two names from each of you by the end of three days, or you will be assigned ones. Any other questions?” Nequias waits and, taking the silence to mean there are none, moves briskly on. “Now. This morning we’re going to cover refined Reactive relationships in engineering. We know from the pre-Cataclysm ruins of Serica that…"

I half listen for a while—reaping a tongue-lashing when Nequias catches my inattentiveness—and calculate furiously, knowing each of the others will be doing the same. The rankings are fairly clear: Indol first, Emissa second, then Iro, Prav, Sianus, and myself. There will doubtless be rewards for all members of the winning team, so the Fourths will want to join the highest-ranking Third they can. The three obvious candidates, then—Axien, Cassia, and Marcellus—are inevitably going to go to Indol or Emissa. After that, Iro might take Felix and Valentina as a pair—they’re strong and capable Fourths who work well together —and Prav and Sianus will probably just pick whoever’s next in the rankings.

The unknown, really, is whether anyone will consider asking Belli or Aequa.

Belli is by far the most capable student in Class Four, but the Iudicium is almost certainly going to be a physically demanding contest: while she’s fit, her skills in sparring and weaponry leave a lot to be desired. Worse, since her demotion she’s looked drained. Hollow. A ghost, drifting through the days. And even if the rankings say her drive has remained the same, we all know her too well to believe she’ll be a good subordinate.

Whenever I see her, I tell myself that she’s reaping consequences. It does little to assuage my guilt.

And then there’s Aequa. Her position’s suffered thanks to her mistake with me, but whether Scitus has kept his promise to keep her as the lowest-ranked student in Four, I have no idea. Luckily, I don’t think the other Thirds have any clue how good she is.

“Figured out who everyone’s going to ask yet?” Emissa takes advantage of Nequias’s turned back to murmur the words in my ear.

“I’ve got some guesses."

“Are you going to take Callidus and Eidhin?"

I give her a haughty look. “Perhaps. Who can say?"

She grins. “You’re so mysterious and unpredictable."

She’s assumed correctly, of course; there was never a question in my mind who I’d be asking. Callidus is one of the smartest students in the Academy, while Eidhin is one of the most physically gifted—and neither is a slouch in the other’s area. I cannot imagine a better combination.

But more importantly, I know them. I trust them. The idea of choosing anyone else is almost unfathomable.

Of course, there’s no guarantee either of them will say yes. Callidus, despite the real reason he’s in Class Seven, has maintained his concern about the Iudicium and its deadly history—expressing several times how glad he is not to be participating. Part of me thinks it’s bravado, a way of making himself feel better about missing it when he’s so obviously qualified. But I suspect he’s truly relieved, too. The papers he took from his father are evidently conclusive enough for him to worry.

And Eidhin… well. Eidhin is Eidhin. Even after several months of spending hours a day with him, I still barely know him. Enough to trust him, to trust his

character, but not enough to gauge his decisions.

Beside me, Emissa hesitates. Leans in close.

“Promise me something.” Her tone’s serious; when I look at her, she locks her gaze to mine. “Swear that this won’t change anything. We compete against each other, and whatever happens, happens. But afterward, there’s still us."

My chest tightens. Aches. The Iudicium’s felt so distant, even as the pressure of its approach has been building. But once it’s over, I’m gone. Either to some distant part of the Hierarchy where I don’t have to cede, or fleeing, or in a Sapper.

And no matter which way it goes, Emissa can’t come with me. Won’t. The same way I can’t stay just for her.

“Of course,” I say softly. I smile at her. “Of course."

I hate myself, in that moment.

The rest of the day ostensibly passes as usual, but there’s an edge to everything now. Any interaction between Thirds and Fourths during meals, any stray glance, seems suddenly meaningful. Not that it’s hard to guess who will pick who—after reviewing the Class Four rankings and seeing Belli and Aequa toward the bottom, I’m fairly sure I already know most of the eventual participants—but the reality of the Iudicium has arrived. We’re rivals who have been forced to work together for a time. That time is coming to an end.

I don’t ask Emissa who her choices will be, that night, and she doesn’t offer them. We don’t talk about the Iudicium at all, actually.

I sleep uneasily.

THE FOLLOWING MORNING, CALLIDUS IS waiting for me when I arrive at the Labyrinth.

“I need you to help me in the Iudicium,” I say without preamble as I sit next to him.

Callidus freezes. Then he slowly finishes rubbing his hands together against the cold, not lifting his gaze. “What?"

“You had to know I was going to ask.”

“Oh. Of course. After everything I mentioned about all the mysterious covered-up death, I should have assumed you’d want me along."

“Right. Because of how much you love danger.” I nod straight-faced at him, then slip to a rueful smile. “Look, I know it’s something you’d rather avoid. But I need people I can trust."

“You need to find a way to stay out of it. Or lose quickly.” He sees my face and leans forward, intense. “I mean it, Vis. It’s not worth it."

I study him. He’s earnest. He’d be saying the same thing, acting the same way, even if he was in my position. My heart sinks.

I’m about to respond when there’s movement at the entrance, and Eidhin emerges from the stairwell. He signals a greeting to us, oblivious to his interruption.

“I’m going to ask Eidhin, too. But I have to warn him of the risks. I won’t tell him where I got the information from.” I say it low and fast.

Callidus makes a face, but concedes. “Of course."

I acknowledge him gratefully, then turn to our burly friend as he approaches.

“Eidhin! I have something to ask you."

Eidhin stops at the pronouncement. Peers at me warily.

“I have to choose two people to join me for the Iudicium. I want you to be one of them."

“What will I have to do?"

“I don’t know."

“Will there be fighting?"

“Probably? They haven’t exactly been forthcoming on the details yet.” I cough. “Before you give me your answer, though, you should know something.

There have been… incidents, in the past, that Religion have covered up. Students dying. And then other students who were in the Iudicium disappearing after graduation, too. Don’t ask me how I know, but it might be dangerous. Probably will be dangerous."

Eidhin considers me. “But you will be competing against the other Thirds."

“Yes."

“And if we win, it will improve my standing."

“Yes.”

“Very well. I agree.” He moves past me, sits by Callidus, and starts adjusting his boots in preparation for running the Labyrinth.

“You’re sure?"

He pauses. Glares up at me. “I said I agree."

I hold up my hands in amused self-defence. “Alright. Thank you."

Eidhin looks across at Callidus. “You, too?"

“He only just asked me. I’m still thinking about it."

Eidhin gazes at him. Nods thoughtfully, and resumes what he was doing.

There’s no judgment, and I can see how grateful Callidus is for that.

We run the maze for a while, me with the bracer and loudly announcing each turn I make, simulating having spotters. Even with only two opponents rather than the usual three, it’s hard: Eidhin and Callidus are both frustratingly quick, and judging their movements based off only sound and guesswork is beyond difficult. Theoretically they’re disadvantaged, too: if they want to coordinate, they need to call out to do it. But the two of them have run so many times against me now, they’ve developed an unspoken understanding. An almost prescient knowledge of where each other will be, depending on how I approach the run on any given day.

I slip through twice on nine attempts this morning, sweat pouring off my body by the time the bell chimes for morning meal. I’m still breathing hard as we climb the stairs.

Eidhin, as always, disappears off to the parkland stream to bathe. Callidus and I head for the mess, but after a minute, Callidus suddenly stops. Jerks his head toward the dormitory. “Come with me. I want to show you something."

He starts walking, not waiting for a response.

Class Seven’s floor is deserted at this time of day. Callidus does a quick circuit to make sure no one else is around anyway, then unscrews one of the posts of the unused bed two spaces down from his. Reaches in and extracts several rolled-up pieces of paper.

“That’s where you’re keeping them?” I ask worriedly, guessing immediately what they are.

“As opposed to all my other options?” He fixes me with a look. “Would you have thought to look there?”

“I suppose not.” If anyone even knew the posts were hollow—and I certainly didn’t—they’d be checking Callidus’s bed, not the ones nearby.

“Here.” Callidus hands me the documents. “Read for yourself."

I take the papers and scan through what’s written. Each one is an accounting of a death that has occurred at the Academy over the past two decades. Prior to six years ago—before Veridius’s year—there were only two: an accident involving an Octavii worker, and a student’s suicide.

Since then, there have been eight. All of them Thirds or Fourths taking part in the Iudicium, each except for Caeror listed as accidents. Falls. Animal attacks.

Drownings.

“So many?” I feel my brow furrow as I scan the list. “Rotting gods. How have they kept this quiet?"

“I told you. Silencium for the students. Bribery and self-interest for everyone else. Even for the families, I think.” He folds his arms. “It’s been one or two people every year. One or two out of six. Or eighteen, I suppose, if you count all the Fourths. Still. Are you really going to risk those odds?"

I don’t respond for a while, studying the papers further. “And Military and Governance really know nothing of this?"

“They must know something. Promising students of theirs have gone missing, too, not just Religion’s.” Callidus shakes his head. “But as far as I can tell, your father is the only one who’s ever stirred up trouble over it."

I hand him back the sheaf silently, letting him roll it up and slot it back into its hiding spot. I can see why he showed me. Seeing it documented like this—

supposed accidents, but all so clearly linked—is different from simply being told.

“I still have to do it,” I say quietly. “I still have to try. But I would never blame you if you decide not to—"

“Bah. Don’t be a fool. If you’re going, of course I’m coming with you."

Callidus doesn’t look at me as he screws the bedpost back on, sealing the papers in again. “Just had to make sure you appreciate the risk I’m taking for you.” He shoots me a sideways glance. Grins.

I grin back. “Well now I know.” Callidus is putting on a brave face, but he’s uneasy. I don’t blame him. “You’re sure?"

“I’m sure.”

“Thank you.” I clap him on the back. “I’ll let Veridius know before lunch."

The matter settled, we head back to the mess.

OceanofPDF.com

LXII IT’S BEEN MONTHS SINCE I’VE been in Veridius’s office. Months since

I’ve interacted with the man, in fact. As wrong as that feels—a large part of why I’m here is to figure out what he’s doing, after all—it’s not as if he’d leave evidence lying around, waiting for an enterprising student to find. Not to mention that there would be Imbued alarms protecting anything valuable, impossible for me to detect until it was too late. Simply sneaking in and looking through his things was never an option.

I knock, then step through the doorway and face the blue-eyed man behind the desk as he calls me in. The view over the island on one side and the school grounds on the other is as impressive as ever. Veridius finishes writing something and then looks up, brightening as he sees who it is.

“Vis!” He gestures me to the seat opposite. “Wonderful. I’ve been meaning to congratulate you on your advancement to Three. As impressive a rise as any of us could have hoped for."

“Thank you, Principalis.” I accept the compliment with the requisite amount of respect.

“I take it you’ve chosen your team for the Iudicium? Everyone else has already submitted their names."

I hide my surprise. Inevitable though the choices seemed, that was faster than I expected. “I have. Callidus Ericius and Eidhin Breac."

Veridius leans back, hands steepled. Considering. “Interesting choices. Why them? Everyone else picked from Class Four."

“Eidhin would be in Class Four if he’d been more fluent in Common when he started. And Callidus could easily be in Class Three.”

“But he’s not,” points out Veridius. “A teammate unwilling to live up to his potential could be far worse than one who will give his all."

“I trust him.” I’m firm. “I trust both of them."

Veridius watches me, then to my surprise, beams. “Good! That is good, Vis.

Excellent, in fact. If there was one criteria I would suggest basing your decision on, it would be just that. Trust. Ericius. Breac. Excellent.” He’s enthusiastic as he writes down the names. “I’ll be having a discussion with both of them over the next few days. If they tell you the details, it will result in their expulsion and your disqualification from the Iudicium. So don’t ask them about it."

My eyebrows rise. “As you say, Principalis.” I hesitate. “Sir. Am I able to ask something about the others’ choices?"

“Depends on what you want to ask."

“Did anyone pick Belli?"

“Ah.” He studies me. Sympathetic and not, all at once. “Yes. She’ll be participating in the Iudicium. Though I would stay clear of her, during,” he adds mildly.

I give a small smile. “Good advice, Principalis. Don’t worry. I’ll take it."

Veridius starts recording something on the paper in front of him. I take it as a dismissal. Stand to leave.

Veridius, still scribbling, raises a finger without looking up. “One more moment, if you please, Vis."

I sink back into my chair.

Veridius finishes his task. “How is your training in the Labyrinth progressing?"

“Well enough, Principalis. I’m competitive now."

“Of course. Of course. I hear you run it mornings and evenings?"

“The rest of Class Three have all had tens of hours more experience than me.

I’m just trying to catch up."

“Why?"

The question throws me. “I…” I give a half laugh of confusion. “Because I’m behind?"

“But you’re not, from what I hear. You’re as good as any of them. Maybe the best of the lot, except Belli.” Veridius issues the ghost of a smile. “And perhaps

more saliently, you don’t need to be. Your position in Class Three is set. You cannot advance and you cannot be replaced. Yet you keep practicing.” It’s a question.

I shrug. “It’s become a habit, I suppose."

Veridius looks on the verge of pressing, but sighs instead. Shakes his head ruefully.

“Trust,” he murmurs. “It’s a funny thing. I don’t know what your father has asked of you, but don’t push yourself too hard. You’re a student of the Academy.

You’ll have my protection, regardless of what happens over the next month."

He’s fishing. And suspects, correctly, why I’m training so hard at the Labyrinth. There’s a heartbeat where I’m tempted to believe his oblique offer.

Desperately want to think that, just maybe, I don’t have to sneak off to the dome again after all. I still have nightmares of Artemius’s grisly demise at the hands of the Remnants.

But Veridius, just like everyone else, is playing his own game here. He wants whatever it is that’s past the maze. And if I’m right, he’s designed the entire Academy around finding students to get to it.

“Thank you, Principalis.” I give him a grateful nod as I stand. “I appreciate that."

Veridius studies me, then gives me another smile. This one is vaguely sad.

“Stronger together, Vis. I’ll see you in a few weeks at the Iudicium."

IT’S TWO DAYS LATER WHEN I find Eidhin waiting for me at the midday meal.

“Come,” he says, jerking his head in the opposite direction to the mess.

I make a face. I’m starving. “Can I just—"

“No."

“Alright.” Even for Eidhin, he seems brusque. Uncomfortable. Whatever he has to say must be important.

We find a secluded spot on the steps of the Curia Doctrina. The sky’s grey today, as it has been for the past several. The wind’s biting but there’s no rain.

Once we’re settled, I look expectantly at Eidhin. The large boy examines the quadrum for a few seconds.

“Have you heard of ddram cyfraith?” he asks in Cymrian. He rarely talks in his native language now.

“The… Right to Death?” My brow furrows. “No."

“It is a code that honours death as a sacrifice. That sees living past one’s time as a disgrace. It is the code by which my tribe lives. Lived.” He pauses at the correction. Exhales. “It is not as opposed to Birthright as it sounds, but it is certainly not in harmony with it. The Hierarchy value life, but they do not respect it. Ddram cyfraith does. I was raised to know how to kill, and taught when it was necessary. We avoided the attention of the Hierarchy because we lived in the mountains, our villages inaccessible for most of the year. We were self-sufficient. Even though the Catenans had conquered Cymr, they didn’t pay us much attention. We thought we were safe. Ignored.” His words, native though they are, are halting. This isn’t easy for him to relay. “Almost three years ago, that changed. The Hierarchy attacked. No warning, no attempt to negotiate."

I don’t say anything. That part is achingly familiar.

“They took us by surprise, but we fought. Killed enough of them that they were forced to retreat, regroup. But they caught some of us. Myself included."

The weight to those last two words is immense. “Most of my people accepted that they were in a fight they could not win. Rather than submit, they chose the honourable path and committed themselves to dust."

I open my mouth to ask him what that means, then close it again. It’s fairly obvious.

“But my father didn’t.” Bitterness, thick and angry. “He and a number of others betrayed our orders. And then he struck a deal. In exchange for being made a Quintus—and our new leader—everyone else would live. And I would spend a year in a Sapper."

I look at him, horrified. “Your father negotiated to put you in a Sapper?"

“He negotiated to lessen my sentence. They put me in a Sapper because I killed three Praetorians before they took me."

“Oh. Of course. Well, that’s… hm.”

“When they woke me, my father told me what he’d done. Told me of his cowardice.” Eidhin’s lip curls. “He said that if I did not attend the Academy, and then serve under him after I graduated, we would all be placed in Sappers. Me, him, and the remainder of our people."

There’s silence.

“That’s… a heavy burden.” I’m not sure I can understand, not fully—in his father’s position, I would have done the same—but there’s no denying the pain in Eidhin’s words. The betrayal and self-loathing. He’s trapped here. More like me than I realised.

Still, these revelations aren’t on a whim. “Why are you telling me this?"

“Because I want you to understand that I hate them just as much as you do."

Eidhin speaks quietly as he looks at me, daring me to protest. I don’t. “I want you to know that you are my friend. That you have my full trust."

“Of course,” I say carefully. “And you have mine."

“No, I don’t.” Eidhin is reproving. Not angry, not hurt. Just knowing. “But that is alright.” He takes a deep breath. “I cannot join you in the Iudicium."

I stiffen. Taken aback. “Why not?"

“I cannot say. If I do, I risk both of us being expelled.” He meets my gaze firmly. “You are my friend, Vis. But there are more important things in life. If I were to go with you, you would not be able to trust me. And so I cannot go with you."

There’s a sick, sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach. I’m bursting to probe, to understand, but Eidhin is being as open with me as he has ever been.

He wants me to know it’s not because of anything I’ve done, nothing to do with our relationship. But he’s not going to budge.

“Alright.” I exhale, clearing my head. “I’m disappointed, of course, but I’m sure you have a good reason."

Eidhin relaxes, just a touch. Nods appreciatively. “Who will you ask to replace me?"

I consider for a long few seconds before replying, though I already know the answer.

“That,” I admit, “is going to be a very interesting conversation.”

AEQUA STARES AT ME AS we stand outside the girls’ dormitory, well-lit beneath the three lanterns that guard its entrance. “You want me to what?"

“Be part of my team for the Iudicium,” I repeat patiently.

She continues to look at me as if I’ve gone mad. Which, admittedly, perhaps I have. “Me,” she says flatly.

“You’re the best in Class Four by a long way."

“Clearly not."

“You made a mistake, thinking I was cheating. But I understand why you did.

And if you went about trying to prove it too… vigorously… then, well, you wanted to win. It’s a quality I can use. And I know you want the chance to improve your standing."

Aequa finally looks away, forehead crinkled. She shakes her head. “But why risk it? What makes you think I won’t go out of my way to sabotage you instead of help you? Why would you give me a chance like that?"

“Honestly? Because you apologised."

She gives me a blank look, then guffaws. “Because I said I was sorry?"

“Because I think you meant it. You didn’t get anything out of saying it, couldn’t have possibly thought it was to your advantage. I believed you.” I squint at her. “Was I wrong?"

“No,” she says slowly, laughter fading to vaguely amused puzzlement. “It was arrogant to think you were cheating, and even if you had been, I should never have tried to expose you that way. It was dangerous and petty. I’m still horrified, when I think about it."

“Perfect.” I grin at her sour expression. “You see? It’s a chance at redemption.

Help me win, and we’re even. And you get to benefit."

She chews her lip. “Hard to argue with that."

“Then it’s settled. Let’s go and tell Veridius."

“Now?"

“If that’s alright.” I’m not going to wait another few nervous days only to find out that Aequa’s changed her mind, too.

We start walking toward Veridius’s office.

“So. How many people did you ask before me?"

“Just one.”

“Huh.” She clearly thought it would be more. “Who?"

“Eidhin, from Six."

“Why did he say no?"

“If you ever find out the answer, let me know."

We reach the quadrum and head up to Veridius’s office. He’s there, thankfully. I explain the situation.

“Ah.” Veridius nods to himself. “Disappointing, that young Breac turned you down. But I understand. Don’t blame him,” he adds quietly to me. Then he motions to Aequa. “Take a seat, then. We need to have a talk. Vis, you can wait downstairs if you wish. This won’t take long."

I retreat; sure enough, Aequa is coming back down the stairs less than ten minutes later. She looks shaken.

“Are you alright?” I join her as she heads for the exit.

“Yes. Yes, fine.” She manages a wan smile.

“And you’re still coming with me?"

She confirms it slowly. “I can’t tell you anything about what Veridius just said, though."

“I know.” Relief floods through me. If Aequa had turned me down, I’m not sure who my next choice would have been. “Eidhin, Callidus, and I have been practicing in the Labyrinth every morning, about an hour before eating.

Perhaps…"

“I’ll be there.” She seems to have recovered herself a bit now. “And thank you.

For giving me another chance."

We part ways, and I return to my room. Tired though I am, it’s a long time before I can sleep. It’s only three weeks until the Iudicium, but I’ve finally got everything in place.

Now all I can do is run the Labyrinth as often as I can, and wait.

OceanofPDF.com

LXIII THE MORNING OF THE IUDICIUM, I’m awake hours before dawn. The

cold void of night still waits outside; I can faintly hear the sounds of crashing waves on the distant shore, intermixed with the soft sigh of the breeze that brings it. My mind is full of plans and worries. I’m constantly revisiting ideas for how to approach the next few days, trying to decide whether they’re good.

Adequate. Flawed.

Eventually, though, the lightening of the sky outside is noticeable enough that I stretch and emerge from the warmth of my bed, dressing with overly careful motions. Dreading what’s to come, if I’m being honest. Even if the dome didn’t await, the stakes would be painfully high. As it is, when I allow myself to stop and think about the consequences of failure, I can barely breathe.

Indol, Sianus, and Prav emerge from their rooms at the same time as me; unlike most days, we do little more than exchange polite, slightly stiff greetings before heading to the quadrum. There’s no small talk, no excited chatter.

We’re among the first to arrive, giving muted salutations to Praeceptor Nequias and Praeceptor Scitus before standing patiently, a little apart from one another. There’s about ten minutes of waiting in the chill as people drift in.

Teams gather; soon there’s a low murmuring as hushed discussions begin. Aequa and Callidus appear at almost the same time, a few minutes after me.

“It’s cold,” Callidus grumbles softly as he sidles up to me, rubbing his arms vigorously and glancing sideways over at the other groups.

“So manly,” says Aequa as she casually bumps my shoulder with hers in greeting, hands carefully bundled beneath her cloak. The weeks of training with Callidus, Eidhin, and I have made her comfortable with us to the point of, to my vague surprise, friendliness. “Did you sleep?”

“Like a lamb."

“Liar,” they both murmur in unison. All three of us smile. Nervousness falling away just a little.

Soon enough all eighteen of us are present, Prav rolling his eyes at Tem as the boy stumbles blearily into the quadrum last. The teams are mostly as I expected: Indol stands alongside Axien and Cassia, Emissa with Marcellus and Titus, Prav next to Valentina and Tem. Iro is the one who selected Belli, it turns out. The red-headed girl is talking quietly to Felix, her other teammate. She’s seemed more alive over the past few weeks. This morning especially, she looks as sharp as she ever did. Focused.

Finally there’s Sianus, who’s taken Ava and Lucius. Somewhat unpredictable choices, given their families are all from different senatorial pyramids, but the two Fourths have always been friendly. They’ll work well together.

“We’re all here?” It’s Veridius. He’s at the top of the stairs to Jovan’s temple, his voice echoing across the icy stillness of the quadrum and cutting through any vestiges of conversation. “Firstly—congratulations to all of you. Simply by being here, you’ve proven yourselves to be among the elite of Caten. You will be leaders in the Republic. I expect I’ll be reporting to some of you before long."

He smiles, and there’s a murmur of polite laughter.

“But before any of that, we need to determine your final rankings.” He gazes out over us. “The Academy isn’t just about telling you how to use Will; it is meant to prepare you for the experience of wielding it. And that means leadership. Will is ceded, but that does not always mean it is cheerfully given.

Pyramids are not built on friendships. We are stronger together, but every block in a pyramid is still an individual. One with its own opinions. Its own goals and desires. Loyalty is only given to those who can convince the ones lifting them up that they will succeed."

I can see a few faces frowning. Emissa and I exchange glances. Veridius continues, “There is a single Will-imbued object being guarded by two Sextii somewhere on the island. The Heart of Jovan.” He draws our attention to the life-sized statue that adorns the entrance to the temple. After a moment, I see what he’s referring to. A triangular-shaped hole where the golden symbol of the Hierarchy used to be, on the left side of Jovan’s chest.

Some shuffling of feet. None of the others had noticed it was missing, either.

“The victor of the Iudicium this year will obtain the Heart, get back here, and return it to Jovan. If that student is from Class Three, they will become Domitor. And those on their team will be ranked at the top of Class Four, and rewarded accordingly."

There’s a pause, a breath, as I and the rest of Class Three process the statement. Callidus and Aequa are looking at the ground. None of the other Fourths seem surprised, either.

“And if one of our team replaces the Heart instead?” Indol asks the question we’re all wondering.

“Then they are the victor of the Iudicium. They receive a reward which they have been privately offered. And the Class Three rankings are determined by other means, which I will explain when we arrive."

There’s another silence, this one longer. My stomach twists as I try to reason against my sudden nerves, my urge to start second-guessing Callidus and, in particular, Aequa. I can see the other Thirds doing the same. Unconsciously leaning away from their teammates. Eyeing them. Assessing them.

“Rotting gods,” I hear Iro mutter under his breath. I glance across at him, and our gazes meet. A wryness to his glare. A shared frustration. Maybe the strongest connection I’ve had with him.

“A boat is waiting to take us to the other side of Solivagus. All of you, follow me,” finishes Veridius.

We start walking, trailing after the Principalis. Callidus and Aequa fall into step beside me.

“You don’t have to worry about me,” says Callidus quietly.

“Or me,” adds Aequa, giving the boy a glare for not including her.

“We couldn’t say anything.” Callidus is apologetic.

“I know.” I give each of them a long, searching look, then exhale. “I know."

Inwardly, I’m still uneasy. Callidus, I trust as much as I trust anyone. Aequa, though… I wonder now if I made the right choice. Even her newfound friendliness of the past few weeks suddenly seems suspicious. But showing any of that won’t help.

We trail mutely after Veridius.

THE NEXT TWO HOURS PASS in hushed discomfort.

Veridius takes us down to a sheltered cove via a Will elevator in the Praeceptor’s quarters; once there, we board the waiting boat and begin the journey around the island. It’s unbearably tense, too crowded for any private conversation. Dawn shimmers on the horizon, though its first rays are hidden behind a thick bank of clouds. The wind whips violently, cutting through my cloak. Several of the others shift uneasily at the choppy motion of the waves.

Belli’s confidence is temporarily lost to nausea.

As the northern tip of Solivagus comes into view, Veridius starts moving among us, silently handing out satchels. I open mine and peer inside. There’s spare clothes. Rope. Rations enough for several days.

Scitus hugs the shoreline, the boat’s hull scraping sand as the sun finally creeps from behind the clouds. Another Will elevator carries us up the sheer northern cliff face, onto a small, open plateau before the trees begin. I shuffle as I spot a dozen men and women grouped together at the forest’s edge. They look lean, hard. Each one wears a deep green cloak.

Once we’re assembled, Veridius signals to Nequias, who tosses him a small sack.

“Each of you in Class Three will receive one of these.” He pours out its contents. There’s a white stone triangle framed in gold, with a cord attached to it. Alongside it in Veridius’s palm are six stone spheres, all different colours, as well as a much smaller black bead about the size of a pea. He holds up the medallion first. “Don’t lose this, and don’t break it. While the Iudicium is underway, this is your life. You won’t be allowed to replace the Heart of Jovan without it."

Nobody says anything as we process the implications. Veridius hasn’t said it outright, but it’s immediately clear that if we’re able to take another Third’s medallion, or smash it, we’ll eliminate them from the contest.

Veridius waits to make sure we all understand, then holds up one of the coloured stones next. “These track either one of the other medallions, or the Heart of Jovan. Indol, as our top-ranked student, gets all six. Emissa, as second, will get five—everyone’s except Indol’s. Iro will get four, and so on.”

“Rotting gods,” mutters Callidus, and I have to agree with him. Everyone’s going to be able to track us, and we will be able to track nothing except the Heart itself.

Then Veridius displays the last, significantly smaller black bead.

“These are for your safety. You’ll need to swallow them.” He holds up his hand as a discomforted murmur goes around from the Thirds. “They will pass through your bodies after a few days without harm. But in the meantime, we need to ensure we’ve taken every precaution. There are alupi in these forests.

Venomous snakes. Deep ravines. So we have decided that each of you will have two Sextii assigned to tracking you. You won’t see them unless they’re needed, but they’ll never be more than a quarter hour away.” He indicates the group standing at the forest’s edge.

“How will they know if we need them?” asks Sianus.

“Smash your medallion. Or leave it behind.” Veridius says it matter-of-factly.

“It’s paired with this internal tracker; if the one in your stomach gets too far from its sister medallion, it will alert every single safety team. One of them will come to collect you."

Emissa shifts. “So we’d be out of the contest, in that situation?"

“Yes. If a safety team has to come and get you, then you go back to the Academy with them. No exceptions."

“Will we know when that happens to someone else?” It’s Prav.

“Only if the medallion’s broken. The safety teams will go after the internal trackers, nothing else."

Silence as we all calculate. So if a Third is eliminated by having their medallion taken, there won’t be any indication for the rest of us. Those stolen medallions could easily be used as decoys. Snares.

“What about us?” asks Axien, indicating everyone not in Class Three with a vague wave.

“You’ll have medallions that the safety teams can track, too.” Veridius produces another stone triangle with cord attached, this one black and framed in silver. “If you place it against a Class Three medallion”—he demonstrates; there’s a strange warping in the air around the two pieces of stone as they touch —“then they become linked, to the exclusion of all other connections. If a Third

wins, any Fourth who is linked to them shares in the victory. And if a Fourth wants to replace the Heart of Jovan themselves, their medallion still needs to be linked to the medallion of a Third. Otherwise it won’t count."

Another silence, this one strained. So the Fourths can switch teams. Or they can steal their Third’s medallion to win on their own.

My mind races as I process the rules. We’re disadvantaged—something I expected—but it’s not impossible. These rules are going to sow a lot of doubt among the others. No wonder Veridius recommended picking people I trust.

“If one of our teammates returns the Heart,” I say suddenly, “how are the final positions in Class Three determined?"

“If you’re eliminated, you’ll move below anyone not already eliminated in Three. Otherwise, the order remains as it is presently."

I can see a flicker of worry cross Indol’s face at that news. Good. As long as he survives to the end, his position won’t change if one of his Fourths is the winner.

That’s surely going to create some extra tension between Axien and Cassia.

“As far as boundaries for the contest go,” continues Veridius, seeing no one has a follow-up, “there are two major rivers that divide the centre of the island from its east and west. None of you are to cross them. If you do, you’ll be immediately eliminated."

Expected though it is, that still hurts. The dome is on the west side of the island.

Veridius points to the south. “Also, anyone within three miles of the Academy’s grounds is considered to have finished the Iudicium. So don’t think you can simply head back to the entrance and wait for one of the other teams to bring you the Heart.” He glances at the sun. “You all have until sunset on the third day. If the Heart of Jovan isn’t returned by then, then there’s no winner, and only eliminations affect rankings."

I swallow. That’s not much time to do what I need to do out here.

Veridius looks across at Scitus and Nequias. “Anything else I’m forgetting?"

“They shouldn’t kill one another?” suggests Scitus cheerfully.

“Ah.” Veridius chuckles. “What the Praeceptor means, is that you need to be mindful of your actions out here. Show restraint. We’ll know when two teams

run into one another.” He sighs, as if regretful the reminder’s even necessary.

“Any other questions? If you have them, now is the time."

Nobody speaks.

Nequias begins handing out medallions, starting with Indol’s team. Veridius joins him, giving Indol one of the small black beads and watching intently as he swallows it. The Principalis makes him open his mouth afterward, going so far as to look under his tongue. Then he hangs the paired white medallion around Indol’s neck, murmurs a few words in his ear, and signals for him to leave.

Indol starts moving, trailed by Cassia and Axien. They reach the edge of the forest, but then Indol stops. Turns.

“Fourths!” The Praeceptors and Veridius pause, and we all turn our attention to the tall, dark Catenan. “You all know I have the advantage here. Anyone who wants to join the winning team, can. One of us will be waiting a mile or so to the north of the Heart of Jovan until dawn tomorrow. All you have to do is turn up with your Third’s medallion.” His gaze sweeps over us. “I’m the only one who doesn’t benefit from replacing the Heart myself. Don’t forget that."

He delays to ensure his words have registered, then vanishes into the trees.

Two of the Sextii at the edge of the forest stir; I can see them peering at what looks like a thin stone circle, almost a foot across. They don’t move, though.

Emissa gives me an uneasy look. I grimace back. Smart, on Indol’s part.

Frustrating for the rest of us. I can see Scitus glancing over at Veridius; the Principalis just shrugs. Not against the rules, clearly.

Nequias and Veridius keep moving in order of rank, handing out medallions and trackers, Veridius fastidiously checking the small ones are swallowed by the Thirds before letting them break off into the forest. Emissa gives me a final smile before she disappears. I take note of her direction, and the directions of the others, though I doubt any of them will maintain them for long. I can also see that the Principalis is deliberately taking his time. I open my knapsack and chew a little bread while we wait.

“You think we need to worry about an ambush?” It’s Aequa, voice low despite no one being close.

Callidus shakes his head before I can answer. “We’re not worth the risk. Not this early.”

“I doubt it too,” I agree between mouthfuls, “but it might still be tempting.

Not being able to track anyone makes us not much of a threat, but also the most vulnerable. And I’m the only one guaranteed to displace everyone if I win.” I see his dubious expression and grin. “You’re right. It’s a bad move. But you have to remember to account for other people’s stupidity."

Callidus snorts, but accedes the point. “So how do we go about this?"

“We can’t expect to eliminate everyone, so we obviously have to go after the Heart. But we will get ambushed if we head for it directly.” I chew. “We go around. Try and stay out of it for the first day, day and a half. Hope that some of the others get knocked out. Play it by ear.” It’s not much of a plan as far as the Iudicium goes, I acknowledge to myself. But my first goal is to get to the dome.

Sianus, Ava, and Lucius finally disappear into the thick undergrowth, and Nequias and Veridius walk over to us. It’s been about twenty minutes since Indol first left. Several of the Sextii pairs have disappeared into the forest now, too, examining those circular plates as they go. It must be how they’re tracking us.

“How are you feeling?” asks Veridius quietly as he hands me the small black bead, along with a water skin.

“Nervous.” I put it in my mouth without hesitation and swallow, allowing Veridius to examine beneath my tongue afterward.

“Well. At least you’re honest.” He hesitates. “Be very careful out there."

I look at him blankly.

He sighs. “You know your family history here. And your uncle wasn’t the only one. Students have died in the Iudicium. Taking it too seriously, risking their lives to win. You need to keep perspective. No matter what happens, you’re going to graduate in Class Three. You’re going to be given incredible opportunities in the Republic. Compete hard, Vis, but remember that there’s nothing out here worth dying for."

I almost laugh. Ulciscor will see me in a Sapper if I don’t run the Labyrinth.

I’ll either be ceding in Caten or on the run if I don’t win the Iudicium.

Taking it less seriously doesn’t feel like sound advice, at present.

“Thank you, Principalis.” I let him hang the paired white medallion around my neck. “I’ll remember that.”

He hands me a gold-painted spherical stone, no wider than my thumbnail. It pulls almost directly to the south as I cup it in my palm. “Don’t lose it,” says Veridius dryly. He grips me briefly on the shoulder. “Luck, Vis."

Nequias has finished giving Aequa and Callidus their medallions. I nod to the Praeceptors, and then gesture to my teammates.

We head into the forest.

“You’re taking us very west,” observes Aequa, a little uneasily, about two minutes after the Praeceptors and the remaining Sextii are replaced by underbrush behind us.

The forest is thick, branches clawing across the narrow trail—more of an animal track—that we’re following. It’s a chilly spring morning and the leaves are damp when we push them from our path, frost only now fading from the grass, most clearings we come across still dusted in slippery white. There’s a stillness to everything, no wind, only faint birdcalls snatching at the edges of the hush.

“If anyone’s planning on ambushing us, we need to make them chase us—

we’re best to get close to the western boundary, well out of anyone’s way. It will take a little longer, but none of the others will try to get the Heart without scouting where it’s being kept. We have time."

“It’s a risk. Puts us behind,” observes Callidus.

“We’re starting at a disadvantage. We need to take risks."

I forge ahead, not waiting for a response, trying not to show how desperate I am for Aequa and Callidus to just accept our direction.

We walk for about ten minutes, and then I hold up a hand, bringing us to a stop by a stream.

“What is it?” Callidus frowns at me. “We can’t delay if we’re going this way."

“I have to get this tracker out of me."

Their expressions turn from confusion to distaste as they realise what I’m saying. “Why?” asks Callidus. “It’s just for safety. The others can’t use it to see where we are."

“It means we can keep the medallion and the tracker together, even if I’m not there. We can misdirect the other teams."

Aequa and Callidus look at each other. “We’ll wait over here.”

I spend the next five minutes awkwardly jamming a finger down my throat and retching. The bread I ate earlier helps; I’m not sure the small stone would have come out, but the half-masticated chunks of white force it up. I give a racking cough, wiping acidic spittle from my mouth, as I pluck the black bead from the ground and wash it, and myself, in the clear running water. Then I spit for a minute before taking a long drink.

“Done?” asks Callidus wryly as I rejoin him and Aequa.

I hold up the bead in weary triumph, then tuck it into the pocket of my cloak.

We walk on for another hour before pausing to rest, quietly arguing our best course of action for much of the time. Without a way to know what the other groups are doing, we’re all but blind. Callidus is of the opinion that we should be staking out the Heart, risking an ambush in the hopes that we can make use of the chaos that’s sure to erupt once someone tries to take it. Aequa maintains that we’re better off circling completely around, positioning ourselves on high ground somewhere between the Heart and the Academy. That way we can move when it moves, pick our terrain, lay our own ambush.

I listen to both arguments, but neither of them feel like good options. I occasionally check the golden tracker for the Heart, but it continues to point solidly toward the middle of Solivagus. It’s not terribly accurate, though: it only shows direction, not distance. And as long as we’re moving, it will be difficult to assess whether the Heart is moving as well. Especially if it’s a long way away.

“We can’t win like this,” I say suddenly, interrupting Callidus.

“Inspiring,” observes Aequa.

“I’m not saying we can’t win. I’m saying we need to improve our situation before we try anything else.” I rub my forehead. “Did either of you see those stone circles the Sextii had?"

They both nod. Then pause. Then frown.

“Vis…” Callidus says slowly. “No."

Aequa opens her mouth to agree, but instead her eyes go wide. There’s a crashing of foliage from my left. Callidus yells something incomprehensible. I flinch, on instinct twisting and raising my arm; something hard and heavy crunches into it, sending a shiver of agony ricocheting through to my shoulder. I

howl in shock and pain and wrench away, only able to glimpse the threatening dark shape bearing down at me from the trees before I’m being tackled to the ground, the air knocked out of me. I gasp but to no avail, too dazed to fend off the next blow as it connects squarely with the side of my head. Or the next.

There’s more shouting, vague and panicked and furious. It soon fades, along with everything else.

OceanofPDF.com

LXIV WAKING ISN’T A PLEASANT EXPERIENCE. The first thing I’m aware

of is the throbbing of my head, followed swiftly by the duller but no less painful ache in my arm. I’m propped up against something hard and coarse. There are bindings both holding my wrists behind my back, and pulled painfully tight around my stomach. I assume I’m trussed to a tree.

I don’t open my eyes, but the change in my breathing must give me away, because there’s a rustling as someone nearby stirs. “Belli. He’s awake."

A crunching of footsteps, getting louder. No point pretending; I open my eyes, squinting against the sting of what looks like noon filtering into the clearing. A dark shape looms over me. “Welcome back."

“Thanks.” I surreptitiously test the knots that secure me. Too much to hope that they weren’t tight, unfortunately. “Where are the others?"

“We’re here.” It’s Callidus, off to the right somewhere behind me. Close.

Belli is smug as my vision finally clears. Iro’s off to the side, arms crossed. I’m not sure where Felix is.

The red-headed girl sighs, looking disappointed. “I thought this would be harder, to be honest, Vis. Everyone’s been going on and on about how good you are. Catenicus. Seven to Three in less than a year.” She shakes her head disdainfully. “And now you’ve been eliminated less than six hours into the Iudicium."

My heart skips a beat and I glance down at my medallion. Still there. Still in one piece. “How did you get ahead of us?” My voice is steady, thankfully, and ignoring her gloating seems best. I should have known Iro and Belli would come after me. But they haven’t eliminated me yet—not properly. There must be a reason. Something they want from me.

“Does it matter?” Belli crouches, bringing herself to my eye level. “All you really need to know is that you were outplayed.” Behind her there’s a low, ugly chuckle from Iro.

“You hit me in the back of the head. Outplayed indeed,” I say dryly. “Still sore about losing at Foundation, I take it?"

I regret the words as soon as they’re out of my mouth. Belli’s expression darkens.

She straightens, draws back her boot, and kicks me square in the face.

Pain explodes across my cheek and everything briefly goes dim; I can hear outraged yelling from Callidus and a couple of other urgent voices, but I can’t focus on what any of them are saying. My head lolls, and then I suck in a breath and pull myself upright again. Spit blood. It was vicious, but not full force. No worse than taking a hit in the Theatre. I don’t think anything’s broken.

I take a few more breaths, both to steady myself and to cool my fury. Then I look up at the two of them again. Iro’s yanked Belli away, holding her back as she glares at me, but she’s not struggling, and she definitely pulled her kick. Despise me or not, they’ve remembered Veridius’s warning. They still want to win.

“So. You haven’t taken my medallion yet, which means you think I might be of some use. How can I help?"

Iro sneers. “Don’t get the wrong idea. We’ve only just finished tying you up. I just needed to make sure we were ready to leave before bringing the Sextii here."

I’m still trying to fully extract myself from the torpor of multiple hits to the head. “I know you want to win. I’m more valuable to you as an ally. Together we can cover more ground, take out the other teams. You may not trust me but if you go it alone, you have to know that Indol or Emissa will win anyway."

“He’s right,” calls Callidus.

“He’s half right,” counters Iro. “We need more people. But we don’t need him."

There’s silence as Iro looks behind me. I twist to see Callidus and Aequa.

Felix is standing a small distance away from them, watching. Callidus is smirking and shaking his head. “I don’t think so. Not without Vis."

Belli ignores him, gaze fixed on Aequa. “That’s fine.”

Callidus frowns and turns to the girl across from him. I watch her too. She’s locked gazes with Belli, and I can see the wheels in her head turning.

“She’s not going to let you go, Vis, no matter what.” Her voice is soft. She doesn’t look at me. “And I don’t want to lose. I can’t lose."

“Aequa.” Callidus’s expression is growing indignant.

“Smart choice.” Iro walks over, crouching down. Apparently whatever anger he has toward me over the naumachia, doesn’t extend to Aequa. I’m fuming, but say nothing. She’s right. I’m in no position to win.

A small part of me still hopes that this is part of some plan of Aequa’s, but that’s dashed as she leans forward, exposing the back of her neck. “Take it."

Callidus bucks futilely against his restraints, looking at Aequa darkly. I hang my head, feeling more melancholy than anything else. I’ve misestimated. I thought she would feel some obligation to me, thought she had more loyalty in her than this. But I can’t bring myself to blame her. In her position, I may very well have done the same thing.

Felix unloops her medallion and gives it to Iro, who presses it against his own.

There’s that strange warping in the air, a bubble of distortion, gone in an instant. “Done.” He hangs the medallion back around Aequa’s neck, then considers her. “I’ll untie you once we destroy Vis’s medallion."

“Don’t do that.” Aequa gives him a reproving frown. “We can eliminate him just by taking the medallion with us, and then the others won’t know he’s out of the Iudicium. They’ll have to at least consider the possibility that we’ve temporarily teamed up."

Iro reflects, then glances at Belli, who signals her agreement.

“We’ll have to keep you tied up for the next hour or so. Until we can be sure the Sextii have come to collect him."

“Of course."

Belli helps Aequa to her feet, retying her hands in front of her. “We should get moving."

“Let’s take their cloaks, too,” says Aequa. “The nights will get cold, and they won’t be needing them."

More cursing, even more vulgar than before, from Callidus, and this time I join him in the vitriol as Felix strips our cloaks. But it’s mostly to hide a glimmer

of hope.

“And their supplies?” asks Felix.

“No point,” says Iro. “We have more than enough, and Aequa won’t be able to carry much while she’s tied up like this."

Belli walks across to me. I resist the instinct to shy away as she leans down, instead letting my gaze bore into her. She meets it, snagging the cord around my neck and yanking sharply. The skin on my neck burns. There’s a snap, and then the cool white stone is being pulled from beneath my tunic.

“You lose,” she says softly.

She pockets the medallion and the four of them walk off, ignoring the furious railing that Callidus aims at their backs.

IT’S HUSHED IN THE DARK as we wait. There’s the constant, gentle rustling of branches in the wind, which is too cold for my tunic alone to fight.

The occasional scrabbling of nocturnal animals nearby as they catch our scent and bolt in the other direction. The flapping of wings overhead, though rarely any birdcalls. Callidus’s steady breathing from the tree six feet away. And nothing else.

“Still awake?” My voice splits the air, rough from lack of water and overuse.

“I doubt I’ll sleep until she gets back."

I’ve been working at my bonds constantly since Iro, Belli, Felix, and Aequa left. My wrists are chafed raw, painful to move now, and I’m pretty sure the sticky slickness covering my palms isn’t sweat. I still occasionally let frustration get to me, strain vainly against the thick rope, try and yank my hands apart or through the loop. It never results in anything except a dull ache.

“She’s not coming back, Callidus."

We talked for hours after the others left. Debated Aequa’s plan, mostly.

There’s no doubt she took my cloak to ensure the Sextii wouldn’t come for us; she knew the tracker I’d swallowed was secreted away in there. At the start, I shared Callidus’s optimism. Even came up with a plan. I didn’t believe she would just leave us here—it’s hardly a death sentence, as someone will eventually

wonder why Callidus’s medallion isn’t moving, but it seemed unnecessarily cruel.

After a few hours, though, I knew the truth. She’s intending to use my tracker as a weapon, a means of sabotage, drawing our safety team to someone else instead of us. Executed at the right moment, it could be the advantage that leads to her winning the Iudicium.

Callidus didn’t want to entertain the possibility. Still doesn’t. But as our conversation has petered out, leaving us with nothing but encroaching night, I think he’s more and more come around to my point of view.

“What do you think Veridius offered her?” Callidus asks the question idly.

“Must have been something big."

He grunts. “It shouldn’t have mattered."

I smile affectionately into the darkness. “You could have gone with her, you know. I would have understood."

“And put up with Belli for three days?” Callidus forces some humour into his tone, deflecting the suggestion. “Gods’ graves, no."

I chuckle, glad of the brief levity. Glad of Callidus’s company, too, even if I’m responsible for his plight.

There’s quiet again, and then I have to ask. “What did they offer you?"

Callidus takes his time replying. “Domitor."

“What?” I shake my head, sure I’ve misheard. “What?"

Callidus chuckles. “My reaction too when the Principalis told me, word for word. He said that if I was on the winning team, I’d graduate as part of Class Four. And if I brought the Heart back myself…” I can almost hear his shrug.

He’s embarrassed.

“Rotting gods. High stakes.” I’m struck by the enormity of Callidus’s decision. “You’re a better friend than I deserve."

“Not really. I just figured not causing any trouble was the fastest way back to the Academy."

There’s a pause, and then I cough a genuine laugh. I can hear Callidus joining in. I lean back, resting my head against the coarse bark, and peer upward through the leafy canopy at the diffuse starlight that occasionally peeks through. “You really don’t care about where you end up after all this, do you?”

“I care. I just think there are more important things."

I keep smiling at the sky. I’m terrified of what’s coming, but there’s a simplicity to the answer that’s somehow comforting. “You really still think she’s coming back?"

“An hour tied up. A decent while before they let their guard down. She might even be waiting until they’re asleep.” There’s a sort of desperate resolve in his voice. He hates the thought of Aequa betraying us. “She’s our friend, Vis. These past few weeks have meant something."

“I envy you, you know. Your capacity to do that. To trust like that."

There’s a silence, then he snorts. “For a second, I thought that was going to be a compliment."

“I mean it.” I’m reflective. I know we’ve lost, have known for hours now. It’s left me introspective. “I’m not just talking about Aequa. I mean things like telling me about Belli, about why you’re really in Seven. I mean how you chose to warn me about the Iudicium, even after it burned you so badly last time.” I lick cracked lips. “Gods’ graves, Callidus. You showed me where you hid the documents. You did it like it was nothing."

He chuckles, a little uncomfortably. “Well, I trust you."

“I’m not sure I’m worthy of it."

Another silence. “I know you won’t tell anyone.” He’s bemused. “Are you alright?"

I squeeze my eyes closed in frustration, the act barely making a difference against the near pitch-black.

I want to tell him. I don’t think he would turn me in. I think Callidus would take my secret to his grave.

“I’m tired,” I eventually say softly, cursing myself for my cowardice. At least it’s true. I’m tired of lying. Tired of fighting. Tired of being afraid. “And thanks.

You’re right, of course. I’d never tell anyone."

Nothing for a while, only the wind whispering through the trees touching my ears.

“Why do you think they do this?” Callidus asks suddenly.

“Do what?”

“This. The Iudicium. Pit us against one another while no one’s looking.

Bring us down to this level.” There’s a note of bitterness. “It’s not exactly the culmination of all we’ve learned at the Academy."

“I don’t think it’s supposed to be. I think it’s meant to be the final lesson.” I say it with cynical certainty. “This is the real world. They’re looking for people to lead, and in Caten… it’s like Thavius says. Caten rewards greed above all. So this, out here, is about seeing who will do whatever it takes. Who will do whatever they can get away with to win."

There’s a hush for a while, and I can tell Callidus is processing the words.

“That’s a grim way of looking at it."

“Tell me I’m wrong."

“No. No, I don’t think you’re wrong.” There’s a shuffling, Callidus repositioning himself against his tree trunk. “So if it’s not us, are you hoping Emissa’s going to win?"

“Yes.” I mean it. “She has a good chance, too. Indol’s going to be hard to beat though. Especially if he gets more Fourths over to his team.” I sigh. “Honestly, at the moment? I don’t mind, as long as it’s not Iro and Belli."

“Absolutely. I cannot believe she actually kicked you in the face. I knew she wasn’t a graceful loser, but that was…” Callidus raises his voice to a fairly decent approximation of Belli’s. “‘All you really need to know is that you were outplayed.’"

“‘You lose,’” I copy him.

It’s not that funny, but it’s enough to send us into a coughing fit of giggles, loud enough that neither of us notices the cracking of twigs until a voice cuts through our laughter, sharp in the pitch-black. “Do you idiots really not care whether you get eaten by alupi, or do you not know how loud you are?"

Torchlight creeps over the ground around me.

“Aequa?” I twist, heart leaping even as the rope grinds against my raw wrists.

“Who else would it be?” she says impatiently, slender form emerging from the shifting shadows. She crouches down by me, torch in one hand, steel in the other. “Hold still."

“Rotting gods, Aequa. What took you so long?” calls Callidus.

“Quiet.” She shoves me forward to get to my hands. There’s a pressure on the rope, a frenzied sawing motion for about ten seconds, and then the cords that have been holding me in place for the last several hours fall away. I almost topple with them, unbearably stiff, but manage to clumsily catch myself. Before I can stand, she’s moving over to Callidus and repeating the process.

“How did you get away?"

“We hit a dead end a few hours ago, had to double back for almost an hour.

They’re terrible at woodcraft. I offered to scout ahead for a while tonight, make sure the new path was clear. They didn’t even consider I might be doublecrossing them."

“Hah. How foolish of them. Hah,” I say weakly as I lever myself to my feet, gingerly stretching out. “Do you have my trackers?"

“No. But I’m going back to get your medallion.” She finishes what she’s doing. “The other one’s in Iro’s stomach."

“What?"

“I slipped it into his broth at dinner."

“That’s… amazing.” Callidus is awed. “And disgusting."

Aequa’s calm, short of breath though she is. “It was spur of the moment, but I think it will work. I’ll suggest branching off with Vis’s medallion to act as a decoy in the morning. No reason they’ll see it as suspicious—they think you’re out of the Iudicium, and it would be insane for me to try and win by myself this early, with no way of knowing where anyone else is. Once the tracker in Iro’s stomach activates, the safety team will make contact, and they’ll all be eliminated. I’ll meet you after that."

I breathe out, as impressed as Callidus. “And Veridius only said we needed the medallion to win.” I work the blood back into my fingers. “How long did it take you to get back here?"

“Only about an hour. We got blocked by a cliff, had to come back east before we made camp.” She shakes her head, locks swinging in the dim light. “It was lucky. I was getting ready to grab your medallion and just run for it when they realised there was no way forward."

I frown. “East?”

“They had the same idea as you: go west, skirt the boundary, keep clear of Indol and Emissa until the Heart starts moving. That’s how they got ahead of us. Just bad luck."

I grunt. It’s not an awful plan from Iro, but… certainly a coincidence.

“How is your face, by the way?” She falters. “You know I would have stopped her, if she’d gone near you again."

“I know.” I rub my bruised jaw. “It’s no worse than the rest of me."

“Good. We should move, then.” She holds up her torch and starts jogging back into the forest, not waiting for a response.

Callidus elbows me. “Told you,” he says softly.

I give him a superior look. “Never had a doubt."

We both grin, and chase after Aequa’s retreating torchlight.

OceanofPDF.com

LXV I TELL THEM MY PLAN on the way. Neither of them seem to like it.

“That is a terrible plan,” says Aequa.

“It is,” agrees Callidus between gulping lungfuls of air as we jog. “And if anyone is going to do something that stupid, it should be me. You’d be risking yourself for no reason."

“He’s right,” huffs Aequa. She’s leading us, setting a remarkable pace given that she’s both navigating by torchlight, and has already made this journey at a run once tonight. “Though I also think it’s just unnecessary."

“We’re blind out here. What happened with Iro and Belli proves it.” My own breath comes in short gasps, but I’m feeling surprisingly good. A benefit of having drowsed, however uncomfortably, for a few hours this afternoon. “From what Veridius said, those stone circles the Sextii have can track all of us. Every single one of the Thirds and Fourths. So we need one. And this might be our only chance to get one.” There’s no judgment in the statement; Aequa’s plan was smart, the right move under the circumstances. But it means that now—

knowing both Iro’s location, and the direction he’s just come from—is our only opportunity to act.

“Then we should go together,” says Callidus.

“Agreed."

There’s a pause, and then Callidus grunts. “Good.” He clearly expected more resistance. “So… we’re going to take on two Sextii. Or maybe four, if our safety team has come across Iro’s. By ourselves."

“We’re going to steal their tracker,” I correct him. “I’m not insane."

Callidus exchanges a dubious look with Aequa in the flickering torchlight.

“One of them will be watching it the whole time,” warns Aequa. “Even with Iro camped, they’ll want to know as soon as he moves. And they’ll have to monitor for any emergencies, too."

“That’s why Callidus here will distract them,” I explain brightly to her.

Callidus shifts, suddenly looking less enthused about coming along.

“If either of us is caught, we’ll be disqualified.” Callidus isn’t protesting so much this time as making an observation. He knows me well enough to know I’ve made up my mind. “Even if we’re not, if anyone finds out later…"

“We’re not breaking the rules as they were laid out."

“We’d be breaking the spirit of them."

“Whatever it takes,” I remind him.

There are a few other arguments after that, but they’re weaker. Callidus and Aequa both know we need an advantage; no matter how good we are in a fight —and between us, we are reasonably good—it won’t help if we’re taken by surprise again.

By the time we slow and Aequa motions for us to quiet, it’s been decided.

Aequa will rejoin Iro and Belli, while Callidus and I locate one of the two safety teams now following them, and steal their tracking plate. Aequa will find a way to break away from Iro’s team with my medallion in the morning. We’ll regroup tomorrow before noon at the base of a towering cliff, about an hour north-east of where we are currently.

There’s a lot that could go wrong. But given the risks of stealing from the Sextii, it will be easy enough to separate myself from Callidus.

That gives me an entire night and morning by myself, untracked, to cross the western river. Find the dome. Run the Labyrinth.

“This is it,” Aequa whispers as she catches her breath. “Iro’s a few minutes farther up. We came from that way.” She orients herself against the nearby looming mountain and points. “There’s a deep ravine. Walk along the left-hand edge. It’s the only passable section for miles, so if they’re really only fifteen minutes behind, at least one safety team should be along there somewhere."

“Thanks."

She nods. “What happens if you’re not there by noon tomorrow?”

“Start toward the Heart of Jovan. I should have a tracking plate by then. I’ll find a way to catch up to you.” Aequa opens her mouth to protest, but I shake my head firmly. “If something happens to us, that’s my fault. If we never turn up, you try for the win yourself.” Aequa looks displeased at the prospect, so much so that I laugh. “It’s not my ideal scenario, either."

Callidus snorts, while Aequa just half smiles. “Fine."

I watch as Callidus unhooks his medallion from around his neck: he can’t wear it tonight, not if we want to take the Sextii by surprise. He doesn’t hesitate as he hands it to Aequa.

I move to depart, then delay.

“I owe you an apology.” I’d considered not saying anything, but it had to have been obvious. “I actually thought you were switching sides, back there."

Aequa, to my surprise, smirks at me. “I know. It was kind of hard not to laugh at your expression.” She waves her hand dismissively. “Wouldn’t have worked if you didn’t believe it."

“I still should have trusted you."

“No, you shouldn’t have. You had every reason not to. And I counted on the fact you wouldn’t.” She looks at me. “You should now, though."

“I do.” I mean it. She’s proven herself, as far as I’m concerned. “Luck, Aequa."

“You too,” she returns quietly to us both.

Callidus and I split off from the path, foliage quickly taking Aequa from view.

We press forward in the direction Aequa indicated for the better part of an hour, mostly without words, progress slowed both by the tangled underbrush and the need for silence. Everything’s hushed. My muscles ache from tension.

Walking in the dark like this is deliberate, dangerous going, but we can’t risk a torch.

I’m just beginning to wonder whether we’ve somehow missed the safety teams altogether, when a bright flicker of orange pokes through the trees up ahead.

“Vis,” breathes Callidus from behind me.

We drop low. I ignore the way the brush scratches my arms and digs into my tunic, and worm forward. Faint voices drift to us, and then a burst of raucous laughter. The Sextii sound in good cheer. Relaxed.

“… Latrius is a better rider."

“Bah. Maybe, but Red’s a better team."

There’s immediate, boisterous disagreement from the other one. Both men.

They’re huddled close to the fire, talking about chariots; Latrius is one of the more famous participants from Blue.

“Just the two of them.” Relief in Callidus’s whisper.

“Can you see the tracking plate?"

“No. It can’t be far, though."

The friendly argument in the camp continues for several minutes—longer than it should, really, given the subject matter—and I continue to creep forward, refusing to surrender to impatience. The two of them are broad-shouldered, grey tunics sharp against the muted colours of their surroundings. Despite the cold, neither is cloaked.

There’s some brief talk about something I don’t quite catch, and then the conversation moves on to grumbling about restrictions in Caten for the upcoming Festival of Ocaria. Idle talk, but the constant flow of chatter gives us an easy way to creep around the camp’s perimeter without being heard.

Time passes in a tense haze of slowly, slowly worming along, constantly pausing to see if the tracking plate is discernible. The Sextii’s names, from what I gather, are Borius and Darin. After about twenty minutes, Darin grunts as he’s fetching some wood for the fire. “Damned arm,” he mutters, rubbing at his shoulder. He glances at Borius. “They take your blood too?"

Borius nods. “Makes a man uneasy, that stuff."

Darin finishes adding fuel to the flames, then peers at something on the ground. “The stray’s been back with them for an hour now. I don’t think they’re moving again tonight."

“Lucky us.” Borius rubs his forehead. “I wish he’d just get out of the way."

“It’s not like it matters until tomorrow night, anyway.” Darin shifts, and I feel a thrill of elation as he picks up the circular tracking plate and offers it to Borius. “You want to take first watch?”

Borius accepts it, passing a disinterested gaze over its surface before putting it on the log beside him. “Six hours?"

“Wake me then."

I signal with my head to Callidus as Darin prepares his sleeping roll a short distance from the merrily crackling fire. We retreat, gradually enough that it takes five minutes before I feel safe dragging myself up again, taut muscles groaning. “Aequa was right. They’re not going to let that thing out of their sight."

“They have to relieve themselves eventually. Or one of them might fall asleep on watch."

“I doubt they’ll go farther than the edge of the camp. And they’re Sextii.

They’re not going to nap on duty, even if they think there’s nothing to worry about out here.” I give him an apologetic look. “We need that distraction."

Callidus scowls. “Why do I have to be the bait?"

“Do you want to try and fight them if this doesn’t work?"

Callidus huffs. “What do you want me to do?"

“Nothing big. Don’t go setting the forest ablaze or anything. Something that’s just enough to pull them to the other edge of the camp. I can get close. All I need is a minute to sneak over, take the tracking plate, and get back into the trees.” I think. “Try and make it something unthreatening. Best case, Borius doesn’t even wake Darin before going and having a look."

Callidus raises an eyebrow. “So something distracting but unthreatening.

And quiet enough not to wake the sleeping guy."

“Easy.” I grin at him. “Circle around and start in about… a half hour? That should be enough time for Darin to get to sleep, and Borius to settle. Once you’ve done it, though, just run. Don’t wait for me. Don’t risk getting caught."

Callidus doesn’t argue. He understands the difficulty of trying to escape a Sextus. “After that?"

“Head back to where we’re meeting Aequa. I’ll have the tracking plate. I’ll find you on the way."

“What if you don’t?"

“Then I’ve been delayed. Just get back to that cliff and wait for me there.” I have no intention of finding Callidus tonight; I’ll be heading west, straight for

the dome. But a story about evading capture by two Sextii should explain the lost time well enough.

Callidus confirms with a nod and turns to go, then pauses. “What do you think they meant about tomorrow night, back there?"

I shake my head. I caught that too. “No idea."

Callidus wryly indicates the same, then takes a deep breath. “Luck, Vis."

“You too. See you soon."

He vanishes into the shadows.

BEFORE TOO LONG THERE’S STEADY breathing from Darin’s direction, a hush falling over the woods. Borius whittles down a stick with a short blade, mostly staring into the fire. He’s awake to watch the tracking plate, then, not ward against intruders. That’s good. He won’t be paying as much attention to his surroundings, and his night vision will be impaired.

It’s hard to assess the passing of time, frozen in place as I am like this, every breath feeling like it lasts an hour. I’m just beginning to wonder if something has happened to Callidus when I see Borius stiffen. Frown toward the opposite line of trees.

A second later a strong male voice floats along the breeze, faint but audible.

“… to answer her pleading request, to tell her the part he thought best, he told her she wouldn’t have guessed…"

I almost have to stifle a laugh as I recognise the tune. One of the Fourths was teaching it to everyone a few weeks ago—not much more than a dirty rhyme set to music, but catchy. Callidus is hardly the most impressive singer, but I suppose in context, his off-key wailing is effective.

“What in the gods’ names?” Borius checks the stone circle beside him and then stands, glancing over at his sleeping companion. My heart stops as he wavers, then takes a step in the opposite direction. Two. His head’s cocked to the side, as if still not quite believing his ears. The tracking plate remains on the log where he left it. Between me and him.

“… he liked her so much, he went into the brush, and now he’s…”

I will Borius forward. His hand’s resting on the blade at his side. Steel, not a Razor. A few more steps. He’s almost at the far end of the small clearing. I hold my breath. Resist the urge to move straight away. It’s wise; Borius glances back around at the still-sleeping Darin, looking torn. His eyes are black.

With a confused shake of his head, he makes his decision. Vanishes into the trees.

I don’t delay, scrambling to my feet and darting the thirty or so feet to the plate. A quick glance tells me it’s what I’m looking for: small coloured stones litter its surface, and don’t move when I snatch it up. I’ll have to figure out how to read it later.

I turn to go, then spot a cloak lying in shadow on the ground nearby. I take a few extra steps and snag it. It’s cold tonight, and while I can probably survive in my tunic, I don’t want to have to. Especially as I’m going to have to swim soon enough.

“Stop."

Ice ripples down my spine as Borius’s command comes while I’m still ten paces from the safety of the trees. I do as he says. Close my eyes. Only the sound of dying embers disturbs the hush. Once he sees my face, it’s over.

“Wha—?” It’s a sleepy half question from Darin.

I’m a hundred feet from Borius. He’ll be able to smash through the forest far more easily than me, but being a Sextus lends him no extra speed.

I run.

“STOP!” Borius roars it, loud enough that birds sleeping in the surrounding bushes burst into flustered flight. I’m already into the trees, but there’s suddenly a horrendous creaking behind me. Something scythes through the air, not ten feet from where I am. Spinning and smashing through branches with a roaring crash.

It’s a tree. Borius just threw a tree at me.

Birthright does not seem to be his primary concern, right now.

I dive away to the left, into the deep brush. Then I force myself to crouch and move methodically, shuffling rather than pressing on blindly. A twisted ankle will be almost as bad as getting caught, here, and worse—if I’m too noisy, Borius

will be able to pinpoint the direction I’ve gone. There are plenty more trees for him to uproot and hurl after me.

There are confused shouts from Darin, answered by a furious and unsettlingly close Borius. The crashing of another massive object thundering through the woods, though farther away this time. Before the deafening noise fades I lie prone in the midst of a thick clump of bushes, ignoring the prickles raking my skin, doing all I can to still my ragged, panicked breathing. I think I had enough of a head start that Borius could believe I got away. Rather than waste time searching for me, he and Darin will surely head for somewhere they can report what’s happened.

Borius rails at me, and the still-groggy Darin, and the gods. After a minute his raging eases to incensed shouting as he starts ordering Darin to pack up camp, and then there’s an unsettling silence. I don’t move, all but holding my breath, eyes straining in the direction the two men lie.

There’s nothing for a minute. Two.

Then a crackling of twigs and a flicker, light against darkness. Borius is holding a torch high, stomping through the woods, orange flame showing grim fury. He glowers into the forest, and though he’s fifty feet away, I still have to restrain a sliver of panic as his gaze sweeps over my position.

“I know you’re still here,” he calls, more of a snarl than anything else.

He’s fishing, of course. Desperate.

My confidence wanes as he bends down, examining something on the ground, and then starts walking in my direction.

Vek. He’s probably a capable hunter, and I was hardly able to cover my tracks during my initial, desperate dash. Once I slowed, I think it will be harder to spot where I went—and I did change course a couple of times—but he’s going to find me.

I force my breathing to a quiet rhythm. Judging from the trees he was hurling earlier, there’s no chance I can take him in a fight. I’m going to have to run; the question is when, how long to hold off, how long to risk hoping that he’ll just give up. The closer he gets, the less likely it is that I get away.

Borius picks his way forward, focusing on the ground, though his head twitches to the side at any hint of movement in his peripheral vision. He’s thirty

feet away. Twenty. On a different trajectory to where I am, but he’ll end up close enough that I don’t think I can avoid being seen, even hidden here beneath the shrubbery.

“Borius!” It’s Darin. “Ready!"

Borius doesn’t respond, scanning the nearby area, eyes narrowed.

“Borius!"

“Coming!” His head snaps back around in the direction of his comrade, shout filled with frustration. He puts his hand against the thick trunk of a nearby tree. The entire thing seems to shiver; suddenly it’s ripping from the ground, crashing against the surrounding foliage, hovering in mid-air. Darin’s facing me. He snarls and hurls.

It takes everything I have not to do more than flinch, not to break from cover and dive away from the destructive force that smashes past less than ten feet away. Branches snap and fly off, some raining down into the bushes where I’m hiding.

The forest swallows the final echoes of the destruction and Borius whirls, stalking away back in the direction of his camp.

I wait until he’s out of sight before I close my eyes and lay my forehead against the rough ground, exhaling shakily. That didn’t go according to plan, and the “safety” team was very definitely less inclined toward safety than I expected. I can still hear Borius barking orders, Darin sounding a mixture of defensive and exasperated. Receiving a small portion of what Borius wants to heap on my head, no doubt.

I give it twenty minutes after the last of their voices fade into the night, unwilling to chance their having decided to double back. There’s nothing, though. No indication that anyone is nearby. Hopefully Callidus is already well away from here.

Finally I crawl out of the bushes, stumbling to my feet and making my way over to a newly fallen log. I toss the cloak I stole around my shoulders and sit.

Enough moonlight filters through the trees for me to see now, and I bring the tracking plate up close to my face.

It’s about a foot across, thin but still with some weight to it. On its surface, dozens of stones protrude, firmly attached, and some—I think, though it’s hard

to tell in the dim, silvery light—a different colour from the majority. I frown, poking at them. None move. I twist the plate, flip it, turn in a circle. None move.

“Vek,” I mutter. Did it rely on Borius having possession of it, somehow?

That seems unlikely; he was checking it without touching it this evening. Could I have broken it, somehow, in the mad dash to get away? Nothing appears cracked or even chipped.

I slip it in my satchel, push to my feet again and orient myself against the waning moon, leaving a more detailed inspection for later. I don’t have time to waste.

I strike out westward, toward the river. Toward the dome.

OceanofPDF.com

LXVI I’VE LEARNED TO MANAGE FEAR, over the past few years. Accept its

lurking presence. Sleep despite its slinking touch. Strangle it down deep when I need to.

It’s different, tonight, forging my way through the forest in the thin moonlight. There’s a nervousness that grinds in my chest, sharpening every time I remember where I’m headed. The more I try not to think of the Remnants and the way they tore Artemius apart, the more the images slip into my consciousness. My steps grow leaden. I think of a thousand tales I might tell Ulciscor in place of actually going.

But I know that none but the truth will satisfy him. It’s the only way I’m able to force one foot in front of the other.

I’m confident in my navigation skills, but it’s still more than an hour before I reach the river that demarcates the boundary of the Iudicium. I pause on its eastern shore, staring across. It’s not terribly wide, perhaps a hundred feet, but it’s fast-moving and the current strong. Swimming an unknown like this, alone and at night, is not something I’d normally attempt.

And once I’m across, if something happens to me, I won’t be found. No one will think to look for me in Solivagus’s western quarter.

There are no options, though. No better choices. I strip off, carefully tucking everything into my satchel. Then I head down to the water.

It’s icy, probably flowing down from one of the taller peaks on the island; I brace myself against the sharp cold, teeth clenching as I sink past the reeds, soft riverside mud squelching between my toes. I press on, submersing my body as quickly as possible while holding my satchel above the waterline. I don’t

anticipate I can make it to the other side with it completely dry, but nor can I afford to have sodden clothes for the rest of the evening.

I wasn’t wrong about the current, but I make the other side with few issues, my bag dripping but its contents largely unscathed. I’m probably five hundred feet farther downriver than where I started, but that doesn’t overly matter. I pull myself up onto shore and then, shivering violently, start drying myself with my cloak.

My brow furrows after a moment. My skin’s being smeared with something dark. I rub at it with a numb finger. Some of it flakes away.

Blood.

I search for a cut for almost a minute before I realise there is none. It’s the cloak. A darker patch against the green cloth. Soaked in it.

I scrub it from my body as quickly as I can, trying to decide its significance.

There’s a lot of it. It could be from an injury I didn’t spot; Darin in particular barely moved the entire time I was watching, and being a Sextus, he could easily have been compensating for a wound. Or the blood’s from an animal.

Something they hunted, perhaps using the cloak as a sling to drag it back to camp.

Both are possible. Neither seems likely.

Borius reacting to losing the tracking plate with such violence was bothering me already, and this does nothing to ease my disquiet. But it’s a puzzle I’m going to have to worry about when I get back. Tonight’s task won’t allow for distractions or delays.

I wash the affected part of the cloak in the river as best I can—the smell of blood isn’t something I want on me, alone in the forest—before dressing again.

I’m still juddering from cold even after my clothing’s on, but exertion should fix that soon enough.

It’s past midnight now, I think. Twelve hours to get to the dome, run the maze, and then return to Callidus and Aequa.

I jog westward.

AN HOUR LATER I’M SWEATING, the chill of the evening and my swim no longer an issue. The woods are unsettlingly quiet here. Through the tops of the trees, I catch occasional glimpses of the mountain which conceals the crimson dome. That’s useful; several times I find myself turned around, the paths jagged and steep, most of my concentration taken up in making sure I don’t trip down one of several sharp inclines as I progress.

I finally decide to rest, sitting on a rocky rise in the ground and unslinging my satchel. There’s no birdsong, no buzzing of insects. The moon is high, providing light here in this small stony area with no trees to block it. I take a quick draw from my waterskin, then pull out the tracking plate I took from Borius again.

“Rotting gods,” I mutter to myself as it comes out of the bag smooth, no stones on it. I dig around in the bottom of the satchel, finding some and placing them hopefully on its surface. Nothing happens.

I stare in morose disbelief, then slot it irritably back and pour the stones after it. “What a waste."

There’s a rustling behind me at the words, one that would be inaudible if I was still moving, and my shoulder blades twitch. I don’t react, don’t do anything to indicate I’ve heard or sensed anything unusual, continuing to sort through my satchel. I locate and draw out my hunting knife, the only weapon I have. Tuck it in my belt before standing again.

The hair on the back of my neck stands on end as I press on, straining for any hint of pursuit. There’s nothing for what seems like an age, though it can’t be more than ten minutes. Then snapping twigs behind me. Distinct between my breaths and the silence.

I can’t take the tension anymore. I’m in another clearing, the light good enough to see by for tens of feet. I take the knife from my belt.

A low, rumbling growl fills the air.

I freeze, eyes combing the undergrowth. I’m not sure what I can do here.

Turning my back and running is a terrible idea; whatever it is, I have no doubt it will be faster than me. But I’m not likely to stand a chance against it with my knife alone, either.

The growl deepens. My knuckles are white on the knife’s hilt. Just the one animal, I think, but it sounds big.

There’s motion in the shadows. Bushes rustle as a darker shape emerges.

Dappled moonlight glints off two slitted eyes and bared teeth.

An alupi.

The creature takes another step forward, then another, gaze fixed on my knife as I hold it out defensively. I back away at the same pace, mouth dry. It’s huge.

More than half my height. Drops of saliva glisten, highlighting the thinnest, keenest points of its teeth.

I’m still furiously trying to calculate a solution to the situation when the alupi attacks.

I’m not even aware it’s coming until it’s in the air, all shadows and teeth and grace as it arrows for me. I try to twitch the knife into position but I’m too late; the full weight of the animal slams into my chest and right arm, knocking the blade free and sending me sprawling backward. Air flees my lungs at the impact.

My dizziness clears to slavering jaws filling my vision. I wrench around but the creature’s on top of me, and I barely budge. Its breath stinks of rotten meat and blood.

The creature’s eyes, inches away, bore into mine. Its lips are curled back, revealing what I’ve been told too many times are razor-sharp teeth. It growls again. I lie back, trying to show that I’m surrendering. There’s not really much else I can do.

The monstrous ball of fur and muscle continues its ominous rumbling.

Then, to my astonishment, it leaps off me again. Stands a few feet away.

I glance over to where my knife fell, but immediately hear the change in timbre of the alupi’s warning. I look away again, making it clear I’m not going to dive for it. The wolf stands almost four foot tall at the shoulder. Its black fur accentuates the wet silver of its teeth in the moonlight.

I squint. There’s a line in the hair on its back, a missing streak which is scarred over.

“Diago?” I whisper the name. Still how I think of the cub I saved six months ago, though this monster can’t be him. Surely. And yet I can’t take my eyes off the scar. It’s in the same place. “Is that you?"

I sit up and slowly, carefully, start to stretch out my hand.

The wolf’s snarl increases until it leaps forward, snapping viciously at my fingers; I snatch them back just in time to avoid having them bitten clean off.

“Right. Right,” I mutter shakily to myself. “Don’t do that."

I stay sitting as the alupi begins stalking to the side, circling me. Its gaze never leaves me.

It completes two whole circuits and then, as abruptly as it appeared, turns and pads back into the forest. Within seconds and before I can react, the shadows hide it from view once more.

I hold my breath, then exhale, barely daring to believe I’m uneaten. Could that have been Diago? Bizarre, but the coincidence seems too much to ignore.

Either way, I’m not fool enough to think I’m safe, nor that the wolf has really gone. The smell of blood on my cloak must have drawn it.

There’s not much more I can do than press on, ears sharp for any indication of the alupi’s return. If I was uneasy before, now I’m almost light-headed with anxiety. My nerves are an incline against which I’m walking, each breath harder than it should be. But there’s nothing from the forest around me. No sign that the creature is tracking me.

It’s about a half hour later, through the treetops, that I catch my first glimpse of the dome.

It’s with both relief and dread that I pause and greet the sight, the menacing red drinking in the subdued silver from the sky. The trees are thinning, and that strange, heavy muteness here presses down harder than ever. I trudge on.

When I finally break through the last of the shrubbery to the dome’s base, the alupi is waiting for me.

I stop dead. It’s motionless, on its haunches. It doesn’t react to my appearance.

I take a step forward. It bares its teeth and emits that terrifying, low growl, muscles bunching.

My blade is at my side, but I don’t reach for it this time. Visibility is better here without the cover of the trees, and I was right about the creature’s scar: it matches the one from the cub I saved. It must be him. His growth is close to unbelievable.

“Diago.” I know he’s not going to recognise the name, know the word’s not going to have any meaning at all to the wolf, but I say it anyway. More for my own comfort than anything else. “Diago. Do you remember me?” I take another step.

Diago’s rumble becomes more threatening. I retreat. The growling stops, the snarl lessening to bared teeth.

“Gods’ graves,” I mutter to myself. I’m glad the creature’s not attacking me on sight, but I still need to get past it. I can’t kill it—even if I tried and somehow succeeded, there’s no chance I could come out of that fight without a serious injury. And given that it must have been following me all this time, I doubt I can simply walk away and then slip back later once it’s wandered off.

I don’t move for almost a minute, gaze locked with the wolf’s bright grey eyes. Neither of us waver as I calculate desperately, all too aware of the time slipping away.

Reluctantly, I come to a decision. The alupi has been tracking me for at least a half hour, probably longer, but hasn’t attacked. And I can see the massive Hierarchy symbol that marks the entrance. If I can just get through there, I can shut the door behind me.

I take a step to the right of Diago; immediately the wolf’s lips curl back and that rumbling growl returns. I swallow, breath short, and take another step.

Then another. Diago doesn’t move, but he’s snarling now. Saliva drips from his mouth.

“Scintres Exunus,” I say firmly.

The mountain groans and the pyramid splits, red glass folding back. The alupi doesn’t turn or budge. I’m not far—twenty feet, give or take. Still too far to make a dash for it; Diago would catch me before I made the first step down.

So I take another sidling step, heart in mouth, hands outstretched to show that I mean no harm. It doesn’t seem to make a difference. Diago keeps growling and then takes a stalking, threatening pace toward me.

I grimace. Carefully unsling my satchel and place it on the ground. It will be a hindrance if I’m attacked, and it’s not as if I’ll need it inside the dome.

Then I confidently begin walking toward the entrance.

I almost falter as Diago’s warning thunders off the mountain, but there’s no time to waste, and doing this in such small stages is too much for my nerves. The first five steps are agony as I wait for the inevitable attack.

Then, to my surprise, the growling stops. Fades to a whine as Diago sits, still watching me.

“Sorry,” I murmur to him, not stopping and doing everything in my power not to break into a sprint. “I don’t have a choice."

Then I’m stepping into the darkness, twisting to look back at the wolf. It’s stopped whining. On its feet again, just staring at me mutely.

I shiver. “Scintres Exunus.” I hate losing the sliver of light from outside, but an unsettling few minutes in the dark trumps being mauled to death from behind.

The doorway begins to close. I risk a quick glance down the stairs, watching regretfully as the faint silver that would have lit my way dwindles.

When I look back through the shrinking opening, the alupi has vanished.

OceanofPDF.com

LXVII THE CAVERNOUS HALL IN THE heart of the dome is exactly as I

remember it.

Torches flare to life one by one, illuminating rows of columns as the stone platform bears me to the ground. At the far end, hundreds of feet away, warm light reflects off those three diverging lines of bronze set into the wall. The glittering pyramid symbol they form towers over the vast, empty space between.

I step off the platform as soon as it touches the floor, no time for hesitancy.

Stride to the centre of the room.

“I want to take the test!” I yell it to the walls. My words are engulfed by the enormity of the space.

Waiting for it though I am, I flinch at the voice behind me.

“I was known as Elia Veranius. I was a traitor to the commandment of isolation. I attempted to gain synchronism and remove the seal to Obiteum during the eleventh era after the Rending. I have thus been lawfully condemned to servitude, guiding those who come after.” The hollow-eyed woman with the snarled black hair and torn clothes is standing behind me. As with last time, I’m unsure how she got there.

“Elia. Good. Good.” I cross my arms, mostly to hide my discomfort. “Do you remember me?” I ask the question expecting no answer, and receive none. That’s alright. I don’t have time to waste anyway. “I would like to take the test."

Expression never changing, she brings her hands from behind her back.

Unstraps the control bracer from her left arm and offers it to me.

I stare at it for a grim few seconds, then take it.

There’s that same sickly, slithering sensation as I put it on; the hall between us and the far symbol explodes into activity, black walls grinding upward into

place. I watch bleakly, attention fixed on the archway at the entrance. I’ve practiced ceaselessly for this. Day after day after day. But I still don’t feel ready.

Don’t know enough about the rules here, or the Remnants, or what lies beyond.

“Elia. Is there any way to see the Labyrinth—the test—from higher up?"

There’s no answer.

I’m unsurprised, but it was worth a try. “What about a way to practice the test? Is there something like that?"

“An overview can be activated."

“Oh.” I wasn’t expecting a response. “Let’s… do that?"

Elia moves to one of the columns and presses her hand against it.

The floor grinds and shifts again, this time almost at my feet. I leap back in alarm, but it stops as abruptly as it started, a mass of perpendicular lines about ten feet long and five wide jutting an inch from the ground.

I peer down. It’s easy to recognise the patterns.

“This is the maze?” No response from Elia. I bring the control bracer up and twist a stone. There’s a faint grinding from the Labyrinth as a panel moves within.

And a corresponding movement in the version in front of me. Stone swinging across, exactly where I would expect it.

I frown down at the miniature version of the Labyrinth. “This is good,” I say slowly, “but I want to see how the Remnants move, not just the walls. Is there any way to track them?"

“Motion will be displayed when present."

“Ah.” I uneasily examine the small version of the Labyrinth, then the towering black one ahead.

Then Elia.

“Elia,” I say quietly. “Are you alive?"

No response.

“I… I don’t want to condemn you to die. But…” I take a deep breath. “I’m not convinced you are alive. Not really. And if I’m wrong and you’re stuck in this… state, surely that’s just as bad.” I’m saying the words mostly to myself, as reassurance. I steel myself. “So if you are not alive, Elia, I would like you to demonstrate the test.”

Elia turns and heads for the entrance.

I shiver. Assuming her compliance is an indication that she’s actually dead, it means I’m not responsible for Artemius’s demise. It means I have a chance to assess how these Remnants hunt before I go in there.

On the other hand, her being dead raises a lot more questions.

Elia reaches the archway; as she passes beneath it the air around her ripples, the passageways beyond seeming to waver before solidifying again. Immediately there’s a change on the ground in front of me. A bright, sickly green dot of light at the representation of the maze’s entrance. It doesn’t hover above the stone, though. It’s as if the illumination is etched into it. Exactly like the scrawled writing and diagrams in the ruins near the Academy.

A heartbeat passes and then there are three more dots of green light. All at the far end of the Labyrinth. Unlike the one denoting Elia, these stutter and wane, pulse uneasily.

They burst into motion.

Elia’s pace hasn’t changed; the black Labyrinth walls have hidden her from view now, only the near green light allowing me to track her progress. It’s glacial compared to what I assume is the Remnants. Their dots in the miniature maze flicker through passageways and around corners with terrifying speed as they converge on their prey. As each one moves, it leaves an etching of pulsing green in its wake, showing its route thus far.

“Vek.” I bring the bracer up, start twisting and flicking stones to block the Remnants’ way. The lights don’t hesitate when I do, altering course immediately and smoothly. Heading straight for the next most efficient route to their target.

I swallow. Work the control bracer furiously. I delay them for a minute. Two.

Elia keeps steadily, deliberately forward. Never increasing her pace.

She’s not even a quarter of the way through before one of the fast-moving lights smashes into hers. There’s a fuzzing, a sputter.

The other two Remnants stop. When the one that reached Elia begins moving again, her light is gone.

I stand there, cold, not knowing how to feel. Remembering what happened to Artemius, knowing I just consigned Elia to the same fate. Telling myself that she was already dead. She was already dead, and this is necessary.

My gaze drifts to the glowing green lines that traced the Remnants’ paths. I focus. Examine them. Replay my choices. After a minute, the representations of the Remnants begin to fade. Soon they’ve disappeared completely, along with the routes they took.

“I was known as Dorail Numinus. I was a traitor to the commandment of isolation. I attempted to remove the seal to Obiteum during the second era after the Rending. I have thus been lawfully condemned to servitude, guiding those who come after."

I don’t turn at the unfamiliar woman’s voice. Continue to fix on the miniature maze. On the point at which Elia and the Remnant met.

“If you are not alive, Dorail, I would like you to demonstrate the test,” I say hollowly.

I GET THROUGH FOUR MORE demonstrations before I can take it no longer.

In each one, I learn something new about the Remnants. The monstrosities start from the same position every time, at the far end of the Labyrinth, close to the exit—that’s good. When I use the bracer to switch paths, delay them, they immediately choose the next most efficient route. That’s good, too, I decide after a while. Perfect predictability makes this a puzzle of logic and timing, not one of bluffing and out-thinking an unknown opponent. The Remnants appear to be relatively mindless, entirely aware of where their prey is and the state of the Labyrinth, but not inclined to block off ways forward or simply wait by the far door.

Most importantly, though, they never vary.

During the third test, I see a potential way through. Assuming they always take the shortest paths to their target, and move at the same speeds, I can predict where each of them will go. And on the fourth run, I prove to myself that if I can time certain alterations to the maze precisely, I should be able to make it to the other side.

Maybe. Maybe.

I should keep experimenting. Keep practicing. But time isn’t on my side, and when a young girl—she can’t be more than twelve, vaguely reminiscent of Cari —appears behind me, long brown hair almost concealing her eerie eyeless gaze, I know I’m done.

“Alright.” I face her squarely. Blood pounding in my ears. She’s told me her name, but I’ve already learned to stop listening. “I’m ready. I want to take the test."

“Are you certain? Once through the entrance, retreat is impossible."

“Of course it is.” I gesture gloomily. “I’m certain."

“Then proceed."

My breath’s short, hands shaking as I clench them by my sides. I walk toward the black archway, calculating and recalculating. The Remnants move at a constant speed; I’m going to have to count out the seconds as I run, switch passageways at just the right time to redirect them. One mistake, and it will be over.

Before I can change my mind, I step into the Labyrinth.

There’s that strange warping in the air, a vibration that makes everything briefly shimmer, as if I’ve just walked through the surface of a massive bubble.

The hair prickles on the back of my neck and I’m immediately reminded of the aura around Melior at the naumachia. No strange visions here, at least.

The walls tower around me. Black and smooth, ten feet taller than the ones at the Academy. Their height makes everything feel closer, suffocating.

I shake off the chill that shudders through my body, start the count, and run.

One. Two. Three.

As scared as I am, as strange as my surroundings are, my hours upon hours of practice make movement something I barely have to think about. I turn right after five seconds. Sprint forward for another ten. Make my first adjustment on the bracer, one that should redirect the Remnant on the right into a circuitous reversal. Three quick turns, open the way ahead. That will cause the left-most Remnant to change course, take the easier path toward me. I shut it again after another five seconds. Creating just enough of a delay for me to slip past before altering its path once again.

I fall into an almost meditative state for the first five minutes, every turn a familiar one, every adjustment of the bracer practiced, flawless. I don’t even see a Remnant, though I hear one a couple of times, scraping menacingly along the floor in some nearby hallway. But my confidence rises.

Then I turn the corner, and see Belli’s torn body.

She’s pinned to the wall about five feet off the ground. Blood spatters the stone below her, pooling in a thick, dark crimson from where it’s flowed down her body and dribbled off her feet. Her face is untouched, though. That long, curly red hair framing a pale expression of pain and horror and disbelief. Half her torso is missing.

Shock. Confusion. Revulsion. Sadness. They all war for my attention, obliterating whatever focus I’d had. I stumble to a stop, half step toward her as if to see whether there’s anything I can do before realising just how foolish that thought is. How is she here? I flinch as she seems to flicker, translucent for a heartbeat. Blood still drips. This is recent. Maybe from not long before I arrived.

With a jolt I realise I’ve stopped. Am just staring. I’ve lost my count. Lost track of where the Remnants should be.

I gasp. Fear and shock threatening to overcome me as I register I’m about to end up the same way. That even Belli, the best of us at the Labyrinth, didn’t make it through.

Somehow, I force my legs to move. Will myself to sprint on.

I lost… five seconds, maybe, staring at Belli? Ten? That’s bad, and even worse that I’m not sure.

I pour desperate speed into my legs. Five seconds, I might be able to make the next junction. Ten and I’m dead.

I skid around the corner, and see the Remnant at the end of the long hallway.

Rushing toward me. Maybe fifty feet away.

If the Remnants were intimidating from a distance, they’re terrifying up close. A mass of edged obsidian that hurtles forward like a twenty-foot-high wave, chattering hungrily against stone, eager and formless.

I sprint toward it.

It’s faster than me but not by much, and the passageway I need is closer to me. I barely stop to turn the corner, letting my right shoulder slam hard against

the wall and allowing myself to bounce off as I desperately twist the corresponding stone on the bracer. There’s a faint grinding sound. I’ve been too hasty. Failed to close the door, sealed my fate.

A quick glance behind me shows me I’m wrong. Nothing but smooth stone, a newly formed dead end.

I don’t stop to celebrate.

I still have a path, but this isn’t the way I wanted to take. I try to refactor as I run, calculate the trajectories of the three different Remnants based on their speed, my current position, the current state of the Labyrinth. It’s something I’ve become well accustomed to doing during practice, but that doesn’t mean it’s easy. It certainly doesn’t mean I’ll get it right.

I run for another two minutes, lungs starting to burn, sweat trickling into my eyes. I can hear the chill, rattling scrape of pursuit at almost every turn now. I adjust the Labyrinth once every thirty seconds. Still no mistakes. I’m focused again. Trying not to let my success distract me.

And then, finally, I round a corner and see the shadowed exit that has appeared beneath the massive bronze pyramid.

The archway is open. Unguarded. I was flagging, but the sight lends a burst to my legs. It feels like I’m barely touching the ground.

With thirty feet to go, I hear a Remnant behind me. I don’t turn. I’m almost to the arch when another Remnant appears. About ten feet past the exit. Barely farther from it than I am.

I am going to die.

I keep charging at the towering wall of glinting, cracked shadow, refusing to falter. Whirling black death flows toward me.

I scream as I fling myself through the exit, into the darkness beyond, arm in front of my face as I slide along the ground and wait for the biting obsidian to tear me apart.

Nothing happens.

I lie there for a terrified, frozen second. Two. Just trembling. Gradually, I force myself to twist around and look back.

The Remnants fill the archway like jagged shades, only three feet away.

Gyrating shards of dark glass flail angrily at the very edge of the Labyrinth.

There’s a screeching, scratching thunder as they rattle at the opening. I fumble urgently with the bracer. Unstrap it and toss it away, as if the act could somehow remove the memory of my last ten minutes.

The exit begins to slide into the ground, taking the dim light with it. Within moments, it’s gone, maze and Remnants alike hidden from view.

Then there’s silence.

OceanofPDF.com

LXVIII FINALLY, I STOP SHAKING.

The utter darkness left by the sealing of the Labyrinth’s exit has been broken: this new, unsettling illumination is a virulent red, the colour of a dying flame, coating the walls and yet with no discernible source. A tunnel stretches out ahead. Five-foot-wide symbols are cut at regular intervals into the floor. Some of them are familiar—it’s the same language as from the ruins near the Academy, I think. Bloodshot light casts deep blacks where the symbols are furrowed, providing an unnerving path forward.

I don’t move for a few long minutes. Still trying to ease my breathing. I keep picturing Belli. The Remnants didn’t consume her like they did Artemius and the others. How she was still pinned there, after the Labyrinth walls had presumably retracted after her run and then emerged again for mine, I have no idea. And she surely can’t have been the first casualty of this place, yet I saw no other remains.

No telling if Iro knew her plan or not, but this was probably why they were heading west. Veridius must have sent her.

And now she’s dead. All in pursuit of whatever is back here.

Carefully, stiffly, I haul myself to my feet. Start down the passageway.

I must be underneath the massive Hierarchy symbol at this point, though there’s no indication of it down here. The red light fuzzes around me. Quivers.

Walls start to warp from the corner of my eye, and echoes touch my ears, the dying breath of shouts that sound as if they have travelled miles to reach me.

I walk for… a minute, perhaps? Hard to tell. The symbols underfoot continue the entire way; some of them repeat, but not in any pattern. I keep my focus on them, mostly to avoid nausea from the visual twisting around me. Are

they a story of some kind? A warning? Instructions for whoever passes through here? I hope not the latter. The air grows heavier.

The passage ends in stairs that disappear downward. I press on.

Before long I’m stumbling to a reluctant, nervous halt as the stairs end in a red-drenched chamber: not much more than a large room, albeit one with a ceiling too high for me to see. In its centre, several razor-thin protrusions of what appear to be bronze emerge from the floor, arranged in a circle. They’re tapered, pointed at the tips. Like enormous blades. The crimson light in the room is emanating from somewhere behind the arrangement, casting it in a nearsilhouette.

I hesitate, but there’s nothing else to focus on. No exit that I can see.

The warping in the corners of my vision eases as I approach. The bronze blades are about my height; they all curve inward as they rise, metallic claws grasping from the earth. There’s nothing inside their ring, nothing to indicate why it’s there. The air within seems to quiver.

Surrounding the circle is writing. A long inscription etched on the floor around the blades, spiralling outward. I crouch. More of that ancient Vetusian dialect.

I start pacing the edge.

“Herein lies the way to Luceum and Obiteum, offered to all those who would contest our… extinction?” I mutter to myself, translating. “Know that none who accept this task may… remain? The burden of…” My brow furrows and I pause at a word. “Togetherness? Harmony?” I choose the latter. “Is reserved for the one who seals the… authors? The authors of the war from this world. Only he may… exceed? Exceed the hobbled capabilities of this… duplication? He and he alone may risk… harmony… to make the great… sacrifice? Vek."

I shake my head, trailing off. For simple phrases, context can usually make up for the strange dialect and gaps in my knowledge. But this is beyond me. Far too specific. Maybe with time, though—with other Vetusian texts to help—I might be able to figure it out. I complete several more circuits, mouthing the foreign words to myself as I try to memorise the phrases. The more I have to give Ulciscor, the better my chances that he doesn’t consign me to a Sapper.

Once I’m satisfied, I make a quick tour of the rest of the room. There’s more writing on the far wall, several sentences, though this time it’s in the same language I found in the other ruins. Not something I can even begin to translate.

There’s nothing else. No other points of interest and, more worryingly, no way out except back.

I return to the ring of bronze blades, studying it uneasily. The way to Obiteum and Luceum.

The inscription around it is a warning, but its unknown danger still feels far preferable to the alternative. Even if navigating the Labyrinth from this direction should be simplicity itself—given I’d be running away from the Remnants, rather than toward them—I can’t escape the image of Belli’s eviscerated body.

Can’t countenance going back that way, right now.

And Ulciscor… part of me knows that what I’ve found thus far won’t be enough for him.

The air shivers and trembles as I stand at the circle’s edge. Cautiously extend an arm inside. It feels a little warmer, pressure on my skin. It doesn’t hurt.

I take a breath. I’ve come this far.

I step between the massive, curved talons of metal.

Nothing happens, to begin with, giving me just enough confidence to take another step, into the centre of the ring. I glance around. Nothing in the room has changed.

I try to exhale, and fail.

I can’t breathe.

My eyes widen and I try to shuffle back but I can’t do that, either. It’s as if the air around me has congealed, clotted into something that’s completely encasing me. Writhing panic begins crawling through my veins.

The blades forming the surrounding circle start to move. Grow. Curl inward.

They stop before they touch at an apex, but only just, no gaps at the base of the ring now. The bronze claws glow with white light, until suddenly there’s a blink of darkness and then everything’s coated in that dying-ember red again.

Except this time, it emanates not from a single source, but from hundreds of fine designs inscribed on the insides of the blades. Lines upon lines upon lines lit up in crimson, rippling, as if blood were pulsing through the metal itself.

The pressure on my body increases. Becomes unbearable. A relentless, crushing compression. Then, abruptly, it releases, but rather than bringing relief it becomes the opposite, a force tearing me in every conceivable direction.

Pulling as if trying to rip flesh from bones. I’m lifted upward, hovering in midair, completely helpless. I try to scream but there’s no sound, no air for me to inhale or exhale. My vision’s blurring. I’m fading.

And then it’s over.

I’m sprawled on the ground, sobbing, choking in great lungfuls of air.

Everything burns, as if I’ve been stung across every inch of my body, as if something has crawled inside my lungs and stomach and head and stung there, too. The encircling metal, I vaguely recognise, is retracting again. There’s a gap I can escape through. I drag myself desperately toward it.

I don’t make it before everything fades.

THE BURNING SENSATION WANES, TOO slowly, so much so that I’m not sure when it actually ends and becomes simply a memory that makes me twitch in place.

I don’t know how long passes after that. Shadowed bronze blades glower around me. I just lie there on the cold stone, shivering, staring up at the darkness, my mind doing all it can to cover over the pain and fear.

Finally I sit. Take note of my surroundings. The eerie red light has returned to the room, though it’s muted this time by what appears to be a cloud of wicked obsidian shards that cloaks the ring I’m in. Hovering. Quivering.

Within that black fog, I discern with a jolt, are figures.

“Who’s out there?” My voice is hoarse, words escaping in a whisper. None of the dark silhouettes move. There must be a dozen of them. They all have weapons, too, I realise grimly. Long blades, held at the ready.

There is a path through the cloud, though. An open corridor that leads to the stairs.

Uneasy though it makes me, there’s nowhere else to go, and right now I want nothing more than to be out of whatever this place is. I’m about to stand when I notice my tunic is dark over my left arm. Sodden and sticky. I gingerly roll up the

sleeve, using it to clear away the worst of the blood so that I can see the source of the wound.

There are lines, etched into my skin. I feel a chill as I wipe away more blood.

The red, puffy cuts form a single word.

WAIT

“Complete the journey, Warrior.” The lifeless command in Vetusian comes from the darkness. I can’t tell from which direction.

“Doesn’t seem like much of a journey.” I groan as I pry myself off the floor. “I thought this was meant to take me to Luceum or Obiteum."

“Complete the journey, Warrior.” Another voice.

“That’s the way I came in. This is the same gods-damned place."

“Complete the journey, Warrior.” A woman, this time.

I shiver. I don’t think I’m going to get a different response from whomever, or whatever, is out there.

I stand there apprehensively for a minute. Two. Nothing outside the circle moves.

I’m just beginning to second-guess myself when there’s a twitch in the obsidian shards. A ripple in them that glimmers in the red light.

Then they start to move.

I watch in horror as they swirl, circling the claw of bronze blades, flying faster and faster until I can hear the air being cut as they buzz like hundreds of black wasps. The figures standing in their midst don’t move at first, but it’s not long before they start to stagger. Twist. Weapons dropped, arms raised to protect themselves.

They soon vanish, the blurring black slivers a concealing hurricane.

Then there’s a sudden, stinging burn on my left arm again. I rip back my sleeve as new lines of blood begin to well, slithering cuts opening unnervingly in the skin.

R

Out past the bronze circle, the obsidian trembles. Falters. Shards begin launching off wildly to the side, shattering against the stone walls.

Within seconds, none are left. Where the silhouettes had been, only mangled, bloody piles of flesh remain.

U

I run.

Back the way I came, everything bathed in dark red light that fuzzes and twitches in the corners of my eyes. There’s a minute where there’s nothing but my gasping breath and the vibrating air around me. I feel nauseous, dizzy from whatever happened to me back there. Too terrified to do anything but keep my legs moving.

I ease to a jog only when the dead end of the Labyrinth greets me. Trembling, I check my left arm. Still only RU scored into the skin. Blood drips onto the floor.

The bracer is still where I left it, discarded in the corner. I stoop.

Reluctantly pick it up.

The arched doorway grinds from the ground as soon as I put the bracer on.

Once the boom of the rising walls echoes away, there’s no sound out there. Just like before. The Remnants won’t appear until they’re able to reach me.

I make some quick adjustments to the maze, allowing for an almost straight run.

Then I sprint.

It’s mere moments before the chilling clatter of the Remnants scratches to life behind me, but I’m already past, already into the main passageway down the centre of the Labyrinth. It’s easy, from this direction, running away from them.

A couple of quick twists to block off the most direct avenues of pursuit and, fast though they are, they never have a chance of reaching me. I’m bursting through the archway on the other side and tearing the bracer from my bloodied arm, lungs burning, within a couple of minutes.

Everything’s quiet out here. No hollow-eyed advisors announce themselves. I head for the platform, step on. Sigh in relief as the red balustrade pulses to life.

The journey upward finally gives me a chance to breathe. My hands tremble, gripping tight to the railing though they are. My left arm burns. I don’t understand what just happened.

The platform reaches its destination and I step off it gladly, allowing the dull red glow from the balustrade to provide me a few steps of safety. “Scintres Exunus,” I yell into the darkness.

Somewhere up ahead, hazy light ripples and filters downward, unveiling the silhouettes standing between me and the stairs.

I skid to a stop. There’s just enough illumination to see the empty recesses lining the corridor.

Behind me, the red light dies.

“Complete the journey, Warrior."

There are a dozen of them crowding the way in front of me. More. Not advancing, but no doubt as to their intent. I battle a wave of nausea. Back away, until I’m stepping onto the narrow platform again.

Nothing happens.

“Vek.” I frantically grasp the railing a few times. “Vek, vek, vek.” Spin back.

Nothing’s changed.

“Complete the journey, Warrior."

The words resound off stone. I glance in desperation at my arm. Willing that burning pain to start again, to signal that someone, or something, out there still wants me to survive. There’s nothing but seeping wound.

I take one tremulous step forward. Another. I have no weapons, nowhere to run. I’m going to have to try and break past them. Make a hole, somehow, and flee.

They don’t move. I suppose they don’t have to. I can come to them, or wait for death.

I’m twenty paces away, muscles bunching for a final, vain sprint, when the furious ball of black fur and flashing teeth hurtles down the stairs and smashes into the group.

I’m frozen only for a second; then I’m running headlong into the gap Diago has created, leaping over thrashing bodies and rolling before scrambling to my feet and sprinting up the stairs. Snarls echo in the tight hall, choked by what I can only assume is teeth ripping into flesh, but there are no replies of pain or alarm. Feet slap the stairs behind me, a patter of pursuit. Diago yelps. I don’t look back.

“Scintres Exunus!” I scream as the triangular opening nears.

Dawn’s first blush slams into me, along with blessed, chilly air. I don’t stop.

Risk a glance over my shoulder. I took too long to command the door to shut;

two men are already through the sluggishly closing entrance, eyeless gazes focused on me. More pour from the dwindling hole behind them.

I snatch up my satchel as I pass, fumbling my knife from it. There’s no panting of breath, no howling or yelling for me to stop from behind. Just dogged, fleet-footed determination. I don’t know how many made it out.

I run for the forest. Maybe I can lose them in the trees. Though I have no idea how their sight works.

I crash through the brush for about thirty seconds, the snapping of twigs and branches behind me indicating my pursuers are getting closer and closer, before I reach a clearing and realise I have no other choice. I stop. Turn. Hold my knife at the ready.

A half dozen men and women burst from the trees and slow, recognising that I’ve decided to fight them. They quickly spread out, though no communication appears to pass between them. My gaze flits to the trees behind them, but there’s no more movement. There were surely others. My skin crawls at the thought of more circling around through the undergrowth.

The six advance and I take my stance, breath short, muscles tensed. I’m going to have to attack first, and attack hard, if I want any hope of coming out of this alive. Not that I think there’s much chance of that.

There’s a blur of shadow from the corner of my vision, and then one of the men is down as Diago leaps onto his back.

The other attackers don’t waver, continuing toward me. There’s the terrible wet sound of tearing flesh, followed by a red-black spray as Diago jerks his head to the side, the man’s throat opened. The wolf doesn’t bother to check whether its victim is dead, snarling as it leaps onto the back of the next and wrestling him to the ground, massive jaws clamping over his skull and twisting. There’s an audible snap as the man’s face is twisted and ripped away, neck at an unnatural angle.

Four left, and they’ve turned now, clearly deciding Diago is a threat that needs to be dealt with. The three men and a woman leap with horrific, animalistic abandon at the wolf, grappling it, ignoring the shredding inch-long claws and gnashing teeth that bite down on them over and over and over again.

A maelstrom of limbs and snarling and blood.

I’m tempted to run again but I know there’s no point; if they could track me before then there’s no reason to believe that getting any farther away will help. I have to take advantage of my ally—assuming Diago is one and isn’t simply crazed—while I can.

I charge.

My knife finds the first of the men in the back, sliding between his ribs with sickening ease, right to where his heart should be. He jerks around with a powerful backhand, catching me off guard and spinning me, pain arcing through my shoulder. It’s not the blow of a normal man—not as powerful as a Septimus, maybe, but stronger than an Octavus.

Certainly a harder hit than I’d expect from someone who’s just been stabbed in the heart, anyway.

Diago’s growls are interspersed with shrieking whines as the empty-eyed human husks bite and claw at him; my stomach turns as I see the woman rip her head to the side, just like Diago did moments earlier, blood spraying and her teeth stained red.

My attack hasn’t gone unnoticed, and two of the men have broken off, including the one I stabbed. They come at me, no subtlety to the assault. It helps. I weave, slipping by one and tripping the other, riding him to the ground and gripping his head. With all my might, I twist.

There’s a sharp crack, and the man lies still.

There’s no time to celebrate; I cry out as the other man’s teeth find my left arm, biting deep at the back near the bicep. I slam him away but not before there’s blood pumping from the wound. I growl and summon the last of my energy to punch him in the head; though it doesn’t down him it does seem to disorient him, and I do it again, and again, and again through a haze of sweat and shadows and tears. Finally, when he stops moving for long enough, I break his neck too. It’s the only thing that seems to truly stop them.

I vainly cover the wound in my arm with my opposite hand, wincing at the sticky, warm fluid leaking between my fingers. Bodies litter the grass, tinted by the gradually brightening dawn. Diago is crawling away from the last of them toward me, whining interspersed with soft yelps. It’s a piteous sound, highpitched and heartbreaking.

“It’s alright,” I say softly to him as I drag myself over. He gives a half-hearted snarl as I reach out to him, but he’s either too weak to act or in too much pain to keep up the façade. I brush his head gently. He stiffens at the touch and then leans into the stroke, closing his eyes with a rattling breath.

I sit there with him, sprawled, the massive creature’s head in my lap. He occasionally whimpers, struggling to breathe, and I keep petting him, trying to calm myself as much as him.

“Thank you,” I whisper, bowing my head over his. “Thank you.” I know he’s just a wild animal, a predator that’s apparently remembered a chance act of kindness from months ago. If he gets hungry enough, I have no doubt he’ll still eat me. Yet I feel a bond with him.

Diago’s straining pant is getting slower and slower, and I don’t think he’s conscious anymore. He doesn’t have long. I want to wait with him, see it out with him until the end. But though my wound’s not fatal, I’ve lost plenty of blood. I’m spent.

I fade to the rasping sound of the wolf’s laboured breathing.

OceanofPDF.com

LXIX TO MY CONFUSION, DISGUST, AND delight, I wake to a lungful of

Diago’s snuffling breath.

The alupi is still sprawled on the ground beside me, but his eyes are open, his breathing regular and unhindered. He twitches away warily when he sees me stirring, stumbles to his feet, and backs away. Considers me. No growling, no teeth bared, just impassive.

Then he turns and limps into the forest.

I watch him go, worried the creature’s wounds will still overcome him, but knowing there’s not much I can do about it. Diago might be injured, but I am too—not critically, I think, but enough to make contending with an uncooperative alupi too daunting a prospect. The bite on my arm has mostly stopped bleeding, but I’m unwilling to peel back the blackening strip of cloth that’s sealing it. The whole limb aches, burns, and tingles. I just have to hope that it’s not infected, and that the exertion I’m about to undergo over the next two days won’t break the wound open again.

The cuts from the instructions on my forearm have stopped seeping, at least; the sleeve of my tunic is a congealing mess, but I can wash it off in the river. I’ve no desire to try and explain those injuries to the others.

I gaze at the words etched into my skin for longer than I should. One more mystery to add to the list. Someone helped me get out of there. Somehow stopped the way to Obiteum, or Luceum, or wherever it was supposed to go, from opening—if what I read about it was even true—and then cleared that room so that I could escape. But after all of it, I’m not even sure I know more than before the night began.

I can only hope that what I do know, will be enough for Ulciscor.

I shuffle to my knees and then my feet, vaguely surprised to find myself less sore than expected, less exhausted. After the battering I took from fleeing the dome, I should be barely able to move. But I feel… fine, as I flex and stretch my legs. Not energetic, exactly, but strong enough to push on.

The sun’s doing more than peering over the horizon now, helping me orient myself. I trudge back toward the river. Twice, I think I hear something following me and whirl. I never see anything. I don’t know for sure that Diago and I killed all the human-shaped husks that escaped the dome. It could equally be Diago himself, I suppose, trailing along behind me. Or some other wild animal.

I strip off and swim the river, though I stop on the other side to build a fire and scrub my tunic. The smoke will be visible, but it’s hard for me to care.

Nobody will be close enough to come for me in the next hour or so. And the Iudicium seems… not irrelevant, but a laughably small concern compared to what I just went through.

I sit on a log, near naked as my clothing dries. Dig through my satchel for some damp food, my stomach not allowing me to go any farther before satiating it. My hand brushes the bottom of the bag and I pause. I can only feel a couple of the stones that should be in there.

I open it properly this time, drawing out the stolen tracking device. Almost all the stones have reattached themselves; when I try to move them or pull them off, they refuse to budge. Nor do they shift when I rotate the circular plate, still don’t seem to react to different orientations at all—but it’s something.

I eat the last of my sodden bread, dress, and start the journey back east to rejoin Callidus and Aequa.

“WHAT IN ALL THE ROTTING hells happened to you?"

Callidus is staring pointedly at the tattered, still somewhat bloodied wreckage of my tunic, while Aequa examines me with what I suspect is a hint of worry, too. I smile and shrug, doing my best to convey that I’m alright.

“Alupi.” It’s the best explanation I could come up with, given the obvious wound in my upper arm. “Did enough to scare it off.” If I’d killed it, they would have expected me to bring back some meat.

“Ah.” Callidus sounds vaguely disappointed. “Need us to take a look at that arm?"

“It’ll be fine.” I don’t want him looking too closely at the toothmarks.

“No it won’t.” Aequa speaks for the first time, sharp and authoritative. I open my mouth to protest but she muzzles me with a glare. “No. No. I’m not going to let us lose because you’re too heroic to accept some help. That needs cleaning and bandaging, or it will get infected.” She’s already digging through her pack, looking for something to do exactly that.

I sigh. She’s right, of course; I did my best with the wound after I swam the river, but it’s still oozing blood and in an awkward position. I’m surprised it hasn’t affected me more, in fact.

I sit while Aequa carefully peels away my tunic, hear her sharp intake of breath as she takes in the full extent of the injury. “Rotting gods, Vis. You idiot,"

she mutters, the curse a surprise coming from her mouth. “When did this happen?"

“This morning.” I only allow her to take the tunic half-off, still managing to cover the writing lower down on my arm.

Callidus peeks over her shoulder, then immediately pales and backs away.

“Right. Well,” he says, looking a little sickly.

I frown and then twist awkwardly, trying to see past my shoulder and down, but it’s an impossibility. From the feel of it, I know the skin’s torn up and raw down there, and the reflection I could make out in the water indicated it was a large gash. “Is it really that bad?"

The fact that Aequa’s not answering, instead concentrating on cleaning the area—which doesn’t sting as much as I think it should, oddly enough—is concerning, but I choose to let it go and just wait patiently for her to finish.

Callidus sits opposite me, still looking green. “So. I assume other than the gaping hole in your arm, everything went as expected? The Sextii certainly seemed…

miffed, from what little I heard before I decided it was time to leave."

“They were.” I force some joviality against Aequa’s touch. “By the way, your little ballad was quite something."

Callidus gives a tiny bow. “So we have a tracker?”

“Yes and no.” I lean forward to get the tracking plate from my satchel, drawing a reproving growl from Aequa. I pass it to Callidus while trying not to move my arm. “The stones are Will-bound to the plate. But they don’t seem to react to anything."

Callidus rotates the thin, circular stone experimentally. “They’re not anchored around the plate itself, then. That makes sense."

“It does?"

“It’s more efficient, at least. You only need the medallions to be Will-locked to a central point, rather than to each and every plate. That central point holds the state of everyone’s positions, and broadcasts it back."

“Hm.” He’s right; I’m mildly annoyed I didn’t think of that earlier. “So what’s the central point?"

“It doesn’t matter,” says Aequa absently from behind me, most of her attention still taken with her task. “All you need is the alignment."

“Exactly,” concurs Callidus. “The plate just needs to be pointed in the correct direction—probably using this mark up here.” He indicates a thin line scored onto one edge of the circle. “North is most likely, I’d imagine."

I nod slowly. “And the stones aren’t moving—or don’t appear to be moving —because it’s covering such a wide area. An inch is probably an hour’s travel."

“Agreed.” Callidus is squinting up at the sun, then turning himself so he’s facing north. “We’re not far from the western boundary, so you’d have to imagine that this is us here. The little square one probably represents the tracking plate itself. And your stone’s missing a half, because you don’t have the tracker in your stomach anymore.” He nudges the leftmost group of small stones on the slate, one a distinct black semi-circle with marbled white streaks.

“Which would mean the closest team to us is… miles away."

“If you’re right,” I add, more to remind him it’s not confirmed than to suggest he isn’t.

“I’m right."

We continue to study the plate, but the longer I look at it, the more I’m convinced of Callidus’s theory. Most of the other groups are clustered around the centre of the island. Around the golden stone, which surely represents the Heart of Jovan. A quick test—aligning the slate, then using the tracking marble

we were originally given—backs up the idea, with both of them indicating the same direction.

“This has to be Indol,” says Aequa, pointing to a grouping of four stones around a unique white one, which itself is made of two tightly connected halves.

All the distinctively coloured ones are the same in that respect. “He’s the only one who could have convinced another two Fourths to switch sides this early."

“Iro’s gone,” notes Callidus thoughtfully.

“Belli and Felix, too.” Aequa frowns as she makes the observation, pointing to the clear area near us. “Belli must have got back not long after I left, then—I was worried the safety team might get there before her. She went to scout ahead sometime last night, but she still wasn’t there when I left this morning."

My stomach twists, but I push past the memory. “Looks like another Third’s been eliminated, too.” Aside from the Heart, there are only four unique stones left on the board.

“Speaking of which. You should have this back,” says Aequa suddenly, briefly stopping her ministrations to unhook the white medallion from around her neck and loop it around mine.

“Anything else we need to know about last night?” asks Callidus.

I think, then between gritted teeth from Aequa’s continued attention, tell them how Borius tried to stop me when I took the tracking plate. And then about the blood on the cloak I found. I’d almost forgotten about the latter, amid everything else.

“Surely he was just trying to scare you out of hiding,” says Aequa. “The blood could be from hunting, or from an injury one of them got hiking around after us."

“It could have been,” I admit.

“I’d probably have thrown some trees around, too, if I’d just been humiliated by one of the students I was supposed to be protecting.” Callidus is grinning.

I let it go and the discussion moves on to Aequa’s and Callidus’s time since we were last together, but their reports are brief and dull. Callidus never came close to being caught and made it here without incident. Aequa left Iro’s team under the guise of acting as a decoy with my medallion. For them, everything went very much according to plan.

We spend a while after that deciding what to do next: the tracking plate gives us not just a new breadth of viable options, but ones the other teams won’t know we have. In the end, though, we agree on caution. I’m injured, and while I can move fast enough, I’m probably not going to be as useful in a fight. And it’s smarter if we let one of the others try to take the Heart from the Sextii guarding it, anyway. Hopefully more teams will be eliminated before we’re forced to act.

Aequa shifts behind me. “Done.” It’s taken longer than I’d expected—ten minutes, I think, from beginning to end. Mostly painless, though, which I’m not sure whether to be concerned about. I roll my shoulder experimentally, feeling a renewed pull, and she slaps me lightly on the side of the head. “Don’t do that, idiot. Give it as much rest as you can."

I growl, rubbing my ear. “How bad is it?” She and Callidus exchange a glance. “I need to know."

“I think it’s infected,” Aequa admits. “The whole arm’s looking bad. I’ve cleaned and bound it as best I can, but you’ll need to see someone as soon as we finish."

I nod reluctantly, wondering how I’m going to explain away the bite marks to anyone who knows what they’re looking at. Not to mention the writing on my skin.

After a light meal we start moving again; Aequa and Callidus both suggest I rest at various points, but eventually my disdainful glares stop their prodding.

My arm does hurt, and under normal circumstances I’d want nothing more than to stop for a few hours and close my eyes. But I’ve already done the hardest part, exactly as Ulciscor wanted—I don’t think he’ll throw me to the wolves now, even if his questions about Caeror remain unanswered. All I need to do from here is provide myself a path to that embassy position in Jatiere.

I’m so close, I don’t think I’ll be able to make myself rest until it’s over.

We angle directly for the nearest team, though Aequa estimates they’re the better part of a few hours away. Callidus keeps a close eye on the stone plate, after a while announcing in somewhat smug fashion that he was right: pointing the tablet north, our progress tracks perfectly with the black and white halfstone, small square stone, and accompanying two grey ones.

We push on through thick forest, over streams, and across ravines, at one point having to skirt a bog of some kind for almost a mile. It’s tiring, dreary work, requiring enough focus that conversation is all but impossible. There are a few times I think I hear rustling leaves or cracking twigs behind us, and part of me wonders whether Diago has somehow swum the river and continued to trail after me. I don’t mention it to the others. I’m not sure how I’d even explain the possibility to them without sounding insane.

The sun’s beginning to sink when Callidus swats away another tree branch, peers at the tracking plate, and holds up a hand. “We’re getting close. Maybe an hour away."

“Already?” He’s been giving us updates throughout the day, but I’m still surprised. We’ve been moving as fast as we can, but given that we’re rarely following established trails, I didn’t think we would get here so quickly.

“They’re not moving. Everyone’s watching the Heart, waiting for someone else to take it.” He shakes his head, frowning. “That tracker is still spinning, too.

I’d have thought one of the safety teams would be there by now.” One half of the blue stone fell off the plate not long after we set out, and its corresponding semicircle began gradually revolving. Callidus’s hypothesis is that it indicates a Third’s elimination, but that a safety team hasn’t collected them yet.

“Assuming your theory about how the plate works is right,” says Aequa.

“Of course it’s—” Callidus starts to snap an answer back at her but then looks up, seeing our matching smirks. We’ve been wheedling him for a while about this. He narrows his eyes at us. “Yes."

We come to a halt, Callidus showing us the plate.

“Indol won’t know we’re coming for him,” I say, pointing to the white stone with the four grey ones clustered around it. There are another four clustered around the other remaining Third now, too—at least one a defection from blue’s elimination, we think. “We’ve been heading in a straight line for him, and he only knows our direction, not how close we are. He probably thinks we’ve stopped somewhere. But whoever else is left will realise we’re getting closer. We need to split up."

We’ve been talking about this—arguing about it—for a while, and Callidus and Aequa’s nods are still more reluctant than I’d like. One of us needs to take

our trackers ahead, not too far from the Academy itself, as if we were positioning ourselves to wait for the Heart to be taken. It’s what we would have done without the tracking plate. And it means that we can both maintain the element of surprise here and now, and force any team that does get away with the Heart into a slower, more oblique course as they skirt our supposed ambush.

“So who’s going?” I trust them both. I don’t want to lose either of them.

They look at one another. They’ve each spoken at length about why they should be the one to stay.

“We’ll flip for it.” Aequa produces a bronze triangle from her pocket.

Balances it on her thumb, then points it at Callidus. “Call."

“Heads."

Aequa flicks the coin into the sky, then catches neatly and displays it.

“Pyramid. I choose to stay with Vis."

I hold my tongue. She’s the better fighter.

Callidus scowls but accepts the result, reluctantly taking my medallion and then Aequa’s. I hand him the golden marble to track the Heart, too. “Keep an eye on this, and give yourself a good view,” I remind him. “I doubt anyone will go out of their way to try and eliminate me if the Heart’s already on its way to the Academy, but you can’t be too careful."

“I know.” Callidus pockets them, then sighs. “Look after yourselves. If something happens, no one will be able to find you."

Aequa snorts dismissively. I force a grin. He’s thinking about the deaths from the past few Iudicia—deaths I’m almost certain were caused because Veridius, for some reason, has been sending students into that accursed dome. There’s nothing to worry about on that account, at least. “We’ll be fine. I’ll find you once we have the Heart."

Callidus pauses again, as if he wants to say more, then returns the grin.

He slaps me on the back, and disappears into the forest.

OceanofPDF.com

LXX AN OCCASIONAL BLAST OF WIND rips up the hillside as Aequa and I

crouch, examining the maze of crumbling walls in the distance where the Heart of Jovan seems to be hidden.

“There,” says Aequa, stabbing her finger toward dual towers overlooking the deep, fast-moving river that flows through the valley. The ruins appear to be of an ancient fortified town. Not pre-Cataclysm, like those around the dome or near the Academy, but at least a century old judging from their disrepair. Aequa indicates the way the golden stone on the tracking slate is lined up with the barbican. “It’s probably in one of those towers."

“Difficult to get to without being seen.” Aside from the river protecting the western edge of the fortress, the forest is cleared for a good few hundred feet around the broken walls. We’re north-west of the Heart. Indol is camped across the valley almost directly south of it, if our assumptions are correct, and the only other remaining coloured stone—which I’m quietly hoping is Emissa—is off to the east. All within a few miles of one another now. “We should move south a little more. Confirm it with a different angle."

“Alright."

We start off again, keeping low. Nobody’s able to track us, but we’re exposed up here.

I check the tracking plate from time to time over the next fifteen minutes. As the ground begins to level out again, and the trees become thicker, I frown at it.

Then again, a few seconds later.

“What is it?” Aequa’s noticed my hesitancy.

“We’re going to pass fairly close to whoever got eliminated.”

Aequa frowns. “No.” She sees my expression. “No. That’s what the safety teams are here for."

I think back to the blood on the cloak I took. As easily as Callidus and Aequa dismissed my concern, it hasn’t been sitting well with me. “We don’t have to make contact. Just scout.” I rub the back of my neck when she glares at me. “It’s been hours since it started spinning, and the other two eliminations had both halves fall off the plate. I’ve spent a lot of time with these people, Aequa. We may not all be friends, but I don’t want any of them to die.” Any more of them.

“You’re in charge,” Aequa says, in a way that indicates she thinks perhaps I shouldn’t be.

We adjust our course slightly to the west, increasingly careful. The small square stone representing the plate’s position gets closer and closer to the gradually rotating semi-circle, until they’re almost touching.

Eventually, I stop. “It says we just passed them,” I mutter, showing Aequa.

Aequa peers at the plate, then back into the clearing we’ve just traversed.

“You want to look?"

“We’re here now."

We retrace our steps. It’s late afternoon, plenty of light. I stand in the centre of the open patch of grass and study the tree line, frowning. There’s a buzzing coming from some shrubs. Flies, I think. I walk over.

It’s the smell I notice first. Sickly-sweet. I grab a branch from the ground and apprehensively push aside the nearest bushes. I half suspect what I’m going to see before I do it, but the sight still makes me reel backward.

“What? What is…” Aequa’s behind me; she’s smelled it too, but I’m blocking her view. My stomach churns but I steady myself with the branch as a crutch, then use it to properly sweep aside the covering of leaves, other hand over my mouth.

Behind me, there’s a gasp, and then Aequa retches. I don’t even think to take my eyes off what’s in front of me to help her.

I don’t know how many bodies are in the open grave. A dozen? More? All lying in a terrible, tangled pile of limbs and torsos and torn clothing. It’s their heads that arrest my attention, though. Each one of them is split open, bashed

and shattered, flaking black-red blood infused with chunks of grey across blobs that are unrecognisable as faces. Flies swarm, feasting.

“Ahhh.” Aequa lets out a great, shaky breath, wiping her mouth and reluctantly coming to stand beside me.

I nod absently, still in shock as I try to dissociate myself sufficiently from the sight to make sense of it. I recover enough to turn in a slow circle, examining the surrounding hillside. There’s nothing. As far as I can tell, whoever or whatever did this is long gone.

“It’s the safety teams,” whispers Aequa.

She’s right; impossible to recognise the faces, but some are still wearing the distinctive dark green cloaks. The one I’m wearing, thoroughly washed though it is, suddenly feels foul against my back.

“And Sianus,” I add softly. I point. An arm protrudes from the bottom of the pile. It’s bloodied, but the serpentine tattoos are unmistakeable.

This time, I retch.

“This… this was done using Will.” Aequa’s repossessed herself more quickly than me; she’s still shaky but her tone has turned analytical. She points to holes in the ground past the mass grave. “There were trees here. It wouldn’t have been hard to hit them before they knew what was happening."

I take a breath through the cloth of my tunic. Light-headed, but after last night, also somewhat inoculated to horror. She’s right. “This was a trap.” I look around again, even though I know that if the killers were still here, we’d already be dead. “They knew the safety teams would come. They wanted to exterminate them."

“Why?"

“It’s an attack.” I feel a chill as pieces fall into place. “The safety team we stole the tracker from were talking about something happening tonight. We have to warn the others."

“They won’t believe us."

“They’ll have to.” I run a hand through my hair. “One of us should go for Callidus—"

“No.” Aequa lays a hand on my good arm. At first I think she’s going to object—I can see the fear in her expression—but instead she just takes a breath.

“We’ll warn him, but there’s a chance nobody’s even following him. He might be the safest out of all of us at the moment.” She motions to the plate in my hand.

I reluctantly take her meaning. “Right.” I check the stone circle again.

“Indol’s closest, then whoever else is left.” Emissa. Let it be Emissa. I feel sick as I wonder what we actually brought down on Iro. Then I glance at the sky. The sun’s already dipping below the tree line. “Should we split up?"

“Not yet. We’ll pass right by Indol on our way to the second team, anyway.

Once we reach him, one of us stays to convince him. The other can take the plate and head for the last team. After they’ve both been warned, we join Callidus, he throws away the trackers, and we all get back to the Academy."

I concur, grateful for her clearheadedness. We start to move, then I delay.

Glance back at the crawling mess of bodies. My stomach roils as I play out what’s about to happen.

“We have to do one more thing,” I say grimly.

WE START TOWARD INDOL, WHO is less than a half hour away, judging from the tracking plate. For the first few minutes we keep silent, scanning the woods around us, flinching at every imagined motion or misinterpreted sound.

“Why is this happening?” Aequa’s voice is small as it reaches my ears.

I don’t answer straight away. Through the shock and revulsion of our discovery, I’ve been trying to decide the same thing. It didn’t take long for me to wonder whether this could be Relucia’s Military-sponsored Anguis undertaking, that one I overheard discussed at Suus. I dismissed the idea out of hand, at first.

But the more I consider it, the more it makes sense.

“Who benefits from the consequences?” I can’t just tell her what I know.

“The Anguis. It has to be the Anguis again."

I can see it now. Can see why the Dimidius thought the naumachia was such a triumph. The Anguis being able to infiltrate Solivagus, kill Sextii and some of the Hierarchy’s most prized students, would have been unthinkable a year ago.

Now the question doesn’t even cross Aequa’s mind.

“Maybe.” I push a branch from my path, wincing as it snaps. “But why would they attack the Academy?"

“We’re an easy target. None of us wield Will, but we’re the sons and daughters of the most important people in the country. And they may not be aiming to kill us all,” she realises bleakly. “Ransom would be easy."

“And how would they know exactly how the Iudicium works?"

She opens her mouth, then changes her mind about whatever she was going to say. “They must have informants.” She frowns. “You don’t think it’s them?"

“I don’t know. It probably is. But it seems so obvious, I just wonder…” I hesitate. “Who else benefits? What actually happens in the Senate if we all die out here?"

Aequa glares at me for reminding her of the possibility, but I can see her considering the question. “I don’t know. Everybody loses. All three pyramids are represented out here, so they all lose potentially strong leaders."

I say nothing. Wait.

“But I suppose… Religion would be blamed,” she adds slowly. “They’re the ones who are supposed to be keeping us safe."

“They’d lose their hold over the Academy,” I agree. “Military would be asked to step in."

“That’s not reason enough to do something like this, though.” Aequa’s voice is low but vehement. “Gods’ graves, we’re about to warn Indol. He’s the Military Dimidius’s son."

We all have to make sacrifices, Quiscil said.

“What if I told you he was going to defect to Religion, once the Iudicium was finished?"

Aequa stops. “You’re sure?"

“As sure as I can be."

She doesn’t ask how I know. “That would be embarrassing. A big blow for Military. But it proves nothing.” Still confident, but the absolute certainty is gone.

It will have to do. I can’t risk telling her more. “I know. But if you get out of this and not me, don’t just assume. Whoever’s doing this, we can’t let them get away with it.”

We lapse into tense silence again as we near Indol’s position, the woods thinning, progress becoming easier.

“If we assume this is Indol”—I share the tracking plate with Aequa, pointing to the white stone our square marker is approaching—“then he must be on the high ground up there.” I indicate a rise up ahead.

“He’s set up to watch the Heart. And sitting between it and the Academy,"

Aequa says with a nod.

“We should circle around and come from behind him. From a direction his team aren’t watching.” I point to the grey stones clustered around the white one.

“It looks like he’s only got one Fourth actually with him, and the rest are spread out. Keeping guard, I imagine. Makes sense for him, seeing as no one’s supposed to be able to track him. But there’s a chance he’ll move if he’s alerted we’re coming."

We adjust our course, walking for almost twenty minutes as we slip behind Indol’s position. He’s taken some of the highest ground available: a small distance from the Heart, but with enough of a view to track anyone who approaches it. It’s the smart strategy for him. Patient and effective.

Finally we hear the mutter of voices, and I signal to Aequa. We crouch low, creeping forward until there’s a splash of colour through the trees. Indol has made his camp well, high up but hidden from below, no easy approach.

“So. Options? He’s going to think we’re attacking him,” I whisper.

“We could still just leave him to fend for himself.” I fix her with a stare. “I said could, not should."

“Hm.” I grunt, then shake my head at the angle of the sun. It’s getting low, and the need to press on is burning in me. “Nothing for it. We can’t waste time."

I press the tracking plate into Aequa’s hand. “Indol’s not going to believe just you, and I don’t know how long it will take me to convince him. Get to the other team. Show them what we took. And if that doesn’t work… if it’s Emissa, tell her what I told you about Indol. She’s the one who told me. She’ll know I would never have said anything unless this was about more than just the Iudicium.” I take a breath. “I’ll join you as soon as I can. Then we’ll go and find Callidus.”

Before she can protest, I stand. Walk forward, not bothering to conceal myself or stay quiet. “Indol!” I yell, raising my arms. “It’s Vis! We need to talk! I swear on my ancestors I’m not here to fight!"

There’s scrambling ahead of me, followed by a heavy silence.

Then Indol’s voice cuts through the trees. “Talk, Vis.” He sounds angry. I imagine I would be too, if moments ago I’d been comfortable with the locations of everyone else in the contest. “Try anything, though, and—"

“There are Anguis out here, Indol.” My voice is lower this time; I keep walking, into the clearing where Indol has made camp. I can’t see him, but I’m guessing he’s close enough to see me. “They’ve replaced our safety teams and can track us. I overheard one of them say that they’re going to make their move tonight.” I stop in the middle of the clearing, arms still raised. “I think they’re here to kill us, Indol. All of us. We need to run."

“This is a ploy.” Indol’s voice comes from a different direction this time.

Muffled by thick foliage, impossible to pinpoint. “Not even a very good one."

I unsling my satchel. Take out the bloodied green cloak—the cleanest one I could find in that pile of bodies—and lay it on the ground. Unwrap it.

I pick up the hand by a finger and hold it up, stomach clenching at both sight and smell. I turn slowly, making sure that wherever he is, he’ll be able to see it.

“This is from one of the safety teams. I don’t know whose, because they were all in a pile.” I falter. “Along with Sianus."

“Rotting gods.” There’s a delay, then rustling ahead of me. Indol steps into the clearing, horror pasted across his face in the waning light. Beside him, Axien emerges wearing a similar expression. “Toss it on the ground over here."

I do as he asks. Indol crouches beside it, looking up and around, still expecting some sort of trap. Once his gaze fixes on the hand, though, it doesn’t move.

“You don’t have your tracker?"

“Threw it up as soon as we started."

Indol grunts. “Thought about that. Didn’t seem like it was worth it.” His regret is thick. “How did you find me?"

“Stole a tracking plate.”

His eyebrows raise, though his eyes still don’t leave the bloodied hand.

“Clever.” The compliment’s hollow, though. Quiet. He’s as shocked as I was.

“Still got it?"

“Aequa does. She’s gone to warn the one team that’s left. Callidus doesn’t know yet; he went ahead with our trackers before we found out. We’ll find him next. I don’t know where the others are."

“I eliminated Sianus. He and Ava wandered too close to the camp.” Indol’s voice is soft. “Gods’ graves. I left them there for the safety team to find this morning."

I wince. Ava’s probably dead, too, but saying it aloud won’t help. “Let the rest of your team know, then split up. These Anguis are Sextii, maybe higher.

There’s no safety in numbers. We need to just scatter and run."

“Alright.” Indol sucks in a deep breath. He’s calm, taking this with more poise than I could have hoped for. “I’ll get the others to attach their medallions to logs and float them down the river, when they can. Or tie them to wild animals. Or leave them in place after a few hours, if they can’t do any of those."

“Good idea.” We both know Indol’s going to be the target, but this will give the others the best chance of getting away. “You should head west. Get over the river. I don’t think the tracking extends that far."

Indol acknowledges the statement. “Go and get the others,” he instructs Axien quietly. “Tell them what to do, then go yourself. No point in any of you coming back here."

Axien gives us a worried glance, but ducks his head and vanishes into the trees.

Indol waits until he’s gone, then turns back to me. There’s a heaviness to his bearing. He knows his odds. “What happened to your arm?"

I glance down. Grimace. There’s a black bruise travelling along it, visible through the tears in my tunic. Almost touching my wrist. “Alupi bite."

“It looks bad. Make sure Ulnius sees it as soon as you get back.” He turns to leave.

“Wait.” I have to let him know. It may be my only chance. “Once all this is over, be careful of your father, Indol.”

“What?” Indol’s expression hardens, but he catches sight of the hand on the ground again. Swallows whatever angry retort he was planning. “Why would you say that?"

“I overheard something. At Suus.” I keep my gaze locked with his. “It sounded like he was assisting the Anguis with something. And if he’s heard that you’re planning to defect to Religion…"

Indol blanches. “How did you know about that?"

“Emissa told me.” I thought he’d already figured that out.

“How did she know?"

My heart skips a beat as I process the question. “She said you told her."

“She lied.” He watches my expression, then sighs. “You’re going to find her, aren’t you.” He shakes his head, then digs into his pocket and tosses me something. A sack that clinks. “She’s the green one. Last one left, other than us.

Luck, Vis. If I don’t make it out of this… thank you for trying."

He gives me a tight, weary smile, then slings his satchel over his shoulder and disappears into the underbrush.

OceanofPDF.com

LXXI I CUP EMISSA’S TRACKER IN my palm. Check I’m still heading in the right

direction. Push forward again as fast as I dare. I left only a couple of minutes behind Aequa.

My thoughts continue to race as I force my way through scratching bramble and damp leaves, the shocked haze of finding the corpses gradually lifting. If this really is the Anguis’s Military-sponsored attack, then Relucia knows they’re here. And if she knows they’re here, they surely have orders not to kill me.

But on the other hand, she did say that only one other person in the Anguis knew about me. That I was a cog.

And if the Anguis here don’t know who I am, then I’m still a target.

Maybe, for many of them, the target.

It’s not fifteen minutes later that I’m bursting into a clearing to find Aequa and Marcellus facing each other. Marcellus looks ill. Aequa flinches at my arrival, giving me a reflexive glare before relaxing again.

“He knows,” she says, gesturing to the severed hand on the ground between them.

“Where’s Emissa?” I check the tracking marble. It’s pulling directly at Marcellus.

“She did what you did. Vomited it back up and used it as a decoy.” Aequa’s grim. “She convinced Valentina and Tem to join her, too, after she eliminated Prav. Those three and Titus are going for the Heart right now."

“It’s at the top of the eastern tower,” supplies Marcellus, his voice weak.

“She’s using the other three to draw out the Sextii on watch. Then she’ll go up there and get it herself.”

My blood turns cold. “How long?” When Marcellus doesn’t answer immediately I snarl, take a threatening step toward him. “How long since she left, Marcellus?"

“A quarter hour. Not more."

I glance at the sky, mind whirling. She’ll move just as dusk turns to night. I turn to Aequa. “Show me the tracking plate."

It doesn’t take long to see what Emissa’s planning, given how Titus, Valentina, and Tem are arranged. Emissa guessed that Indol would be watching, so she’s letting them be seen. Using them as a distraction for both Indol and the Sextii who are supposed to be guarding the Heart, while she slips around and approaches the tower from the other side. The fading light, the muddying of other team’s members being involved… it would have been difficult once she had possession of the Heart, but still the best possible start. Confusing to everyone except her.

I frown around at the forest. There’s something tickling at my mind. Like a sound I can’t quite hear, a movement I can sense but not quite see. Distant.

“Are you alright?” Aequa looks at me worriedly.

“I’m fine. You get to Callidus. Marcellus, you’re with me. We need to warn the others."

Marcellus unhooks the two medallions that were sitting around his neck and drops them to the ground. Then he digs in his pocket and tosses a small black bead alongside them. “No."

Aequa and I look at him. “What?"

“I’m leaving.” There’s shame on Marcellus’s face, but also resolve. “I’m not dying for this."

“You rotting, fetid coward.” Aequa spits the words and looks about to follow up with something worse, but I put a hand on her arm.

“Ignore him. No time."

Aequa’s expression is still black, but she turns her back on Marcellus. The boy hurries away into the forest. I let him go.

“Warn Callidus. Get him to smash my medallion.” I channel my father as I give the command. Calm and stern. “We’ve delayed long enough; these people are going to realise something is wrong very soon. And if this is the Anguis, they

may want me dead more than anyone else.” I press Indol’s bag of tracking stones into her hand as she opens her mouth to protest. “If you get spotted, don’t risk your life. Just run and get the rotting hells away. If my stone’s still on the tracking plate, I’ll know something went wrong and find a way to warn him myself."

Aequa looks at the bag. “I still think—"

“Wait.” I hold up a finger, cutting her off. There’s something from the direction of the deep forest. The same feeling as I had before, but more insistent.

A pulse of sensation, but not audible or visible. It’s growing stronger. “Hide."

“What are you—"

“Hide.” I hurriedly kick the hand on the ground into the brush, then forcibly drag her into the thickest undergrowth nearby. She has the composure not to protest, though she shakes my grip and glares with confused irritability afterward.

Ten seconds pass. Twenty. Aequa shifts, looking like she’s about to reprimand me.

There’s a rustling, and two men walk into the clearing. One of them is carrying a tracking plate.

“Should be here,” the one with the plate mutters, head bowed over it. The other scans their surroundings, eyes narrowed against the rapidly fading light.

His gaze passes over us. There’s no sign he sees anything out of the ordinary.

That strange sensation is emanating from them. It’s impossible to describe. A pulsing beacon that I know is entirely in my head, but that I can pinpoint in physical space.

The second man suddenly steps forward, snatches something up off the ground. Marcellus’s and Emissa’s medallions. “Another two."

“Little bastards know."

“How?"

“Doesn’t matter how.” The bigger man tosses the medallions to the ground again. Stomps on them emphatically, stone crunching as it breaks. “We just have to get as many of them as we can. Come on."

They vanish the way they came. The pulsing sensation fades.

Aequa and I crouch for a good twenty seconds longer before she turns to me.

“You heard them coming?"

I nod.

“Good ears.” I can see she wants to probe further—she doesn’t believe me; it’s the naumachia all over again—but instead she yields. “Alright. You’re right.

I’ll go and warn Callidus. Just… be careful down there."

We exchange tight smiles. Without anything further, she disappears southward.

THE DUAL TOWERS LOOM AGAINST the fading horizon as I run at a crouch, chest constricted, then scramble over a collapsed moss-covered wall and duck out of sight.

The guard’s footsteps pad along the other side of the stone a breath later. I feel his passing in my head, risk a peek out once he’s past. I can’t see his face, just dirty-blond hair hanging past his shoulders. He’s wrapped in a grey cloak. I have no idea what the men guarding the Heart would have been wearing, but it doesn’t matter. Whoever’s behind this attack knew enough to take out all the safety teams. They wouldn’t have risked leaving the last two opposing Sextii alive.

The man clomps around the corner, and I lever myself back up. I haven’t had time to question this strange new ability, but it’s proving useful: this is the third time I’ve felt the presence of someone before I’ve seen or heard them. Without it, there’s no way I could have made it this deep into the fortress without being spotted.

I school myself to patience, waiting before moving. As tempting as it’s been to simply rush in and scream a warning, I know it would be pointless; aside from the obvious danger to myself, Emissa and her team would just assume it’s a trap.

All I’d be doing is alerting our attackers.

I consult my tracking plate. Marcellus seems to have been right about the Heart being in the tower ahead, and thankfully—or perhaps worryingly—it hasn’t moved. The three students acting as Emissa’s diversions are nearby, most

likely hiding in a cluster of largely intact buildings just to the north. Hopefully she’s still with them.

As the pulse of danger dwindles from my senses I emerge again, keeping low, creeping toward the overgrown buildings. Dusk is fully upon me now, pinktinged wisps of cloud fading to grey above. Dead leaves crunch underfoot.

Everything else is silent.

It takes me two minutes to scurry from shadow to shadow, as fast as I dare, before I reach a large, walled courtyard. The remains of a fountain lie in its centre, arches surrounding it. I frown at my tracking plate. Scan the area.

Shrink back in horror as I spot the darker shapes high against the wall to my left.

The bodies are untouched, except for two areas. Where jagged stone spikes have nailed them, spread-eagled. And where their heads have been beaten to grisly, unrecognisable pulps.

Just like the safety teams. Just like Sianus.

My hands shake as I tear my gaze from the ruins of their skulls, looking for any other identifying features. There are just the three of them. One girl with long blond hair—Valentina. One with dark skin—Tem. And the other boy must be Titus.

I’m ashamed at my relief that Emissa’s not among them, even as my hands ball into fists.

“Do not mourn them."

The words are accompanied by an abrupt presence behind me. Too close.

Burning bright inside my head. I whirl, knife out and at the ready.

The man is tall and slender, narrow features cut by a pink-white line stretching from forehead to chin. It takes only a moment to place him.

The Festival of Pletuna. Relucia’s mysterious meeting.

“You know me,” the man says, cocking his head to the side. “From where?"

“I don’t know you.” I don’t lower my knife. “Stay back."

“Now, now.” The man’s gaze flits from me to the corpses draped on the wall behind, then back again. “We have time, young man. Let us talk."

“We have nothing to talk about.”

“I disagree.” The stranger begins circling. Slowly. Not coming toward me, but more as if he wants to get a better look at me. “Interesting. Oh, interesting.

Of all the people in this world, we two have at least one thing to discuss.” He makes an odd sign, tapping his heart three times with three fingers.

I ignore him. My knife firmly between him and me. “Why are you doing this?” I jerk my head at the Fourths’ bodies, never taking my eyes from him.

The man looks disappointed. “That is not the question, young man. That is not an exchange worth having.” He produces a knife of his own. Smaller than mine. He flicks it idly in one hand. Lets it roll across his fingers, the wickedlooking short blade in and out between them, smooth as water. “But I shall indulge you, just this once. We are doing this at Military’s behest, though they think we don’t know. They expect that like the naumachia, we will be eager to claim responsibility. They expect that this will solidify us as a threat to all the Republic, allowing them to push through new laws and shore up their crumbling power in the Senate. And they expect the Senate to demand that they take over the Academy, to ensure such a massacre of promising young leaders never happens again. Because they do not know why this island is special—but they do know that it is."

He continues circling, toying with the knife. “Of course, this will end with only one of our number being captured. And his interrogation will reveal that it was an attack sponsored from within the Hierarchy, a play to strip Religion of their control of the Academy. Though not who, exactly, was behind it.” He smiles. Shadowed and dark. “And even should others gain access to Solivagus because of this little incident, they will never find the gate. Because Veridius will bury it before he ever allows someone else near it."

My heart pounds. “I don’t know what you’re talking about."

The stranger sighs.

The air warps, and he vanishes from view.

A second passes. Two. I stare around wildly. Not sure what to make of it.

“Yes you do,” the whisper comes from behind, a cold blade resting against my neck.

I drop my knife and splay my fingers in surrender, otherwise staying perfectly still. The pressure on my throat eases, but doesn’t disappear.

“Now,” murmurs the man. “Your safety team knew not to attack you, but these others… well. I could tell them. But then they would wonder why the boy who killed their leader was being spared. And we can’t have that. So go. Claim your prize.” A note of pleased amusement to the stranger’s voice. “Now that I know we are kin, young man, I am so very eager to see what you can do."

I don’t speak immediately, fear and fury clotting my tongue.

“No. Relucia should have known better.” I get it out eventually. My voice shakes. It’s the wrong move, the wrong thing to say, but something’s breaking in me. The Anguis are responsible. The Anguis are responsible and at least in part, they’re doing all of this to make me Domitor. “I thought we’d come to an understanding. I was willing to cooperate, before this."

“Relucia?” The man pauses, then laughs delightedly. “Oh, come now. She just does as she’s told. Our little revolutionary dreams too small for the likes of us, I fear."

My brow furrows. At the Festival of Pletuna, I thought Relucia was giving this man orders. But the way he’s speaking about her here is fondly condescending.

“Why in the rotting hells would I do what you want me to do, then?"

“Because she is up there, too."

My breath catches. The way he says she, there’s no doubting who he means.

“She’s alive?"

“For the moment."

“Touch her, and I will find a way to kill you."

He chortles, as if I’ve just made a grand joke. “Win, and you have my word.

She shall remain unharmed."

I think. Scrunch my eyes closed in frustration. “Agreed."

The pressure on my throat vanishes. I turn carefully. The man has stepped back.

“One last piece of advice, young man,” he says quietly. “You should prepare yourself to lose that arm. None of us get out without scars.” He touches his disfigurement lightly.

There’s another warping in the air, and then he’s gone.

I release a shuddering breath once I’m sure I’m alone, scrambling over to my knife and snatching it up again. My sense of the stranger has vanished; there are only two fainter pulses from nearby, both from atop the left-most tower.

I peer up. It’s close, only a few buildings away. The square façade stretches perhaps a hundred feet into the air, though it shows plenty of gaps where time has worn the stone away. It’s in better condition than its twin, though, and its peak looks intact. No motion from up there, but there’s light. And no mistaking those unsettling beats in my head.

I slip through the deepening shadows to its base, and begin to climb.

The stairs creeping around the tower’s core are old and crumbling. A short waterfall in the river below hisses into the night. I ascend as swiftly as I can while still being quiet. If the stranger was telling the truth and Emissa’s up here, she probably has no idea what’s happened down below. Probably has no idea of the danger she’s in. That leaves me with few options. She still thinks we’re in opposition to each other; as long as she’s still trying to get the Heart, yelling a warning will do nothing except draw every Anguis in the area.

Which means I’m going to have to face whoever’s up here, and hope that Emissa helps take them down before they alert the others or kill me.

The pulsing above increases in intensity as I climb. Definitely two sources.

I’m still profoundly unsettled by the idea that I can sense people like this, but for now, its utility outstrips my trepidations.

I reach the top, stealing a look over the stone parapet. Torches are lit around the tower’s edges. A single man lounges in the centre of the battlement. He’s enormous. A half-foot taller than me, lean and muscular. Bigger than many of the Octavii I used to fight in Letens.

There’s no sign of Emissa or anyone else, but the other pulse is coming from a jumble of wooden crates and rubble on the opposite side of the tower. Emissa must be hiding in there, waiting for her team to cause a distraction below. She probably scaled the far wall to avoid the guard’s notice.

“Come for this?” The man rolls lazily to his feet, holding up the golden Heart of Jovan between two fingers, though he never looks at me. He must have heard me coming, despite my best efforts.

There’s no point in hiding. I climb the last few stairs and step onto the battlement. “Yes."

The guard finally turns to me. His face lights up in recognition.

“Catenicus.” A low and harsh delight to the name.

His eyes flood to black.

OceanofPDF.com

LXXII THE WILL-IMBUED ANGUIS SOLDIER SNARLS as he leaps at me.

There’s no subtlety, no cat-and-mouse here. He covers the twenty feet between us in a single, powerful lunge, fist drawn back. No mistaking his intent.

I’m prepared for the attack and still only barely dive away in time. Climbing up here, some part of me wondered if I had a chance in a straight fight, my victory over the Sextus in Letens in the back of my mind. Now it’s too late, I can see how ridiculous a thought that was. My opponent in the Theatre was barely a fighter, weak for his rank, and even then I only beat him because he decided to ignore me. There’s no crowd here. No distractions.

And this man… this man seems neither weak nor inexperienced.

The realisations come in a wave as the guard’s fist crashes down on the spot I was standing. The tower shakes as stone shatters, chunks the size of my fist spraying away off the side and vanishing into the steadily darkening void. I roll back to my feet, breath coming heavy. He’s a Sextus, then; no Septimus could do that. A cloud of dust drifts across the nearest torch as he turns. Brushes debris off his knuckles with a wide smile. “Melior will be watching this with great joy."

“Melior’s dead. Remember?” I give him a self-satisfied smile of my own.

Probably a bad idea, but I can’t think of anything else to do. I don’t have a chance if he’s in control of himself.

The Sextus’s smirk withers. His body stiffens.

He charges forward. No snarl this time, no leaping. Just midnight eyes and hatred and utter silence.

My experience against Septimii in the Theatre serves me well here; this was a common enough tactic of theirs, even if they weren’t actually trying to kill me. I dance to the side, unbalancing the Sextus as he adjusts, then at the last second

dive in the opposite direction, barely under a swing that would have removed my head. I twist as he stumbles past, punching him with all my strength in the kidney. It’s like punching stone.

He feels it; I can tell from the way he gasps, falters. That lasts for less than a moment.

He growls. Still facing away from me. Aims a punch at the wall in front of him.

It explodes outward, showering debris downward.

Then he’s spinning. Moving like I didn’t touch him, like he didn’t just slam his fist through stone that’s three-foot thick. Coming at me again, this time more deliberately. Trying to pin me against one of the edges of the tower. I can hear the rushing of the river far below.

The Sextus isn’t imbuing anything, despite there being plenty of rubble lying around: he’s either not skilled enough, or it will take too long. That’s my one advantage at the moment. Given how easily Ulciscor killed Sacro after the attack on the Transvect, it’s beyond fortunate.

We circle, me focusing on quick movements, not allowing myself to get cornered. The Sextus’s lip curls in frustration—he thought this would be over by now—and then he stops. Bends down and picks up a block of stone maybe twice the size of my fist.

Stupidly, I think he’s going to imbue it. He doesn’t.

He just throws it at me.

I dodge but I’m too caught by surprise by the simplicity of it, too accustomed to fighting by a set of rules. The stone catches me on my injured arm, tearing through my tunic. There’s searing pain, a crunching sound. I’m spun by the sheer force of it.

My left foot slips backward, searching for a foothold. Nothing’s there. I sway precariously, lurch to the side. Fall with half my body dangling from the tower, scrabble madly to haul myself back up, barely able to see from the agony.

My vision clears to find the Sextus standing over me. He raises a foot to kick me off the edge.

A strange expression comes over his face. Puzzlement, more than anything else. He takes a stumbling step. Then another. His fist opens, the Heart of Jovan

clattering to the ground next to me. The darkness fades from his eyes. The pulsing in my head from his presence dies.

He keels forward.

I snatch the Heart up before he lands on it and then wrench myself away, just enough that he slumps past me and over the side. I catch a glimpse of something dark detaching from the base of his skull and flitting back behind me. Blood spurts as his body tumbles through the air, a strangely slow shadow in the murk, until there’s an echoing splash when it hits the river far below. He’s face-down as the water carries him off.

I turn to see Emissa standing there, a short, dripping obsidian blade in her trembling hand.

Her eyes are black.

“He was trying to kill you,” she says softly. Disbelievingly. “Not just stop you from taking the Heart. Actually kill you.” She rushes over to me. Gentle.

Concerned. Her eyes have faded back to their normal, beautiful green.

“Pretty much.” I groan as I lie there, letting her examine my injuries. My arm’s thundering with pain.

“Why?” She hisses a breath as she takes in the blackened limb. “Rotting gods, Vis. What’s going on?"

“That was an alupi.” Breathing is coming hard, the wind still knocked from me. “But the safety teams, everyone here who’s not a student—they’re Anguis.

They’re trying to kill us all, Emissa. We need to go and find Callidus. The others are either already dead or running for the Academy."

Her face is pale in the rising moonlight. “My team?"

I shake my head.

Emissa draws a shuddering breath. I can almost see her compartmentalising, separating the horror of what I’ve told her from what needs to be done. She believes me, though. It’s hard to explain how grateful I am for that. “We have to get out of here, then. But not before I look at that arm."

“Aequa already bandaged it up.” I try to rise.

“That was before you got a wall thrown at it.” She forces me back down with very little effort. Smiles wanly, her eyes meeting mine as she cups my face in her hand. There’s so much in her gaze. Concern. Relief. Affection. Guilt.

“You used Will,” I observe weakly.

“We can talk about that later.” Emissa’s brisk as she takes her obsidian blade and deftly cuts away some of my tunic, hissing again as she sees the extent of the damage to my flesh. “We need to get you to…"

She freezes.

“What?” I crane my neck down at where she’s staring, but can’t see anything.

“What is it?"

“Nothing.” Her voice is odd. She doesn’t look at me. She carefully replaces the folds of my tunic and then stands. Backs away a few steps.

“Emissa?” I drag myself to my feet. “What’s wrong?"

“You need to give me the Heart."

I snort a weak laugh, though my humour wilts when I see she’s serious. “We have more important things—"

“I need it. I need to win the Iudicium.” She looks up, and to my disbelief, her eyes are black again. The obsidian dagger’s resting in her hand. “I can’t risk us getting separated. Please."

I stare at her in utter confusion, the sense of betrayal shockingly painful.

“You didn’t need to threaten me,” I say softly. I stagger to right myself. Toss the golden triangle at her feet. It clatters against the tower.

She gazes at it without speaking, hair hanging over her face. Her chest heaves, and I realise that she’s sobbing.

I take a step forward, concerned as well as confused now. “Emissa—"

The dagger flies toward me. I flinch, but not enough.

It buries itself in my stomach.

There’s a moment of disbelief, where I almost don’t register the terrible burning in my gut. I let out a little gasp. Too stunned and hurt to do anything else as the dagger keeps pushing in. I pull at its hilt but it’s too strong. Drives me backward.

Off the edge.

I flail. Topple. Emissa’s still looking at the ground, still shaking. I let go of the dagger and reach out to grasp at the air. Frantic. Searching for anything at all to hold on to. Knowing I’m going to die and not understanding why.

The Heart, still lying at Emissa’s feet, snaps back into my hand.

I have just enough time to see Emissa’s tear-stained face jerk up in confusion before she vanishes from sight.

I fall.

There’s no control, no thought of righting myself. Just pain and weariness and confusion and deep, deep hurt.

I sense the water rushing up more than see it. I was too high, this time. Too unprepared. Too injured. The impact isn’t going to be much better than hitting the ground.

I close my eyes, and finally give in.

OceanofPDF.com

LXXIII IMPOSSIBLY, I WAKE.

The world feels like it’s on fire; the first thing I do is vomit up water, twisting and coughing and hacking my lungs onto the pebbles around me. My vision clears. It’s night. Moonlight gleams silver off the river, which flows all around me, numbing. I drag myself higher onto the stony beach using my good arm; the other one moves when I command it to, but with significant accompanying pain. There’s blood dribbling off my forearm from small puncture wounds.

Blood still leaking from my stomach, red wafting away from my tunic and mingling with the clear water until it dissipates.

My fist is clenched, locked painfully tight. I force my fingers to unfurl.

The Heart of Jovan glitters in my palm. Cold comfort.

There’s movement up the bank. A mass of matted fur, eyes glinting as they watch me.

“Diago?” I croak the name. The massive alupi shifts, continues to stare.

I crawl a little farther, wheezing. Dizzy. Some part of me recognises that the marks on my arm are from Diago’s teeth. He dragged me from the river. Saved my life. I reach out toward him. He growls.

“Same to you,” I mutter wearily, letting my hand fall.

There’s no part of my body that doesn’t ache. No part that doesn’t feel like it’s been broken. That seems only right, though. I should be dead. Perhaps someone imbuing themselves could have survived that fall—a Sextus, maybe even a Septimus. But not me. Especially not in the physical state I was already in.

I lie on my back. The stars are bright tonight. My fingers reluctantly make their way to my stomach. Probe gently, waiting for the accompanying rush of pain, the feel of torn flesh, the gushing of sticky blood.

There’s tenderness—but not as much as I expect. I lever myself up on an elbow, gently pull back my shredded tunic.

The puncture in my stomach is there, washed clean by the flowing water. It’s still seeping blood, but it’s a trickle. No worse than my arm. And the wound looks smaller than it should be. Shallower.

I gain enough courage to press a little harder; immediately a pulse of blood slips out and I stop quickly, grimacing. Not miraculously healed, then. Just not as bad as I thought. It was, admittedly, a very small dagger.

It just felt a lot worse, buried in me and pushing me off the tower.

Emissa tried to kill me.

The nauseating memory worms its way through everything else. I can’t understand it. The thought robs me of energy, of any desire I might have to get up off the ground. She was upset about it, but she did it. All for… what? To win the Iudicium? Surely not. I’d already given her the Heart. And I know her better than that.

Or, I thought I did. A wave of bitterness threatens to overcome me.

My satchel’s still tied to my back; with an effort I unsling it and paw through its sodden contents until I find the tracking plate. Most of the stones are gone.

The ones from Emissa’s team remain, though, which allows me to estimate how far east I’ve been washed. Several miles, I think. That’s good. Useful.

I realise the marker for the Heart is missing as well. Another examination of the Heart itself reveals no damage, nothing that might have deformed it enough to cause the imbuing to fail. Strange. I shiver as I remember the way it flew into my hand. I was flailing, reaching for anything that might stop me from falling, and it just… came.

My ability to sense other people without seeing them, and now this. My skin crawls. Something’s wrong with me. A result of whatever that place past the Labyrinth did to me last night, I assume. It’s the only explanation.

Sick though the thought makes me, at least whatever imbuing was on the Heart seems to have been lost, so I can hold on to it without being tracked. I push my other concerns to the side, touching the black half-stone that shows my medallion. It hasn’t moved from where it was when I last checked. Hasn’t fallen off. And judging from the moon, much of the night has passed.

Urgency lends sudden energy to my limbs.

The aches persist but once I’m on my feet, I’m surprised by my body’s ability to resist collapsing again. My left arm goes numb with pain if I do more than let it dangle limply by my side, but everything else seems simply sore. Tender, but not incapacitated. The more I move, tentatively stretching out, the more I’m convinced that everything is badly bruised rather than broken.

I wring out the worst of the water from my clothes, head clearing enough to assess. Callidus is probably a half-day away, maybe more; even a small delay for Aequa would mean she hasn’t been able to get to him yet. But it’s equally possible that she did what I told her to do. Value her life. Run in a different direction, if the need arose.

I fish some sodden meat from my satchel and chew grimly for a few minutes, aware that starting off without gathering at least some strength would be foolish.

I toss a small piece to Diago, who’s still lying by the river. He ignores it. I glare at him. He ignores me.

Finally, just as dawn is colouring the sky, I reach the point where I know I have to move. Far from rested, but beginning to stiffen up. Too in danger of falling asleep.

So I start toward Callidus.

The day passes, my movements sluggish, progress far slower than I’d like despite my determination to press forward. Diago disappears into the undergrowth; occasionally I see him flitting through the trees, but otherwise he keeps to himself. I don’t mind. Partly because the creature still makes me uneasy, and partly because I think he might be scouting ahead. Making sure my path is safe.

My half-stone on the tracking plate never moves.

The sun’s burning near its zenith by the time I get close enough to start the awkward climb to Callidus’s elevated position. It’s a smart spot, with a view for miles to the north. My disquiet grows. He should already have spotted my approach. And Callidus would be quick to show himself, to come and help, once he saw my sorry state.

But there’s nothing. Just birdcalls and snapping twigs and the rustle of the breeze through leaves.

My legs ache, my eyes strain, and my left, blackened arm is worryingly unresponsive as I haul myself higher.

Up ahead, there’s a scream.

I break into as much of a sprint as my body can manage, tearing through branches and bursting into a clearing. My heart stops. Two men lie at the far end, and even from this distance I can see red glistening on their tunics.

Both lie motionless. One of them is Callidus.

“Vek!” The word rips from my throat. I dart over, skidding to my knees beside my friend.

Callidus is on his side; the other man is staring sightlessly at the sky, throat torn clean out. I gently roll Callidus over, groaning as I see the wicked cuts across his chest and stomach and arms. He’s lost a lot of blood.

I start as he suddenly gives a rasping, sputtering cough.

“Callidus.” I tear a strip from my tunic, begin binding the wounds as best I can while cushioning his head with a hand. “Callidus. Wake up."

Callidus stirs. Moans. His eyes flutter open. “Vis?"

“Stay still. You’re injured."

“Really?” Callidus gives another cough, then a strange, uneasy wheeze. “But I feel so good."

“Maybe I’ll just leave you here, then.” I smile, though I doubt it’s doing anything to hide my concern. There’s blood everywhere. “Don’t worry. I can get you back."

Callidus eyes me. “Are you sure you don’t need me to get you back?” He coughs again. There’s a fleck of blood at the corner of his mouth. “Gods’ graves, man. You look terrible."

I bark a laugh that’s half choked with fear. “I’ll manage. Just need to tie up these gashes a bit better.” I tear another strip. “What happened?” I don’t really need to know, but it’s the only thing I can think of to keep him talking. To keep him with me.

“Not sure. Minding my own business, and then… this.” He turns his head weakly to look across at the dead man. “He was angry. Kept saying he’d been left behind. Was talking about how he was going to take his time with me.

Charming fellow. Must have had me for an hour, at least, before that alupi came and ripped out his throat.” He wheezes. “Good times."

“He was Anguis. They assassinated the safety teams, got their tracking plates.

Tried to kill all of us."

“I… wondered. Aequa?"

“I don’t know.” She must have been forced away from here. I shouldn’t have told her not to risk it. “A lot of the Fourths didn’t make it. And Sianus."

“Rotting gods."

“See? Things aren’t so bad for us."

“I feel so lucky."

“Exactly. Now hold on. I’m going to pick you up. This… will probably hurt."

I try to lift him as carefully as I can, but my left arm’s excruciating and all but useless; I’m hardly able to carry him at all, let alone smoothly. Callidus lets out an agonised moan as I awkwardly cradle him.

“Didn’t… hurt… at all,” he gasps.

I start walking.

“You… should take this."

I seriously consider throwing away the white medallion he’s offering me, but it sounds like the attacker Diago killed was the last one. If it wasn’t so important —if it didn’t, perhaps, mean all the difference for me—I’d do it without a second’s thought, and to rot with the Iudicium. But I need it. I still, after all this blood and pain, need to win. So I take it awkwardly and drop it in my pocket.

“Vis?” Callidus sounds sleepy.

“Stay awake, Callidus."

“You’ll tell my father?"

“Tell him what?"

“Why I was in Seven.” He gives a little sigh. “You don’t have to mention Belli.

Better to say you don’t know who it was. But I… I really want him to know."

I don’t tell him that Belli’s dead. I’m not even sure how much it would register.

“I’ll tell him.” The lump in my throat hurts. I don’t know what else to say.

We stumble on for a while. I do my best to talk, though I need every breath to keep going. I make jokes. Complain about how heavy he is. Tell him how jealous

he’s going to be when we’re both in the Senate, and I’m explaining to everyone how I single-handedly saved him. Callidus is silent for the most part, just speaking enough to indicate he’s still with me.

At one point, I’m babbling about the time of year, and something occurs to me. “What’s the date today?"

“I… don’t know. Seventh… day… of Jovanius?"

I give a single, helpless laugh. That’s what I thought.

“What… is it?"

I plod on. “Nothing. Just funny how quickly time goes."

I remembered it once or twice, in the lead-up to the Iudicium, but this is the first time it’s struck me since then.

Today is my eighteenth birthday.

I DON’T KNOW WHAT TIME Callidus dies.

He slips first into a rasping unconsciousness, perhaps an hour after we start out. I try to wake him, but it’s to no avail. I know that if I stop, I won’t be able to go on again. So I keep moving. Keep carrying him. Still talk, now and then, even though I know he can’t hear me. Encourage him. Exhort him. Demand he stay alive.

It’s only when I’m excitedly relaying the fact that I can see the Academy up ahead that I realise there’s no rise and fall to his chest. I push on, even as my vision starts blurring. I don’t know what else to do.

The guards at the entrance see me coming up the path from a distance away, rush to help. I snarl at them. Shrug off their hands. Keep walking. They look at each other, then follow without a word.

I don’t see anyone else until I reach the quadrum. The sun is beginning to dip in the west. This is the last hour of the Iudicium, I realise vaguely. A half hour later, and all of this would have been even more pointless than it already is.

Veridius is at the top of the stairs to the Temple of Jovan. He’s addressing the school. Talking about the attack. The tragedy of it. The losses. Emissa’s up there next to him, face drawn, eyes red. So is Indol. Iro. Aequa. A few other Fourths.

Not as many as I would have hoped.

Veridius stutters to a halt as he spots me staggering into view.

There’s a hushed murmur, a rippling of movement as faces turn toward me. I stumble forward. The crowd parts. Silent. Their faces are white. Horrified. I don’t know whether they’re looking at me or the body in my arms. I don’t care.

I lay Callidus gently on the stone at Veridius’s feet. Meet his gaze, then Emissa’s stunned, horrified one. Put all my venom into my voice, keeping it low so that only they two can hear. Blood coats every part of my skin. I must look a nightmare made flesh.

“I’m going to make sure you burn for this."

As the last light of afternoon fades from the quadrum, with the last of my strength, I slam the golden pyramid into place on Jovan’s chest.

And then, my task complete, I collapse to the stone and embrace the escape of oblivion.

OceanofPDF.com

LXXIV I FADE IN AND OUT of reality.

I am in the infirmary. In that same bed I was in the first time I came to the Academy. Emissa and Indol and Belli curious about me, curious about the destroyed Transvect. One of them dead now. One of them broke my heart. I see their afterimages, like ghosts. Belli at the door. Emissa peering down at me.

Smiling. Beautiful.

Then sleep, then a parade of faces. Callidus joking about his death. Aequa promising to warn him. Eidhin refusing his place in the Iudicium.

Tear-stained Emissa stabbing me over, and over, and over.

Then, finally, my father. Sitting beside my bed, face drawn. As real as I could imagine him to be, but unchanged by the years. Another figment. Blurred by exhaustion and pain.

He sees my eyes open. Sees me looking at him. Smiles gently, with such tenderness and grief that my heart can take it no longer, and I feel tears welling. I try to move to wipe them away but I can’t; I’m bound to the bed. Immobilised.

There are tears in my father’s eyes, too. I have only ever seen him cry once before. It only makes me sadder.

“My boy.” Heartache in the words. He reaches over and clasps my shoulder.

Resting his hand there. No different to any other human’s embrace, and yet it means everything.

I close my eyes against the pain remembering his loss brings. Hate that this spectre can give me more comfort with a touch than anyone living. My breath’s short, emotion threatening to choke me.

“You’re dead."

His look of sorrow deepens. “Yes,” he says softly.

I nod. Grit my teeth as his admission settles in the pit of my stomach. I wanted him to be alive. To be real. I wanted it more badly than anything I have ever wanted. The realisation breaks something in me. I shake with sobs. Tears and snot trickling down my face. Near four years of scars, opened in an instant.

“I’m so alone,” I whisper to him. I feel the words with all my hopeless heart.

Then he’s there. Kneeling by the bed. Cradling me, head pressed against mine, and we weep together.

Finally my choking subsides and he leans back, wiping my face tenderly with the edge of the sheet. “I never wanted this for you,” he tells me. “But I am proud, Diago. Proud of the decisions you have made, of the strength you have shown, of the man you have become. Proud beyond measure.” He strokes my forehead.

Pushes back strands of hair. “I know it will be painful, but you cannot give up now. Remember who you are.” He pauses, moves as if doing something just out of sight. “You have to fight."

“Why?” I croak the word, looking up at him. Heavy-hearted, but I don’t know what else to say. “I’ve tried. I’ve tried so hard to live in this world and still be me. Still be your son. But what’s the point? Suus is still gone, and the Hierarchy still takes everything from me, one way or another.” I think of Callidus, lifeless and cold in my arms. I’m hollow, though. Have no more tears to shed. “I can’t do this anymore. I can’t lose anyone else, Father. I just… can’t."

“You mourn your friend.” He cups my cheek in his hand. “But death is a doorway, Son. You will see him again. No one is ever truly lost.” He leans down and presses his lips gently to my forehead. “I am so glad I got to see you again.

Even if it is too short. Even if it ends up being the last time.” His voice cracks a little. Aching. “I love you, Diago. I love you, Son. Never forget that."

He turns as if ripping himself away. Starts walking from my vision.

“Don’t go.” I know he’s not real, but I can’t help myself. Pleading. My voice weak and breaking. “Please, Father. Don’t leave me."

He doesn’t stop.

“Courage,” I hear him whisper as he vanishes into the darkness of the dream.

WHEN I WAKE, VERIDIUS IS where I imagined my father was.

I rasp, and the man stirs from where he was dozing in the chair. He’s wearing his white physician’s cloak. I force my eyes to stay open, take another uneasy breath. Even that hurts. My lungs burn. My body aches all over.

When I try to move, I can’t. A quick, panicked jerk confirms it. I wasn’t imagining being bound to the bed.

“Easy, Vis.” Veridius sounds weary. He turns to someone behind him. “Go and fetch the committee. They’ll want to know he’s awake."

Out of sight, I hear someone shuffling away.

“Am I a prisoner?” The croaking words scald my throat, and I give a halfretching cough afterward. Talking is going to be difficult.

“No.” Veridius pauses, as if considering the question again. “No."

“Why—"

“We needed to keep you still.” He’s talking gently. My expression must give away my confusion because he leans forward and loosens the bindings around my chest. Carefully draws back the sheet on my left side. “I’m sorry."

I look down. There’s a disconnect, a moment where my mind refuses to accept what I’m seeing. My left shoulder is swathed in white bandages, clean and tightly wrapped.

There’s nothing attached to it.

I stare. Hands trembling. Hand trembling. It feels like the arm’s still there. I can see it’s gone, but throbbing discomfort shoots down it nonetheless.

“It was some kind of rot. There was no saving it."

I still don’t say anything. There’s newfound anger and frustration and hopelessness, but I’m weary of the emotions. They’ve lost all meaning to me.

Veridius glances around the otherwise empty room. Lowers his voice.

“Your blood’s been tainted, Vis. If the wrong people see it, they’ll kill you. So when I say I need you to be honest with me about what happened, I am not understating the situation.” He waits, checks that I understand. “You ran the Labyrinth in the ruins, didn’t you?"

I just nod. Too disoriented and in pain to come up with a good story, if there even is one to be had.

“The writing on your arm. Was that help getting back out?"

Another weak nod.

To my surprise a small, irrepressible smile flickers on Veridius’s face. “How did you know the Labyrinth was there?"

“Ulciscor.” My voice grinds; Veridius quickly holds a mug to my lips and I slurp greedily, water trickling down my chin. “He was convinced… it had something to do with you… murdering Caeror."

“Gods’ graves, I wish that man would just listen.” Veridius sounds drained.

“Did you see anyone else in there?"

“Belli’s dead.” I grate it flatly. Let him know I know it’s his fault.

Veridius hangs his head, and doesn’t respond.

“Emissa will want to see you,” he says eventually. “She’s been distraught."

“She tried to kill me."

“She didn’t."

“I was there."

“No, she…” He grimaces. “It was your blood. She thought you were past saving. She wants to see you. Just… it might be easier to let her explain."

“I don’t want to see her."

There are faint sounds outside in the hall. Voices. Veridius hisses in frustration. “We’re out of time. You’re going to need to trust me, Vis. Things are about to get very complicated. Tell the committee you want to join Religion.

That you want to be an Imperator under Magnus Tertius Pileus. This isn’t anything to do with politics.” The words rush from his mouth. He pours all he has into them. “Please. We need your help avoiding the next Cataclysm."

Behind him, the door swings open, and whatever else Veridius was going to say is lost.

Eidhin enters.

I barely register who it is; Veridius’s last claim is so grand, so outlandish, that I’m having trouble processing it. With an effort I push it to the side, focusing again. The hulking boy coming toward us has dark circles beneath his eyes. He’s looking at Veridius. “They are outside."

Veridius sighs. “Let me talk to them.” He leaves, shutting the door behind him.

Eidhin walks over to my bed and sits next to it. We study each other, and then he gives me a single, meaningful nod. He’s relieved to see me awake. He’s pained

by everything that’s happened.

I shift my gaze to the far wall.

“He didn’t want to come.” I admit the miserable words to the silence.

“Yes, he did.” Quiet and calm. Sure.

“I tried to save him.” My voice cracks. “I tried, Eidhin."

“I know.” No judgment. No blame.

“They weren’t even looking for him. They were looking for me. It was just so…” I curse. Bitter and low. “It was so meaningless."

Eidhin glances around at the sound of an argument out in the hallway.

Stands again and leans over. Grips me by my good shoulder and waits there until I reluctantly meet his gaze.

“No.” His eyes are sad. “Death is only meaningless if it does not change us, Vis."

The door to the infirmary opens again and Eidhin lets go. Steps back.

“When you are well, we will celebrate him together,” he promises softly.

He turns away and politely skirts Veridius and the other men entering.

Leaving before he’s ordered to go.

Three strangers approach my bed now, none of them familiar, but all looking infinitely relieved to see me awake. “Thank the gods,” says the short, bearded one on the right, smiling broadly. He claps Veridius on the back. “Marvellous work, Principalis.” He’s an older man, in his fifties, more than a few streaks of grey at his temples. The other two are of a similar age. All senators, judging from the purple on their togas.

“He’s still weak, not out of danger yet. Don’t make him talk too much."

Veridius doesn’t hide his displeasure at the men’s presence. “But it appears you’ll still have your hero, Magnus Quartus. Still have your Domitor."

Of course. The Iudicium has already been a disaster of unimaginable magnitude for Religion. But my death at the hands of the Anguis, given my reputation after the naumachia, would have been a blow from which they may never have recovered.

“Domitor Vis Telimus. I extend the congratulations of the Senate on your victory, especially under these trying circumstances. I am Magnus Quartus Vaesar. I have been asked to convey to the Senate whether you have a desired

assignment upon graduation.” The pronouncement from Vaesar is all pomp and ceremony. I remember his name from Lanistia’s lessons, but other than his being from Religion, the details are vague.

“Can’t that wait?” I need time to think.

“It cannot. The Censor’s office is… hostile to the Academy as it is, at present.

If you don’t make your intentions known soon, they will be within their rights to assign you to military service."

I glance in confusion at Veridius, who nods. “It’s been five days."

I’m silent, processing the news. Thinking desperately. It’s right there. All I have to do is say I want to take up a post with the embassy to Jatiere. I’ll be far away from Caten, far away from the threat of having to cede. I’ll have years to figure out my next move. It won’t even seem terribly strange, given… everything.

But if I do that, nothing will change.

The slow, tumbling realisation is nearly too heavy to bear. I’ll still be running.

Hiding. And this time, I’ll be fleeing a fight I might actually be able to impact.

I’ll be leaving the people responsible for the death of my friend to keep doing what they’re doing. Making the Hierarchy what it is. Keeping it as it always has been.

I wasn’t a coward, that night at Suus. I was fourteen, and alone, and scared.

I wasn’t wrong, to refuse to cede all these years. I needed to keep that part of myself sacred. I needed it to stay me.

But that doesn’t mean they are excuses now.

Somewhere, deep down, the decision’s made. That part of me that has held on for so long breaks.

I look up. All four men are watching me intently. Veridius especially.

“Alright,” I say quietly.

I still have no idea what to think of Veridius’s claim about avoiding another Cataclysm. But even if he’s somehow telling the truth—and given the surreal events of the Iudicium, I’m almost inclined to believe him—Belli’s mangled corpse is still fresh in my mind. I refuse to leave myself anywhere near the man’s influence. At least not until I fully understand what’s going on.

And I can’t join Military. I just can’t. Not knowing their involvement in the massacre. Ulciscor might see it as a betrayal, but even if he isn’t satisfied with

what I have to tell him about the Labyrinth, he won’t send me to a Sapper. Not after all this. I’m Catenicus. Domitor. An important witness to a Iudicium that’s surely already infamous. Even if he tries to invoke his rights, the Senate will stop him.

“I want to work for the Censor."

There’s dead silence.

“Vis,” says Veridius delicately. “Think about what you’re—"

“I’ve thought about it.” Despite everything, Callidus always spoke highly of his father. And if I’m to do anything, make a difference, then the Censor’s office is where I need to be. The place through which all information in the Hierarchy flows.

Vaesar is reluctant, but also relieved to have an answer. He bends over a nearby table to write the details on a piece of paper, then uses a candle to melt three blobs of red sealing wax onto the bottom. Each of the three senators take turns impressing their signet rings. Their eyes flash black as they imbue the embossed wax.

“Done and witnessed.” The Quartus takes the sheet carefully. “I will submit this to the Senate today, Vis. Thank you. And congratulations again.” He turns to Veridius. “Principalis, if we could arrange for the Transvect to return as soon as possible…"

“Of course.” Veridius is calm, his expression smooth. “I’ll be right with you."

He waits until the door is shut before facing me. His façade of composure has vanished. “Vis, you can’t—"

“You were supposed to be protecting us.” I interrupt, voice low and hard. Let him hear my anger. “But you’ve been using us. You’ve been sending students to their deaths. So I’ll listen to what you have to say at some point, Principalis—you have my word. But we are a long, long way from working together."

Veridius’s face is stony. I think it’s the first time I’ve seen him without even a hint of the easygoing charm he usually exudes.

“Then for now, that will have to be enough,” he says. “I need to see to the senators. Rest. We’ll talk soon."

He leaves.

I don’t move for a long time. Just lie there. Hollow.

Eventually, I force myself to sit up. Just that is a painful, clumsy movement. I almost topple, muscles screaming, as my brain throws my left arm back to no effect. The effort of staying upright leaves me light-headed.

When I’m finally sitting securely on the edge of the bed, my gaze roves the room. No way to tell whether the empty beds are because everyone else injured during the Iudicium has recovered, or I’ve been placed in isolation. The symbol of the Hierarchy, STRONGER TOGETHER inscribed below it, leers from the wall at the far end. I shudder. I can’t see it without seeing the Labyrinth, now.

The table next to my bed holds a lamp, a jug of water and mug, and what looks like a toy ship. I frown at the latter, registering its incongruity. It’s wooden.

Roughly carved. Familiar.

With a jolt, my confusion fades to something else entirely.

I shuffle along the bed until the table is within easy reach. Lean over with a trembling hand and pick up the ship. The carving’s not unskilled, but far from the work of an artist.

Just about right for a ten-year-old boy trying to impress his father.

I turn it over. Clumsily feel along its prow one-handed until I find the hidden catch, unlatch it, and let the deck slide off. The name of the ship is scratched along the inside of the wood. Diminished by time, but legible.

Diago.

OceanofPDF.com

OceanofPDF.com

THE BURNING SENSATION WANES, TOO slowly, so much so that I’m

not sure when it actually ends and becomes simply a memory that makes me twitch in place.

I don’t know how long passes after that. Shadowed bronze blades glower around me. I just lie there on the cold stone, shivering, staring up at the darkness, my mind doing all it can to cover over the pain and fear.

Finally I sit. The eerie red light has returned to the room. Everything’s as it was. The stairs down which I entered are still the only way to leave.

Uneasy though it makes me, there’s nowhere else to go, and right now I want nothing more than to be out of… whatever this place is. I’m about to stand when I register the persisting ache in my left arm, notice that my tunic’s dark there.

Sodden and sticky. I gingerly roll up the sleeve, using it to dab away the worst of the blood so that I can see the source of the wound.

There are lines, etched into my skin. I feel a chill as I wipe away more crimson.

The red, puffy incisions form a single word.

WAIT

I stagger to my feet, staring in apprehensive horror at the message carved into my flesh. Stand there, frozen by indecision, for a full minute. Two. The air blurs and shimmers out beyond the encircling metal talons. Nothing happens. I shift from foot to foot. No idea whether I can trust the grisly warning.

Then there’s a sudden, stinging burn on the same arm. I rip back my sleeve as new lines of blood begin to well, slithering cuts opening unnervingly in the skin.

R U

I run.

Back the way I came, everything bathed in dark red light that fuzzes and twitches in the corners of my eyes. There’s a minute where there’s nothing but my gasping breath and the vibrating air around me. I’m nauseous, dizzy from whatever just happened to me.

I ease to a jog only when the dead end of the Labyrinth greets me. Trembling, I check my left arm. Still only RU scored into the skin. Blood drips onto the floor.

I look for the bracer. It should be where I dropped it in the corner.

It’s gone.

Another thirty seconds of fruitless searching does nothing to quell my rising panic. My hands ball into fists as I pace back and forth. The red, hazing light burns my vision.

I’m distressed enough that I almost don’t notice the writing on the stone.

I stumble to a stop. Squint at the inscription on the wall that blocks the way to the Labyrinth. It wasn’t there before, I’m certain of it. Written in old Vetusian, just like the message around the bronze blades. I slow my rattled breathing and focus.

SEALED AGAINST THE TOOLS OF THE ENEMY AFTER THE RENDING. THE PASSAGE TO LUCEUM REQUIRES A TOLL TO ENSURE VALIDITY.

There are two circles etched below it, each less than a foot across. Positioned at about my chest height and shoulder width apart. Both contain the symbol of the Hierarchy.

I read the words again. And again. The passage to Luceum.

I’m too tired and confused and afraid to second-guess myself. I need to get out of this place, and it seems clear what I’m supposed to do.

I place my hands in the two circles, palms against cool stone. The pyramid symbols pulse to life beneath my touch.

There’s a flash. Encompassing. White and blinding.

Then searing, unimaginable pain in my left shoulder.

I’m suddenly on the floor. Screaming, writhing. I clutch across with my right hand, but it slides away sticky and wet and warm. My vision clears just enough to take in the pulsing red stump where my arm used to be.

Through the shock and agony, I register I’m not in the passageway anymore.

I’m lying in the middle of a vast rotunda, surrounded by columns. White stone everywhere, except where I’m staining it crimson. Icy wind whips my face.

There’s white beyond the columns too. Snow. We’re high up. Cloud-topped mountains in the distance.

Everything flickers. For a heartbeat I’m back in the darkness. Like an afterimage. The way in front of me is open, exposing the vast hall beyond that contains both the Labyrinth and the platform out.

Then it’s gone again. Snow and ashen stone reasserting itself.

There are people rushing toward me. Two men and a woman. Yelling at one another in a language I don’t know. Their tone is panicked. Vaguely, I’m aware that two of them are skidding to their knees next to me, while the other hurries off out of sight.

“Traveller. Traveller, stay with us.” The man with the red beard is cradling my head. He’s talking in rough Vetusian. “The other from your world will be coming."

He turns to the woman, says something I don’t understand. She argues.

Their voices mix and mutter and fade, and pass from my consciousness.

OceanofPDF.com

THE BURNING SENSATION WANES, TOO slowly, so much so that I’m

not sure when it actually ends and becomes simply a memory that makes me twitch in place.

I don’t know how long passes after that. Shadowed bronze blades glower around me. I just lie there on the cold stone, shivering, staring up at the darkness, my mind doing all it can to cover over the pain and fear.

“Get up."

The voice penetrates my consciousness. Soft and urgent. I prop myself up with a groan. The eerie red light has returned to the room. There’s someone crouching a few feet away, just beyond the surrounding talons.

“We don’t have much time.” The man peers in at me. He’s five, maybe ten years older than me. Dark and slim, with a thick, unkempt beard and mop of curly black hair. There’s a mass of scar tissue across his cheek, stretching back to replace his left ear. Serious brown eyes bore into mine. “What’s your name?"

“Vis."

“Welcome to Obiteum, Vis. Did Veridius send you?"

“What? Not really. I… no.” I look past him. Head still spinning. “This… is Obiteum? It looks the same."

“You’ll change your mind once we get outside.” He says it dryly. “You do know Veridius, though?"

“Yes. He’s the Principalis at the Academy.” I stagger to my feet. Anxious to leave this ring of metal, but wary of the man beyond it. He doesn’t seem inclined to enter the circle. “Who are you?"

“Principalis. Of course he is,” the stranger murmurs to himself, a small smile on his lips. He focuses back on me. “My name is Caeror. I don’t know how

much you know, but we have about two minutes to save you back in Res. So you need to trust me, and come out of there now."

I struggle to comprehend it. Look at him again, really look this time. The similarities are so obvious that I feel foolish for not noticing it before.

“Rotting hells. It’s you. Your brother thinks you’re dead."

Caeror freezes. “You know Ulciscor? Is he well? Is he…” He trails off, shaking himself back into motion. “Later.” He beckons urgently.

Uncertainty still arrests my feet. “What do you mean, ‘save me back in Res’?"

Caeror grits his teeth. Breathlessly fretful. “You’ve been… copied, I suppose.

The same way the world was thousands of years ago in the war against the Concurrence. It’s how you got here.” He grunts as he sees my look. “Came as a surprise to me, too. But it’s not important right now. You’re still strongly connected back to Res and Luceum, but that’s going to fade fast. I can explain more later, but only if you’re not dead.” He’s speaking so quickly that it’s hard to follow. There’s no mistaking his desperation, though. He’s pleading with me to believe him.

I close my eyes. I’m in over my head. Don’t understand what’s going on.

I could do worse than trust someone who apparently does.

“Alright.” I’m still shaky. The red light fuzzes and flickers. I take a step toward him. Another, then another, until I’m stumbling between the gap in the bronze.

Caeror steadies me as I reach him. Grips me tight and nods reassuringly.

“Good. The first thing we need to do is get a message to you in Res, so you don’t move out of the gate just yet."

He draws a short blade from his belt. Apologetic as he presses the hilt firmly into my hand.

“Pull back your sleeve, Vis."

OceanofPDF.com

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS THIS BOOK IS THE SUM of the time, support, effort, and talent of a team of

people putting in work over the course of several years (and in this case, also during a global pandemic). My sincere thanks are owed to each and every one of the following: Paul Lucas, my phenomenal agent. I’m getting to do this nonsense as a job and not just a hobby because of your efforts. To say that I appreciate what you do would be an understatement.

Joe, my overworked-but-fantastic editor, who has made this book the tightest and best version of itself. It’s a genuine pleasure to go through this process with someone who’s both enthusiastic and reliably on the same page as me. Even, I will reluctantly add, when it means making cuts.

The rest of the team at Saga. I couldn’t be happier with how everything has turned out with this book, from copyediting to design. Brilliant work. I’m genuinely looking forward to continuing this journey with you all.

My beta readers, including but not limited to Sonja, Elisabeth, Nicki, Chiara, and Jordan. You cheerfully put in hours and hours of your time to read something that, let’s face it, was probably a coin flip as to whether it was any good at that point. Your feedback and encouragement have been invaluable.

My assistant, Elisabeth, without whom I’d probably still be writing this thing.

Em dashes remain the devil’s work and I refuse to make a Word shortcut for them, though (copyeditors past and present, I am so sorry).

Those at Audible, for your excitement at a new world from me, and your patience in waiting for it to be delivered.

My kids, for mostly not deliberately disturbing me when I’m working and sometimes also not being too loud. I love you.

And finally, but most importantly, my wife, Sonja, who remarkably continues to put up with my head being in made-up worlds more often than the real one. So much has changed over these past few years, but your love and support—and how vital they are for me—have not. I love you. Neither this book, nor the ones previous, would exist without you.

OceanofPDF.com

MAJOR CHARACTERS Advenius Claudius (ahd-VEN-ee-us CLAW-dee-us) – Father of Aequa. Governance senator who visits Vis at Villa Telimus.

Aequa Claudius (EE-kwah CLAW-dee-us) – Class Four student at the Academy. Daughter of Advenius. Attended the naumachia with Vis.

Ascenia (ash-EN-ee-a) – Septimus in charge of the stables at the Academy.

Atrox (AH-troks), Matron – Woman in charge of the orphanage at Letens.

Atticus (AHT-ik-us) – Class Four student at the Academy.

Auctia (AWK-sha) – Sextus and Dispensator of the Quiscil household.

Ava (AH-vah) – Class Four student at the Academy.

Axien (AHK-see-en) – Class Four student at the Academy.

Belli Volenis (BEH-lee voh-LEN-iss) – Class Three student at the Academy. Known for her prowess at Foundation and running the Labyrinth.

Brixia (BRIK-sha) – A child from the orphanage in Letens.

Caeror Telimus (SEE-roar TELL-ee-muss) – Brother to Ulciscor. Killed during the Iudicium at the Academy several years ago.

Callidus Ericius (CAHL-id-us er-EE-see-us) – Class Seven student at the Academy.

Carinza (cah-RIN-zah) / Cari (CAH-ree) – Vis’s younger sister, princess of Suus.

Cassia (CAH-see-ah) – Class Four student at the Academy.

Cristoval (KRIS-toh-vahl), King – Vis’s father, king of Suus.

Diago (dee-AH-go) – Vis’s birth name, and also the name he gives to the alupi he saves as a pup on Solivagus.

Drusus Corani (DROO-sus cawr-AHN-ee) – Class Seven student at the Academy.

Dultatis (dool-TAH-tis), Praeceptor – Teacher in charge of Class Six at the Academy.

Eidhin Breac (EYE-din BRAK) – Class Six student at the Academy.

Ellanher (EL-an-her) – Woman in charge of the fights at the Letens Theatre.

Emissa Corenius (em-EE-sah kor-EN-ee-us) – Class Three student at the Academy.

Estevan (ESS-teh-vahn) – Also known as Melior, leader of the Anguis. Former advisor to King Cristoval, and former tutor to Vis.

Exesius (eks-EE-see-us), Princeps – Princeps of Military.

Fadrique (fah-DREE-kay) – Former advisor to King Cristoval, and former tutor to Vis. Current steward of Suus under the Hierarchy.

Felix (FELL-iks) – Class Four student at the Academy.

Feriun (FEHR-ee-un) – Class Four student at the Academy.

Ferrea (FEHR-ee-ah), Praeceptor – Teacher in charge of Class Seven at the Academy.

Gaius Valerius (GUY-us vah-LEER-ee-us) – Physician who tests Vis’s blood after the naumachia.

Gaufrid (GAW-frid) – Bookkeeper for bets on fights at the Letens Theatre.

Hospius (HOSS-pee-us) – The fake name Ulciscor uses at Letens Prison.

Hrolf (ROLF) – The Septimus in charge of Letens Prison, under whom Vis is employed.

Ianix (YAN-iks) – Class Six student at the Academy.

Idonia (id-OHN-ya) – Ellanher’s “cousin” at the Letens Theatre.

Indol Quiscil (IN-dole KEY-skil) – Class Three student at the Academy. Son of Dimidius Quiscil of Military.

Iro Decimus (EYE-roe DEK-ee-mus) – Class Three student at the Academy. Younger sister killed during the attack on the naumachia.

Kadmos (KAHD-moss) – Dispensator in charge of running Villa Telimus. Former head of the Azriat in Sytrece.

Lanistia Scipio (lah-nis-TEE-ah SKIP-ee-oh) – Tutor to Vis during his time at Villa Telimus. Assisting Ulciscor in his search to find the truth about Caeror’s death.

Lerius Telimus (LEHR-ee-us TELL-ee-muss) – Ulciscor and Caeror’s father.

Lucius (loo-CHEE-us) – Class Four student at the Academy.

Manius (MAH-nee-us), Proconsul – Catenan in charge of the Tensian province.

Marcellus (mar-KEL-us) – Class Four student at the Academy.

Marcus Carcius (MAR-koos KAR-see-us) – Assistant to Veridius at the Academy.

Menendo (men-EN-doe) – The owner of the harbourside tavern in Suus.

Nateo (NAH-tee-oh) – A Sapper-bound prisoner in Letens Prison.

Nequias (neh-KEY-us), Praeceptor – Teacher in charge of Class Three at the Academy.

Prav (PRAHV) – Class Three student at the Academy.

Quiscil (KEY-skil), Magnus Dimidius – Indol’s father.

Relucia Telimus (reh-loo-KEY-ah TELL-ee-muss) – Ulciscor’s wife.

Scitus (SKEE-tus), Praeceptor – Teacher in charge of Class Four at the Academy.

Sedotia (seh-DOH-chee-ah) – The name given by the Anguis agent who arranges the attack on Vis’s Transvect.

Sianus (see-AHN-us) – Class Three student at the Academy.

Solum (SO-lum) – The name given to all orphans in the Hierarchy.

Taedia (TAH-dee-ah), Praeceptor – Teacher in charge of Class Five at the Academy.

Tem (TEM) – Class Four student at the Academy.

Titus (TYE-tuss) – Class Four student at the Academy.

Ulciscor Telimus (ull-KEY-scor TELL-ee-muss) – Senator who meets Vis at Letens Prison and ultimately offers him the chance to attend the Catenan Academy.

Ulnias Filo (ull-NIGH-us FEEL-oh) –

Physician at the Academy.

Valentina (vahl-en-TEE-nah) – Class Four student at the Academy.

Veridius Julii (ver-id-EE-us YOOL-ee-eye) – The Principalis, in charge of the Academy.

Vermes (VER-mez) – A child from the orphanage in Letens.

Vis (VISS) – The name adopted by Diago after he fled Suus.

Ysabel (EE-sah-bel) – Vis’s older sister, princess of Suus.

OceanofPDF.com

GLOSSARY Alupi (AH-loo-pie) – Massive, intelligent wolf-like creatures indigenous to Solivagus.

Anchoring point – Stone monoliths used as infrastructure for Transvects.

Anguis (AN-gwiss) – The group continuing to rebel against the Hierarchy.

Arventis (are-VEN-tiss) – God of childbirth, prophecy, and luck.

Aurora Columnae (ow-ROAR-ah COLE-um-nigh) – The pre-Cataclysm devices which enable people to cede Will.

Azriat (AHS-ree-at) – The most prestigious learning institute in Sytrece.

Bibliotheca (bib-lee-oh-THEE-kah) – Library.

Bireme – A military ship with two decks of oars.

Birthright – The set of Catenan laws designed to “honour life."

Cede – The act, in the Hierarchy, of giving half your Will to someone ranked directly above you.

Censor – The Governance senator in charge of determining who can be nominated for the Senate.

Curia Doctrina (COO-ree-ah DOC-treen-ah) – The main hall of the Academy.

Ferias (FAIR-ee-us) –

God of keys, doors, livestock, and ports.

Foundation – A popular strategic game in the Hierarchy, played with red and white triangular stones.

Iudicium (you-dih-KEY-um) – The final test at the Academy for Class Three students, used to determine their rankings.

Jovan (YO-vahn) – God of sky and thunder, the king of the gods.

Mira (MEER-ah) – God of war and fighters, agricultural guardian.

Naumachia (now-MAH-key-ah) – Gladiatorial battle taking place on ships, on an artificial lake. Participants are called Naumachiarii.

Ocaria (oh-KAH-ree-ah) – Goddess of rivers.

Pletuna (pleh-TOON-ah) – Goddess of autumn and the harvest.

Praeceptor (PRAY-kep-tor) – Teacher status in the Academy.

Praetorium (pray-TOR-ee-um) – Building housing the teachers’ offices at the Academy.

Quadrum (KWAD-rum) – The large, central courtyard of the Academy.

Razor – The name for an obsidian blade forged by a Catenan officer.

Sere (SEH-ray) – Goddess of spring, flowers, and fertility.

Silencium (sigh-LEN-key-um) – Binding legal agreement in the Hierarchy to not speak of something.

Transvect (TRANS-vekt) – Massive Will-powered transport devices.

Trireme –

A large military ship with three decks of oars.

Vitaerium (vit-EYE-ree-um) – Devices that can force-feed Will into any body or substance capable of decay.

Vorcian (VOR-key-an) – God of volcanoes, deserts, the forge, and hard work.

OceanofPDF.com

LOCATIONS Acharnae (ah-KAR-nigh) – Small Sytrecian village.

Agerus (ah-GAIR-us) – The region near Caten where the Necropolis is located.

Alta Semita (AHL-tah sem-EE-tah) – A district of Caten.

Aquiria (ah-KEER-ee-ah) – Small country bordering Suus. The country in which Vis officially claims he was born.

Aznaro’s (az-NAH-roe) Bluff – A cliff overlooking the ocean in Suus.

Butaria (boo-TAH-ree-ah) – A sea-bound region to the west of Caten.

Cartiz (kar-TEEZ) – The Aquirian capital, near which Vis claims he grew up.

Caten (cah-TEN) – The capital of Deditia and of the Catenan Republic, considered to be the centre of the known world.

Catenan (cah-TEN-an) Academy – The Academy which Vis attends, located on the island of Solivagus.

Catenan (cah-TEN-an) Arena – The great stadium in Caten which can house up to one hundred thousand people.

Catenan (cah-TEN-an) Republic – The name used to describe any region governed by Caten’s laws.

Cymr (KYE-meer) – Country to the south-west of Caten.

Deditia (deh-DEE-chee-ah) – The region immediately surrounding Caten.

Deopolis (dee-OP-oh-liss) – The capital of Sytrece.

Edaro (ed-AH-roe) River – A river in Aquiria.

Eldargo (el-DAR-go) Strait – The stretch of water separating Suus from Aquiria.

Esquilae (ESS-kil-igh) – A district of Caten.

Ganice (GAH-niss) – A Catenan territory.

Guridad (GOO-ree-dad), Port – An Aquirian trading town, located opposite Suus on the Eldargo Strait.

Jatiere (YAH-tee-air) – Country whose treaty restricts Catenan ambassadors there from using Will.

Letens (leh-TENS) – Capital of Tensia.

Letens (leh-TENS) Prison – The prison in which Vis works.

Lordan’s (lor-DAHN) Column – A famous landmark in Caten.

Luceum (loo-KEY-um) – A mysterious place, usually referenced alongside Res and Obiteum.

Lyceria (ligh-KEER-ee-ah) – A Catenan territory.

Masen (MAH-sen) – A Catenan territory.

Necropolis (neh-KROP-oh-lis) – A large area dedicated to the Catenan dead, located in the Agerus region.

Nyripk (NEER-ik) – Desert-locked country far to the north-east.

Obiteum (oh-bit-EE-um) – A mysterious place, usually referenced alongside Res and Luceum.

Praedium (PRIGH-dee-um) – District of Caten.

Quus (COOS), Sea of – The sea on which both Solivagus and Caten are located.

Res (REZ) – A mysterious place, usually referenced alongside Obiteum and Luceum.

Sarcinia (sar-KIN-ee-ah) – District of Caten.

Solencio (sol-EN-see-oh) Beach – A beach in Suus.

Solivagus (soh-liv-AH-gus) – Island on which the Academy is located.

Suus (SOOS) – Vis’s island homeland.

Sytrece (sit-REES) – Country to the east of Deditia.

Tensia (TEN-see-ah) – Southernmost populated country in the known world.

OceanofPDF.com

ABOUT THE AUTHOR JAMES ISLINGTON was born and raised in southern Victoria, Australia.

His influences growing up were the stories of Raymond E. Feist and Robert Jordan, but it wasn’t until later, when he read Brandon Sandersons Mistborn series-followed soon after by Patrick Rothfuss’s The Name of the Wind-that he was finally inspired to sit down and write something of his own. He now is the internationally bestselling author of the Licanius Trilogy, comprising The Shadow of What Was Lost, An Echo of Things to Come, and The Light of All That Falls. Islington lives with his wife and two children on the Mornington Peninsula in Victoria.

FOR MORE ON THIS AUTHOR: SimonandSchuster.com/Authors/James-Islington SimonandSchuster.com SAGAPRESS.COM @SagaPressBooks @SagaSFF

OceanofPDF.com

We hope you enjoyed reading this Simon & Schuster ebook.

Get a FREE ebook when you join our mailing list. Plus, get updates on new releases, deals, recommended reads, and more from Simon & Schuster. Click below to sign up and see terms and conditions.

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP Already a subscriber? Provide your email again so we can register this ebook and send you more of what you like to read. You will continue to receive exclusive offers in your inbox.

OceanofPDF.com

www.SimonandSchuster.com This book is a work of fiction. Any references to historical events, real people, or real places are used fictitiously. Other names, characters, places, and events are products of the author’s imagination, and any resemblance to actual events or places or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Copyright © 2023 by James Islington All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book or portions thereof in any form whatsoever.

For information, address Saga Press Subsidiary Rights Department, 1230 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10020.

First Saga Press hardcover edition May 2023 SAGA PRESS and colophon are trademarks of Simon & Schuster, Inc.

For information about special discounts for bulk purchases, please contact Simon & Schuster Special Sales at 1-866-506-1949 or business@simonandschuster.com The Simon & Schuster Speakers Bureau can bring authors to your live event. For more information or to book an event, contact the Simon & Schuster Speakers Bureau at 1-866-248-3049 or visit our website at www.simonspeakers.com.

Interior design by Kathryn A. Kenney-Peterson Jacket design by Faceout Studio Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data has been applied for.

ISBN 978-1-9821-4117-2 ISBN 978-1-9821-4119-6 (ebook)

OceanofPDF.com

