ess once he died. Until that time, however, Ais was required to hate him. It was a pity, really, but he didn’t have a choice.

#

 Khriss took the betrayal quietly. She had to remain strong—she had let herself go when she found out about Gevin, and that was wrong. Of course, Baon had been the one to teach her that ... .

“We need to find him,” Khriss said softly, sitting on her bed, hands in her lap. “He deserves a chance to explain himself. Perhaps there is more to this that we don’t know.” Of course, she had no idea where to find him. She had sent N’Teese to find Nilto, so that she could ask the beggar to look for Baon, but she didn’t have much hope. Baon was too skillful to be captured.

“My Lady ... .” Cynder said sitting awkwardly on the chair beside her scientific table. He rested his hand on her shoulder, obviously uncertain what to do. “My Lady,” he repeated, “Baon was very good at what he did. Too good. I had often wondered how a simple mercenary became such a learned, even crafty, man."

“I never trusted him,” Acron announced. He sat on her table, munching on a bag of some candied confections he had purchased in the Kezare marketplace. The legs to the table were bowing, as if seriously considering a collapse. “You know, he was the one who drove Flennid and the other soldiers away. He probably planned that,

 so we would be left only to his mercies. Everyone knows how well-trained Scythe’s assassins are."

“Acron is right,” Cynder agreed. “Dynastic spies are a very elite group. There is no shame in having fallen for Baon’s lies, My Lady. Scythe employs only the most crafty, careful men. Prince Gevalden himself was killed by one."

Khriss nodded slowly, still staring down at her hands. She felt helpless and stupid. How had she not seen it earlier? Cynder was right—a simple mercenary would never have known the things Baon did. He was too shrewd, too skilled ... too perfect. He had only made one mistake—the guns. He must not have been able to resist taking them, once he killed the two senior officers. The guns were masterfully made, and he would have realized their usefulness.

“I’m just wondering how Captain Deral found out what he was,” Acron said conversationally. “I mean, how did the Captain see it when I didn’t?"

Cynder rolled his eyes.

Khriss took a deep breath. “All right, it is time to move on. Baon left, but the expedition still has a purpose it needs to fulfill.”

 “My Lady?” Cynder asked.

“I’m going to the Diem,” she informed, standing. “If Kenton isn’t going to tell me how sand mastery works, then I’ll just have to watch and learn for myself."

“But, duchess, it is too dangerous,” Cynder warned. “The assassins ... ."

“They care nothing for me,” Khriss said. “They want Kenton."

“Still, My Lady,” Cynder said speculatively. “Perhaps you could wait ... ."

“Until when?” Khriss demanded. “Until Kenton is dead?” Khriss shook her head. “No, Cynder. I have to do this now. We know the prince is dead, now we need to gather what information we can and return to Elis.

Every day I waste is another day Elis goes without sand mastery to protect it."

“My Lady,” Acron said, standing as she walked toward the door. “At least let one of us accompany you. Now that you don’t have a bodyguard, you may need our protection."

Khriss turned back to the two professors, one overweight, the other elderly. Neither would be of much use for protection. Both, however, stood with

 determined, honorable looks on their face. Their skill might be questionable, but their loyalty was not. They would do what they could to defend their duchess.

“All right,” she said. “You may become my bodyguards. Cynder, look over there in my trunk."

The linguist did as ordered, moving to open the trunk. He reached inside, and pulled out a shiny silver pistol.

“What?” he asked with surprise.

“Prince Gevalden’s,” she explained. “I think he would approve of its use in this case."

“Certainly, My Lady,” Cynder agreed.

“But, the scoundrel took all the charges!” Acron complained.

Khriss smiled, tapping the almost-forgotten jar of saltpeter on the floor. “That’s all right."

# A harsh lisping voice sounded from just beside Khriss.

She jumped with surprise.

“You wanted to speak with me?” N’Teese translated. Khriss stopped in the middle of the crowded street.

She hadn’t even seen Nilto approach. Of course, the man, with his dayside cloak and nondescript manner, blended well with the people flowing around them. She

 turned to regard him, and was once again struck by his horrible ugliness. His face was disfigured, like it had been smashed when he was a child, and his flesh ribbed and twisted. She stared at him for a moment, Nilto meeting her eyes, then she blushed. He must be used to people staring.

Nilto began to move toward the side of the street where they could speak more privately, and Khriss followed, moving through he crowd with difficulty now that Baon wasn’t there to clear a path for her. She and Acron had been on their way to purchase more gunpowder ingredients—her investigation of the Diem would have to wait for tomorrow. It was an acceptable delay considering what they would gain by her spending a few more hours in her impromptu laboratory.

Acron followed her through the crowd, shooting suspicious looks at the Lord Beggar. Nilto returned the looks with rolls of his eyes.

“What do you wish of me, woman?” Nilto rasped through N’Teese as Khriss arrived.

“A ... friend of mine has disappeared,” Khriss explained. “I would like you to find him, if you could.”

 The Lord Beggar snorted. “You waste my time,” he informed, a drip of spittle running down the side of his cheek.

“I could pay,” Khriss explained.

“Woman, do you have any idea what my time is worth?” he asked sharply. “Do you have any idea how many people I have to care for? How busy my days are? You think I have time to search for a runaway servant?” He began to stumble away.

“Please, Lord Nilto,” she said after him. “At least watch for him. If any of your people mention a large, shaven- headed darksider, tell me. You need not expend effort, just ... ."

Nilto turned slowly. “He’s important to you,” he mumbled. “A lover?"

Khriss blushed, shaking her head. “Like I said. A friend."

The Lord Beggar turned back toward the moving crowd. “Keep your offered money handy, miss darksider. If I hear anything, I’ll expect a reward."

# The attack never came. Kenton waited and waited, growing more tense with each passing minute. Ais

 changed his trackts in shifts, keeping them alert and watchful. The assassins, however, decided not to make a showing that day.

“Maybe they finally ran out of people,” Elorin offered. He had joined the vigil, keeping Kenton company after Eric wandered off to get some sleep. As the hours progressed, Kenton was having increasing difficulty staying awake. The drain of the last few weeks was horrible—if the assassins or Drile didn’t kill him, the fatigue probably would.

“Maybe,” he said in response to the kindly old sand master’s encouragement.

“You should get some sleep, Lord Mastrell,” Elorin suggested.

Kenton nodded absently, his mind drifting. His major problem was still Vey. The Lord Merchant effectively held two votes on the Council, and he was Kenton’s strongest opposition. Somehow, as impossible as it seemed, Kenton had to get the Lord Merchant to join with him. Unfortunately, the only thing he could think of was bribery. The Lord Merchant’s vote was probably for sale, no matter what he said—it’s just that Kenton doubted he could afford his price.

 The most confusing thing about it all was the tribute. Tributes weren’t even written into the law—they had been donated by the other Professions in gratitude for the sand masters’s protection. The system was antiquated, however, and it made sense that the other Professions would have stopped it—especially since the sand masters could just demand what they needed from local merchants.

But why had the Guild continued to pay all these years? It didn’t make sense. Vey hated the sand masters, yet his Profession continued to donate money to the Diem every quarter.

Kenton rose from his seat, stretching. Elorin sat dozing on one of the room’s chairs. “I think I’ll take your advice, Elorin,” he said. It was probably well past twelfth-hour. He would be safe for another day. According to Ais, if the assassins missed the day of their attack, they had to wait another one before they could try again.

Elorin sand master nodded his bald head, rising and walking toward the door. As he opened it, however, he frowned.

“Lord Mastrell?” he asked. Kenton turned. “Yes?”

 Elorin pointed to a note attached to the wooden door. Kenton frowned, approaching to pull the note off. It was folded in the same way the one a few days had been, the one that Ais had claimed was to him.

Kenton flipped it open, reading the short message. I warned you was all that it said.

Kenton frowned, reading the message. Then he shrugged, handing the note to Ais’s second, who was still standing watch on the balcony.

“See that Ais gets this,” he requested. The senior trackt had gone out to check on the watches. “I assume it will make more sense to him than it does to me."

The second looked at the note with confused eyes, then nodded to Kenton, walking out the balcony and calling softly for another trackt to approach and receive the note.

Kenton wandered into his room and collapsed onto his sand mattress.

 Chapter Twenty-Eight Kenton was standing in the place where he would die. Might die, he reminded himself.

He stood in the Pit’s direct center, where a forty-foot circle of sand formed the field in which he would fight Drile. The broad opening in the ceiling let in a column of sunlight which fell directly on the circle of sand, both to provide light and recharge any sand turned black by sand mastery. Or by blood.

The stadium-like benches rose around him, sand- colored, like the rest of the Diem. They were empty now, though Kenton could almost imagine the dead mastrells sitting around, staring down at him, their eyes judgmental. You were made Lord Mastrell little over a week ago, and already you have brought back our most abhorrent process.

Sand masters hadn’t killed one another in over a century. What was he saying to the sand masters, letting the reign of their next Lord Mastrell—whomever it might

 be—start with the slaughter of his opponent? Khriss had called dayside primitive; perhaps she was right.

Of course, whoever won might not even become Lord Mastrell. Kenton’s chances of saving the Diem were looking increasingly dim. You will be the Lord Mastrell remembered for destroying his own Profession, the unseen sand masters seemed to accuse. You claimed to want this all your life, but when you get it you immediately lose it.

Kenton looked up at the benches, though it was hard to see them the way the room was lighted, with sunlight falling directly on the center pit. He stepped forward, leaving the warm sunlight, stepping out onto one of the stone benches.

Soon these benches would be full, packed with people come to watch an execution. Now that the news had spread through the city, Kenton had already begun to receive requests from the kelzin. Everyone wanted to be in attendance—it was becoming the social event of the century. Never mind that just a few days ago they had all shunned the Diem as unhallowed ground. Now they each expected favoritism, especially those Kenton had spoken with at the Lord Admiral’s party.

 Kenton shook his head in disdain. None of them would come to a Lord Mastrell’s confirmation, but everyone wanted to see one’s execution. And that was what it would be, an execution. For all his positive thinking, Drile was going to massacre him.

“Contemplating your immanent meeting with the Sand Lord, Lord Mastrell?” an amused voice asked.

Kenton looked up toward the sound to find Drile standing in the Pit’s doorway. Kenton turned away, not bothering to respond to the baiting. Surprisingly, perhaps for the first time in his life, Kenton didn’t feel like arguing.

“You know,” Drile said, walking down the stone benches like steps, “the ironic thing is, your sacrifice probably won’t mean anything. Five more days will pass, and you still won’t have the support you need. You realize I’m not going to let you back out of your challenge, even if the Taisha are going to vote against you?"

Kenton looked up, meeting Drile’s eyes. “I wouldn’t expect you to."

Drile just smiled. “And, even if you do find enough support, do you think the Taisha will hold to their

 promises once I’ve killed you? They’ll change their minds and dissolve us anyway. Then I’ll take the sand masters to the Rim Kingdoms. Be happy, however—you’ll get your revenge eventually. We’ll probably return at the head of Rim armies to destroy Lossand."

He was so arrogant, so uncaring of life. Suddenly, Kenton found himself wanting to do anything he could to tear that smile away from Drile. Kenton’s optimism returned, fueled by determination. You should know better, Drile. The surest way to encourage me is to taunt me.

Kenton raised his lips in a very slight smile. “I suppose you’re right, Drile."

Drile frowned. That wasn’t the reaction he had been expecting. “You’re a fool if you aren’t afraid,” he warned.

Kenton shrugged. “I definitely should be. It looks hopeless, doesn’t it?.” He smiled to himself knowingly.

Drile snorted. “You are a fool."

“Sure am."

Drile started to look nervous. Kenton could almost see the question in his eyes. What do you know that I don’t, Kenton?

 Finally, Drile backed from the room, a little less certain than when he had entered.

I know one important fact, Drile. I am a fool. Fortunately, so are you.

# Kenton strode down the steps outside the Pit, heading toward his rooms. He was tired of sitting around—the day before had been excruciating. He needed to do something; if he simply waited for his five days to run out, then he deserved to fail.

“Lord Mastrell?” a voice interrupted. Kenton turned to see an older sand master, perhaps forty, wearing the tan sash of a Fen. Kenton struggled to remember the man’s name, and realized he didn’t know it.

“Yes?” he said a little awkwardly.

“You wouldn’t know which room my acolents and I are supposed to meet in, would you?"

Kenton frowned. “No, I’m afraid not. Why don’t you just pick one?"

“Well, Lord Mastrell, Dirin had all of the rooms organized by year. He was going to find us a new one, because the one we were using was too small. Do you know where he is?”

 “I sent him on an errand,” Kenton explained. “You’ll have to do without him for a few days. Just find yourself a room—it shouldn’t matter too much."

“Yes, Lord Mastrell,” the still unnamed sand master said, bowing and walking back to the small group of students he was apparently in charge of.

Kenton continued walking across the courtyard, trying to reorganize his thoughts. The night before he had wondered about the Lord Merchant. Perhaps there was a way to break Vey’s carapace-like exterior. He just had to—

“Lord Mastrell?” another voice asked. The servant wore a cooking apron, and had wide lips and a pudgy face.

“Yes?” Kenton asked with a sigh.

“Do you know where Lord Dirin is?"

“He won’t be here for a few days,” Kenton said again.

“What do you need?"

“Well, he was arranging for us to get a shipment of travel ZaiDon in, just in case the Diem did get dissolved and the sand masters needed something to survive on for the next few weeks. I gave him a slightly false estimate —it appears that there’s a shortage of ZaiDon lately.

 Several herds of sandlings to the north caught a disease, and we have to pay extra until new shipments arrive from the south."

“I’m certain it will be all right,” Kenton assured. “I’ll tell Dirin to see you when he gets back."

“Thank you, My Lord,” the man said with a bow.

Kenton rolled his eyes in frustration, then continued his walk. He needed to go see Vey again—an activity he didn’t look forward to. Their last meeting hadn’t gone very well. He would probably have to bribe his way in this time—

“Lord Mastrell?"

“I don’t know where Dirin is,” Kenton said, turning with exasperation.

The younger man, an acolent with long hair, jumped at the comment. “Um, yes, Lord Mastrell,” he said slowly.

Kenton nodded, turning again.

“But, Lord Mastrell?” the boy asked.

“Yes?” Kenton asked.

“Do you know when he’ll be back?"

Kenton groaned. “A few days."

“A few days?” the boy asked with alarm.

“Take your problem to Elorin,” Kenton suggested.

 “Um, yes, Lord Mastrell,” the acolent said.

Perhaps I shouldn’t have sent Dirin away, Kenton thought, continuing his trek across the courtyard. He hadn’t realized how much the boy was doing—of course, thinking back on it, he should have guessed. Someone had to see that the Diem was kept running; Kenton was so busy trying to save the Profession that he didn’t have time for the small things.

This time he noticed the person walking toward him before they spoke. Kenton paused, preparing himself to explain once again that he had sent Dirin on a mission. This sand master, however, spoke first.

“Lord Mastrell, you might want to see this."

“What?” Kenton asked with a frown, his comments about Dirin slipping away.

“Well,” said the sand master—an underfen perhaps twenty years old. “She just kind of walked in, and we didn’t know whether to do what she said or not. We couldn’t find you, and we know she’s a ... friend of yours, so we just let her do what she wanted."

Kenton rolled his eyes. “Where is she?” #

 Khriss sat at the back of the room, watching with interest. An older sand master in a brown sash stood at the front of the room, controlling a line of mastered sand. About six students sat in the room, watching him with somewhat bored eyes. Khriss smiled, remembering some of her own lecture in the university. These students weren’t much younger than she had been during her learning days, though most of her classmates had been much older.

She watched closely as the teacher lifted a rock with his sand. The students followed, lifting similar stones on their own desks. Some of them did it easily, others had a lot more trouble. One boy was able to lift the stone from above, grabbing the rock with an arrogant wave of his hand and pulling it into the air. The rest, however, did as their teacher, pushing their sand underneath the stone and levitating the object into the air by forming a kind of sand pole that extended from the rock to the ground.

It must be easier for them to push than pull, Khriss decided, scribbling a note on her ledger. It made sense— the weaker ones were really using the floor’s strength to push the stone into the air. The one boy could pull from above, but he appeared much stronger than the rest.

 The stones rose to different heights, several wobbling uncertainly. Apparently, ability to lift varied greatly amongst sand masters. Khriss looked closely. The higher the stones went, the thinner the students’ strings of sand became. However, some of the strings started wider than others, so they could lift higher. More importantly, however, some students’ sand glowed more brightly than others. The brighter the sand, the more power.

She hurriedly wrote the observation on her ledger. There were laws to sand mastery, obviously. A given string of sand could only hold so much weight, dependant on its diameter and its brightness—which, from what she gathered, was an indication of its density. Some people could control more sand in one string, and so they had more power than others.

“Enjoying yourself?” a voice asked.

Khriss jumped, scribbling an awkward line of white across her dayside ledger. Kenton stood in the room’s open doorway a short distance away.

Khriss gave him a sheepish look. “They couldn’t find you,” she explained awkwardly. “So I asked if there was a place I could wait ... they led me here.”

 Kenton eyed her disbelievingly.

The students lowered their rocks nervously, shooting looks at Kenton. He waved them back to their studies as Khriss rose and walked over toward him. He looked so authoritative in his distinctive white outfit that she almost forgot for a moment that he was just Kenton, the man she had grown to know quite well over the last few weeks.

He was changing, however. His personality was still the same, but he carried himself differently. He acted more like a leader; his orders were more assured, and he was more accustomed to being followed. It was hard to believe sometimes that he was the same age as she was —he seemed as old as the man teaching the class.

“Did you learn a lot?” Kenton asked, leading her from the room. She could tell her subversion of his authority wasn’t appreciated. Suddenly, she felt very guilty. It had seemed like a good idea at the time ... .

Wait a minute, she thought, forcing the guilt out of her heart. You’re not doing anything wrong. You’re trying to save your homeland—If that’s not a noble goal, then nothing is. We need sand mastery.

 “I didn’t learn much,” she admitted. “You came and got me too quickly."

Kenton nodded to himself. He didn’t reprobate her, but the dissatisfaction in his eyes was bad enough to make her guilt resurface.

“You said sand masters couldn’t tell me their secrets,” Khriss explained, for to try and convince herself than Kenton. “You didn’t say I couldn’t try to learn on my own."

He didn’t answer.

“All right,” she said with a sigh. “I won’t do that again.” Insufferable man. Doesn’t he know what is at stake?

“Good,” Kenton said with a nod. “I know it is frustrating, Khriss,” he said. “But the Diem isn’t ready to be exposed yet. Once we’re certain we will still be here in a few weeks, then we can decide how much we should reveal about ourselves. You have some good points, but now is not the time to implement them."

I don’t have time to wait, Khriss thought with a sigh. # Ais entered walked into the Diem both excited and worried. The note Tain had delivered to him the night

 before had left him anxious and frustrated. But, when he had arrived at the Hall after leaving the Diem, he had found another note waiting—this one from someone completely different. Shaerezan’s unnamed powerful ally, the one who had split from his boss. The note left no way to contact the dissident, but it did say that he was willing to meet. Ais was close—very close.

But, for now, he had to continue the job he had been given by the Lady Judge. Fortunately, he hadn’t been forced to kill any more Kershtians the day before. Maybe the Ry’Kensha was right, maybe the family had already run out of assassins. However, he didn’t really believe that to be the case. Kershtian families were large.

Shaking his head, Ais walked toward the Lord Mastrell, who stood with the darkside woman at the far end of the courtyard.

#

"I don’t know why he continues to pay it,” Kenton explained. “That is the biggest question I have right now. And that is why I’m going to see him today. You may come if you like."

Khriss shrugged. “I don’t have anything else to do now that I know Prince Gevalden is dead.”

 Kenton frowned. Something was wrong—he hadn’t noticed it until just then. “Where is Baon?” he asked with surprise. The hefty bodyguard was nowhere to be seen.

Khriss paused. “He’s ... not travelling with me any more,” she explained.

“What?” Kenton asked incredulously. “What happened to him?"

“It turns out Baon was a spy for the Dynasty,” Khriss said with an even voice. However, Kenton could sense the struggle within her as she tried to keep emotion from coming through.

“That can’t be,” Kenton said with a frown.

“He had us all fooled,” Khriss said with a shrug.

“But ...” Kenton trailed off. “He can’t be a spy, he was so ... so ..."

“So Baon?"

“Exactly,” Kenton answered.

Khriss just shook her head. “I don’t know,” she admitted. “I’m not certain of much anymore."

“So you just came here alone?” Kenton asked.

“No, Acron dropped me off,” she explained. “He and N’Teese went to buy some things. They should be back

 any time now."

“We’ll probably meet them on the way,” Kenton said.

“Come on—I’m tired of sitting around doing nothing.” “Are we going somewhere?” a sleepy voice asked from above.

Kenton looked upward, where a recently awakened Eric stood on his balcony, looking down with tired eyes. “That depends,” Kenton announced. “Are you going with us?"

“I’ll have to miss breakfast,” Eric complained. “All right, you can wait behind."

“I’m coming,” Eric grumbled—an amazing feat, considering he managed to project the grumble all the way down to the courtyard. He disappeared into his rooms and joined them in the courtyard a few moments later.

#

"So, how exactly are you going to pursued the Lord Merchant to see you?” Eric asked.

Khriss walked beside the two men, the Kezare crowds splitting quickly before Kenton’s sash. His presence was causing quite a stir—even more than usual. The people didn’t see quite as scared—more excited.

 “I don’t know,” Kenton confessed. They were speaking in Dynastic, apparently for Khriss’s benefit, though the conversation didn’t really involve her.

“As I remember, your last meeting didn’t end on particularly affable terms,” Eric reminded.

Khriss still wasn’t sure what to make of Eric. When she had found out that he was the son of the Lord General, she had been completely dumbfounded. He didn’t look like a warrior, nor did he act like one. He was too casual—too uncaring. He didn’t hold himself like Baon did, always alert for danger, but instead walked with an almost flippant attitude.

As soon as she made the comparison, however, her mind was drawn to another subject. Baon. It felt odd, walking these streets without his comforting presence at her side. Not only did he offer protection, but she had begun to rely on his simple wisdom.

Cynder is right, she thought with a nod. He was far too ... competent to be a simple mercenary. I should have realized ...

However, now he was gone. It was likely she would never see him again—he would return to Scythe and report that Gevin was dead. The Dynasty’s purpose

 had been accomplished. The prince’s death was a harsh blow for Elis.

In recent years, the Dynastic ambassadors had begun to hint that unless Elis subjugated itself to the Dynasty, the kingdom would be taken by force. Some of the noblemen—an alarming number of them—were beginning to suggest that surrender was a preferable option. Gevin had denounced them vigorously. He was—had been—the Dynasty’s biggest enemy in the Elisian court; even the King the crown prince were less certain. During the two years of Gevin’s absence, the King had opened talks with Scythe’s emissaries, discussing just what a surrender of the crown would entail. If Gevin had been there, perhaps he could have stopped his father. But now ... .

She could still hear his voice, passionate and driven, in her mind. Father hasn’t seen the Dynasty, Khriss; he doesn’t understand what it does. I’ve traveled through its provinces—you have no idea the poverty and despair of its people. Scythe keeps provinces, regions, and even cities isolated from one another. No one knows what is happening in the rest of the world, and they have no idea how poorly they’re being

 treated. If we give into the Dynasty, it wouldn’t only mean renouncing the monarchy and our titles. We would also have to dissolve the People’s Senate and abandon the Code of Rights. All of the progress we’ve made during the last century would be lost.

Khriss smiled to herself at the memory. The recollection wasn’t an exact picture of a place or time, more a general sense of what Gevin had been. His father didn’t really care about such things as the People’s Senate and the Code of Rights—in fact, the Senate had been a pebble in the Monarchy’s shoe for some time. The King would probably be glad for an excuse to get rid of it. Gevin, however, had always been more liberal. At times he had almost seemed more like a commoner than a nobleman, which was partially why the people had loved him so much. He had truly believed in the rights of all men, even the lowliest, and that was one of the things Khriss had respected about him the most.

Khriss shot a look at Kenton, walking beside her on the crowded Kezare street. There was a slight frown on his face, and his brow was furled in concentration as he wrestled with the overwhelming burden he was

 forced to carry. Gevin would have had little difficulty performing where Kenton was only barely succeeding. The Prince had been able to turn rabid enemies into teatime friends after just one meeting. Gevin’s charismatic force of will and mastery of politics had made him into a power that few could resist. In fact, Gevin had been good at everything. His jokes had been witty. He had been equally good at games of the mind and those of skill. He had passed his courses in the university with high marks. Gevin had been perfect in every way.

Why, then, hadn’t she felt for him the emotion she was beginning to feel for this intolerable sand master?

Kenton was rude, he was hardly a skilled politician, and he infuriated her. He wasn’t particularly handsome, and he definitely had something to learn about the proper way to treat a woman of noble birth. There absolutely nothing about him that she should find attractive. Yet, she did.

Perhaps it was his earnestness. Even now, as he walked toward another impossible confrontation, she could see the resolve in his eyes. He didn’t have the training or the upbringing, but he still tried. Where

 Gevin had been blessed with stunning looks and dazzling charisma, Kenton only had his sense of determination. And for some reason Kenton just felt more human to her than Gevin.

The prince had been perfect, but that made him unapproachable. How did one deal with a person so ideal? Khriss had loved him, to be certain, but it had been a more logical love. She had known she would marry him some day, she had respected his accomplishments and abilities, and had genuinely liked his personality. It had all seemed so simple—neat and orderly, just like one of her equations. They had met together often, discussing various topics of interest over meals, and then she had gone back to her books and Gevin had returned to his politics. The prince had been perfect, and she had been lucky to be his betrothed.

Kenton, however, infuriated her every time they met. But, at the same time, he invigorated her. There was no idle chatting with the sand master. Every conversation had a retort or an unexpected comment waiting at its end. However, some of the time she was able to get the better of him. He was more a person

 and less a god. Khriss could never have approached Gevin with problems or mistakes—they would have seemed too enormous in the face of his flawlessness.

It was strange. She had enjoyed being with Gevin, but she had never really felt a loss when they parted at the end of one of their meetings. She kept finding excuses to visit the Diem, however.

It’s just the sand mastery, she tried to convince herself. Nothing more. You’re being a foolish girl— you’re associating the ability with the man. You don’t want him, you just want his power.

“Well?"

Kenton’s comment startled her, and she immediately blushed, irrationally thinking that he had somehow known about her internal debate.

“Well what?” she asked, trying to cover he blush with a nonchalant air.

“Well, how are you going to get me in to see the Lord Merchant?” Kenton asked.

“You expect me to get you in?” Khriss demanded.

“You’re the tactful one,” Kenton explained. “We’re almost there, and honestly, I have no idea how to get in

 to see him. In fact, I don’t even know what I’m going to say to him if I do get in."

“Then why are we here?” Khriss asked as they approached the Lord Merchant’s office.

“I have to find a way to get Vey on my side,” Kenton reiterated, shooting an uncertain look at the structure.

“Personally,” Eric noted, “I think you’d have a better chance trying to get the A’Kar on your side."

Kenton sighed. “Well, I’ll think of something,” he mumbled, turning to walk up the steps.

#

"I’m sorry, but the Lord Merchant regrets to inform you that he is occupied with other matters."

Kenton frowned. They stood in the Lord Merchant’s waiting room, the austere quarters filled, as usual, with hopeful supplicants. The doors leading into Vey’s conference hall were open, though the turning hallway beyond didn’t provide a view of the Lord Merchant himself. Still, Kenton couldn’t hear the sounds of a discussion beyond, and he doubted that the Lord Merchant was ‘occupied.’ Of course, he hadn’t really expected a warm reception.

 “I thought you said you’d think of something,” Eric noted in Dynastic. He stood behind with Khriss and Ais—the tract actually had a look of amusement on his face, a rarity considering his usual stern expression. Apparently Ais was enjoying Kenton’s discomfort. Still, it was good to see him paying attention again— recently the trackt had been distracted by something, probably having to do with the reports he had been reading.

“Tell the Lord Merchant that I appreciate his busy schedule. I just wish a few moments to make amends between us. Our last meeting ended ... abruptly, with tempers raging. Such is not a proper way for members of the Council to treat one another."

“I will see that he gets the message, My Lord,” the attendant by the door said, not looking up from his ledgers.

Kenton frowned. Last time he had visited the Lord Merchant, the door attendant had been a young man, easily cowed by the sight of a sand master. This time, unfortunately, the boy had been replaced by an older, more experienced scribe. The man looked neither

 impressed nor frightened to be speaking with the Lord Mastrell.

Kenton scanned the small room. Its richly-dressed occupants waited unhappily—they were not the type who were usually forced to wait for anything. Only the Lord Merchant could treat them so. The room’s four Tower guards eyes Kenton appreciatively. Kenton could probably force his way past them, but it would be difficult to do so without hurting anyone. Besides, he recognized two of the men from his sparring practices at the Tower—he had no desire to put them in a situation where they were required to face his sand.

There had to be another way. What is it I want from Vey? The tribute—I want to know why the Guild has paid the tribute all these years. There has to be some reason. Vey would never do such a thing unless there were something in it for him. Or ... unless he was afraid for some reason. Afraid not to pay it.

“Well then,” Kenton said, projecting his voice loudly into Vey’s conference chamber, “I suppose I shall be going. Just tell the Lord Merchant that when he has time, I would like to discuss the tribute. I expect that

 it will be paid as always ... for the same reason as always."

He turned slowly, hoping to the sands that his ploy would work. He began to walk from the room, Khriss shooting him a confused look as Eric translated the statement.

“Wait!” a nervous, high-pitched voice called from deep inside the conference room. “Grelin, tell my colleague that I have found time for a brief conference. But, only he may enter."

Kenton smiled broadly. He nodded to the older attendant, who wore a confused frown on his face, then strode into the conference hall. He rounded the curve in the hallway to approach Vey’s throne-like seat.

Vey whispered to a scribe beside him—the only other man in the room—who scuttled away. A few moments later Kenton heard the council chamber doors shut.

“All right, Lord Mastrell,” Vey said, the side of his lips turning down in a sneer, “what do you want of me?"

“Nothing more than your vote, Lord Vey,” Kenton replied with a knowing smile.

 Vey cursed softly in Kershtian. “How did you find out?” he demanded.

“My father left behind records,” Kenton lied.

Vey frowned to himself, leaning back in his chair. He looked—embarrassed, and not a little annoyed. “Will this curse never leave me?” he hissed quietly in Kershtian.

“No one need know, Lord Merchant,” Kenton consoled. What could his father possibly have known about Lord Vey? “Give me your vote, and I will remain silent. I vow to tell no one, and take your secret to my funeral pyre."

Vey paused, looking up with confusion. “You ... won’t pass it on to the next Lord Mastrell?"

“Why would I do that?” Kenton said with a shrug. “We’ll have both passed from this world by then."

Vey smiled.

I’ve won! Kenton thought with excitement. Then he realized something—Vey’s smile wasn’t one of relief, but one of understanding. He looked into Kenton’s eyes suspiciously, no longer nervous. Somehow, Kenton had given himself away.

“And if I refuse, Lord Mastrell?”

 “I will proclaim your secret to all of Lossand,” Kenton threatened.

“And what secret would that be?” Vey pressed.

Kenton paused. Sands! I was so close. “The secret we both know,” Kenton said lamely.

Vey chuckled to himself, relieved, as he wiped his brow with a perfumed cloth. “I see, Lord Mastrell. Well, I have nothing to hide from Lossand. Feel free to tell the people whatever you want—be warned, however, that the Hall will require proof of whatever assertions you make."

Kenton cursed to himself. Where had he made his mistake? What clue had he given away?

“I’ll find your secret, Vey,” he warned. “Give me your vote, and I promise not to even search. I will forget about this entire exchange. Be warned, however, that when I find out what it is, you will not receive such a lenient offer."

“Blackmail, Lord Mastrell?” Vey asked with amusement. His eyes, however, betrayed a hint of anxiety.

Blackmail. That was what Kenton was proposing. The thought churned in his stomach—he had always

 been a man to confront people openly, and often with a great deal of yelling. The thought of pressuring Vey into giving his vote because of some dark secret suddenly seemed incredibly vile to Kenton.

Can I take advantage someone like that, even if it is to save the Diem? It was a decision he didn’t want to even think about. Of course, if he didn’t find out what Vey was hiding, then it wouldn’t matter anyway.

“We’ll see, Lord Merchant,” Kenton replied, turning to stride out of the man’s chambers.

 Chapter Twenty-Nine The doors to the Lord Merchant’s chambers opened, letting out a frowning Kenton. Khriss felt a stab of disappointment—when he had been invited in, she had assumed that he had somehow found the Lord Merchant’s weakness. However, if Kenton’s expression was any clue, the conversation hadn’t gone very well. Kenton shot her a look, then shook his head once.

“At least you got in,” she offered.

“He’s hiding something,” Kenton explained, leading them out of the mansion-like office building. “My father knew what it was, and was using it to blackmail Vey into paying the Diem a tribute every few months."

“And you don’t know what the secret is?” Khriss assumed.

Kenton shook his head. “It must be something extremely embarrassing, otherwise Vey wouldn’t risk tarnishing his Kershtian image by helping the Diem.”

 “Well, I know one thing,” Eric interrupted. “I’m hungry."

“You’re always hungry,” Kenton noted.

“When you spend three years living on the road, you learn to pay attention to where your next meal is going to come from. Today, I suspect it’s going to come from you. How about a restaurant?"

Kenton shot Khriss a look and she shrugged. She’d never eaten at a dayside restaurant—it could be interesting. He followed with a questioning look at Ais, but the trackt only gave him a flat stare in return.

“I suppose we might as well,” Kenton said.

“Good,” Eric said, heading for a building just a short distance from the Lord Merchant’s offices.

It was a single story building, which were more common in this area of Kezare. It was squat and rectangular with stone walls and numerous windows. Inside they found a large room, the center filled with low tables surrounded by cushions, the walls set with booths and bench-like seats and taller tables. It was dark enough that Khriss removed her spectacles.

A Lossandin serving man noticed them and grew pale in the face, nearly dropping his tray of food. The room

 was about half-filled, and every table fell silent as its occupants turned to stare at Kenton.

“I’d almost forgotten about that,” Kenton mumbled.

A serving man approached quickly, bowing several times and speaking in Lossandin. Kenton responded, gesturing toward one of the more private booths, and the man obsequiously led them over to sit down. Khriss seated herself beside Kenton, Eric sliding onto the other bench. Ais stood beside the table, eyeing it with a critical stare. Kenton said something to him, and finally the man shook his head, taking a seat at one of the central tables a short distance away.

Kenton sighed, turning away from the trackt.

“Eating with a sand master would be a major violation of his beliefs,” Eric explained to her.

“You would think that after all this time travelling with me, he would have realized that I’m not the demon his people say I am."

“Why is that, anyway?” Khriss asked. “Why do they hate you?"

“It has to do with sand mastery,” Kenton explained. “They believe the Sand Lord manifests himself in sandstorms, that the sand is his body and the sun is his

 eye. Sand mastery corrupts the sand somehow. I’ve never really understood it—of course, I’ve never had much reason to study Ker’Reen."

The serving man approached, speaking in Lossandin. “Do you care what I order?” Kenton asked.

Khriss shrugged, running her fingers across the smooth, black carapace table. “Something that doesn’t have too much Ashawen,” she requested.

Kenton spoke quietly with the serving man for a moment, the sand master’s face took on a look of displeasure.

“What’s going on?” Khriss asked Eric.

“It’s more expensive than he expected,” Eric explained. “Restaurants are rare on dayside—only the very wealthy can afford to eat at them."

“It’s more than that,” Kenton added. “It must be the carapace shortage—prices are rising all over town.” He sighed, then spoke again to the serving man. The server nodded and backed away with a respectful bow. Then the sand master turned back to the table, oddly silent, his face thoughtful.

“Trying to figure out what Vey’s hiding?” Eric assumed.

 Kenton shook his head. “Trying to decide what I would do if I knew what it was."

Eric snorted. “That should be easy."

“I don’t know if I could do it,” Kenton admitted. “I threatened Vey, but he seemed to sense the uncertainty behind the words. I honestly don’t know that I could blackmail him into giving me his vote."

“Vey is a piece of carapace sludge,” Eric argued. “You wouldn’t have to feel guilty about him."

“That’s not the point,” Kenton said with a shake of his head. “The Lady Judge said that Diem needs the approval of all the Professions—that’s why the vote has to be unanimous. Without unified agreement that the sand masters should continue, there would be resentment. If I blackmailed Vey it would seem like ... cheating somehow. If it were only my future I had to worry about, I would never blackmail him. However, I’m responsible for the entire Diem, now."

Suddenly, he looked up at Khriss. “Khrissalla, you’ve been doing this longer than I. What would you do?"

Khriss blinked in surprise. “Doing this?” she asked.

“Leading people. Being responsible for them. Isn’t that what you told me your nobles do back on

 darkside?"

“Well, after a fashion,” Khriss admitted, feeling guilty. She had known few members of the nobility who took as much concern for their people as Kenton did. Even Khriss herself hadn’t ever really thought about her responsibility—not until this trip, where she was forced to deal directly with those she led.

All your talk about being a duchess, but if the truth be known, you’re a worse leader than Kenton, who has only been Lord Mastrell for a week.

Kenton continued to look at her, a question in his eyes.

“You ask a difficult question,” Khriss said, thinking back to her university courses in philosophy. Several had touched on topics similar to his dilemma. “Is a man justified in committing a slight evil if it is in the name of protecting a greater good? There have been great debates over this in the Elisian university."

“And what have your scholars determined?"

“I don’t think they’ve determined anything,” Khriss admitted. Who am I to be talking about leadership? she wondered wryly. He should ask Baon.

 “I still don’t think it’s much of an issue,” Eric said as their food arrived. “Vey’s slime. The only way he’ll do what is right is if you force him into it somehow."

Kenton didn’t seem to like the answer, but he let the matter drop, turning instead to the meal. The serving man had brought them three large bowls filled with a kind of soup. However, the broth wasn’t hot, but cold instead—almost chilled. Khriss raised the spoon to her lips, tasting the liquid. She’d never had cold soup before, but in dayside’s heat, it was actually kind of refreshing. The broth tasted of carapace, and it was filled with large chunks of pickled vegetables. It wasn’t the most delicious thing Khriss had ever eaten, but it was tasteful enough—a little salty, but free from the pungent Ashawen.

“You know,” Kenton said as he ate, “I almost wish I hadn’t spent all those years fighting. If I had taken the first sash I was offered, then I wouldn’t be in this position now."

“True,” Eric agreed. “Of course, the Diem would have been dissolved a week and a half ago."

Kenton nodded. “I suppose. Though that might not have been so bad—Lady Heelis said she was planning

 to try and get the sand masters a place in the Draft. We would have been a sub-Profession under the Lord Artisan’s leadership."

“That is, if Heelis succeeded,” Eric reminded. “I’ve done a little bit of snooping on my own. Most people think that if you hadn’t shown up, the Lord General and the Lord Merchant would have destroyed the sand masters completely."

“How could you do that?” Khriss asked with a frown. “Even if they dissolved the Diem, there would still be sand masters."

“They could have forbidden us to practice,” Kenton explained, chewing on a chunk of radish. “Eventually, we all would have died off, and with us would have gone sand mastery."

“And new sand masters wouldn’t be born?” Khriss asked.

“Sand mastery has to be trained,” Kenton explained. “There aren’t any spontaneous sand masters."

“Trained?” Khriss asked, suddenly interested. She tried to be nonchalant as she continued. “Trained how?”

 Kenton smiled. “I’m not going to tell you that. I doubt even the Lady Judge knows that secret."

Khriss sighed. “All right,” she continued, “then if sand mastery has to be trained, where did the first sand master come from?"

Kenton paused. “I hadn’t thought about that,” he admitted. “I don’t know."

“I have another question,” Khriss began.

“That’s a surprise,” Kenton mumbled, spooning up another sip of soup.

“What did you say?” she demanded.

“Nothing,” he said. “Go on."

“Well,” Khriss said, “you claim the Lady Judge would have tried to subjugate the sand masters underneath another Profession. Aren’t they afraid that they couldn’t control you? I mean, from what I’ve seen, a single sand master could easily be worth a dozen soldiers."

“Easily,” Kenton agreed. “Before he died, I saw my father let loose a wave of sand that killed at least two hundred Kershtians."

“If I were in control, I wouldn’t even think of subjugating you, or even letting sand mastery die off. I

 would either let you continue on, or I would have to destroy you completely. Anything else would be too dangerous."

Kenton shook his head. “You’re probably right. Fortunately, I don’t think they know how powerful we are. The sand masters haven’t been called to war for centuries—the only battles Lossand has had to fight recently came from an occasional Border Kingdom, and the Tower easily defeated them on their own. People have forgotten what the sand masters really are. They see us as secretive and mystical, but think our abilities are good for little more than the occasional hop through the air."

“This time, your reputation served you instead of hurting you,” Eric agreed, already finishing the last of his soup. “The girl’s right—you should be dead right now. If not by the Kershtians, then by your own countrymen. By the way, you should probably duck."

Kenton shot his friend a confused look, then followed Eric’s nod across the room where a man—apparently one of the serving men—was lowering his arm toward Kenton’s head.

 “Aisha!” Kenton swore, pushing Khriss’s head down and ducking beneath the table. A second later an arrow snapped against their booth.

Kenton moved, leaping out into the middle of the room, leaving Khriss beneath the table. She saw sand flash, and then the restaurant exploded with movement, patrons screaming and running for cover while assassins appeared from all directions, climbing in windows and dashing through the door, all focused on Kenton.

“You would think they’d have the decency not to interrupt lunch,” Eric noted, still sitting in his seat.

Khriss raised her head, peeking nervously over the top of the table. Eric continued to pick at the last few vegetables in his bow, as if oblivious to the chaos happening a short distance away. Kenton had picked up a round carapace table with his sand and was swinging it wildly at his attackers. Ais was covering the sand master’s back, picking off assassins with his zinkall.

“Eric!” Khriss said, not certain what to make of the ruckus. “Don’t you think we should ... .”

 “Help?” he filled in. “Kenton can take care of himself. Weren’t you here for the conversations a few minutes ago? Killing hundreds of men with sand and all that."

“But, these ones are ...” she struggled to remember the Kershtian word. “Sand-proof,” she finally said.

“He can still take care of himself. Kenton’s a—"

Eric stopped suddenly, his hand snapping forward to catch a misfired arrow as it passed in front of him. The tip stopped just a few inches from Khriss’s face.

Khriss regarded the arrow with stupefaction, her mind barely realizing how close she had come to death, or at least a serious wound. Then, however, she turned her attention to Eric. He had moved so quickly, with reflexes she had assumed he lacked.

Eric ignored the extraordinary feat he had just performed, using the arrow to stab a vegetable from Kenton’s bowl and raising it to his lips. “He’ll be all right,” he reiterated.

Khriss watched the battle with concern. Eric appeared to be right—Kenton was doing rather well. Three of the assassins already lay immobile on the floor, and a fourth was clutching one of Ais’s arrows in

 his side. Only three remained, and they appeared to be out of arrows. They were trying to circle around and flank Kenton, but the wild sweeps of his table kept them at bay.

“I’m glad you’re here, friend,” Eric suddenly said. “This soup is delicious—I’d like another bowl."

Khriss looked at Eric with surprise, and only then did she notice the serving man who had been crawling their direction, as if frightened by the fight. The man’s face was Kershtian and, Khriss noticed uncomfortably, he had a large bulge underneath the sleeve of his left arm. A zinkall shaped bulge.

The serving man stood quickly, pointing his arm at Khriss and yelling something toward Kenton.

The sand master turned with surprise, lowering his table when he saw Khriss. His three opponents quickly advanced on him.

“No!” Khriss yelled in alarm.

The assassin threatening Khriss turned with a smile. As he did so he got a face full of soup.

Eric leapt from his seat, slapping his hand at the Kershtian. However, the attack wasn’t aimed at the man’s face or chest, but his arm. Moving with the lithe

 precision of a warrior, Eric knocked the zinkall away from Khriss’s face and then, with a second blow almost to quick to see, struck at the weapon itself.

The Kershtian’s arm hissed for a moment, then fell silent. The assassin backed away, wiping his face and cursing as he pulled out his black carapace sword. Eric sat down on the edge of the table and smiled at the man. As soon as the Kershtian attacked, however, Eric dodged out of the way, moving almost like an acrobat as he kept just beyond the man’s thrusts.

So he is the Lord General’s son, Khriss thought, pulling back against the side of her booth, watching Eric with amazement. She had never seen a man fight with such skill. Even Baon didn’t fight like Eric— though, to be fair, swordplay was becoming increasingly rare on darkside. Eric’s balance was incomparable, he leapt from table to table, sometimes using his weight to tip them over and block blows from his opponent.

Yet, for all his skill, Eric didn’t attack. He continued to dodge, easily keeping away from the frustrated Kershtian, sometimes using flagons or bowls to bat the man’s weapon away. As he fought, Eric abandoned the

 smile that always seemed to be on his lips. His eyes were focused and intense. As he dodged, his body suddenly didn’t look quite as husky as it had before, his small paunch almost disappearing, his legs moving with a speed that denoted strength rather than fat.

Kenton had raised his table in time to ward off his foes, and was now using his sand to grab random objects, such as plates and bowls, and hurl them at his opponents. The missiles flew powerfully, and his three opponents were quickly reduced to a single man, whom Ais suddenly tackled from behind.

Then Khriss noticed something. One of the men who had fallen earlier had managed to get onto his knees. He rose, stumbling in her direction, raising his sword. His eyes were disoriented, but they were also hateful.

“Kenton!” Khriss yelped, searching for some sort of weapon. She was backed into a corner. She considered sliding beneath the table again, but that would do little good. So, instead, she moved out of the booth and tried to dash toward a nearby window.

The Kershtian lunged forward, grabbing her arm as she passed. The man swore at her in Kershtian, raising his weapon and screaming at Kenton.

 There was a sudden crash in the air, and the Kershtian’s chest exploded, spraying Khriss with gore. He tumbled to the ground, releasing her hand. Khriss stumbled backwards, sickened, stunned, and horrified. Then she looked up. “Baon?” she asked.

Acron stood in the doorway, his shaking arm holding Gevin’s pistol.

Khriss felt herself slip backward, tumbling toward the floor in a daze. A strong arm caught her. A strong, glowing arm. She blacked out for a moment, and when she awoke she found herself gripped in an embrace of sand. Kenton was there a moment later, sitting her down against the wall and wiping the blood from her face with a rag.

“I’m sorry,” he whispered. “I shouldn’t have let you come with me."

She shook her head, gathering her wits, trying to remove the image of the assassin’s sudden death from her mind. “Kenton?” she asked, still slightly disoriented.

“Yes?” he replied with concern.

“What is that rag made out of? You don’t have sheep over here. I’ve always wondered how you make cloth.”

 Kenton chuckled. “You’re hopeless,” he said. “It comes from a shalrim, a plant that grows underneath sand of moderate depth. It’s one of the main things we trade with the Kershtians for."

Khriss nodded—she had assumed it was something like that. “I’m all right,” she said, taking a deep breath. “How is everyone else?"

“Eric is complaining of a bruised finger,” Kenton said. “Other than that we’re all right."

“My Lady,” Acron said, kneeling on the ground beside her. “I’m sorry—I didn’t know what else to do. He looked like he was going to strike you, and I didn’t know what he was saying, so I just ... ."

“It’s all right, Acron,” Khriss assured. “You did the right thing.” And I thank the Divine you actually hit the person you were aiming for.

Kenton gave her one final glance, as if he didn’t believe her assertion that she was all right, then stood. “Ais,” he said loudly. “I thought you said they wouldn’t attack today.” Eric, sitting in a nearby booth, translated his words for her.

The trackt knelt a short distance away, studying the body of the man Acron had killed. There was a deep

 frown on his face. “They shouldn’t have,” he said, rising. “At least, not by regular interpretation of the KerKor."

“The KerKor?” Khriss asked.

“Kershtian holy document,” Eric explained. “Though, I suppose ‘document’ is a bit misleading. The thing is huge—it forms the basis for most Kershtian customs and laws. The Lossanders copied it when they made their Law."

“According to the KerKor,” Ais continued, “the assassins can attack on odd numbered days by the Kershtian calendar. If they skip a day, they’ve missed their chance, and should wait another day."

“Well, they obviously didn’t,” Kenton challenged.

Ais just shook his head. “I don’t know what to say,” he admitted. “Whoever is doing this must not understand the KerKor very well."

“The A’Kar?” Kenton asked with surprise.

Ais snorted. “No, not the A’Kar, sand master. The one he assigned to perform the assassination. He must not have read the KerKor closely. I can’t believe that anyone would ignore the stipulations intentionally.”

 Kenton sighed, turning concerned eyes back toward Khriss.

“I’m fine, really,” she promised, standing up to prove her point. “I was just a little stunned."

“All right,” Kenton said. “Ais, I assume you want to stay here?"

The trackt nodded. “Perhaps I can discover some clue as to who is organizing the attacks, Ry’Kensha,” he said.

# Ais watched the Lord Mastrell go, then turned back to his investigation. However, he wasn’t as interested in the possibility of finding the man behind the attacks as he was in what had killed the assassin on the floor in front of him. He had seen—and heard—the strange weapons once before, when Kenton had been attacked in darksider town. Ais hadn’t received an opportunity to investigate them that time.

Ais knelt beside the body and rolled it over, revealing the enormous hole in the man’s back. Ais had never seen damage so extensive. With his eyes he traced a line from the dead man to the place the fat darksider had been standing. Then he moved the other

 direction, searching for the weapon that had killed in such a powerful, gruesome manner. He found the small bit of metal embedded in the far wall. It was spattered and mangled.

What was it? Some sort of strange power, like sand mastery? He had heard stories of the marvels of darkside, but had never believed them. Somehow, the tube the darksider had been holding was powerful enough to slay a man faster than Ais could blink.

“Sir!” Tain said, hurrying into the room, bringing a dozen of Ais’s trackts with him.

Ais stood. “Clean this up,” he requested. “See if you can determine anything about the one who send them."

“Yes, sir,” Tain said, saluting. Then he proffered a black piece of paper. “Here, this came for you today."

Ais frowned. It looked suspiciously like one of Nilto’s letters. However, when he ripped it open, undoing the seal made by wiping a tiny bit of water on the edges of the paper and folding it together, he found that he was wrong. It wasn’t from Nilto. It was actually from a completely different source.

 Meet me at eighth hour in the building where you caught Lokmlen, it read.

“What is it?” Tain asked.

Ais’s face was emotionless, but he was smiling inside. “A gift from the Sand Lord himself."

# Kenton was only just beginning to understand what a horrible thing responsibility could be. As a boy, he had seen the Lord Mastrell as an arrogant tyrant, a man who played with the emotions of others for his own pleasure. The boy Kenton had seen no logic behind Praxton’s decisions; he had seen only the hurt, not the further pain that hurt could prevent. Life had been easier then—Kenton had been so certain of what was right and what was wrong.

Kenton stood in his rooms, trying to confront the decisions before him. What would he do if he were given the opportunity to blackmail the Lord Merchant? He wasn’t certain yet, though he did resent the need to make such a decision. However, as Lord Mastrell, he somehow knew that this would not be the first difficult choice he would be forced to make —assuming, of course, the Diem and he both survived

 the next few days. It was almost as if he were a sacrifice for the rest of the sand masters. As leader, he would tarnish his sense of right and wrong so that the rest of them could maintain their innocence.

No wonder Eric fled all those years ago, he thought suddenly.

He could see the young Eric in his mind, a tall, powerful boy with close-cropped dark hair and intense eyes. Eric had always been the same, so quick to please, so formal and righteous. He had been the same up until the day before he left when, inexplicably, he had suddenly cracked.

It had happened during NaishaLa, one of the traditional Kershtian feasting days. Kenton had been with Eric at an enormous feast thrown by the Lord General. Kenton still didn’t know what had set Eric off, what final grain of sand had proven too much for him to bear. They had been eating, Kenton monopolizing the conversation as he usually did. Then, Eric had suddenly exploded into a mess of tears, accusations, and pain. He had run from the party, cursing his father, Kenton, and the formless sense of ‘responsibility’ he felt.

 The next day, Eric had left for darkside. His only explanation for his outburst had been to say he just couldn’t handle the idea of some day becoming Lord General. He had disappeared for three years.

I almost wish I could do the same, Kenton thought ruefully. It wasn’t just the decision about Vey—that was a minor thing, really. He didn’t even know what the Lord Merchant was hiding. His stress was greater than one complaint—it was everything combined. It was the knowledge that so many people depended on him, the feeling of helplessness in the face of the Diem’s awesome problems. Most recently, it was the knowledge that being near him could prove deadly to his friends.

The attack earlier in the day had shaken him more than any so far. For the first time, the assassins had specifically targeted those around him as a means of forcing him to stop fighting. Poor Khriss had nearly been killed in the attack, not to mention Eric. He even worried about Ais—the obstinate trackt wasn’t really a friend, but Kenton would feel terrible if the man died in his defense.

 So, he finally understood what had made Eric flee. This new Eric, the carefree vagabond, wasn’t really so new. He had always been there, hiding behind Eric’s statuesque persona. Kenton had seen hints of the boy’s true personality, though such glimpses had been rare. It was responsibility—the knowledge of what he would have to become—that had forced Eric to be so stiff.

The other thing that bothered him was his upcoming fight with Drile. The duel was like an ominous sandstorm, blowing in the distance. Kenton couldn’t avoid it, no matter how he tried. He had to face Drile.

If only there were a way to increase my power, he thought with frustration, pounding the balcony banister lightly with his fist. He’d thought he had it figured out. Overmastery made so much sense. It was the only thing that could have increased Kenton’s powers, and it was a good explanation as to why mastrells were so powerful. Why, then, had Overmastering taken away Elorin’s powers.

Maybe you have to be very careful, Kenton thought. If you go too far, you burn away your powers. But, if

 you Overmaster just enough, you tax your abilities and cause them to stretch.

It made sense, but there were still too many questions. Dare he try Overmastering? What if he lost his powers? What if he didn’t get them back in time for the fight? What if the Kershtians attacked while he was helpless?

“Ry’Kensha,” Ais’s voice said.

Kenton looked up, turning around on the balcony to look back at the trackt, who sat looking over papers in his usual place.

“Yes, Ais?” Kenton replied.

“I trust you will not object if I leave you now?” Ais replied, stacking his papers together and rising from his seat.

Kenton frowned, checking the time. The moon was barely visible peaking over the Diem roof to the southwest. It was only eighth hour; Ais usually stayed at least until tenth hour.

“You’re leaving early,” Kenton noted. “What is happening, Ais? Do you have a pretty woman waiting for your company somewhere?”

 Ais didn’t respond, maintaining his normal expressionless face. “I have Hall duties to deal with,” he said simply.

“Hall duties?” Kenton prodded.

Ais shot him a look, obviously not appreciating the intrusion. Kenton didn’t care—the trackt had been intruding on Kenton’s affairs for the last ten days.

“I am close to catching a criminal,” Ais finally explained. “A very important one. Today I have a meeting with one of his former associates."

“Sounds interesting,” Kenton said, he said impassively. He needed something—anything—to take his mind off of his moral dilemmas. “Perhaps I can help."

“I doubt it,” Ais said with a stern voice. “Your presence won’t be necessary."

Kenton shrugged. “If you wish, Ais. While you’re gone, though, I think I’ll go and speak with one of the Taisha. I haven’t been to meet with the Lord Farmer yet."

Ais paused, and Kenton caught a glimmer of conflict in the Kershtian’s eyes. He had been ordered to spy on Kenton for the Lady Judge. She obviously wanted

 to know what kind of deals Kenton was making to get the Taishin on his side. Ais knew Kenton’s threat was a hollow one, but if Kenton did go to see a Taisha while Ais wasn’t there, the trackt would be in obvious violation of his orders.

“All right,” Ais finally said. “You may come with me.” # They stopped first at Ais’s house, where the Ais left a note for his family. What he was doing could be dangerous—if something were to happen, Ais wanted them to know what he had been doing. After that, they made their way to the meeting place, the very room where Ais’s band had been attacked a week before, the place where Jedan had been killed. Ais stood by the window, keeping a careful look on the building’s entrance three stories below.

“So, who is it we are meeting?” Kenton asked quietly, peeking out the window beside Ais.

“I don’t know,” Ais confessed.

“You don’t know?” Kenton asked incredulously.

“He didn’t give his name,” Ais said with annoyance.

“Those who work with Sharezan don’t often publicize the fact.”

 “Sharezan?” Kenton asked. “That’s who you’re trying to catch?"

Ais nodded, wondering for the hundredth time why he had agreed to bring the fool of a mastrell along.

“Sands, Ais, that man is supposed to be insane!” Kenton said. “Don’t you think we should have brought some more men?"

“We’re not meeting Sharezan,” Ais said. “Just one of his associates."

“One you think will betray him,” Kenton pointed out. “Yes."

“That sounds dangerous enough to require a few more tracts,” Kenton noted.

Ais snorted quietly. “I have you, don’t I, Lord Mastrell?"

“Yes, but you weren’t going to bring me. Besides, you hate it when I try to help you."

Ais sighed to himself, turning to the white-clothed Lord Mastrell. Kenton was right—it was dangerous— but Ais couldn’t admit that. He couldn’t tell Kenton that the reason he hadn’t brought any more men was because he didn’t want them to know what he was doing.

 Technically, he shouldn’t be here. The Lady Judge had taken him off the Sharezan case. Though she hadn’t expressly forbidden him to continue investigating, Ais doubted she would be pleased to hear of this meeting. He hadn’t even told Tain or the other members of his personal band.

“What reason would I have for bringing other trackts?” Ais asked. “To protect me? If the man we are going to meet wanted me dead, he could have accomplished that goal with much simpler methods."

“And if he tries to escape?” Kenton asked.

“If he runs, then that means I have failed,” Ais explained. “Catching an uncooperative man won’t lead me to Sharezan."

“If you say so,” Kenton said, unconvinced.

Ais offered no further explanation, continuing to keep watch below. I have to find the answer, he thought to himself. I have to find the proof I seek. He had been trying for years to prove his suspicions, that Nilto and Sharezan were the same man. If he could just find one witness. ...

Ais paused. He had thought he’d heard a noise coming up the stairs. But that was impossible—he’d

 been watching the entrance the entire time.

Kenton had raised his head—he had heard it as well. Aiesha! Ais cursed himself. The building had been a criminal safehouse—of course it would have secret entrances. He composed himself, preparing to deal with the person approaching. He would offer immunity in exchange for information. The man would talk—the news on the street was that he was scared, whoever he was. Kenton was right, Sharezan was insane, and he was displeased with his subordinates. In a way, Ais could thank Sharezan himself for arranging this meeting. If his people hadn’t felt so threatened, they wouldn’t be looking to deal with the trackts.

Ais paused. Something was wrong. Suddenly, his senses came alert, his body tense.

“What?” Kenton asked nervously.

Ais held out a hand for silence. He listened carefully to the approaching footsteps. One pair was odd, uneven. As if ... it were walking with a limp. Nilto. Sharezan. I’ve been betrayed.

“Aisha!” Ais cursed, turning to duck through the broken wall toward the back room. Kenton followed

 whipping out a handful of sand.

“What?” he repeated.

“You were right, Ry’Kensha,” Ais explained. “It is a trap."

Kenton looked at him with confusion, a question on his face. Ais ignored him, swinging out of the window and sliding down the same ladder that Lokmlen had used to make his own escape. A second later the Lord Mastrell dropped to the ground beside him on a line of blasphemous sand.

Nilto must have caught him before he met with us, Ais thought with anger, moving out of the alley and into the ever-present Kezare crowd. Another opportunity lost.

 Chapter Thirty Khriss sipped her tea. The drink helped calm her. After the day’s events, and her near death, the soothing warmth was welcome. She sat beside the fire, wrapped in a soft house robe, trying her best to believe she was back on darkside. It wasn’t working.

The fire blazed, but the thick glass kept out much of its heat. The room looked like one from Elis, but there were subtle differences. Some of the finishings appeared to be wood at first, but were really carapace painted brown. Despite Idan’s cleanings, there were still specks of white sand in corners and crevices around the room. And, of course, there was the ever- present sun’s heat, tangible here even where she was hidden away beneath the rock.

I don’t belong here, Khriss thought, drinking her tea. I never belonged here. I shouldn’t have come. Everyone already assumed that Gevin was dead—what have I proven? Sand mastery might be worth the

 effort, but Kenton will never open up to me. He doesn’t trust me—as he shouldn’t.

Yet, she had seen something in his eyes earlier, when he had seen her in danger. Something that whispered that there might be another reason for her to stay on dayside.

She had to stay for another few days at least. She couldn’t leave until she knew whether Kenton had succeeded or not, whether he lived or not. She had spent years wondering about Gevin; she wouldn’t go through that again.

She heard the front door open and close, then a set of light footsteps padded down the short set of stairs to the den. Only one person with so slight a step would be coming to her house.

“Hello, N’Teese,” Khriss said, not looking up.

“Nilto sent you a message,” N’Teese said, not bothering to return Khriss’s greeting.

“Yes?"

“He says he hasn’t been able to find out anything about Baon,” N’Teese explained. “And says he’s not going to be able to look any longer. He’s leaving Kezare for a little while.”

 “Leaving?” Khriss said with a frown. “Where is he going?"

“Why would he tell me that?” N’Teese replied.

“Never mind,” Khriss said with a sigh, finishing the last of her tea. In a way, she was glad to be rid of the offensive man—she hadn’t really expected him to find Baon, she had only gone to him because she didn’t know what else to do.

Baon is probably on a ship back to darkside right now, she thought.

Besides, she suspected that Nilto wouldn’t have told her even if he had found the warrior. The Lord Beggar obviously hated her, or, at least, he hated her richness. He hadn’t wanted to deal with her in the first place. She wouldn’t care if she never saw the repulsive creature again.

You’re being unfair, she chastised herself. At least he had sent a message through N’Teese—he could have just left. In addition, he had returned Gevin’s pistol and signet to her, even if he had made light of her pain. A man such as he had a right to be angry with the rich. Khriss’s time on dayside had taught her many things, and one of them was exactly how

 frustrating it was to be treated like an inferior. Her waiting at the offices of the various Taisha had been unsatisfying for more than one reason—she was becoming increasingly aware of how unimportant her title was. Her realization the day before, in the restaurant with Kenton, had only strengthened that awareness.

Judge people, not faces, duchess. Baon’s words returned to her, counseling her even after his disappearance. She owed the man so much, even if he was a traitor. She wished she could have told him that much, at least, before he returned to the Dynasty.

People, not faces. Something was nagging at her mind, a connection waiting to be made. An observation she had passed over a dozen times. It was something simple, but for some reason she couldn’t figure out what it was.

It finally came to her in the form of a single word, spoken carelessly.

# Khriss strode through the streets of Kezare, for once heedless of the jostling crowds. Acron hustled beside her, working hard to keep up. The overweight linguist

 had heard her leaving, and had insisted on accompanying her to provide protection in the event of danger. After his surprising performance earlier in the day, Khriss was willing to admit he might actually be useful. N’Teese led her through the crowd, barely visible in the distance.

However, at that moment she wasn’t thinking about Acron or N’Teese. She was focused on how much sense everything suddenly made. She should have seen it earlier.

“He was right here,” N’Teese explained, pointing toward a less-populated street.

Khriss turned the corner, looking down the street. There was no sign of Nilto.

“The docks,” Khriss guessed, turning back to the street. This time she led the way, pushing in the now- familiar direction, leaving N’Teese and Acron behind. The docks were only a short distance away. However, when she arrived, she looked with despair across the shifting mass of people, loading and unloading, buying and selling, tallying and organizing. How would she ever ... .

 A stooped-over form suddenly stood out in the crowd. There was a small bubble of open space around his limping body, and the crowd gave him a wide berth. Nilto. He was heading for the plank of a ship ready to set sail.

Khriss rushed forward, ramming through the crowd. She vaguely caught sight of Acron joining the fray behind her, though she had completely lost sight of N’Teese. It didn’t matter. She just had to catch Nilto before he left. Unfortunately, she was still a good distance away when the Lord Beggar reached the plank and started walking up toward the deck.

She gathered he strength, and put it into one piercing yell, projecting her voice over the crowd’s hustle. “Gevin!"

Nilto paused. He turned, his single eye scanning the crowd behind him until it fell on her. His scarred face frowned—a face that betrayed shambles and remnants of a face that had once been so familiar to her. She should have noticed, should have seen through the destruction. The Elisian guard had told her about Gevin’s injury, said that he had taken a pistol shot in the head. He should have told her that the shot to the

 head had really been one to the face—of course, she should have figured that out on her own. The only way he could have been shot in the head and survived, even long enough to be taken to Kezare, would have been if the ball grazed his face. Tearing away the eye and nose, shattering the jaw so his speech became slurred ... .

Gevin stood on the plank for a long moment, then he limped back down and waited as she pushed through the final distance to stand in front of him. A brief second later Acron managed to disengage himself from the crowd behind them.

“So, you figured it out,” Gevin noted.

Khriss nodded.

“What gave me away?"

“Our last meeting,” she explained. “You called me Khriss."

“Ah,” Gevin said with a nod. “You’ve changed so much, my dear. You would never have noticed such an error before."

“Gevin,” Khriss said, pained. He had spent all this time knowing she was on Dayside, had spoken with her

 on three separate occasions, and never revealed himself. “Why?” she asked quietly.

Gevin moved a little to the side and gestured for her to follow. He led to a large pile of boxes a short distance away, moving behind the obstruction to give them a little bit of privacy from the crowds. They weren’t completely secluded—dockworkers continued move the boxes, loading them on a nearby ship—but it did feel a little more personal.

“Why?” he repeated. “Do you really think I could return, looking like this?"

“Yes,” Khriss said flatly. “Your looks don’t matter, Gevin. Your duty is what is important."

“Duty?” Gevin asked with a harsh laugh. “Duty to a country that didn’t want to be saved? They were just waiting to get rid of me so they could crawl to Scythe and offer to kiss his feet. No, Khriss, I’ve found a new duty. Here, on dayside, amongst those who are now my brothers."

“You should have sent word,” Khriss challenged. “Told us something, so we wouldn’t come looking for you.”

 “Sending word to Elis would have been as good as sending word to the Dynasty,” Gevin said with a shake of his head. “Scythe has so many agents and lackeys amongst Elis’s elite, he needn’t have bothered trying to kill me. But, Scythe always has been thorough. No, Khriss, I couldn’t send you word—I had to hope that Scythe assumed me dead, and would leave me alone. Besides, the Khrissalla I knew would never have done something as reckless as coming to look for me."

“You left me alone, Gevin,” Khriss whispered. “What else was I to do? I loved you."

Gevin shook his scarred head, turning from her to Acron, who was standing at her side. “So, you’re the one,” Gevin noted.

Khriss frowned, her stunned mind barely registering the comment. She turned to see that Acron had pulled out the pistol she had given him. Gevin’s pistol.

“Are you finished?” Acron asked conversationally, sounding very much unlike himself.

“I assume I am,” Gevin said. “In more ways than one. I should have left town the moment I learned that Khrissalla was on dayside.”

 “Probably,” Acron agreed. “The girl has enough curiosity for ten men."

Gevin tried to back away, but Acron cocked the pistol as he did so. “You heard my story,” Gevin explained through his mangled face. “I am of no threat to the Dynasty."

“You said it yourself,” Acron said. “Scythe is very thorough."

Khriss stared at the gun with disbelief. Acron’s entire bearing had changed. His face was hard, rather than jovial, his eyes keen as opposed to foolish.

“Acron?” she asked with amazement.

“Don’t curse yourself, duchess,” Acron said, a slight smile on his lips. “Like I said, Scythe’s assassins are extremely well-trained."

Khriss backed away, stunned. The dockworkers continued to load boxes, completely oblivious to the danger. Acron raised the weapon toward Gevin, who was trying to scoot away.

There was a thunderous explosion, powder detonating.

Acron fell to the ground.

 Khriss gasped in surprise, then looked up as one of the dockworkers threw back his hood and stood up straight, suddenly standing a full foot taller than those around him. His bald head was a dark black.

“Baon!” Khriss exclaimed as the tall warrior climbed over one of the boxes and walked toward her. Behind him the other dockworkers scattered in alarm, frightened by the sudden explosion. Khriss ignored them, grabbing Baon in a very unduchessly hug.

Baon bore it with an uncomfortable face. Finally she released him and he nodded toward Acron’s body. “Funny,” he noted, “I’d almost convinced myself it was the other one."

“Cynder?” she asked with amazement.

Baon nodded. “I was sure no one could possibly be as obtusely sarcastic as he is."

“Then you ... .” Khriss trailed off.

Baon nodded. “I knew it was one of the two. Scythe never trusts soldiers to do as they’re told. He always sends a back up."

The click of a hammer being drawn was the only warning they had. Baon pushed her to the side, diving in the other direction as the pistol went off. One of the

 carapace boxes behind them shattered. Acron, surprisingly nimble for a man of his bulk, tossed aside the pistol and leapt to his feet, ignoring the wound in his side. Baon cursed, trying to raise one of his own weapons, but Acron moved more quickly, tackling the warrior and slamming him against the dock’s stone.

A second later both men were on their feet again, swinging and kicking at each other with precision. Acron, despite his fat, moved as dexterously as Baon, blocking the mercenary’s attacks with fluid movements. The two fought with a form of combat Khriss had never seen before, striking with their fists in the same way the other men would use weapons. They spun and blocked, moving almost superhumanly quick. The two seemed evenly matched. Acron even seemed to be getting a bit of an upper hand—right up to the moment when Khriss shot him.

The smoke cleared from the third shot, and Acron toppled to the ground. This time, Baon quickly grabbed the fat man’s neck and twisted it with a snap, just to make certain. Baon rose, breathing heavily. Never, in all the times the had been attacked during

 the expedition, had Khriss seen the large warrior so winded from a battle.

“He was good,” Baon said appreciatively, wiping the sweat from his brow. “Of course, the fact that he managed to hide from me all these months was enough to indicate that.” He nodded toward the pistol in Khriss’s hand. “Thank you."

“Baon... .” Khriss said. “So you’re not a spy after all?"

“Actually,” Baon noted, “I am. I didn’t lie to you, I was sent by the Dynasty. I am not here to kill the prince, however."

“But... .” Khriss began. However, before she could continue, she noticed something. Gevin was getting away. The Lord Beggar was limping clandestinely away from the boxes.

“Wait,” Khriss ordered to Baon, then rushed forward. “Gevin?” she asked, laying a hand on his shoulder. Gevin spun, shaking off her touch with a curse.

“Why are you still following me, woman?” he demanded. “You’ve already led one assassin to me. Are you determined to see me dead?” Despite the

 calm front he had displayed for Acron, he was obviously shaken.

“But, Gevin,” Khriss began. “The assassin is dead. You can come back with me, you can... ."

“Go back?” Gevin demanded. “Why would I want to go back? Scythe will just send more assassins for me."

“You’ll be safe in Elis,” Khriss said.

Gevin snorted, his eyes flickering toward Acron’s body. “No, Khrissalla, I don’t think so. This is why I couldn’t tell you—or anyone—where I was. I’ve been living in terror these last few years. The Dynasty tried to kill me once. Somehow I knew, knew that Scythe would seek me out. Here, at least, I could hide. I’m another person. Here people know me for what I really am, not for a title. Tell me, why would I want to go back?"

Khriss paused. “To be with me?” she whispered quietly.

Gevin snorted. “Ah, Khrissalla. Changed in some ways, but still so innocent."

Khriss paused. “What do you mean?"

Gevin looked into her eyes—there was anger there, anger at being discovered. There was something else,

 something much more deep. Something she had never seen before, but must have been there all along. Annoyance.

“So innocent,” Gevin said, his voice almost a hiss. “You never knew. You never even suspected. I had dozens of them over the years. Some of them common girls, others more noble."

“No!” Khriss whispered.

“The entire court knew about it, of course,” Gevin explained. “It was quite the scandal. But you never even grew suspicious. You were always so consumed by your books and your ledgers—you took little notice of what was happening around you."

“No ... .” Khriss repeated, growing sick.

“They laughed at you,” Gevin said with a shrug, “and I laughed with them. I knew I would be forced to marry you some day, but I couldn’t imagine life with you as my bride. You were such a dull creature. You hid from excitement and the world, and it was so tedious to deal with the drivel you thought of as conversation. You know, half the reason I left for dayside was to get away from you.”

 Khriss felt her knees grow weak, and she felt like sliding ground. However, something kept her upright, kept the sobs of agony from bursting forth right there. It was as if she didn’t even have the strength left to break down.

“Leave me alone, woman,” Gevin hissed. “Go back to darkside and leave me be."

The old Khriss would have run. She would have fled before Gevin’s vengeful tongue. However, Khriss was half surprised to realize she had more strength than she realized.

Khriss felt herself raise her pistol, cocking the second hammer. “No,” she said. “You go. After all I did, after all my searching... . Get out of my sight, Gevin. Leave before I decide to shoot you."

Gevin chuckled to himself, standing. “I almost believe you would. It’s a pity, dear Khriss. You’ve grown so much—if you had been more like this two years ago, perhaps I wouldn’t have been forced to run away."

Khriss felt her face grow hot, then she cursed quietly to herself, lowering the weapon.

 Gevin smiled, then nodded toward the body. “By the way, thank you. I guess I won’t have to be leaving town after all. It’s odd—I’d heard that the large fellow behind you was the one who wanted me dead. I guess sometimes one’s sources can be wrong, can’t they, Khriss?"

Khriss frowned, regarding the creature that had once been her betrothed. He sickened her. Not his appearance, but his attitude. Maybe being on dayside had convinced him of what he really was, and maybe he really was doing some good for the outcasts of Kezare. He had still, however, abandoned his first duty —that of his people back in Elis.

“I only want to know one thing, Gevin,” she said as he turned to walk away. “What made you give up? I’ve never known you to abandon an objective. You came here to get the sand masters. I can understand you deciding to stay if you’d found the sand mages were a delusion, but that isn’t the case. They’re real, Gevin! They can save Elis! You were right. Why give up?"

Gevin shook his head, not looking back at her. “Foolish, innocent Khriss,” he said. “Haven’t you

 realized yet? The sand mages exist, true, but they are of no use to us."

“What do you mean?” Khriss demanded.

Gevin turned slightly. “Sand mastery turns sand black, Khriss,” he explained.

“Yes,” she prompted.

“There is only one way to turn mastered sand white again,” he said, continuing to walk away. “It needs the sun. Sand masters would be useless on darkside—they wouldn’t have a way to recharge their weapon."

Khriss stood, receiving her third incomprehensible shock of the day. Useless. This entire expedition was a waste. Oh, Shella ... .

Gevin tried to sneak away, but black-uniformed trackts began to surround them, looking over the scene with confusion. The Lord Beggar sighed, and began to speak with them in Lossandin.

Khriss, however, didn’t want to bother with tracts—she had something else to worry about. She turned to Baon with annoyance. “Why did you make me think you were being employed by the Dynasty?” She demanded.

“I am,” Baon said simply.

 This brought Khriss up short, and she frowned. “What?"

“It is as I said when you asked me. I was sent do dayside by Lord Scythe."

“But ...” Khriss said in confusion.

“My mission was different from Acron’s,” Baon explained, watching trackts poke at the assassin’s body. “I was sent to determine if the sand masters were a threat to the Dynasty. Now, thanks to your former betrothed, I know they are not."

“But you shot Acron!” Khriss said with surprise. “He was one of your own!"

“I was also hired to protect you,” Baon said. “I take all of my duties seriously, even if I entered them under false pretenses."

“I don’t understand,” Khriss confessed.

Baon leaned forward, his dark eyes unreadable. “I am loyal to the Dynasty, duchess. That does not mean, however, that I agree with everything Scythe does. Gevalden is of no danger to us now. As for Acron, I have little respect for a man who would so betray his own country. Besides, he would have killed you."

“You’re sure?” Khriss asked with surprise.

 Baon nodded simply. “His cover was too useful to let it be spoiled by a single girl. He would have shot Gevalden, then you would have been next."

Khriss shook her head. Things were too confusing at the moment—she needed time to think. Gevin’s barbs, spoken in anger, had hurt her more than she wanted to admit. She had always thought he was so perfect. It was like now that his face was scarred, he felt he could let out the vile emotions he had always kept hidden from her.

“I need to think,” she sighed. “Go back to darksider town and get Cynder, then meet me at the Diem."

Baon paused.

“Please?” Khriss said. “I need the time in the boat alone."

“All right,” Baon agreed.

# Nilto watched her go, looking through the crowd of trackts as Khriss made her way to a small boat. Nilto. That was how he thought of himself now. Not as Gevin, the court fool, but as Nilto, the Lord Beggar. He felt so much more like a lord now than he ever had in Elis.

 Farewell, my duchess, he thought. His words had been true, he had taken many lovers during his years in Elis. It was odd that he had never felt guilt about that fact until he had lay on the sands of dayside, the sun beating down on him, his face a mass of pain and agony. Then, he had felt guilty for so many things. He had remembered his double-dealings, his betrayals of Elis, and his cheating of his friends—all done while pretending to be so self-righteous.

Khriss stooped slightly as she walked. She deserves to know what I was, Nilto decided, turning away from Khrissalla. This way, perhaps, she can forget me.

He had never deserved her in the first place. # Kenton woke to the sound of pounding on the door. He blinked drowsily, sitting up on his sand mattress, confused. What time was it?

He yawned, stumbling to his feet. The day had gone fairly uneventfully following Ais’s attempted meeting the day before. They had returned to the Diem, where Kenton had been forced to spend the day’s remaining hours making decisions about supplies, room assignments, and settling minor disputes between other

 sand masters. He hadn’t realized how much he had been depending on Dirin to take care of such things.

He had retired exhausted, and a little frustrated— though not so much as Ais, who had left at the end of the day in an even worse mood than he was usually in. Apparently, he had been depending heavily on the chance to turn one of Shaerezan’s subordinates.

The knocking continued—there was an annoyed edge to the sound. Kenton yawned again, throwing on a white robe and tying his sash around his waist. He stumbled out of the bed chamber and into the main room, pulling open the door just as the knocking began again.

Khrissalla stood outside. She wore a simple blue dayside robe, cut for a man, like usual. Her eyes were a little puffy, but her face was unreadable. Something had happened, but she was hiding it well.

“Khriss?” he asked, shaking the last bits of sleepiness from his mind.

Khriss walked through the door, moving to stand in the center of the room, her arms folded. Kenton watched the strange behavior with a frown. What was going on?

“I found Prince Gevalden,” she finally said. “He’s alive.”

 The announcement hit Kenton like a wave of frigid riverwater. Suddenly alert, he let the door slide closed. “That’s wonderful,” he said, noting the lack of enthusiasm in his voice. I was right—she has been crying. However, they were tears of joy.

“He’s the Lord Beggar,” Khriss explained. “He took a pistol shot to the face two years ago, completely destroying his features."

“I see,” Kenton said, feeling stunned and strangely sick. She actually found him. Fool, you knew the only reason she was here was to find her betrothed. Why are you so surprised? Did you expect something else?

“Congratulations,” he said, nodding in her direction, trying to mask his pain. This is what she had wanted— what she had dreamed of. Who was he to spoil her victory? “After all you have been through, Khriss, you deserved to find him. I hope he realizes what a fortunate man he is."

The words sparked a reaction in Khriss, but not the one he expected. She pulled her folded arms in tightly, shaking slightly, as if she were very cold.

“He said he didn’t want me,” she whispered, looking down at the floor. “He said ... he said he left darkside to

 get away from me. That I sickened him, and that I always had, because I was dull and unexciting."

Kenton paused for just a moment, feeling helpless. Then she looked up, her wide, despairing eyes meeting his own, and he couldn’t hold himself back any longer. He walked forward, gathering her in his arms. She responded, resting her head against his chest, still quivering.

“My entire life has been a lie,” Khriss whispered. “I have been Gevin’s betrothed since I can remember. I ordered my life around that single idea, doing things I assumed would make him happy. He was so perfect, and I wanted to be perfect for him. He was seeing other women the entire time, flaunting them around the court. Everyone knew but me."

“Oh, Khriss ... I’m sorry,” Kenton replied, not certain what else to say. Instead, he simply held her tightly, wishing somehow that he could lend her some of his strength, wishing he could do something to take some of her pain upon himself.

She didn’t cry. She just let him hold her, her eyes staring almost blankly to the side. Eventually, her shaking slackened, and she took a deep breath.

 “I’m sorry,” she said. “I didn’t mean to pile all of this on top of you. I thought I was over it before I got here. I just want to ask you a question."

Kenton smiled. “Why am I not surprised?” he said.

She looked up, smiling as she met his eyes, though she did not pull away. Then her smile faded, however. “Is it true?” she asked. “Does sand have to recharge in the sun after you use it."

Kenton paused, then he nodded. “Yes,” he said. “It takes about three or four hours."

Khriss sighed, resting her head back against his chest. “I have a confession,” she mumbled. “There was more than curiosity behind my trying to find out how sand mastery worked."

“What do you mean?” Kenton asked.

“I wanted to take sand mastery back to Elis,” she explained. “I wanted to use it against the Dynasty to protect my people."

“But ...” Kenton said with a frown, “sand mastery won’t work on darkside."

“Well, I know that now,” Khriss said. “But I didn’t before. Someone refused to tell me anything.”

 “I’m sorry,” Kenton explained. “But I have to be secretive. Otherwise people might take sand mastery and use it as a weapon of war."

Khriss stiffed slightly.

“It’s all right,” he soothed, rubbing his hand across her back. “Your goals were noble, Khrissalla. Fortunately, or unfortunately, the laws of sand mastery have contrived to make them unattainable. You can’t have sand masters on darkside, so it doesn’t matter anyway."

Khriss nodded, looking up at him again. Her dusky, darksider eyes were wide, so deep and so open. Her body was pressed close to his own, her arms around his waist.

“My Lady!” Cynder’s voice suddenly exclaimed. “Are you all right?"

Kenton turned, seeing the lanky darkside linguist standing in the doorway, the massive Baon behind him. Khriss blushed, releasing him as she submitted to the elderly professor’s inspection. He looked her over, frowning. “What happened?” he demanded, satisfied that she wasn’t injured. “Baon said you sent him to get me, but that Divine-cursed lunk has told me almost nothing. Acron is ... .”

 “Dead,” Khriss finished.

“What?” Kenton said with surprise.

“He was an assassin,” Baon explained. “One of Scythe’s personal elite. He was sent to find and eliminate Prince Gevalden."

Kenton blinked in surprise. “Acron?” he asked. “The fat one?"

Baon nodded, completely serious.

“This is going to take some explaining,” Kenton guessed. “Let’s sit."

The four made their way over to the room’s plush chairs, seating themselves. Even Baon did so, though the warrior usually insisted on standing.

“Nice to see you’re back, by the way,” Kenton noted to the large man.

“I was never gone,” Baon replied. “Despite what others might have assumed."

Khriss blushed slightly. “You did mislead us,” she challenged.

Kenton looked between them, confused.

“Baon was sent by the Dynasty to investigate sand mastery,” Khriss explained. Kenton could tell by the look

 on her face that she wasn’t quite certain what she thought of that news.

“But I was also sent by Elis to protect her,” Baon said. “I can do both."

“You are striding atop a very thin wall, my friend,” Kenton noted. “Loyalty is a difficult thing to divide."

“I know,” Baon said simply.

The statement was met by an incredulous sound. Cynder, chuckling softly to himself.

“What?” Khriss asked.

“I was just thinking,” the linguist said ruefully. “All this time, I assumed I had the superior intellect between Acron and I. Now it seems that my self-assurance was misplaced. Gravely misplaced."

He shook his head, laughing again, but there was a haunted look in his eyes.

“What about Captain Deral?” Khriss asked, turning back to Baon. “You really did kill him?"

Baon nodded. “Deral was a fool. He was planning to sell you to a Dynastic border patrol. He would have ruined the expedition—both yours and mine."

“Sell me?” Khriss asked with amazement. “Shella! Was there anyone on this cursed expedition that didn’t

 have an ulterior motive?"

Cynder chuckled. “It appears that we were the only ones, My Lady. I’m beginning to feel left out."

Baon shrugged. “I shouldn’t have taken the pistols. I never thought you would notice."

“I wouldn’t have,” Khriss said. “If you hadn’t taught me to do so."

Baon smiled slightly. “All right then, duchess. What now? You’ve found your Prince; you know that sand mastery won’t help Elis. Do we return?"

Khriss paused, shooting a look at Kenton—a look that seemed to remember their embrace a few moments before.

A fluke? Kenton wondered. She was distraught, after all. Maybe she was just projecting her emotions on me.

“No,” she finally said. “We’ll stay a few more days. I’m very ... interested to see what will happen with the Diem."

Kenton smiled. “Me too,” he admitted. You fool, he told himself ruefully. You know how it is going to end. Even if you do save the Diem, you won’t live to see your victory. You have no right to play with the girl’s emotions. She’s just lost one love, she doesn’t need to

 start forming a bond with you, only to have it severed in four day’s time.

But, still, he could hope. For some reason, it seemed like the incentive for surviving the fight with Drile had just grown much stronger.

 Chapter Thirty-One How did he find out? Ais wondered with frustration, staring down at his reports. Nilto was slipping away from him. All over Kezare the man was pulling out of businesses, shutting down operations, and quietly silencing those who could have spoken of him. Ais only had fractured reports and unrelated comments, but to him they formed a distinct pattern—one he had seen before. Sharezan was preparing to go into hiding. Ais had gotten too close this time, and now the man was preparing to run.

Ais felt all of his work, his efforts, his years of hunting, drying away like water in the sun. If he didn’t catch Sharezan in the next few days, then he would have to start all over. The man would remain in hiding for a year or so, then return under a different persona to rule Kezare again.

The man who had wanted to speak with Ais, whoever he was, would be gone by now. He was either dead or in

 hiding. And, now that Sharezan was preparing to disappear, he would make certain that there was no one around to connect him to Nilto. It was all lost.

“He certainly is having a good time, isn’t he?” The Lord Mastrell’s voice was subdued. He stood in one of his favored spots, leaning thoughtfully against his balcony’s banister.

Seeing Kenton brightened Ais’s mood slightly. If there were a person who was in a worse mood than Ais, it was the Lord Mastrell. He only had four days left, and he still lacked several important votes. In addition, the fight with the other sand master—Drile—would probably prove to be his execution. Kenton’s position was worse than Ais’s—at least Ais’s failure would probably mean that his family was safe again.

Kenton was staring across the courtyard to where Drile made his rooms. The other sand master was throwing some sort of party. Ais could see forms moving and mingling in the room—it wasn’t a formal party, like a kelzi would have. Wine was flowing freely, even though sand masters weren’t supposed to drink. Women had been brought to the room, and Drile’s supporters were enjoying a period of loose debauchery.

 This is what sand masters are supposed to be, Ais thought to himself. Arrogant, wasteful, and sickening. Kenton is a fluke. Just because he appears to be an honest man does not mean that the Diem itself should continue. He would be better off outside of the Diem, actually. Perhaps he would give up this sand master foolishness. We could use his sense of dedication in the Hall.

“I wonder where he got the money,” Kenton mused. “He probably found the stash in his room—we didn’t search his."

“Maybe I’m on the wrong side,” Eric said, opening Kenton’s door and walking into the room. “That party looks like a lot of fun."

Kenton snorted, turning. “Did you sleep well?"

“Of course,” Eric informed, munching on some ZaiDon snaps in a small bag. “Unlike some other people, I didn’t stay up late yesterday."

Ais shook his head. Apparently, the darksider Khriss had come to visit Kenton the day before. Ais had heard the news with trepidation, hoping he hadn’t missed anything he should report to the Lady Judge. Eric,

 however, had seemed personally offended that they hadn’t woken him to take part.

“You know,” Eric said, still chewing on some snaps, “I’m not even certain I want to tell you what I discovered today."

Kenton perked up. “What?"

“It’s all over town,” Eric continued with a leisurely voice. “Of course, no one would probably tell a sand master—everyone’s too in awe of your magnificent powers. They think you—"

“Eric,” Kenton interrupted. “News?"

“You know,” Eric said with a quiet snort, “you’re a lot less fun now that you’re in charge.” He held up a hand to forestall further objections. “All right. The Lord Merchant and the Lord General are missing. People say fled the city together to avoid casting votes at the Council in four days."

“Aisha!” Kenton swore. “Gone? They can’t do that!” He shot a look at Ais.

Ais frowned, considering the Law. His own studies had focused on the day-to-day mechanics of lawbreaking, not the intricacies of the Council and Taishin. However, everyone trained in the Hall—whether they be judge,

 scribe, or trackt—was required to have at least a basic understanding legal intent.

“I think they can, Ry’Kensha,” Ais said. “The Lady Judge called for a vote of unimity. An abstained vote because of truancy wouldn’t be an against vote, but it also wouldn’t be a vote in favor. Therefore, it would flaw a unanimous vote. All of the Taisha have to be in attendance if you want to win this vote."

Kenton cursed again, beginning to pace on his sand- covered floor. “I can understand Vey,” he finally said. “He was incredibly nervous when he thought that I had discovered his secret. Running from the problem seems like something he would do. But Reegent? I thought his vote was secure."

“Maybe he changed his mind,” Eric offered. “Of course, that doesn’t sound much like father, does it?"

Kenton shook his head. “If he had changed his mind, he would have confronted me. Running away to avoid voting isn’t his way. Of course, I didn’t even know he was back from the hunt."

“He got back a few days ago,” Eric said. “He’s just been staying in the Tower recovering from his wounds. I went to see him two days ago. He still seemed in favor of

 you then—as much as he seemed displeased with me, in fact."

Kenton shook his head, continuing to pace, his bright white sandcloak billowing behind him. “I trust Reegent,” he decided. “Wherever he went, he’ll be back for the vote. Unless... . the rumors say he went with Vey, right?"

“That’s what they say,” Eric agreed. “Maybe they didn’t go together,” Kenton guessed.

“Maybe he went after Vey, to bring him back."

“Makes sense,” Eric agreed.

“But,” Kenton said, still pacing, “Where did Vey go?” “I don’t know,” Eric said with a shrug, popping the last snap into his mouth. He sucked on it instead of chewing, letting the carapace ZaiDon melt away as he spoke. “No one knows where he went. The Lord Merchant chartered a ship late yesterday, and it set sail within an hour, heading south."

“It appears that your vote has just been sabotaged,” Ais noted. It was a fortunate turn of events—he had almost begun to fear that Kenton would actually get all seven votes. However, the Sand Lord had a way of making things turn out as they should.

 Kenton looked up, determination in his eyes. “Not if I find them and drag them back,” he informed.

“But we don’t know where they are!” Eric objected. “We’ll find out."

# Khriss sat down in the small boat beside Baon and Cynder. N’Teese stood on the dock for a moment, regarding the small vessel with a frown. She shared the typical daysider hydrophobia. It was almost like the people tried to ignore the fact that they were living on an island. Khriss had often wondered how such a people had come to settle Kezare in the first place.

A couple of them probably got shipwrecked here, she decided with a smile, and were frightened to cross over to the shore, so they just stayed.

Eventually, N’Teese climbed into the boat, gripping the side with white-knuckled fingers. The boatman pushed off a second later and began to row them toward the shore.

The trip was becoming increasingly familiar to Khriss. In fact, the boatmen were coming to recognize her—she didn’t even have to tell them where she wanted to go

 anymore. They just immediately began rowing her in the direction of the Diem.

As they moved, Khriss remembered with embarrassment her meeting with Kenton the night before. Such had hardly been appropriate behavior for a noblewoman, let alone a duchess. Not only had she visited the home of a single man, but she had done it during normal sleeping hours, and she had gone alone. Then she had thrown herself at him shamelessly, getting improperly close. What he must think of her ... .

Of course, she had been distraught. Despite the strong front she had shown to Gevin, his words had devastated her. Even now, she could feel the open wounds in her heart. Nothing—not even Baon’s betrayal—had hit her as hard as Gevin’s loathing confessions. She felt worthless. She hated Gevin, but she hated herself even more. Why hadn’t she seen it? Why had she assumed that someone as perfect as Gevin would ever be satisfied with someone like her?

Kenton wouldn’t want her either—or, at least, he shouldn’t. He had been nice the day before, but she hadn’t given him much choice, launching herself into his arms like an infatuated child. What had she been

 thinking? After Gevin’s retreat, her first impulse had been to go find Kenton. Baon had suggested they return to darksider town, but she had ignored him, insisting that she got to the Diem instead. She had barely had the presence of mind to send him after Cynder.

And here she was again, travelling across the lake toward the Diem. Off to bother Kenton again. When would she learn? He was learning to be more political— he no longer gave her sour looks whenever she appeared, but she knew she still annoyed him. After all, she had annoyed Gevin. All of her endless questions and dissatisfaction—why couldn’t she remain silent? Unheard, as a proper lady was supposed to be?

She just about told N’Teese to order the boatman to turn back. At that moment she noticed something— another boat on the lake. It was only one of many, but it was heading in the opposite direction of Khriss’s. There were several forms on board—one in white, another in black, and one in bright darkside colors.

Khriss yelped, ducking down.

Baon raised an eyebrow. “What are you doing?” “He’ll see me,” she said lamely.

 “Yes, I thought that was the point. We are going to see him, aren’t we?"

“I changed my mind,” Khriss said, embarrassed. “He doesn’t want me around."

Baon frowned. “Well, too late,” he noted. “What do you—” Khriss began.

A moment later the boat rocked violently as an occupant landed directly in its center, falling from the sky on a line of shimmering sand. N’Teese squealed in fear at the rocking, and the boatman began to mumble in dissatisfied Lossandin.

Kenton looked down at her, a confused look on his face. “Khriss?” he asked.

“Yes?” she replied, feeling silly.

“What ...” he said, then just shook his head. “Never mind. We have a problem."

“What?” Khriss asked, sitting back up with as much decency as she could manage.

“Two of the Taisha have disappeared,” he explained. “Apparently, my threats frightened Vey to the point that he ran away. And, for some reason, he convinced the Lord General to go with him. We’ve got to find out where they went.”

 “How do we do that?"

“I think I know someone who can tell us."

# It didn’t look like a farmer’s home. Located on the kelzin island, the Lord Farmer’s house was lavish and tasteful. True, it did bear the symbol of the Field on its gates—a stalk of grain—but the grounds were covered with imported sand and blooming sandflowers.

“This is where the Lord Farmer lives?” Khriss asked with a frown.

“He’s not a farmer himself,” Kenton explained. “He’s a kelzi, very similar to the Lord Merchant. The Field is starkly divided between those who own the land and those who simply work it."

“A common system,” Cynder noted. “Those who work the land rarely own what they produce."

“Oh, they own it,” Kenton corrected. “They have to give a percentage to the kelzin, but they are the ones who actually own the crops. Quite a few industrious farmers have been able to rise to kelzi status through their work. In fact, it’s supposed to be the best Profession if one wants to try to become a kelzi.”

 Khriss frowns. “But, who determines who is a kelzi and who isn’t."

“It all depends on who the other kelzin acknowledge,” Kenton said with a shrug.

“That seems ambiguous,” Khriss objected.

Cynder chuckled beside her. “Not if you think about it, My Lady. After all, isn’t that really how our system works? What would a title be without the rest of court to acknowledge it? It’s all a matter of connotation."

“All right,” Khriss asked. “So why are we here?"

Kenton pushed open the gate. Like the Lord Admiral, the Lord Farmer held meetings at his home, rather than an office. Most of his Profession members lived a great distance away, and so he wasn’t as busy as people like the Lord Merchant or Lady Judge.

“Gennel is Vey’s underling,” Kenton explained. “Even though they’re both Taishin, they’re also both Kershtian, and Gennel is younger. He tries desperately to earn Vey’s favor, and the two meet together often. If anyone in town knows where the Lord Merchant is hiding, it will be the Lord Farmer."

Kenton led the group up to the house, taking a slight detour to avoid a large bulbous sandling that was

 standing on the walkway grazing. The front door was open—in fact, there wasn’t a front door. The entire house was built with an open-aired sort of feel, almost more like a stone pavilion than a building. There were wide columns and built-up chambers, but all of the rooms had broad openings in the walls. It was rather unique, though Kenton wondered if the man ever felt like he lacked privacy. Of course, here on the kelzi island, his nearest neighbor was far enough away that they probably wouldn’t be able to see details anyway.

An attendant beside the building’s front columns looked up as Kenton approached. As soon as he saw who was coming he started, jaw dropping slightly. Then he jumped to his feet, dashing into the building, disappearing before Kenton even got to his bench.

“We can’t take you with us anywhere, can we?” Eric noted. “Maybe we should put a bag over your head so you stop frightening everyone away."

Kenton snorted. “It’s the sash, not my face,” he said, folding his arms as he waited. Should they go in after the man? His internal question was answered as the attendant reappeared a few moments later.

 “Um, the Lord Farmer isn’t here right now,” the attendant explained weakly.

Kenton sighed. “I don’t have time for this,” he mumbled, reaching to his sand pouch. A moment later three ribbons of sand flashed to life, streaking across the room to grab the attendant. The man whimpered slightly as Kenton lifted him into the air and floated him over until he was hanging right in front of Kenton.

“Where is he?” Kenton asked simply.

The man pointed a quivering finger at a side room. “Thank you,” Kenton said, lowering the man to the ground a few feet away.

“Good job,” Eric approved in Dynastic. “That is definitely going to encourage people not to be scared of you."

Kenton ignored him, walking forward and striding through the chamber’s open front. Inside he found a room decorated after Kershtian fashion, with sand-filled cushions and rugs woven from ShalRim fibers. There were sheets hanging from the open windows, flapping like the sides of a tent. The Lord Farmer sat nervously on a cushion at the back of the room.

 Gennel was tall for a Kershtian, almost as tall as Kenton himself. However, he was thin to the point of gangliness, a fact that his robes tried unsuccessfully to hide. He regarded Kenton with a tense face.

“My Lord Mastrell!” he exclaimed. “Why, what a surprise!"

“Hello, Lord Farmer,” Kenton said with a nod of his head.

“What can I do for you?” he asked.

“Where did Vey go?” Kenton asked simply.

“I don’t know. He didn’t—” Gennel yelped as Kenton’s sand moved forward threateningly. He began to speak very quickly, his Kershtian accent making the words almost indistinguishable. “He made me promise not to tell. Please don’t make me tell. I don’t want to be part of this. Oh Sand Lord, protect me. Vey will be very angry if I tell. Can’t you ask someone else? Oh, please don’t kill me!"

Kenton blinked in surprise, looking down at his ribbons. Gennel whimpered, cowering on the floor, pulling a cushion over his head.

This isn’t right, Kenton thought, lowering his hand, feeling sick. He regarded his sand, hovering in the air

 before him. To him it was beautiful. He couldn’t imagine the fear that others felt. They should see it as he did, see it for its use and its wonderful versatility, not regard it as mysterious and frightening.

I can’t use sand mastery like this. This is exactly the sort of thing that got us into trouble in the first place.

He let his sand die. “I won’t force you,” he said simply.

Gennel looked up with surprised eyes. “What?” he asked. “You won’t?"

Kenton shook his head. “I will ask, however. For the good of Lossand, Lord Farmer, please tell me where Vey is. I just want to talk to him."

Gennel shot a look at the blackened sand scattered across his rug. “Um, I can’t tell you,” he said weakly, then immediately began cringing again.

“Fine,” Kenton said with a sigh. He would find another way.

# Khriss watched the exchange with dissatisfaction, listening to N’Teese’s translation. He’s not going to do it, she realized. In a way, it was noble—he wanted to do what was right. However, he obviously didn’t understand politics. It was vital that he find out where the Lord

 Merchant had gone. He couldn’t afford to be merciful right now—he needed every advantage he could get.

N’Teese sighed as they turned to leave. “Why did we even come?” she complained. “He knew that Gennel wouldn’t tell him unless he forced him to talk."

“Hush,” Khriss ordered. Even if the girl was repeating Khriss’s own thoughts, it wasn’t proper to say such things.

He needs my help, she decided. “Kenton, where are you going now?"

“Back to the Diem, I suppose,” he said with a sigh. “I need to think."

“Then, I have some things I need to take care of,” she said. “I’ll come by later."

“All right,” he said distractedly. Khriss nodded to Baon and Cynder moving off to the side.

“N’Teese, we need to find the Lord Beggar again."

The girl raised her eyes in exasperation, but she did lead then toward the poor section of the city.

# Khriss didn’t know what to think, looking on Gevin again. He squatted beside a group of beggars, his twisted face pointed away from her. This was the man

 she had loved—or thought she loved—for most of her life. This was the man that had rejected her so completely just a day before.

At first sight of him, a sickness rose within her. Never had anyone rejected her so soundly. The man she had called her betrothed for most of her life had been cheating on her all the while. Cheating on her because he found her annoying.

Khriss took a deep breath, stilling her churning stomach. She had to see him once more. Kenton needed her help.

Well, at least he finally told me the truth, she admitted as she approached. For that much, I can be grateful. I could have gone on thinking that he had always loved me, never knowing the truth of my own repulsiveness. A small part of her, however, wondered if that wouldn’t have been the better way.

“Gevin?” she said.

Gevin jumped, turning with a scowl on his face. “Don’t call me that,” he spat in Dynastic. “Do you want the entire Dynasty to come searching me out?"

Khriss smiled slightly, getting an idea. “Why should I care?” she asked. “You should prepare yourself, Gevin.

 As soon as I return to Elis, my first objective is to tell your parents precisely where you are and what you are doing."

Gevin hissed. “You are fool, woman. You really do want me dead, don’t you?"

“Why should I care what happens to you?” Khriss snapped.

“You should care what happens to yourself, dear duchess,” Gevin whispered. “There is one sure way to make certain you remain quiet."

Khriss paused. “You wouldn’t dare,” she guessed. Gevin just raised an eyebrow.

“Go ahead, Gevin,” she continued, a little less certain of herself. “Threaten me. You haven’t given me any other incentive to stay quiet."

Gevin paused, then turned back to shoo away his beggar comrades. “What are you implying?” he asked as he scuffled toward Khriss.

“I have a question I want answered,” Khriss said, her confidence returning. “Bring me the information I want, and I’ll promise you my silence."

Gevin ground his teeth for a moment. “What’s the question?” he asked.

 “I need to know where the Lord Merchant is hiding."

Gevin snorted. “I don’t know that,” he said. “I’ve been trying all day to figure it out."

“The Lord Farmer knows,” Khriss said.

“And how am I supposed to get him to tell me?” Gevin asked with a frown.

“I don’t care,” Khriss said coldly. “That is your problem —I just want the information. You have one dayside hour to find it for me."

“One hour!” Gevin snapped. “That’s impossible."

“Then you’d better get moving,” Khriss suggested. “I don’t have much time, Gevin. A friend of mine is under a very strict deadline."

Gevin continued to frown, ignoring the spittle on the side of his lip. Khriss stood with concern. Had she pushed too hard? Would he actually decide that killing her was easier? This was Gevin—he couldn’t be that heartless, could he?

Finally, Gevin snorted and shook his head. “I’ll do it, Khrissalla, if only to get you out of my face for good. It’s funny. You’re so much more involved with politics now that you’ve left your homeland behind.”

 “I guess I just don’t have anyone holding me back any more,” Khriss shot back. “Now get moving."

# For a man with so much to do, I certainly do spend a lot of time in my room, Kenton thought with disdain, continuing to pace.

He was in trouble, and he knew it. He couldn’t think of anyone else who would know where the Lord Merchant was going. He’d hoped the man would be foolish enough to leave record of his trip, but Kenton had stopped by to see the Kezare Dockmaster before returning to the Diem. The man had explained that Vey had chartered an entire ship rather than simply buying passage aboard one with a set destination. He hadn’t told anyone where he intended to go, he had simply set off south.

Vey could be anywhere. South of Kezare, Lossand was nearly one solid city running along the river. There were dozens of towns of moderate size, all depending on the river for sustenance. Kenton could search for weeks and never find the missing Taishin. All Vey had to do was hide four for short days, and Kenton’s cause would be lost.

 Kenton continued to pace, kicking up sand in frustration. The party across the courtyard had slowed, and several of Drile’s guests were stumbling down the staircase. Several more had collapsed near the balcony, unconscious on the floor.

Well, at least one good thing will come from this. That man won’t be Lord Mastrell. However, Kenton knew the thought was a fallacy—true, Drile wouldn’t be Lord Mastrell. He would be something worse: a mercenary lord who used sand mastery to subjugate the people of dayside.

“Sands!” Kenton hissed out loud, continuing his pacing with a vengeful step. He could have handled loosing to contrary votes, but to loose because of abstained votes? He was impotent—he couldn’t do a single thing to forestall his doom.

The door slammed open suddenly. “I’ve got it!” Khriss announced to the surprised room. “He’s hiding in Lraezare, wherever that is."

“What?” Kenton blinked, staring at her eager face with surprise. “I mean, how?"

Khriss smiled cryptically. “I have my sources,” she explained. “I am, after all, a master politician.”

 “Lraezare,” Kenton said. Vey had run as far as he possibly could and still be in Lossand.

“A three day round trip,” Eric mused. “I suppose we could make it. It’d be close, though."

“Let’s get moving, then!” Kenton said enthusiastically, rushing from the room.

# The Kezare Dockmaster was a strong Kershtian man of thick build with an expression that said ‘whatever you want, it isn’t worth my time.’ He was a busy man, always running across the docks, yelling orders and organizing his unloaders. However, he was easy to find, because his bellowing voice carried even over the riotous sounds of the crowd. He wore simple robes with the Helm’s symbol, a steering wheel, on its breast.

Kenton approached the man for the second time in one day. This time, however, he was more confident—he wasn’t looking for information, only a ride. The dockman saw him coming and growled in annoyance. He screamed one last order at a line of men who were carrying carapace boxes up onto a broad-bottomed ship.

“You again?” the man said with dissatisfaction. “I told you, I don’t know where he is.”

 “That’s all right,” Kenton said with a smile. “Fortunately, I do. I need passage on a ship to Lraezare."

“Sorry,” the Dockmaster said immediately. “There aren’t any places available."

“What?” Kenton snorted. “Dozens of ships leave this dock every day. You’re telling me none of them are travelling to Lraezare? It’s one of the largest ports south of Kezare!"

“No,” the man snapped. “I didn’t say there weren’t any ships going to Lraezare. I said there aren’t any that have room for you."

“But, don’t you need to check your ledgers to know that?” Kenton challenged.

“No,” the man said again. “I already did. Earlier, when Vey spoke with me."

Kenton paused. The Dockmaster had called a Lord Taisha by his given name, with no title affixed. Surely no one would dare such an affront, especially not a Kershtian. Unless ...

“You wouldn’t be related to the Lord Merchant, would you?” Kenton asked.

The Dockmaster smiled. “He’s my uncle,” he said with an evil glint in his eye.

 Kenton cursed to himself. “Fine,” he said. “I’ll contact the separate captains and see if any of them can make room for me."

“You can’t do that,” the Dockmaster warned. “It’s against the Law—all passengers must be taxed as proper. You have to go through me if you want to ride on anything bigger than a ferry to the shore."

“All right,” Kenton shot back, “then I’ll charter a ship."

“You’re welcome to do so,” the man said with a shrug, snapping an order at a slacking dockworker. “Assuming you can afford one, of course. As I recall, mastrells can’t commandeer ships."

Kenton froze, then cursed again. The Diem barely had a few hundred lak left in its stores—he had spend most of their remaining coin buying food. There was some sort of carapace shortage to the east—apparently, a disease had struck the sandling herds. ZaiDon prices had been going up steadily over the last few weeks.

The Dockmaster smiled again, then turned away from Kenton, rushing over to yell at a group of dockmen who had accidentally dropped a large box, cracking it and spilling grain onto the ground.

 “Vey covers his tracks well,” Eric noted. “He probably didn’t trust the Lord Farmer to keep quiet. I suppose we could swim there."

Kenton ignored him, thinking quickly. They could commandeer some rezalin—the sandlings moved as quickly as a boat. Unfortunately, a lot of their speed was hampered in Lossand, where they didn’t have dunes to jump on. In addition, their feet were curved for pushing against sand—running across rock could cause them permanent damage.

He could use a smaller boat, a ferry or the like. However, without sails and oars, he doubted they would make the trip in time—especially when they had to come back up stream.

“Why, hello, Lord Mastrell,” a slurred voice said. “What an odd place to find you."

Kenton turned with surprise to find Delious in a bright pink robe moving through the crowd behind him. The same young man that always followed Delious—his wine steward—stood beside him like usual, holding a jug of wine. Behind the steward were packmen holding large trunks.

 “Lord Admiral ...” Kenton said, smiling as he got an idea. “What brings you here?"

“Why, I’m going on a trip,” Delious announced. “To the south. I feel a sudden urge to visit the Shipowner’s Circle. They’re headquartered in Lraezare you know."

Delious smiled, catching Kenton’s eye. “Would you like to join me?” he asked. “It seems like it will be a delightful trip."

Kenton looked at Delious, cocking his head slightly to the side. There was no way this was a coincidence. But, how had he known ... ? Suddenly, he knew that he had seriously underestimated Lord Delious.

“Yes, it does sound delightful,” Kenton said. “I would love to join you."

“Wonderful!” Delious exclaimed. He turned lazily, catching the Dockmaster’s eye. “Oh, NaiMeer!” he said. “Come over here, please!"

The Dockmaster gritted his teeth, but he did obey. “Yes, Lord Admiral,” he said with a poorly disguised sneer.

“I shall need a ship for a few days,” Delious said, looking over those in dock. “Say, that one.” He pointed at a ship that had just finished its unloading procedures.

 “Warn the captain that we shall be leaving for Lraezare within the hour. The Circle will compensate him for any losses, of course."

“But—” the Dockmaster began.

“I know, I know,” Delious said. “It isn’t grand enough for me by far, but I’m in a hurry. Please warn the captain so he doesn’t let his crew get scattered through the city."

The Dockmaster shot a hating look at Kenton, then bowed slightly. “Yes, My Lord,” he said.

“Delightful man,” Delious said, patting him on the head. “Steward, pour him a drink. He looks like he’s been working far too hard.”

 Chapter Thirty-Two

"Lord Mastrell?"

Kenton looked up to find Elorin regarding him with a confused look. The old sand master looked wearied for some reason, his white robes hanging limply on his body, his eyes reddened from lack of sleep.

Of course, Kenton thought with a smile, I probably look just as bad. This has been a hard week for all of us.

“I have to go, Elorin,” he explained.

“Go?” Elorin asked with surprise. “But, you can’t. The Diem needs you, My Lord."

“It needs me to go to the south,” Kenton said, throwing a few of his newly tailored outfits into a carapace trunk. “The Lords Merchant and General have fled to Lraezare. If I don’t get there and persuade them to come up for the next Council, then we’ll lose their votes by default."

Kenton closed the trunk, then stood, turning to place his hand on Elorin’s shoulder. The old sand master had returned to help, but during the last week and a half he

 had shown little of the efficiency that had made him such an excellent Lord Mastrell’s assistant. The specter of his lost abilities haunted the old man. He barely did anything anymore, floating through the Diem’s halls like windblown sand. He occasionally visited Kenton, but his personality was even more subdued than it had been before. The poor man wasn’t dealing well with his losses.

“I have a request for you, old friend,” Kenton said.

Elorin looked up, his tired eyes meeting Kenton’s. “Yes, Lord Mastrell?"

“Watch the Diem for me while I’m gone. You’re the only one here I trust with such a duty, now that Dirin is gone."

“I shall ... try, My Lord,” the man said quietly.

Kenton patted him on the shoulder, then reached out and threw a ribbon of sand at his trunk. The container floated into the air, following Kenton out of the room as he headed toward the docks.

Elorin watched him go, his eyes looking even more burdened than before.

#

 When Kenton arrived back at the ship, a disheveled Khriss was supervising the dockmen who were carrying three enormous trunks onto the boat. She had reacted to the trip with anxiety, claiming she would never have enough time to get ready. Such had obviously been an exaggeration—after all, she had beat Kenton back to the ship.

“Those can’t all be yours,” Kenton chided. “You only had a tonk’s worth two weeks ago."

Khriss blushed. “I’ve made some purchases since then,” she defended. “A lady has to be properly outfitted."

“Well, I suppose you’re making the local merchants happy,” Kenton said with a shrug, whipping his own sand- born trunk toward the deck. “Come on."

He offered her his arm, then the two of them followed the dockmen up the plank and onto deck. There they found Delious lounging in a deck chair waiting for them, his steward standing attentively behind him. The elderly Cynder, wearing one of his customary darkside suits, relaxed in a chair beside the Lord Admiral, a cup of wine in his hands.

“Are we finally ready?” Delious asked.

 “I suppose. Is everyone here?"

“The bodyguard and the Lord General’s boy are talking back there,” Delious said, nodding toward the ship’s aft. “In the back part of the ship—I can never remember what it’s called. That impossibly bad tempered trackt is down below, stowing his things. The good professor here has been teaching me to speak darksider. Listen,” Delious proffered his cup, speaking in a loud voice, “have some swine!” he said enthusiastically in Dynastic.

Cynder shrugged, chuckling. “Close enough, I suppose."

Kenton, however, was regarding the glint in the drunken Taisha’s eyes. Delious was smiling slightly as he raised his cup to his lips—he knew exactly what he had said. At that moment Delious shot him a look that was so startlingly lucid that Kenton almost jumped in surprise.

Sands ... he’s drunk, but he’s not. I was wrong about this man. At the Lord Admiral’s party, Kenton had assumed the slight edge of wit he had sensed in the man was only a broken remnant from what he had once been. Now Kenton was beginning to rescind that supposition.

Is the drunkenness an act? But, no, his cheeks are red, his voice slurred, and he’s definitely drinking that wine.

 It’s no act.

Delious ordered for the departure procedures to go forth, and Kenton moved over, taking a seat in one of the chairs that were attached to the deck. Delious gestured a foppish arm, offering Kenton a drink, but Kenton shook his head. He couldn’t make sense of this man.

Regardless, he had something he had been planning to try. Now that he was on the ship, he was probably relatively safe from assassins. He finally had a chance to do something he had considering for some time. If he didn’t do it now, he would lose the opportunity.

He reached into his sand pouch, pulling out a handful of sand.

“What are you doing?” Khriss asked.

Kenton regarded the sand for a moment, its bright whiteness glowing in the sunlight. It hid a power that had to be unlocked. Was Kenton the same way? Did he have further power inside him, power that he could harness somehow?

“I’m going to overmaster,” he finally decided. “What?” Khriss asked with concern. “What’s that?” “It means I’m going to intentionally hold sand longer than I should, draining the water from my body.”

 “Draining the ...” Khriss said with a frown. She didn’t push the issue, however. Instead she simply said, “won’t that be dangerous?"

“Probably,” Kenton admitted. “But it’s the only thing I can think of,” he explained. “When you first found me nearly dead in the kerla, I was sick primarily because I had overmastered. But, before that happened, I could only control one ribbon. After I recovered, I could master three."

“But, what if that’s just a parallel syllogism?” Khriss demanded.

Kenton raised his eyebrows, chuckling slightly. “A what? I thought we were speaking Dynastic."

Khriss blushed. “What if the overmastery and your gaining powers happened at the same time, but are completely unrelated?"

“I have to take that chance,” Kenton decided. “Khriss, I can’t defeat Drile with only three ribbons. He can control twenty-five—he’ll kill me in a matter of seconds. If I don’t find some way to boost my ability, then my bones will be drying in the sun before this week is over.” He looked up, meeting her eyes. “I keep finding more reasons to survive.”

 Khriss looked at him with worried eyes. “But, last time ... .” Khriss said, obviously remembering the state he had been in when she found him. “It could be deadly,” she assumed.

“The mastrells always taught that it was,” Kenton agreed. “According to them, even if you did survive, you were supposed to lose your powers.” Suddenly, he remembered chilling image of Elorin, the old undermastrell’s eyes pained, bearing an incredible torment that Kenton vaguely remembered. Apparently, some of what the mastrells had said was true. It was possible to lose one’s powers through overmastery. Kenton had almost lost his powers once—could he voluntarily do the same thing to himself again?

Then, however, another image appeared in his mind. Drile, rising into the air, two dozen ribbons of sand whipping around him like writhing souls of the damned. Three ribbons couldn’t possibly stand against such power. He had to do something.

He held out his fist, and called the sand to life. It flashed with inner power, the individual grains of sand dancing into the air, as if joyous to finally release their

 stored energy. Two other ribbons followed, and he loaded all three with as much sand as he could manage.

Khriss, Delious, and Cynder watched him with transfixed eyes. Mastered sand was a captivating sight, its colors shifting and swirling, sometimes forming patterns, sometimes sparkling like a thousand different individual shows. Even with three ribbons it took a while before Kenton began to feel the effects. A mastrell mastering at full power could go as long as ten minutes without overmastering, and Kenton could only control three. Before, with one, he had been able to last over a half hour—assuming he wasn’t doing anything else strenuous to drain his water.

This time it took about twenty minutes. First his skin began to dry. Without sweat to cool his body, he began to overheat. It was as if the sun itself had crawled in his chest, burning away at his blood. His eyes and mouth were next, his eyes beginning to burn, his mouth growing dry, his tongue feeling like a lifeless lump.

He began to shake, his body craving water. Yet, he forced himself on, mastering beyond what he had ever dared. The desire to let go became unbearable, and he felt himself compulsively reaching for his qido. Once, his

 claw like fingers almost got the lid off, but he managed to force himself to put it back down.

He could barely see now. He had to struggle too direct his water usage, keeping the sand mastery from draining his eyes or his brain. The pain was incredible.

They needn’t have warned us about this, he thought, feeling himself begin to slump in his chair. Who would sanely attempt something so painful? All of the mastrells’ reinforcement, all of their care to make certain we don’t overmaster, it must have been to hide the truth of overmastery. It must have been ...

# Khriss cried out as she saw Kenton slump out of his chair and fall to the deck. Ignoring decorum, she rushed to his side, grabbing him and yelling for him to stop. His eyes were closed, he was barely breathing, and his lips were parched as if he had spent days laying in the sun. Yet, his sand continued to hover over his head. She held his limp body close. A second later, his sand dropped to the deck.

At that moment, holding him against her chest, Khriss felt Kenton’s heart stop.

 Khriss grew cold. “His heart isn’t beating!” she cried frantically. She turned around, seeing the confusion in Delious’s eyes, the helplessness in Cynder’s.

Khriss sat, confused. What was going on? What could they do. “Wake up!” she yelled at Kenton. “Don’t die! You can’t die. Not now. Not after... .” She felt hysteria rising, barely felt herself shaking Kenton’s body, demanding that he rise.

“My Lady!” Cynder said, leaping to his feet. “What is wrong with you?"

She ignored him, continuing shake Kenton. She slapped his face, pounded on his chest, and felt the tears on her cheeks. Voices were calling all around her.

Suddenly, a weak hand grabbed her own. “I’m sorry for frightening you,” Kenton mumbled. “But would you kindly stop hitting me?"

Khriss blinked, whipping her eyes in surprise. Kenton was coughing quietly, his eyes open slightly. He groaned.

Khriss reached down, grabbing his water bottle and lifting it to his lips. He drank gratefully.

“Kenton, that was the most idiotic thing I have ever seen anyone do,” she informed.

 He coughed again, rubbing his chest where she had been pounding. “I believe you,” he mumbled, trying to sit up—a difficult endeavor with Khriss in his lap. He shook his head, pouring some of the water into his hand and splashing it into his face. “Well, it looks like this time I won’t have to spend a week unconscious. That’s something at least."

Yes, but you nearly didn’t wake up at all, Khriss thought, staring at his weakened face. Shella, Divine, thank you.

Kenton reached into one of his pouches, pulling out some sand. He stared at it for a moment, then finally shook his head. “Nothing,” he announced. “But, I suppose that was the point. Let’s just hope I get it back before the fight with Drile."

Khriss looked up, hearing a pair of voices coming their direction. A moment later, Eric and Baon approached. “Yes,” Eric was saying, “but I still think conventional formation tactics are outdated with the advent of muskets. It’s like your armies haven’t realized what they have—they tend to employ their rifleman like archers. The thing is, they aren’t the same at all. A rifle isn’t just a more damaging bow that doesn’t shoot as fast, it’s an

 entirely new concept. Now, everyone in the entire army can be a ranged warrior. Do you understand—” Eric trailed off, seeing Khriss and Kenton. He raised an eyebrow.

“You know, there’s a cabin below decks if you two want to be alone,” he noted.

Khriss blushed, realizing that she was still sitting in Kenton’s lap. She hurried to her feet, straightening her robe. Kenton coughed again, climbing into his chair with more difficulty.

Baon looked at Kenton with keen eyes. “An attack?” he guessed uncertainly.

Kenton shook his head. “It’s complicated,” he said, resting back with a sigh.

# He felt naked. Without his sand to protect him, he was like a child away from his parent ... a child wandering across deep sand. As long as he had sand mastery, he felt he could defeat anyone. Now, however, he realized just how powerless a person could feel.

How does the rest of the world do it? He wondered. How do they survive without sand? It was like having both of his arms severed. He kept reaching for his sand

 to do things—to grab something for him, or to lift him to the foredeck.

With a sigh, he relaxed in the chair, forcing himself to deal with the situation. He had caused it, after all. The riverside cities of Lossand scrolled past on either side. There was barely a break in the line of towns—here, without the water vines to give water, only the Ali could provide sustenance.

They had been sailing for several hours now. Khriss was down below, arranging her things—though Kenton didn’t know why it mattered; they would be arriving within a day, then turning around and coming right back. However, he hadn’t said anything.

Something had happened while he had been unconscious. He didn’t know what it was, but he had an illusive memory of something—something he couldn’t describe. A power, or a force. Something that had overcome his entire body. Then he had woken up, the image of Khriss’s face, haloed by the sun, hovering in front of his face. He’d never seen anything so extraordinary.

Of course, then she’d ruined it by hitting him on the chest. He still didn’t understand that part—she said

 she’d been frightened, that his heart had stopped. The words, however, sounded foolish to Kenton. If his heart stopped, then he was dead. That was, at least in Kenton’s mind, an irreversible event.

“You look too thoughtful, Lord Mastrell,” Delious noted. He was the only one still sitting on the deck with Kenton. “Have a drink."

Kenton smiled. “No thank you, My Lord."

Delious shrugged. “It must be difficult,” the foppish man noted.

“What is that, Lord Delious? Living without wine?"

Delious shook his head. “No, I was referring to your responsibilities. You are in charge of an entire profession. Is that not difficult?"

Kenton nodded silently. “Indeed it is, Lord Admiral."

Delious raised his crystalline cup, staring at its blood- red confines. The sun shone through the wine, spraying red droplets of light across the deck. “Responsibility,” Delious mumbled. “Fortunately, that is not something I have to deal with."

Kenton nodded. “I ... realize that, Lord Admiral. I have done a little studying about your profession."

“And found it ridiculous?” Delious assumed.

 Kenton nodded. “Somewhat, yes. Honestly, I have trouble understanding the Helm’s Charter. What is the point behind taking away a Taisha’s possessions?"

Delious shrugged, still staring at his wine. “It is a political tool, Lord Mastrell, and nothing else. In the eyes of the Law, everything the Helm owns belongs to me, which is why I can commandeer any ship I want. However, in reality, the Taisha is the means by which the Shipowner’s Circle keeps power over its members. Everyone knows that if they go against the will of the Circle, they could very well end up losing everything. A clever idea, really. Theft by bestowal of a grand honor."

“And what did you do, if I may ask,” Kenton ventured. “What did you do to deserve such a ... grand honor?"

“I was too successful,” Delious said, draining the wine in his cup with a single gulp. “However, in the eyes of one’s peers, success is one of the worst of sins. I wasn’t always a member of the Helm, you know,” he said.

“You weren’t?” Kenton asked.

Delious shook his head. “Many years ago, almost two decades ago, I was a member of the Guild. That was before you were born, I believe?”

 Kenton blushed, suddenly reminded of his age. “Probably,” he admitted.

“I was very successful, you know,” Delious said, holding out his cup to be filled again. His eyes were slightly unfocused, as if he were seeing something Kenton could not. Memories from a past long dead. “I was rich enough to challenge the Lord Merchant himself. All I needed was one last deal—twenty-thousand more lak— and I would have taken the position. I probably could have earned it, had I waited. But, with the impatience of relative youth, I set out to become the youngest man to ever hold that Taisha. I found my opportunity. A friend suggested we finance a new mine found in some hills to the southeast. There were claims that there was lakstone there. I put up nearly my entire fortune on the endeavor ..."

“And you lost it?” Kenton asked quietly.

Delious shook his head. “It was taken from me. I spent my fortune outfitting the mines, digging for the stone to make coins. Five years passed, slowly draining my funds. In the end, I fell broke, and was forced to sell the mines. One week later, my friend—the one who had told me about the mine—suddenly found lakstone.

 Coincidentally, he had been the one who purchased my half of the mines from me. So, he became Lord Merchant instead of myself."

“Vey?” Kenton asked with surprise.

Delious nodded slowly. “I quit the Guild in disgust. From there I went to the Helm and tried to rebuild my career. I proved a competent shipping captain, and within a decade built up a fleet of mercantile ships to rival any on dayside. Unfortunately, in doing so I had paid little attention to the Circle. I wanted no part of them—it had been my partnership in the mines that betrayed me. I wanted nothing to do with others—I wanted to do it on my own. And I did."

“Then they took it all away,” Kenton said.

Delious nodded again, downing another entire cup of wine. “This world has given me little to believe in, Lord Mastrell. Those I thought were my friends betrayed me. The Profession I assumed would protect me instead ripped away my life and gave me this foolish mockery in exchange. Justice, honor, the Law ... all are equally worthless ideals. Life has stripped down and shown me the bones of her soul, and they are not pretty.”

 “I’m ... sorry,” was all Kenton could say. “No wonder you ..."

“Became a sot?” Delious asked. He shrugged drunkenly. “There is little left for me. I wonder—do you know how much a bottle of wine costs?"

Kenton shook his head. “I’ve never even thought about it before,” he admitted.

“Grapes are said to have come from darkside originally,” Delious explained. “They don’t grow well in dayside’s heat—they have to be watered a ridiculous amount and kept in the shade. When they do grow, the grapes themselves are small and rather withered. Add upon that the difficulty of bottling and fermenting ... much of what I drink costs upwards of a thousand lak per bottle."

Kenton gaped in surprise. A thousand lak a bottle? And, with the amount Delious drank ...

Delious smiled. “The Charter only gives me three things: a ship when I need it, a house to live in, and whatever I want to eat and drink. They took everything from me, Kenton. Well, I’m going to make them regret that decision. I had hundreds of thousands of lak worth of ships—I intend to make them pay for every last coin.”

 The drunkenness, Kenton thought with surprise. It isn’t to wipe away sorrows. It’s for revenge.

# It was another few hours before Kenton had the strength to move from the deck chair, and then he only stumbled down to his cabin. However, even that little bit of improvement was encouraging. Before, when Khriss had rescued him, he had spend a week delirious after his overmastery. Of course, that time he had been left in the middle of the kerla without even enough water to summon a vine.

Still, he felt stronger this time—perhaps he would get his power back in time to fight Drile. He didn’t want to think of what would happen if he didn’t get it back— somehow he doubted Drile would let him back out, even if he had lost his powers. As long as he lived, he was a threat to Drile’s leadership of the sand masters.

He stumbled into the cabin, finding Ais reading from a dark-paged book—a Ker’reen text, if Kenton read the symbols on the front correctly. The two of them would be sharing a cabin, as per Ais’s request. Perhaps the trackt thought Kenton would sneak away in the middle of the night.

 Ais closed the book. “You’ve lost your powers,” he said simply.

“For a while, at least,” Kenton replied, laying down on his bunk with a sigh.

“That was a foolish move,” Ais said simply, turning back to his book.

Kenton smiled. “I would have thought that you would find it encouraging. For a little while, at least, I’m no longer your Ry’Kensha. I’m just a normal man."

Ais paused. “It doesn’t matter. Your loss of power isn’t a revocation—it was done in the name of gaining even more strength."

“Very true,” Kenton admitted. “Say, Ais, I’ve been thinking about something."

“What?” Ais said, not looking up from his book.

“Well, you said that leader of the assassins—the one the A’Kar had appointed to kill me—had misinterpreted the Kershtian Writ, right?"

“He must have,” Ais said. “It wouldn’t be a difficult mistake to make—the words say ‘assassins may attack on every odd day’ but a cursory read might lead one to think they meant ‘assassins have to wait at least one day.’ The misread would be possible.”

 “But, not likely for someone who has been studying the Writ all his life,” Kenton assumed.

“Correct,” Ais replied.

“So, what if the leader of the assassins hasn’t been studying the Writ all of his life?"

“He wouldn’t be a very good Kershtian then,” Ais said, continuing to read.

“What if they’re not Kershtian?"

Ais paused, looking up slowly. “That isn’t possible,” he finally said.

“Why not?” Kenton asked. “Didn’t I hear that the A’Kar is letting Lossandin people into the Priest’s DaiKeen?"

“Yes, he has made that decision."

“So, couldn’t he potentially have chosen a Lossander to head the assassination? That would explain how he misinterpreted the Writ—the language barrier could lead to all kinds of mistakes."

“What are you implying?” Ais asked slowly.

“What if the leader of the assassins is Drile?” Kenton asked. “We know he worked with the A’Kar to kill the mastrells. Maybe he’s been given the duty of finishing what he began.”

 Ais snorted. “A sand master? I doubt that, Ry’Kensha. Even if the A’Kar did choose a Lossandin person, they would have to be a Ker’reen believer. The call to destroy an enemy of the Sand Lord is a holy calling."

“Times are different now,” Kenton challenged. “The A’Kar is doing odd things, never before seen in Kershtian tradition. He’s made a new DaiKeen, populating it with men loyal to him that are neither priest nor warrior, but both together. Maybe, to destroy the Diem, he decided to make a deal with what he saw as a lesser evil."

“Maybe,” Ais said, not convinced.

“It makes sense,” Kenton continued, more to himself than to Ais. “I wondered why Drile stopped bothering me so quickly after I challenged him. Before, he would have had to be worried that his assassins would fail—I would expect that the A’Kar wasn’t too pleased that a sand master survived. This way, however, Drile can kill me himself. He doesn’t have to worry about the A’Kar’s retribution."

“If you say so, Ry’Kensha,” Ais said, reading again.

“It makes sense,” Kenton repeated, closing his weakened eyes. Drile, this is just one more reason we

 need to face one another. I’ll get back my strength; your fight won’t be quite as easy as you think it will be.

# Khriss watched him stumble down toward his cabin.

Kenton had the right idea—she was beginning to feel a little bit tired herself. They still had about ten darkside hours left, if her measures were complete. She might as well spend it sleeping.

She was, however, enjoying the transformation she saw in the landscape around her. The further south they went, the less sand and rocks there were, and the more fields she saw. The lands they were passing to the west were the most lively Khriss had seen on dayside. She could see a complex system of canals splitting off the river, providing irrigation to the fields. They looked nearly as productive as darkside plants—though, for some reason, they were all green. It was an odd color for plants.

The further south they went, the lower the sun sank in the sky. The air was becoming cooler—Kenton said he couldn’t feel it, but Khriss could. Her body whispered that she was going in the right direction—that she should keep going until they reached darkside. Three more

 days, she told herself. This will all be over by then, whatever the result.

And, she feared that the result would not be favorable. Kenton’s weakness frightened her—she had nearly lost him. She didn’t have a good record keeping men she cared about lately. The fear she had felt, holding Kenton’s body as his heart stopped, only hinted at what was to come. Kenton was so afraid of Drile’s power that he had nearly killed himself just for the possibility of a slight increase in power. Both he and Eric tried to keep an optimistic front, but Khriss could sense what they weren’t saying. They didn’t think Kenton could defeat this other sand master.

No! Khriss thought with despair, leaning against the side of the ship, watching the cool water pass below. I can’t lose him, not another one. But, what can I do? She was helpless, once again.

“He should never have gotten himself into this,” Eric said approaching from the side.

Khriss looked up. The Lossander was staring at the stairs down to the cabins, his eyes concerned.

“The overmastery?” Khriss asked.

 “The Taisha, the leadership,” Eric said in a quiet, haunted voice. “Responsibility kills. It sucks the soul out of a man and leaves him a poor imitation of what he could have been."

Khriss frowned, staring at Eric. She had never heard such intensity from him before. He was always so laid- back, so unconcerned with everything. This, however, seemed to be a point even he felt strongly about.

“Responsibility?” Khriss asked. “Someone has to take it."

“I just thank the sands that it isn’t me,” Eric returned, walking over to lean against the wale next to her. He stared out over the river. “Kenton should have been so smart. He could have just left it all behind. Then he wouldn’t be in this position."

Khriss shook her head. No, Eric. I disagree. She didn’t say so out loud, however. She didn’t feel like arguing. However, if there was one thing she had learned on this trip, it was that leadership was more than titles and giving orders. It was an act of becoming something greater than what one had been before; it was doing things for others, things that they could not do

 themselves. It was a burden, true, but it refined as much as it hurt.

She could look back on what she had been before. She had been more innocent, true—she hadn’t been betrayed by friends, lovers, and expectations alike—but that innocence had been traded for strength and understanding. She would not go back, even if she were given the opportunity.

Eric turned eyes toward Kenton’s cabin again. “I suppose he’ll learn on his own,” Eric whispered. “Nothing is worth that—nothing is worth the expectations, the responsibility for other men’s deaths, the responsibility to kill so that others do not have to. It destroys a man, unless he escapes. I escaped. Maybe he will."

Then he turned, his eyes passing over Khriss as if she weren’t there, and he just wandered toward his own cabin.

 Chapter Thirty-Three Kenton awoke the next day feeling rejuvenated. He sat up, his body completely devoid of the weakness it had felt before. Eagerly, he reached for the sand pouch beside his cot and commanded the sand to life.

Nothing.

He sighed, dropping the sand back in its pouch. There was a wash basin and a rag beside the cot, and he proceeded to wipe his body down with the scented water, washing away the day’s grime. Ais was gone. Kenton frowned—how long had he been asleep?

Yawning, he pulled some clothing out of his trunk. It was wrinkled from the packing, but ShalRim tended to resist wrinkling, as opposed to the more expensive darkside materials, and once he had them on they didn’t look so bad.

He pulled open the door, walking up toward the deck. As he stumbled into the light, he was surprised to find

 the ship resting beside a wooden dock, a large city extending around him. Lraezare.

“Sleep well?” a lazy voice asked.

Kenton spun to find Delious and his steward speaking with the ship captain beside the port wale.

“When did we arrive?” Kenton asked anxiously.

“Less than an hour ago,” Delious replied. “The darkside girl insisted we let you sleep a little longer."

“Where are they?"

“In the city,” Delious said with a nod. “The Kershtian went to visit the temple; the others trying to figure out where old Vey is hiding."

Kenton turned, scanning the city. Lraezare was built where the Ali met the ocean. Most of the city lay on the eastern side of the river, where reefs formed a natural bay that made a perfect dock. The city itself extended along the crescent-like peninsula which ran a short distance out into the ocean. It was built on an incline, with a line of enormous mansions running in a row at the hill’s apex. The homes of the Shipowner’s Circle.

Even as Kenton searched, he noted a distinctive dark- skinned form approaching down one of the main streets. Baon was very easy to pick out of a crowd, and Lraezare

 wasn’t nearly as busy as Kezare. Khriss and the others were walking with him.

“Lord Admiral?” an amazed voice said.

Kenton turned. He had been so focused on studying the city that he hadn’t noticed the blue-robed attendant who had walked up the plank. He was a short man with tiny, coin-like ears and wide eyes. His robes bore the symbol of the Helm on the breast—a symbol encased in a bright red circle.

“Yes?” Delious asked as he turned toward the man.

The Lord Admiral suddenly appeared more drunk than he had just a moment before. He even managed to stumble and nearly topple to the deck as he turned—only his steward’s steadying hand prevented the collapse.

“My Lord ...” the Helm member said, still stunned. “We weren’t aware that you were coming to visit."

“I came on a whim,” Delious said, gesturing with his hand—the hand that held the cup. The movement accidentally sprayed the attendant with red drops of wine. Delious appeared not to have noticed the mistake.

The man turned, wiping a drop of wine from his forehead, noticing Kenton for the first time. His eyes

 thinned in suspicion. “I’ll go and tell the Circle of your arrival, My Lord,” he said to Delious.

“If you wish,” Delious said with a shrug. “I don’t see that it will matter, however. We’ll be leaving soon—I have to make certain the Lord Mastrell gets back in time for the next Council meeting. You’ve heard of that, haven’t you?"

The man paused for a moment. “Yes, My Lord. Good day, My Lord.” He bowed, turning to dash down the plank.

Yes, you’ve heard of the Council meeting, Kenton thought suspiciously. He remembered well Delious’s comments at the party a few days back—the Circle stood to gain a lot in shipping privileges to the kerla if the Diem were disbanded. Of all the Kelzin in Lossand, they had the greatest cause to oppose Kenton.

“Who was that?” Eric asked, climbing up the plank.

“I’m not certain,” Kenton admitted, shooting a look back at Delious. The man was smiling foppishly, but there was an evil glint in his eye. What are you planning, Lord Admiral?

“Kenton, are you all right?” Khriss’s voice rose behind him as the woman pushed past Eric and onto the deck.

 “I feel surprisingly good,” Kenton admitted.

“And the ..."

“Sand?” Kenton asked. He shook his head. “No, not back yet."

“It will come,” she encouraged.

“It had better,” Eric noted. “Well, you have reason to thank us again, great Lord Mastrell."

“You found him?” Kenton assumed.

Eric nodded.

“He’s staying with one of the local Kelzi,” Khriss explained. “A man named Lokkall."

Delious snorted.

“What?” Kenton asked.

“Lokkall is head of the Shipowner’s Circle. He’s the man that does what I should.” Delious smiled to himself. “Perhaps we should pay him a visit? I’m certain he’d be happy to see me. Then, we can all have a little discussion."

“An excellent idea,” Kenton said. “Let’s go. I’m eager to see the Lord Merchant again."

“Not as eager as I am to see his face when you walk in that door,” Delious said quietly.

#

 If Khriss were going to live on dayside, this would be the city she would choose. The sun was low in the sky, more than halfway down to the horizon. The resulting shadows were deep and cool, and now that it was lower in the sky, the sun seemed to have lost some of its power. For the first time since she had arrived on dayside, she found she was able to go out in the light without her dark spectacles.

The entire city seemed to have a more leisurely feel to it. There were people on the streets, but they strolled instead of rushed. The streets were cobbled, and the buildings looked more ...relaxed. They weren’t squished together, like they were in Kezare. They were still made primarily of carapace and stone as opposed to wood, but the simpler one-story structures were more visually appealing than the Kezare versions.

The only thing wrong with the city was the hill. It was incredibly steep, and her legs were already complaining from being forced to climb it for the second time in a few hours. This time, however, she would have to go all the way to the top, not just half-way, where they had found the local Hall of Judgement. The trackts there had easily

 answered their questions as to the location of the Lord Merchant.

Kenton strode beside her, looking, as he said, fully recovered from the previous day’s weakness. Khriss was still worried about him. Still, he looked fine, striding purposely up the hill. He seemed to be dealing well with his loss of mastering ability. She caught him reaching for his sand pouch occasionally, but he never said anything, never complained. In his arm, Kenton carried a ledger with a thin carapace binding. He had retrieved it from his trunk before they left.

“What is that, anyway?” she asked, pointing at the ledger.

Kenton looked down. “This? It’s the record of how much the Diem owes."

Khriss frowned. “Why bring it?” she asked.

“If I can’t get Vey on my side, then maybe I can get him to tell me who I owe the rest of this money to. If anyone has record of something like that, it would be him. In this case, I think he’d be eager to help me—it would, after all, involve laughing at the hopelessness of my cause.”

 Khriss nodded, holding out her hand for the ledger. Kenton handed to her, and she flipped to the last page as they walked. There, at the bottom, she found the daunting number.

700,000 lak. How could someone possibly accrue so much debt? Yet, as she flipped through the pages, she noted that it went back decades—even centuries. There was an entry every month.

“Seven hundred thousand,” she said out loud, her voice amazed.

“I know,” Kenton said with dissatisfaction. “With that kind of debt, it’s no wonder the others want to get rid of us.

And it didn’t look like there was any way around it. She deciphered the writing top—it was written in Kersha —which announced quite prominently that the enormous number in the second column was the ‘amount owed.’

"Good luck,” she mumbled, handing him back the ledger.

# Delious threw open the doors, striding into the home as if it were his own. “Hello?” he announced as several servants began to rush forward, their faces confused.

 “I’ve come for a visit! Someone bring me something to drink."

Kenton stepped in after the Lord Admiral, somewhat less certain of himself. Maybe they should have knocked ....

“Welcome, Lord Admiral,” a voice said. Lokkall was a tall, distinguished Kershtian man with thin beard and a long face. His voice, despite its words, did not sound very welcoming. “Your visit is ... unexpected."

“I exist to make your life exciting,” Delious announced, his overly-drunk persona returning. He leaned against a side wall, nearly knocking an intricately-painted vase off a nearby pedestal. A servant steadied it just in time.

“Where is our dear friend the Lord Merchant?” Delious asked innocently.

“The Lord Merchant?” Lokkall said, mock confusion on his face. “Why would I know where he is?"

Kenton frowned in dissatisfaction. Off to the side, standing behind several of the servants, he could make out a familiar blue robe—the attendant that had confronted Delious on the ship’s deck just a short while before.

 Vey was warned, Kenton thought with disappointment. Yet, they had left the ship just after the attendant. Vey couldn’t have gotten much of a warning. He was probably still in the building somewhere.

“Vey, this is ludicrous,” Kenton said, stepping forward. He spoke loudly, looking up at the second story and its closed doors with a frown on his face. “If you didn’t want to vote for me, that is your choice. I will not force you do so. But you needn’t run. Surely you have more dignity than that. If you are so determined to destroy the Diem, then strike a blow against it valiantly. Don’t hide from sand mastery with a whimper and hope it will go away."

There was no response.

Kenton sighed. “All right,” he said. Opening the ledger. “If you aren’t going to come back, then you can at least ...” he trailed off, sighing as he looked down at the ledger.

Suddenly, the awesome weight of what he had to do pressed down on him. How had he possibly hoped to succeed? Why had he even tried? Why had he bothered coming south? Vey wasn’t going to go back with him. It had been a foolish idea in the first place. So many people hated the Diem, and it owed so much ... .

 Amount owed. Suddenly, his eyes opened wide. Could it be?

His head snapped up. “All right, Vey,” he said. “If that is the way you want it. I’ll just take this ledger I found in my father’s office, the one that lists seven hundred lak on the bottom line, and turn it into the Lady Judge. I’m certain she—"

A door burst open at the top of the stairs, and a sweating Vey sprung out. “No!” he wailed.

Kenton looked up at the Lord Merchant. The man was a wreck—his hands were shaking, his eyes wide, and his clothing disheveled.

“Let’s talk,” Kenton said, smiling slightly to himself. “Lord Lokkall, do you mind if we use one of your rooms?” Lokkall paused, looking up at Vey. Then he looked back at Kenton, noting the golden sash. “Of course not, Lord Mastrell,” he said with a slight frown on his face.

Kenton walked up the steps, resting his hand on Vey’s shoulder as he reached the top, leading the small Kershtian man toward the back room.

“Trying to leave me behind, Lord Mastrell?” a voice demanded.

 Kenton turned. Ais stood in the doorway below. “Ah, you’re here,” he said. “Good. You should hear this. Come on."

Ais frowned at the comment, but he did walk up the stairs and join Kenton and Vey. The three entered the room, which turned out to be some sort of study, with a desk, bookshelf, and several stools.

Kenton closed the door behind him. “You owe the Diem seven hundred thousand lak, don’t you, Vey?” he asked.

Vey groaned softly, taking a seat on a stool.

Kenton smiled, but for some reason he didn’t feel like gloating. He thinks his life is destroyed, Kenton realized, suddenly feeling sorry for the man. If it came out that he had such a large debt, he wouldn’t just lose his place as Lord Merchant, but his status as a kelzi as well. Oh sands, I know how he must feel.

“But how?” Kenton asked. “How could you possibly ...” he paused. The amount had been accruing for centuries. “The Lord Merchant acquires all the wealth of his predecessor. Does that mean he acquires all of the former Lord Merchant’s debts too?"

Vey nodded, looking sick. Ais stood beside the far wall, watching the Lord Merchant with keen eyes.

 “A long time ago, a Lord Mastrell must have started a personal account with a Lord Merchant,” Kenton guessed. “And, since the Diem didn’t really need money, the Lord Mastrell would place all of the tribute money in the account."

“His name was Hennin,” Vey whispered. “An idiot of a Lord Merchant. He acquired the position by accident—a relative died, leaving him a fortune that, stacked upon the one his father left him, was enough to win him the title of Lord Merchant. Unfortunately, he ruled for a very long time. When the next Lord Merchant obtained the position, he found a previous unknown ledger listing a vast amount owed to the Lord Mastrell. The interest that had been accruing was monumental. Hennin had lost most of his fortune in the failed deal that lost him the Lord Merchantship, so the new Lord Merchant didn’t acquire any of the man’s money—only his debts.

“Over the next few centuries, the interest continued to accrue. Eventually it became so large that no Lord Merchant could ever pay it. Fortunately, the Lord Mastrell was willing to keep the account private, which meant it wasn’t counted in the Lord Merchant’s public

 avowal of wealth. Otherwise, every Lord Merchant that inherited the Taisha would immediately lose it.

“The Lord Mastrells used the debt to force the Lord Merchants into continuing to pay the tribute. Each quarter, the Lord Merchant would have to send two thousand lak of his personal fortune to the Diem. The Lord Mastrell would immediately return it, of course— telling the Lord Merchant to deposit it in the private account. So, while the Lord Merchants didn’t actually lose money, the private debt grew incredibly large."

“And now that debt is yours,” Kenton said, feeling sorry for the poor man before him. Vey was weeping openly now, and Ais was regarding the man with a look of barely-veiled disgust.

“Someone else must know about it,” Kenton continued. “Otherwise it would simply be one Taisha’s word against another. The Lady Judge?"

Vey nodded.

Kenton shook his head ruefully. You knew all along, Lady Heelis. You gave me a seemingly impossible task, knowing all the time that there was a way to get beyond it.

 “The Lord Judge several decades ago decreed that the debt wasn’t good for Lossand,” Vey explained between quiet sobs. “He said that when and if the Lord Mastrell demanded payment, the Lord Merchant at that time would have to take responsibility for the full amount, rather than passing it on to his successor."

“That is harsh,” Kenton said, shaking his head.

Vey took a deep breath. “Well, you have succeeded, Ry’Kensha,” he hissed. “You’ve beaten me—you can continue a century-long tradition of blackmail. Hall sanctioned blackmail, no less. Force the Lord Merchant to be your slave, as others have done before you. You have my vote, just keep this debt silent."

Kenton regarded the man, sitting abjectly on the stool. No wonder he hates the Diem so. I almost hate the Diem for doing something like that. The worst thing was, his position seemed to demand that he continue the extortion. Or, at least, just long enough to get Vey’s vote.

But, could he? He had spent the last few weeks preaching that the Diem could change, that it would change. What would it matter to get Vey’s vote if by doing so he had to sacrifice the Diem’s integrity?

 The Council was right, Kenton realized. The Diem should have been disbanded.

“I don’t want your vote, Vey,” Kenton said quietly. The Lord Merchant looked up with a distrusting eye. “I want your support,” Kenton explained. “The two aren’t the same. The debt is foolishness—consider it forgiven."

Vey’s jaw dropped in stupefaction. More satisfying, however, was the look of amazement on Ais’s face. Kenton smiled slightly to himself, but his stomach churned at the mistake he had missed. If only he could ....

No, he decided. I’ve already made my decision. The Lady Judge is right—if the Diem can’t convinced the people of Lossand that it should exist, then it doesn’t deserve to do so. That includes the Kershtians, the trackts, and the merchants. I’ve spent my life trying to force people to do what I want. I won’t see the Diem’s rebirth founded on such principles.

He turned with a quiet sigh, pulling open the door. How was he going to explain this to the others? Khriss would probably kill him.

“Wait,” Vey objected. “What are your demands?”

 “Demands?” Kenton asked. “There are none, Vey. I don’t expect you to be responsible for that money—it was improperly gained. The mastrells extorted it out of the Guild, forcing your to use your own money to push yourselves deeper into debt. That’s simply not right."

“But,” Vey said, his face completely baffled. “I have to vote for you before the debt will be forgiven, don’t I?"

Kenton shook his head. “You vote as your conscience demands, Vey. Represent the people of your Profession as you have been elected to do. If you think that the Diem’s continuation is not in their best interests, then you have no choice but to vote against me."

The concept seemed beyond Vey’s comprehension. Of course, Kenton had just abandoned seven hundred thousand lak. That was a fairly amazing amount of money.

Vey considered his words for a moment, obviously unable to believe that the shadow that had oppressed him for so long was finally gone.

“What do you want?” Vey finally asked.

“Want?” Kenton asked, turning. “What I want is a loan, Vey. Two hundred thousand lak—from the Guild, not you —to pay off our debts. You can take a lean against the

 sand masters’s future wages until the sum is paid off. The interest from such an amount alone should be enough to make the Guild a handsome sum."

“And I don’t have to vote for you?” Vey asked, still stunned.

“No,” Kenton said, shaking his head.

“But, if I don’t, then I won’t make the money off the loan,” Vey assumed.

“I suppose,” Kenton said with a shrug.

“So it is a threat!” Vey decided with a satisfied smile. “No ... it ...” Kenton sighed. “Never mind."

“Well, I accept your proposition, Lord Mastrell,” Vey announced, catching Kenton’s eye. There was intellect there—Vey wasn’t quite as misunderstanding as he had made himself seem.

He won’t be able to justify his switched vote unless there’s some reason, Kenton realized. The members of his profession think in terms of monetary gain and loss. If Vey changed his mind because of my kindness, he would be ridiculed. If he voted for me because of some future monetary gain, however ... .

Kenton chuckled slightly. “Yes, then,” he declared. “You’d better vote for me, otherwise you won’t see a lak

 of that loan money."

“You are a cruel bargainer, Lord Mastrell,” Vey returned, also smiling slightly. “I will curse your name right up to the moment I vote for you.” He leaned in close, adding in a lower voice, “I will, however, pray for your soul, Lord Mastrell. The Sand Lord is known to be more lenient with those who are merciful themselves. I trust you have arranged passage back to Kezare?"

“I have,” Kenton said. “We can leave as soon as we pick up the Lord General."

“Reegent?” the short Kershtian asked. “Where is he?” Kenton paused. “Didn’t he come with you?"

Vey shook his head.

“He disappeared from the Tower about the same time you left for Lraezare,” Kenton explained. “The rumors were that he had come with you."

“I know nothing of Reegent,” Vey said, his face earnest. Sands, Kenton thought with concern. Where is he?

# They left the room, Kenton enthusiastic, Vey relieved, and Ais looking very, very confused. Down below, Kenton was surprised to see that the small entryway had been filled to capacity during his absence. Fully twenty men

 stood below, each bearing the circled Helm symbol on the breast of their robes.

Kenton frowned—this could be none other than the Shipowner’s Circle. They were of little importance to him, however. He would soon be leaving.

“Lord Delious, I trust our ship has room for one more passenger,” Kenton asked.

“I suppose,” Delious said with a shrug. “Especially if it’s Lord Vey—everyone knows how fond I am of him."

“Good, then let us prepare to go,” Kenton said, shooting an uncomfortable look at the Circle. The men were watching him as he went down the stairs, their faces distrustful.

“I think you will find that a difficult task without a ship,” Lokkall said smoothly.

Kenton turned suspicious eyes on the head of the Circle. The tall Kershtian man was smiling to himself. “Without a ship?” Kenton demanded quietly.

“I’m afraid the Council had need of your ship,” Lokkall informed. “Your things are sitting on the docks. The captain set sail for Kezare fifteen minutes ago."

Kenton cursed, gritting his teeth in anger.

 Delious just laughed. “What a childish move,” he declared, draining the wine from his ever-present cup.

“Don’t worry, Lokkall,” Vey said quickly. “The Lord Mastrell and I have come to an agreement. I shall need to return to Kezare immediately."

Lokkall shot Vey a disgusted look—one Vey received with narrowed eyes of distrust. “I care not if you choose to deal with the unholy one, Vey,” Lokkall hissed in Kershtian. “I have other concerns. It is very important that you make no vote in that Council."

“You wouldn’t!” Vey challenged. “This is outrageous!"

“It’s unimportant, is what it is,” Delious cut in. No one but Kenton seemed to notice his flawless Kershtian. Delious switched back to Lossandin. “We’ll just commandeer another boat—I can take my pick, you know."

“Not any more, Delious,” Lokkall said, a sneer on his face.

“What?” Delious asked.

“Delious of Kezare,” Lokkall announced in a firm voice, the other Circle members standing supportively behind him, “by unanimous vote of the Shipowner’s Circle, you are hereby stripped of your title as Lord Admiral. Your

 drunkenness has been an embarrassment to the Helm for long enough. You have cost it exorbitant sums and offered no service in return. Your support of this sand master, enemy of the Helm, is the final grain of sand.

You have gone too far, and we are left with no choice. Consider yourself released. As of this moment, you are possessionless—as per the Law, all that you had is now the Helm’s. Your service, such as it was, is appreciated."

Delious slumped back against the wall, his eyes wide with shock. “I’m ... released?” he asked. “Now? After all this time ... ."

Lokkall smiled, turning to Kenton. “As you see, Lord Mastrell, you appear to be without a means of transportation. You might be able to commandeer some tonks—the trip should only take you a week."

Kenton cursed to himself. Will this never stop? He thought with frustration. Every time I close my eyes, something else new—

“You have the documents?” a new voice suddenly asked.

Kenton frowned. He thought he recognized the voice— it was familiar, yet different. He turned amazed eyes toward Delious. The former Lord Admiral was standing

 tall, his aged face somehow looking distinguished despite his foolish clothing.

“Right here, Delious,” Delious’s steward said from behind, unrolling several sheets of paper.

“Good. Let me sign them.” Delious’s voice was firm— in control. He showed no sign of his former drunkenness. “Trackt,” he said, nodding toward Ais. “Would you look these over to judge their legality?"

Ais stepped down in front of Kenton, accepting the sheets and looking over them. “These look in order,” he said after a moment of study.

“What are they?” Lokkall said, a bit of uncertainty creeping into his voice.

“Deeds,” Ais said. “Deeds to ships, it appears.” Lokkall grew pale.

“As Lord Admiral, I was forbidden to own property,"

Delious said with a quiet smile. “But the Charter says nothing about my servants. Or my son."

“Oh, sands ...” Lokkall whispered.

“Delin,” Delious said, looking over the deeds, “is there still a carapace shortage in Kezare?"

“I believe so, father,” the steward said, smiling broadly. “Why is that again?”

 The steward chuckled. “Probably because you ordered all of our ships to buy the incoming loads of carapace and keep them in their holds."

“How many ships do I have in Kezare’s docks?"

“Twelve, father,” the steward replied, shooting a satisfied look at the Circle.

Delious nodded. “Send our fastest skimmer north. Order the captains to unload their cargoes and sell them at a fourth of the going price."

Fully five members of the Shipowner’s Circle fainted at that remark. Kenton smiled to himself. With the Kezare shortage, it only made sense that they would have purchased all of the carapace in the south and begun shipping it to the north. Entire fortunes could be made— or lost—on such an opportunity.

Delious handed the deeds back to his son and took a step forward, staring Lokkall directly in the eyes. “When you steal a man’s fortune, when you give him a title mocked and reviled by the rest of the nation, and when you give him five years to contemplate his hatred, make certain you never give him a chance to get revenge. Remember that next time.”

 Delious spun to face the rest of the Circle, most of whom were helping their stunned comrades back to their feet.

“I nominate Lokkall as the new Lord Admiral,” Delious announced. “If enough of you vote with me, I will change my order, and only sell my carapace at half the going rate instead of a fourth. Those in favor, please make it known."

The vote was unanimous. To his credit, Lokkall managed to bear it without fainting.

Delious nodded at the result, turning to the new Lord Admiral. “You are now Lord Admiral, Lokkall,” he said with a hint of vengeance in his voice. “All of your wealth is forfeit. All of your ships are forfeit. You can demand nothing from us but a home and some food. You will probably grow to have a taste for wine, if you don’t have one already."

Lokkall closed his eyes, a look of pain on his face.

“This is what you did to me, Lokkall,” Delious whispered. “Feel it. But, unlike you, I’m going to give you a way out. I am going to personally hold all of your wealth and ships. Vote for the Lord Mastrell in the

 Council, and I will find a new Lord Admiral and return your possessions to you. Do you understand?"

Lokkall nodded, his eyes dazed.

“Good,” Delious snapped. He turned to Kenton. “Are we going?"

Kenton nodded, smiling. “I suppose."

Delious began to walk toward the door. He paused, however, next to his son, removing a wine bottle from the man’s pouch. He uncorked the bottle smelling the wine inside with closed eyes. Then he turned it over and dumped the wine on the floor of Lokkall’s mansion.

“You know the ironic thing?” Delious asked to no one in particular. “I absolutely loath wine. Always have."

# Khriss caught up to Kenton and Delious as they walked toward the docks. Kenton had explained the way the Lord Admiral was chosen, and she had thought it atrocious. She had known that there was more to the Lord Admiral than he had let on, but this ... ? Eric had translated most of what was said—though he did so in his summarizing way. Still, she had understood most of what happened.

 “So,” she demanded, pushing her way between Kenton and Delious, “you were faking all this time?” she asked with amazement, forcing Kenton to play translator.

“Define faking, Khrissalla,” Delious responded. “I really did feel like a fool. I really did feel like drinking myself senseless. I really did loose faith in truth and justice. I didn’t give up, however. I spent the first month after my appointment to the Lord Admiralship feeling sorry for myself. After that, I began planning. You don’t become a successful merchant without knowing how to deal with temporary setbacks."

“Five years is hardly temporary,” Kenton noted.

Delious smiled, a bit of his old humor showing through. “It is, when compared to a lifetime,” he noted.

“True,” Kenton admitted.

“Only the Council could release me,” Delious explained as they walked down the street. Going down suited Khriss much more than climbing up. “Therefore, the only thing I could do was annoy them to the point that they decided to get rid of me."

“And you planned for all those years ... .” Khriss said with amazement.

“I had little else to do,” Delious pointed out.

 “I have a question, Delious,” Kenton asked. “Why are you helping me? Your plan is finished; you won. Wouldn’t it be better for your profession to oppose the Diem?"

Delious shrugged. “Perhaps,” he admitted. “The truth is, Lord Mastrell, that I empathize with you. I know treachery, and I know what it is like to fight impossible odds. What was done to your profession was not right, and I will not support its destruction."

Khriss shook her head. She couldn’t believe the change in the man. He walked proudly now, where he had stumbled foolishly before. His eyes were keen, rather than dulled by drink. He spoke firmly, rather than with slurred tones. She had yet to meet a person on dayside who felt more like a nobleman than the new Delious. He had the lucid eyes and honest face of a kind and just lord.

No wonder the Circle was afraid of him, she thought. She turned to Kenton. “And what about you?” she asked. “What did you do up there? How did you beat that merchant into submission?"

“I didn’t,” Kenton said frankly. “It turns out he was the one who owed the seven hundred thousand, not the

 Diem. He had a debt that transferred from Lord Merchant to Lord Merchant—a debt owed to the Diem."

“So, you demanded it from him?” Khriss asked with amazement. Suddenly, he was rich.

“No,” Kenton said. “I forgave it. I didn’t want to get money that way."

“You ... .” Khriss said, trailing off. “Kenton, that was stupid."

Kenton chuckled to himself.

“What?” she demanded.

“Nothing,” he said. “Anyway, it doesn’t matter. Vey was so impressed that he offered to let me push him into giving me his vote."

“What?” Khriss asked.

“I’ll explain later."

She frowned—she never liked that answer. She didn’t press the point, however. “How are we going to get back?” she asked. “Didn’t they send our ship away?"

Delious smiled. “Delin,” he said, addressing the nondescript man who was apparently his son, “how many ships do we have in the Lraezare docks?"

“Three,” Delin replied. “Which one is the fastest?”

 “The Kalqin,” Delin informed.

“Tell the captain we’ll be leaving for Kezare within the hour."

“Yes, sir,” Delin said, nodding and hurrying ahead.

“He’s a good boy,” Delious mumbled. “His mother left me when I lost my fortune—the first time, I mean."

Khriss froze, stopping in place. “Wait a minute,” she said. “What about the Lord General?"

Delious paused too, frowning. “You’re right. Wasn’t he supposed to be here?"

Kenton shook his head. “No. Vey said he hadn’t come with him."

“Then where is he?” Delious asked.

Kenton just shook his head. “We only have three days to find out.”

 Chapter Thirty-Four A good tailwind sped their progress north. Even still, travelling against the current meant that it would take nearly two days to complete the trip. Kenton withstood it in silent frustration. By the time they got back to Kezare, he would only have one day until the fight with Drile and the judgement, which would occur a few hours later.

He was so close. Vey’s support would not only bring him the Lord Farmer, but the loan should be enough to placate the Lord Artisan. The Diem would still have debts—however, many professions took out loans from the Guild. He could only hope that the Lady Judge would accept the deal, with the promise of payment, as proof that the Diem was on the road to financial stability.

Kenton leaned against the ship’s wale, watching the land pass. A short distance away, he could see Vey speaking quietly with the elderly Cynder—as a merchant, Vey knew a smattering of Dynastic. It was odd, seeing Vey in such a manner—seeing him as a person, rather

 than an opponent. He laughed happily with Cynder, trying out his limited vocabulary. He was the Lord Merchant, and he was a Kershtian, but he was still a person.

Maybe if I hadn’t assumed he would oppose me from the beginning, I could have avoided all of this, Kenton realized with guilt. Of course, that was his problem, wasn’t it? He assumed everyone was against him. It had seemed that way in the Diem, and he had fought for so long that he had begun to see the entire world in a similar manner.

You were right, father. You were right all along. I was a fool. He felt relieved, in a way, to realize that. The world seem like a much more optimistic place now that he understood that he didn’t necessarily have to defend himself against everyone he met. Of course, he still had to win the Diem’s judgement.

Delious had secured him the Lord Admiral’s vote. Even if Kenton didn’t personally agree with Delious’s motives, he couldn’t fault the man. After what had happened to Delious, he had a right to be ruthless. The opportunity he had offered Lokkall, allowing the man to have his

 possessions back after his term as Lord Admiral, was far more merciful than could be expected.

Delious stood now, speaking quietly with the ship captain as they sailed north. Kenton watched them, leaning against the bow wale. His nose and eyes no longer red from alcohol, the former Lord Admiral cut an imposing figure. He had abandoned his flowery robes, instead choosing ones of a more moderate style—simple tans and grays. However, the plain clothing did not detract from his presence.

Before, one’s eyes had been drawn directly to Delious’s clothing, and its flowery bright colors and frills had formed an immediate impression in the viewer. Now, however, the clothing faded to the background, allowing one to realize just how distinguished a man Delious was. He stood tall and proud, his gray-flecked hair lending him a sagacious air.

This is the type of man I would become, Kenton decided. He could immediately tell why Delious had been so successful, no matter what Profession he chose. He had an air that made men want to follow him. His movements bespoke experience.

 Kenton turned around, staring out across the passing river, feeling the cool breeze blowing against his face, the ship quivering slightly below him as it forced its way against the current. Perhaps someday he could be like Delious, but only if he survived the next few days.

His powers still hadn’t returned. He was beginning to think Khriss and Eric were right—he had been a fool to do something so drastic so close to the judgement. Of course, despite all of his successes, he still had three votes he couldn’t count on. Dirin’s ploy to gain the Talloner vote was a completely random factor. The Lord General, the first supporter he had thought he’d gained, had disappeared completely.

Most stressful of all, however, was the Lady Judge’s vote. With Ais giving her information, Kenton could only guess what she thought of him. The loan from Vey was only a half-answer to her demand that the Diem get rid of its debts, and he had no idea how she would judge whether or not the Diem had convinced the people of Lossand to accept it.

At least I can count on one thing, he thought ruefully. The Lady Judge had told him that the Diem needed a solid leader in order to prove itself. One way or another,

 the sand masters would have their leader—either he would kill Drile or, more likely, Drile would kill him. Kenton could only hope that if that happened, all of the Taisha would still vote as they had promised.

#

"It’s not working."

Khriss paused. She had just left her cabin and was on her way up to the deck. The voice, however, made her pause. It was coming from the room Eric shared with Cynder. The door was slightly ajar. Cynder, however, was on deck—or he had been a few minutes ago when she’d left him. Who was Eric talking too?

“You’ve done a pretty good job, these last few years,” Eric said conversationally. “Except for that one incident, of course. Still, for the most part you’ve completely avoided responsibility. No worries. No one depending on you. No one dying for you."

Khriss frowned. Who could he possibly ... ? Feeling a little embarrassed—but only a little—she peeked through the open door and scanned the room. Eric reclined on his bunk, staring up at the ceiling. There was no one else in the room.

 “He’s going to drag you down with him,” Eric continued. “Already, you feel as if you have some stake in this stupid contest. You feel that if he doesn’t succeed, you will have somehow failed. How did you let yourself get pulled into something like this? Next thing you know, he’ll try to talk you into being captain of his personal guard."

Why is he talking to himself? Khriss wondered, rechecking the room for another occupant. She shook her head. You’ve always known he was a little odd, she reminded herself, leaving the door behind and continuing on up to the deck.

Kenton stood by the bow, looking out over the passing waters, and Delious was speaking with the captain. Cynder sat in the same place as before, compiling a list of words he had collected from Lossandin, trying to outline the language’s grammatical structure with the help of the diminutive Lord Merchant. All of them seemed absorbed in what they were doing, and didn’t appear as if they would appreciate an interruption. And, since Eric was talking to himself and Baon was down below napping, Khriss was left without anything to do.

 Well, I’ll go bother Kenton, she decided. He’s used to it. Besides, it isn’t good for him to spend so much time thinking about his fight with Drile. Besides, she had something she wanted to talk to him about—something she had been avoiding for the last few days.

She approached quietly, but he noticed her anyway, turning to see who it was, then smiling when he realized it was Khriss.

Once that would have been a scowl, she realized. He would have been annoyed when he saw it was me. What changed?

She walked over, leaning against the wale beside him. The water rushed below, looking so cool and refreshing. She was almost tempted to leap in. Of course, even if the ship hadn’t been moving, that probably wouldn’t have been a good idea. The daysiders would all immediately assume she had gone insane.

“I don’t think two weeks have ever passed more quickly,” Kenton said, staring out across the water.

Khriss nodded, regarding his contemplative face. The weeks may have passed quickly, but it seemed like each day had contained a year’s worth of experiences. Kenton had grown solemn and responsible during that time. He

 still had the same smirk, but it was tempered by discerning eyes and an earnest temperament.

“If only I had another week,” he said quietly. “Time to firm up my support, time to make certain the Taisha really will vote for me. Time to get my powers back ... ."

“Everyone always wishes for more time,” Khriss said. “It’s human nature. Next week always seems better than right now."

“Not always,” Kenton said, turning to meet her eyes. “Some moments I wish would never pass. Sometimes I wish I could drift in the here, wish that next week would never come. Some instants are special."

Khriss couldn’t speak for a long time. She simply stood, staring into his bright daysider eyes. They were so colorful—she’d never noticed that before. They had no Skycolor, but the seemed to shine anyway. Blue, with flecks of green.

Eventually he turned, looking back across the moving shore. Behind them, Khriss heard Eric’s voice speaking with Cynder—the daysider must have finished his conversation with himself and come up on deck.

“The Kershtians say immortality is being held in the Sand Lord’s memory for all time,” Kenton whispered. “As

 long as he knows you, you live on.” He turned back to her. “Remember me,” he requested.

“Don’t talk like that,” she said. “You’ll live."

Kenton didn’t respond.

“Come back with me,” Khriss suddenly heard herself blurt.

“What?” Kenton asked.

Inside, Khriss cursed her lack of tact. She’d been wondering how to make the offer without sounding too forward. She’d spoken now, however. There was nothing to do now but continue on.

“Come back to darkside with me,” she repeated. “Don’t let him kill you, Kenton. Come to Elis with me. You’ll like it there—darkside is a beautiful place."

Kenton smiled slightly. “You should have asked me two weeks ago,” he replied, “before I learned responsibility."

“You’ll die!” Khriss objected. “There’s no responsibility in that. You’ve done your best—once we find the Lord General, we can leave. The Diem will be safe."

Kenton shook his head. “And how would the Taisha regard such an act?” he asked. “The sand masters have been cowards through the history of Lossand, Khriss. They hid behind their power, never taking responsibility

 for what they did. If I run now, I’ll just confirm everything my opposition has been saying. If I die fighting, that is one thing. But I can’t run. I began this, I must do my best to finish it."

“Oh, Kenton,” she whispered, searching for hope in his eyes. She had been wrong about him. When she had compared him to Gevin, she had pronounced Gevin perfect and Kenton flawed. How naïve she had been.

Gevin wasn’t perfect. But, neither was Kenton. That wasn’t the point. Perhaps if she hadn’t idolized Gevin so much, she might have seen what he was trying to tell her.

Kenton wasn’t perfect, but he was many other things. He had courage and determination—both things she respected in him. He fought on, no matter how horrible things seemed. He made Khriss want to do likewise, made her feel—by association—that Elis really could stand against the Dynasty, that she really could do something to help, and that, despite her recent failures, she could find the things she yearned for.

Kenton reached out, touching her cheek lightly with the tips of his fingers. The moment, however, was spoiled as the captain began to yell curses. Khriss turned. A

 smaller ship had come close to getting itself run down by their ship. The captain had his fist raised in the air, and was yelling at the other captain.

Kenton chuckled, shaking his head. “I haven’t heard that word in a while,” he mumbled.

Suddenly, Khriss noticed something. The smaller ship wasn’t responding to the captain’s curses. It was still drifting closer to their ship. It was a flat, barge-like vessel, with several figures standing on its deck. Eight of them, their skin an olive tan.

“Kenton, down!” she said, pushing him to the deck as the archers began to fire. Screams rang out across the ship as sailors dropped, arrows sprouting from their bodies. Ropes thunked against the side of the ship. It took them a moment—the Kershtians didn’t look too happy to be on the water—but they did make it onto the ship, and they immediately turned toward Kenton.

#

"Get below decks!” Kenton urged, pushing Khriss toward the open cabin doors. She would probably be safe down there—the assassins were only after him.

But why shoot the sailors? He thought with confusion. Then he realized why as a couple of sailors pulled out

 short swords, standing defensively. They were probably trained to deal with the possibility of piracy. Only two were still standing, however—the captain and another man.

Khriss followed his command, scuttling toward the doorway. Two of the assassins got there first, however, slamming the door closed.

What? Kenton thought with surprise. Then he saw them throw down the bar, locking the door. Baon and Ais were both down there. Without them, and without his sand mastery ... .

Oh, sands!

Five of the Kershtians were heading toward them, their weapons held suspiciously, their steps uncertain on the rocking ship’s deck. Still, they were determined, despite their discomfort at being on the water. They had shot off all of their arrows trying to kill him and the sailors. Each of the five had either a sword or a shortspear, however.

Suddenly, Kenton realized just how much trouble he was in. The Kershtians only paused to see what he would do—his defeat of their comrades in the past had made them wary. As soon as they realized he wasn’t going to use sand, they would attack.

 I can’t fight five men at once! He thought with despair. Even on a good day, he was lucky if he could defeat a single trained warrior in combat, let alone five. This is it then. He wouldn’t even survive long enough to be killed by Drile.

# Khriss made it halfway to the stairs before the two Kershtians blocked it, holding the portal to keep any more people from coming up on deck. Behind her, Kenton was quickly surrounded by five warriors. The last man moved toward the captain and Delious, holding his zinkall threateningly.

No! Khriss thought angrily, crouching down and pressing herself against the wale. She had to do something. Without his sand, Kenton was in serious danger.

She looked anxiously across deck, searching for something to help. The door downstairs was shaking— Baon was probably using something to try battering it open. The two Kershtians were still standing there, however, holding the door shut. Baon wouldn’t dare fire his pistols through, not without knowing who he might hit.

 There was nothing she could do.

Suddenly, the five Kershtians advanced on Kenton, two swinging at him directly, distracting him while the other three moved around to flank him. Kenton parried recklessly, trying to fight the two men before him while keeping his eye on the ones to the side. It wasn’t working very well.

Khriss continued to search for help. Cynder and Vey had fled, and were seeking cover on the other side of the ship. Neither one of them would be much help. She turned, desperate.

At that moment, her eyes me Eric’s. He crouched beside the opposite wale, watching the battle with calm eyes. He wasn’t going to do anything.

Khriss held his eyes. Please! She tried to communicate the feeling with her eyes. She didn’t know what he could do, but she had seen him in the previous fight. He had at least some experience.

# Eric watched the battle. He saw the sailors fall. He saw the Kershtians effectively barricade the door shut, buying their allies just enough time to perform their

 duty. He saw Kenton get attacked. He saw Khriss’s pleading look.

I can’t! he thought with agony. Not this. After so long, not this ... .

Kenton was getting flanked. The two in front were just a distraction—one of the spearmen would get him from behind and it would all be over.

You are a fool, Kenton! He thought angrily. It’s your fault for losing your powers!

The Kershtians drew closer. Kenton would be dead in a matter of seconds.

“It’s your own fault,” Eric whispered. “You should never have come back."

# Eric moved.

Khriss watched with wide eyes as he sprang forward, leaping up to the aft deck where the single Kershtian was threatening the captain. The assassin didn’t even have time to turn around as Eric slammed his elbow into the man’s back. Khriss heard a crack, and the Kershtian fell with a cry of pain.

Eric caught the man’s spear as it fell, reaching over the Kershtian’s shoulder to snatch the weapon out of the air.

 He spun and jumped, leaping off the upper deck, over the two Kershtians holding the door closed, and engaging the other five from behind.

One caught a spear in the neck as he turned. The second barely had time to perform an awkward swing before the but of Eric’s weapon sent him backward, his face a splash of red.

Eric spun, hurling the spear at one of the door-holding Kershtians, taking the man in the chest as he raised his zinkall. Behind Eric, one of the other soldiers swung, but Eric was already ducking. The weapon passed over his head. The Kershtian preformed an awkward backswing, but Eric caught the weapon before it gained momentum.

Eric twisted his hand in a quick motion, spinning the blade out of the Kershtian’s hand. Eric reached forward, snatching the sword by its hilt in mid-air. The Kershtian fell by his own sword as Eric’s reach for the weapon became a swing in one fluid motion.

Kenton regarded the exchange with wide eyes. He finally regained his poise and engaged one of the remaining Kershtians. Eric took the second man as Baon finally burst through the door behind them. The large warrior had his pistols out.

 All three Kershtians fell at once One taken in the side by Kenton’s wild swing, one with a pistol bullet in his chest, the third nearly decapitated by Eric’s sword. Khriss sat stunned—the entire battle had only taken a few seconds.

Eric’s face was twisted horribly with some sort of inner pain. He regarded the weapon in his hand with loathing, as if he wanted to toss it away. He didn’t, however. It was as if the weapon were attached to his hand.

Kenton approached him. “Eric, I ... ."

Eric hissed his response, pushing past Kenton and striding below deck, the sword still clutched in his hand.

#

"Oh, sands ...” Kenton whispered, looking over the carnage. Eric’s skill was still there. His motions had been less fluid than Kenton remembered, his thrusts a little less precise, but even an out-of-practice Eric was an awesome sight to behold.

“This isn’t good,” he said as Khriss approached. “What’s wrong with him?” Khriss asked.

Kenton shook his head. “I don’t know. I never really understood why he left, but it had something to do with this.” He nodded toward the dead Kershtians. “I think

 he’s afraid of his own ability, Khriss. He was always a gifted fighter—I’ve never seen a man so good with a sword. He never said anything, but I could see it in his eyes. He scared himself, sometimes ... ."

Baon was inspecting the dead, too far away to hear their conversation. “Who did this?” he demanded, standing. “Not you, sand master?"

Kenton shook his head. “Eric,” he replied.

“Impossible,” Baon responded, not argumentative, just firm.

“It’s true."

Baon frowned. “If he were a warrior, I would have been able to sense it. Men who fight carry themselves in a certain way, sand master. You do so, I do so, whoever did this should definitely do so."

Kenton paused. “Eric is a special case, Baon,” he said. “Apparently,” Baon said, still looking disturbed.

After the fight, the captain had immediately begun checking the wounded. Cynder, Delious, and Delious’s son helped him, while Vey sat on a deck chair, looking flustered from the attack. Eventually, the captain turned to Delious. Half of his ten-man crew was dead, three others couldn’t walk.

 “This is bad, My Lord,” he said. “We’ll have to stop for more men. We can’t continue on with only two."

“My son and I will help,” Delious said.

“My Lord!” the captain said. “Surely—"

“I know what to do,” Delious said, interrupting the man with a curt gesture. “No matter what else happens, we have to get to Kezare in time. Understand?"

“Yes, sir,” the captain said, still troubled.

“Tell them I will help, if they need it,” Baon said, watching the conversation and apparently understanding what it was about despite the language barrier.

“You know how to sail?” Kenton asked with surprise.

Baon smiled slightly. “You’d be surprised what my training includes, sand master."

Kenton nodded. “What about the bodies?” he asked in Lossandin.

Delious frowned, looking over the corpses. “Throw them on the assassins’ ship,” he decided, nodding to the vessel which was still connected to their own by a couple of hooked ropes. “Then set it afire."

“No!” Ais objected, appearing from below decks to survey the destruction. “These men must be buried in deep sand.”

 “We don’t have time to deal with Kershtian foolishness, trackt,” Delious said. “Burning is good enough for these."

“A man who is not buried in deep sand never finds his way to the Sand Lord’s embrace,” Ais said firmly. “Place them on the other boat, if you must, but tow it along with us. I will see to them once we reach the city."

“That’s a little ... morbid, don’t you think?” Kenton asked.

Ais caught his eyes. “Not as morbid as burning them, Ry’Kensha,” he said.

Kenton sighed. “We might as well humor him, Delious,” he suggested.

“All right,” Delious agreed. # Kenton waited apprehensively beside Eric’s door, not certain if he should knock or not. The rest of the day had passed with a muted tone, an amorphous sense of discomfort covering the ship. Eric hadn’t emerged from his quarters since he disappeared down below hours before.

Kenton lowered his hand. I’ll let him sleep on it, he decided, turning back toward his own room. As he did

 so, Khriss and the elderly Cynder clomped down the steps.

Cynder chuckled, nodding toward the door. “I think, perhaps, I shall relocate for the time being. Might I make my bed in your room, Lord Mastrell?"

“Of course,” Kenton said. “You can have my bunk.” “No need,” Cynder said with a raised hand. “Cynder, I can’t let you sleep on the—"

“Why doesn’t he sleep in his own bunk?” a solemn voice asked.

Kenton froze, watching Eric’s door creep open. He wasn’t certain what he expected to see, so he wasn’t really surprised when he found Eric dressed in nondescript dayside robes. A sword was tied at his waist, sheathed in a scabbard that seemed familiar for some reason.

Eric’s face, however, was chilling. It was calm, nearly expressionless. His eyes seemed dull when compared to the energy they had once held.

“Hello, Kenton,” he said, his voice smooth, even, and unhurried. “How long do you think it will be before we arrive?”

 Kenton’s lips parted slightly in surprise. He recognized that voice. It was Eric—the Eric he knew, from years before. He stood formally, as he had been trained by his father. He spoke evenly, with an almost contrived voice.

“Eric ...” he said, somewhat at a loss. “It’s all right, you don’t need to do this. It was a fluke. I’m sorry you got pulled in, but, really, you don’t need to go back to what you were before."

“A leader must be prepared to take responsibility for his actions, Kenton,” Eric said smoothly. “Men live or die depending on his ability to make decisions."

Kenton frowned. The statement didn’t make sense in response to what Kenton had said. It was, however, one of Reegent’s favorite topics. Kenton could hear the Lord General in Eric’s voice, could hear a father sternly teaching the rules of life to his son, the heir.

Eric turned to Khriss, performing a stiff-backed half bow. “Lady Khrissalla,” he said. “I apologize for any impropriety I have engaged in. No offence was intended."

Khriss shot Kenton a worried look. She didn’t know what to make of the change. Cynder, however, simply shrugged, moving into the room and sitting on his bunk.

 Eric nodded to Kenton and Khriss. “Sleep well, Kenton, My Lady."

He closed the door. Khriss watched for a moment, then turned, nodding toward her own room. Kenton followed, and she shut the door behind them.

“What happened to him?” she demanded.

“I don’t know ...” Kenton said slowly, leaning back against the door. “That is the way he used to be, Khriss, before he went to darkside."

“You mean, he’s serious?” Khriss asked. “I almost thought he was playing a joke on us."

Kenton shook his head. “I think he’s ... given up on himself, in a way. Eric grew up in a very strict home, Khriss. There was always a glint of wildness in him, and I exploited it to its fullest. However, he was always the cautious one in our friendship. You have no idea how many crazy schemes he talked me out of."

“I’m worried about him,” she confessed. “He used to be so ... happy. A bit irresponsible, but happy."

“And now he’ll be the opposite,” Kenton said thoughtfully. Was there anything he could do? “I guess we can just wait,” he finally said. “Maybe he’ll get over it.”

 “You really think so?” Khriss asked.

Kenton shrugged. “Where Eric is concerned, I really have no idea. Maybe he’ll switch back once this is all over, and he can go back to darkside."

Khriss didn’t look convinced. She sat on her bunk, a concerned expression on her face. Kenton lay an encouraging hand on her shoulder. Then, not knowing what else to do, he returned to his own room and went to bed.

# The voice tried to force its way past Eric’s lips, but he refused to let it out. Normal men did not talk to themselves. Besides, he knew it would only call him a fool.

It’s better this way, he told himself, climbing onto his bunk. This is what I was meant to be. This is what I was raised to become. I will be the person everyone wants me to be.

He barely noticed that he still had the sword in his hand when he lay back to sleep. He held it protectively in front of him, cradling it like a child. He had kept it away from him for so long—it felt good in his hand

 again. It was part of him, who he was. Who he had always been told he had to be . . . .

# Ais frowned as he studied his Kershtian scripture. His mind refused to focus on the holy words before him. He ignored the Lord Mastrell as he entered the room and prepared for bed. Ais had been at his desk reading when the others had confronted Eric, but he had heard the exchange. He wasn’t certain to make of the situation.

The man is obviously unstable, Ais thought. I can’t believe he was hiding such ability all that time. Yet, even as the thought occurred to him, he remembered the time, weeks ago, when Eric had saved him in the alleyway. Neither man had ever spoken of the event—and now Ais realized why. Ais hadn’t been the only one revealing secrets that day. Just as Ais had lost control, so had Eric, though their problems manifest themselves in different ways. Neither man wanted to admit what they had become for a short time.

But now he’s given in. He has become what he was trying to hide. Will the same thing happen to me?

It was a horrifying thought. However, Ais knew it was a possibility. These last few days had been wearying.

 There was a reason he spent so much of his free time seeking solace in the words of the KerKor. Now that he didn’t have his family to comfort him, it was growing increasingly difficult to control his emotions. Back in the city, when Kenton had been speaking with Vey, Ais had nearly lost control. At first, it had been anger—he had thought the Lord Mastrell was going to attempt blackmail right in front of him. However, Ais’s emotions had soon switched to ones of confusion. He didn’t understand what the Lord Mastrell had done—it had almost seemed merciful.

Confusion was bad for Ais. Before, when the assassins had attacked, he hadn’t been able to make himself go up on deck. No one knew of it, thankfully, but suddenly a horrible, shameful fear had gripped him. He had heard the screaming above, the yells of pain, and had lost control, hiding himself beneath his desk. By the time he had regained control of himself, it had been to late.

The Lord Mastrell had nearly died, and Ais hadn’t been there to perform his duty. It was growing worse and worse—never before had he run from a battle. Shame rose to thickly in his chest that he nearly started sobbing. Fortunately, he kept it inside. This time.

 What was happening to him? He was falling apart. Always before, the overwhelming emotions had come in the form of anger. This time, they had come as fear, and that worried Ais. What was next? All of his control, his years of learning to keep himself cold and indifferent, seemed useless now. He, a senior trackt, had hidden under a desk during a battle. He wasn’t worthy of the position he held, wasn’t worthy to bear the Hall’s symbol on his uniform.

With an inward groan of agony, Ais forced himself to read the Sand Lord’s words. They would bring him peace. They would bring him harmony. The Sand Lord was justice. The sand lord was control.

# Kenton frowned, staring up at the cabin’s ceiling. Had he just heard a whimper from Ais?

Of course not, you fool, he thought with a chuckle. The day Ais starts showing emotion ...

Kenton was just on edge. Now he was hearing things—

it was going to be difficult to get to sleep. However, he desperately needed the rest. His body still felt a little weak from overmastery, and he had a lot to do when they got to Kezare.

 Ais whimper? Really, Kenton, what were you thinking?

 Chapter Thirty-Five The next day, Kenton woke with the same questions still fresh in his mind. It was as if he had spent the entirety of his dreams brooding over his problems, and as a result was left numb instead of refreshed. He sighed, rolling off the bunk and absently grabbing a handful of sand. He commanded it to life. Nothing happen—

The sand flashed to life. Kenton sat, staring at the sand before him, almost disbelieving. His powers had returned after just three days of waiting. He was a sand master again.

He almost dropped the sand pouch in his eagerness to retrieve another handful of sand. The mastrells had been wrong—he had now proven that fact twice. Overmastery did not burn away one’s powers. But, did it really make him stronger? He began to master ribbons, ordering them into the air. When the fourth handful of sand responded to his coaxings, he smiled

 broadly. After all of his setbacks, his mistakes, and his guessings, he had finally done something right. The fifth ribbon rose into the air as well, though only barely. He wasn’t nearly strong enough to get six.

Still, he was engulfed in a flurry of sand. Five ribbons spun according to his will, wrapping around him, filling his vision. He had heard other sand masters speak of the raw power they felt, the heightening of senses, the expansion of the mind, that came from controlling so many ribbons. With one, two, or even three ribbons his mind had always been dominant. He had used the sand like limbs, moving it like extensions of his arms. Now, however, there was more sand than he should be able to comprehend. He knew, somehow, that he shouldn’t be able to command the sand in five different directions at once. Yet he could.

It was as if the sand had its own consciousness—a consciousness that had no form until he gave it direction. However, with the slightest command from him, it moved, seeming to understand his orders without his needing to complete the thought. Holding the sand somehow expanded his mind. The sand itself

 became his mind—not in a sense of ability to think or reason, but more in the way it processed sensual information. It divided his concentration, allowing his mind to focus on several different tasks at once.

Up until that moment, Kenton had never understood the true potential of sand mastery. With so many ribbons hovering around him, sand mastery became less focused on control or domination. He didn’t master the sand so much as he became part of it. One being.

With a groan, Kenton released the sand, falling back on his bunk. The sand showered down against the wooden floor, black and stale. Kenton took a deep breath, suddenly feeling incredibly drained. Dividing his attention in such a way was exhausting. He finally understood why the more powerful sand masters sometimes ran out of energy before they ran out of water. Years of lessons flooded into his mind—lessons he had been forced to sit through year after year while he refused to take a sash.

If he divided his attention too much, he would quickly run out of strength. Instead, he should use his ribbons together, combining them into one or two larger

 streams. As long as he did this, his sand would function as it had before, just with more power.

Kenton shook his head in amazement. He hadn’t listened very well during such lessons, as he had assumed they would never apply to him. Most sand masters never got beyond two or three ribbons—once one hit five or six, he was approaching undermastrell or mastrell level.

Except, Kenton reminded himself, the mastrells must have all known the truth behind overmastery. That is why they could control two dozen ribbons, while the undermastrells could only control six.

Kenton could see how it must have happened. As soon as a student showed the rare ability to master seven or eight ribbons, the mastrells would give him the golden sash. Only then would they reveal the secret, the method of boosting a sand master’s power by two or three times. They kept the true strength of sand mastery for themselves. It had been a means of maintaining control over the Diem, and it had worked.

I have to share this, Kenton realized. The Diem might have lost its mastrells, but with this knowledge I can make even fens powerful.

 Then, however, he paused. He couldn’t tell the Diem —not yet. If he failed to protect their Profession, then the sand masters could very well end up mercenaries under Drile’s control. Kenton couldn’t afford to give them any more power than they already had. Besides, he would have to be very careful how he handled overmastery. One thing the masters had said was true —the process was very dangerous. It had nearly killed Kenton twice now. When he did tell the others about it, he would have to be careful to do it in a very controlled setting.

Still, the success was encouraging. Kenton smiled to himself as he dressed—or, at least, he smiled until he realized something. It wasn’t enough. Drile could control twenty-four ribbons—compared to such power, an increase from three to five was negligible. He had increased his power, but he was still ridiculously weak compared to Drile. The realization sliced away much of the euphoria surrounding his success.

Kenton sighed. What had he been expecting? An increase of even two ribbons was supposed to be impossible; had he really thought that he could make himself into a match for Drile in just three days? Yes,

 Kenton could now control five ribbons, but what good would it do him? Drile had years of experience splitting his consciousness to control multiple ribbons. There was little doubt who would win their contest.

Well, it will just have to be enough, Kenton decided. With five, he might last a little longer. If he had time, he could try overmastering again, but he doubted even that would bring much success. The first time it had happened he had jumped from one relatively weak ribbon to nearly being able to control four. This overmastery had provided less of an increase—he could barely control that fifth ribbon. He suspected that the amount he gained from overmastery would decrease each time he tried it—otherwise, the mastrells would never have been satisfied with just two dozen.

# Khriss drifted on the wisps of her dreams, trying to avoid the inevitability of consciousness. Something was tickling her foot, drawing her out of her peaceful land of restfulness, pulling her toward the real world. She kicked at the annoyance, trying to ignore it. Unfortunately, the more she did so, the more awake

 she became. Eventually she realized that if someone was tickling her, then someone must have snuck into her room.

She cried out at the indecency of the thought, immediately snapping awake and turning angry eyes at the invader. It turned out to be a shimmering line of sand. Khriss scooted back, pulling the flimsy sheet around her—the pitiful dayside excuse for a bed cover. Her curiosity, however, was more powerful than her indignation, and she refrained from snapping at Kenton. Instead, she watched the sand.

The glowing line, shedding light on the room she had darkened with a cloth over the porthole, came from underneath the door. As she watched, the tip of the snake-like construction moved forward. It almost seemed to feel its way across her bunk, as if it could convey some sense of touch back to its master. Perhaps it could—she’d never considered the possibility before.

The sand drew closer and closer, and Khriss frowned. Finally, she picked up a shoe and threw it against the door. To her satisfaction, she heard Kenton cry out in shock from the other side—he had probably

 been standing with his ear against the door. As he yelped, the sand fell dead, scattering her bunk and floor with dark sand.

“That hurt!” Kenton’s muffled voice exclaimed.

“You deserve it,” Khriss snapped back. “You should know better than to violate a lady’s privacy!"

She thought she heard a snort from the other side. “You want to see me invade?” he warned. Suddenly, the doorknob began to turn.

Khriss yelped in surprise. He wouldn’t dare ... yes he would. She hopped out of bed, holding the sheet around her barely-clothed body as she searched in the now-complete darkness for something to wear. “You’d better not open that door!” she yelled. “I’ve got another shoe!"

She heard chuckling from the other side. The door, however, did not open. I knew he wouldn’t do it, Khriss thought with relief.

“Hurry up,” Kenton’s voice chided. “We’re almost to Kezare."

Khriss didn’t respond. She finally located the porthole, and pulled the cover free. Light assaulted the room, burning into her face. She blinked against

 it, letting her eyes adjust. Eventually, the light seemed to recede, its raging power subduing slightly when it realized it couldn’t cow her. She was finally getting used to its brightness—it had only taken her a month.

With a sigh, Khriss pulled off her shift and began to wipe herself down with water from the covered basin at the foot of her bed. It was a crude method of washing, but it had to do until she could order herself a proper bath. Afterward she dressed in a light- colored robe with a slight yellow tinge to it, tying it at the waist. She realized that all of the robes she favored were actually men’s robes, but she just couldn’t force herself to wear the atrocities that were women’s clothing on dayside. The baggy, formless robes seemed designed to hide a woman’s form instead of accentuate it—as if being female were somehow shameful.

In a way, she liked how the men’s robes fit her. She could pull them tight at the waist and leave the top open just enough to reveal a hint of bosom. She could see them catching on in Elis, though she would need to add a little more color to them.

 She washed her hair as best she could in the basin of water, then combed it straight. The arid dayside heat would soon dry it, though she would have to go up top to make use of the sun. She smiled to herself— perhaps the sun was useful for something after all. Back on darkside, it often took hours to dry her hair. Here she could accomplish the same thing in a few short minutes.

Apparently, she was the last one up. She climbed the steps to find the deck already crowded. Kenton stood conferring with Delious by the bow, Cynder standing a short distance away, looking slightly forlorn. As much as he had complained about Acron, he obviously missed the man’s company.

Eric was on deck as well. He seemed to be competing with Ais to see who could stand with the stiffest back and flattest expression. Eric’s hand rested tensely on the pommel of the sword he now wore at his side—almost like he was worried that someone would try and take it from him. Baon was leaning against the starboard wale, regarding Eric with an interested eye. The large warrior nodded to Khriss as she achieved the deck.

 Khriss immediately noticed that Kenton had been wrong—they weren’t close to Kezare, they had already arrived. The island city sat right in front of them, and their ship was obviously preparing to dock.

“What happened?” Kenton asked, approaching. “Did you fall into the washing basin."

Khriss snorted, running a hand through her still-wet hair. “You have your sand back?"

Kenton nodded, raising a hand and calling a ribbon to life. He regarded his sand with a look of awe, almost worship. It was the kind of look Khriss had always longed to have a man give to her.

Silly girl, she told herself. Look at him—he’ll never feel that way about you. If Gevin found you annoying, then Kenton certainly must. Shella—he’s told you as much a dozen times over!

“So, how are you going to find the Lord General?” she said, trying to mask her pain and confusion—when had she begun to feel that way about Kenton?

“I don’t know,” Kenton confessed, letting the sand die as he turned contemplative eyes at the city.

Khriss watched him, wanting to help somehow. What good was she? She didn’t speak Lossandin, she didn’t

 know his culture—all she had done was pester him. Stop it, she told herself. You’ve done nothing but feel sorry for yourself since you found the prince. If Kenton gets annoyed with anything, it will be your self- pity. You want to help him. Well, think of something.

In the end, it was one of Baon’s lessons that came to her aid once again. “Kenton,” she said slowly, frowning to herself.

“Hum?” he asked, still staring at the city.

“I don’t think you have to find the Lord General."

He turned at this, a question on his face.

“I mean, not you personally,” Khriss explained. “Why not let the expert do it?"

“Expert?” he asked. Then he noticed her nodding to the side and followed the gesture with his eyes. Then he smiled.

# Ais watched the approaching city, perhaps even more eager than the Lord Mastrell to arrive. He had gone three days without word of Nilto. What would he find when he returned? He feared that the three-day hiatus would turn out to be all the criminal lord needed to finish his preparations and escape. Still, in

 a way, Ais would be glad to see him go. He would finally be able to bring back his family—this last week without them had been excruciating.

Only one more day, and I will be able to go back to my life, he told himself. And, in the end, it will be worth it. The Diem will be gone. I will have done both Lossand and the Sand Lord a service.

“How did you sleep, Ais?” a deceptively kind voice asked.

Ais turned distrustful eyes to find the Lord Mastrell standing behind him, the darksider woman at his side.

“Poorly,” he informed slowly. “What do you want, Ry’Kensha?"

“Nothing more than for you to do your job,” Kenton explained.

“I have never been one who likes games, Lord Mastrell,” Ais said. “What do you want of me?"

“Find the Lord General,” Kenton said.

“I’m here to observe you, perhaps protect you,” Ais replied. “I am not here to help you."

“It doesn’t matter what you’re here to do,” Kenton shot back. “You have a missing Taisha on your hands. Isn’t it your duty to find him? He could be in danger.”

 Ais paused. As infuriating as it was, the Lord Mastrell had a point. If the Lord General wasn’t in the Tower, and if he wasn’t with Vey, then something might be wrong.

Kenton smiled, seeing the debate in Ais’s face. “Where do we start?” he asked.

Insufferable sand master, Ais thought. We’ll see if your smile lasts through tomorrow. However, out loud he only said two words. “The Tower."

#

"Kenton!” The bellow was so loud it could only belong to one person.

Kenton looked across the Tower courtyard to where Gremt was approaching. There was something wrong with the Tower’s atmosphere. Men still trained in the courtyard, sparring with one another as always. There was a tenseness to their motions, however. They appeared almost formulaic—as if they were putting on a show. The Tower was hiding something, even Kenton could tell that much.

Kenton eyed the tower itself, the large stone structure in front of him. It was two stories tall, and unlike many dayside buildings didn’t have many

 windows. It had been built to be defensible. The two wings on either side housed barracks, the long arm- like structures forming the sides of the courtyard. Most of the Tower’s soldiers didn’t reside in Kezare, but in garrisons along the borders of Lossand. Though there was relative peace right now, they occasionally suffered raids from the Rim Kingdoms. Lossand might be a desert, but it at least had the river to provide sustenance—the Rim Kingdoms didn’t even have that.

Big Head arrived at a quick jog, puffing slightly to himself. The squat man looked worried, though he was trying—unsuccessfully—to cover the emotion. The Tower’s soldiers didn’t tend to be very good at deceit— perhaps that was why Kenton liked them so much.

“Where is Reegent?” Kenton asked simply.

Gremt tried to smile. “The Lord General? Why, he went south with Lord Vey."

“I just got back from Lraezare, Gremt,” Kenton said. “I brought Vey back with me—if Reegent went south on Vey’s ship, then he did so as a stowaway, because the Lord Merchant certainly didn’t realize he was there.”

 Gremt grimaced, sweat trickling down his broad face.

“Where is he?” Kenton repeated.

“We don’t know,” the general finally admitted. “He left without telling anyone. It’s not like him, Kenton. We’re worried."

“And you didn’t tell anyone?” Kenton asked pointedly.

“We didn’t want them involved,” Gremt said, nodding toward Ais.

Kenton sighed. The Tower’s soldiers and the Hall’s trackts had always resented one another. “This isn’t the time for Profession rivalry,” Kenton said. “I have to find Reegent before tomorrow or the Diem is lost."

Gremt sighed. “I wish I could help you. None of the Kelzin seem to know anything, though. We can’t think where he could have—"

“Show me to his room,” Ais said simply, walking over and breaking into the conversation.

Big Head gave the trackt a dark look, but then he sighed, looking back at Kenton. “This way,” he said. He led them toward the Tower proper, walking past groups of soldiers, all of whom gave Ais unflattering looks. The trackt ignored them. One other person,

 however, also had an effect on them—Eric. As soon as the soldiers realized who he was, they began to mumble with each other in low voices.

Kenton followed Gremt into the building, as did the others. Their group had shrunk considerably since their arrival. Khriss had sent Cynder with their things back to darksider town, and both Delious and Vey had gone their separate ways. Baon, as always, followed Khriss, who had insisted on accompanying Kenton to see how well her idea worked. Eric had almost vengefully declared it his ‘duty’ to protect his ‘old friend Kenton’ and had come as well. Kenton was beginning to suspect that part of Eric’s new persona was an act; a twisted way to make Kenton feel guilty for needing to be rescued. And, if guilt was Eric’s intention, then he was being successful.

Worry about that later, Kenton told himself. One grain at a time.

Gremt led them through a stone hallway to the Lord General’s suite at the back of the Tower. The room was large and expansive, a single large chamber rather than three separate ones like Kenton’s own rooms. They were simply decorated—despite his place

 in society, the Lord General was an austere man. The walls bore several carapace shields and weapons, and there were a few tapestries—remnants from the time Eric’s mother had lived her before her death several years before. Eric had never asked after her, even though he had been on darkside when the event happened.

“He was in here,” Gremt explained, “resting from his wounds."

“Wounds?” Kenton asked. Then he immediately remembered. “Ah, yes. The sandling."

Gremt nodded. “He didn’t like being bedridden, and was constantly hobbling around the Tower. The servants couldn’t keep him in his chambers."

Kenton stood back, regarding the room. Nothing looked unordinary to him—there was a sand mattress in the far corner, a few articles of carapace furniture, and a pitcher of wine on a low table beside the mattress.

Ais, however, wasn’t interested in the furniture. He was squatting close to the floor, frowning slightly.

#

 Ais wasn’t the Hall’s best crime scene investigator, but he had some experience. His own talent lay in organization—he could take a desk-full of information and interpret it, deciphering villains’ plans and motives, then plan an operation to stop them. However, every trackt was conversant in standard investigation procedures, and Ais was more competent than most.

Which was why he noticed the sand immediately.

Ais bent down, using his fingernail to scrape a bit of sand from the crack between two floor stones. He frowned as he rubbed the sand between his fingers. Sand couldn’t be escaped on dayside—it could generally be found in every crack and every corner of a room. Rarely, however, did one see sand that was black.

Kenton leaned down beside him, regarding the sand. “Sand mastery?” he asked with surprise.

Ais shook his head. As he rubbed the sand, bits of dark material flecked off of it. Dark red material. “Blood,” he said.

“What!” the large-headed general exclaimed.

 Ais ignored him. Blood, like water or other liquids, would turn sand black. However, the one who had spilt this blood had taken care to clean the floor well. The room didn’t even bear its scent. Ais knew the work of professionals when he saw it—it was likely that the Lord General was in serious trouble.

Well, sand master, you were right about one thing, he thought a he stood, looking over the rest of the room. Something else bothered him.

“Why is there no sheet on the sand mattress?” he asked.

The warrior looked over with surprise. “No sheet?” he asked. “I suppose there isn’t."

“The Lord General used one, I assume,” Ais pressed. “I think so."

“What kind of sheet was it?” Ais asked simply.

“Why would that matter?” the warrior huffed.

Ais turned, giving him a practiced ‘I know what I’m doing, so kindly stop being an idiot’ look.

The warrior blushed. “It was ShalRim, I assume,” he replied. “The Lord General preferred it over darkside materials.”

 Ais turned eyes over the room, increasingly worried. ShalRim was a smooth, soft material, but it was also incredibly strong. “They probably couldn’t have gotten him out of the Tower,” he said. “There were too many guards. He might still be here somewhere."

“Where then?” Kenton asked.

Ais frowned, trained instincts leading him along. There was blood on the floor, but not on the mattress. They hadn’t killed him in his sleep, but they had taken him somewhere. They hadn’t made any demands—it wasn’t a kidnapping. Extortion, then? Or, perhaps, interrogation?

“Is there a basement to the tower?” he asked. Gremt shook his head. “No, not really."

“Explain,” Ais said.

“Well,” the warrior said, “there is the chilling cellar, for the Lord General’s wine. It’s not used very often ... ."

“Take me there,” Ais said, nodding toward the door.

The large-headed general obviously didn’t like the idea of taking orders from a trackt, but he did comply, his eyes confused and a little apprehensive. He led them a short distance down another of the Tower’s

 small hallways. Eventually, he pulled open a small carapace door and nodded toward a set of stairs leading down into darkness. Ais could see why the cellar wasn’t often used—the servants would avoid coming to such a place whenever possible. No daysider, even Ais, could descend into darkness without feeling a touch of claustrophobic fear. Daysiders lived, slept, and worked every day of their lives in direct or near-direct sunlight. Even standing in the well-lit Tower hallway was disconcerting, for there was no window in sight.

“Come on,” Ais said simply, years of training and practice allowing him to squish his fears and emotions behind a stoic trackt’s face. However, even as he said the words, pulling a lantern off the wall, he felt his emotions rising. The darkness was like his own threatening madness, the rage of emotions that hovered just beyond the light of his consciousness. That first step into gloom, walking down the stairs, nearly caused him to snap.

The following steps were easier, however. The rage was very close—Ais could feel it. It made his hand quiver in fright. He did not let it out. Not this time.

 As he made his way down the steps, however, the others following with nervous steps, Ais realized his mistake. The lantern he was carrying sputtered weakly. He should have chosen one stronger. The oil was running out.

Ais froze on the steps, watching the flame begin to die with horror. The were halfway down the stone staircase now, far from the light and freedom above. As the flame flickered, the darkness approached, bringing with it madness. Ais barely had time to look up as the darkness swept over him.

Rage. Pain. Anger. Fear. Madness ... .

The stairway was suddenly bathed in light. Ais blinked in surprise, his mind completely stunned. Where ... ?

He turned around slowly to find Kenton wrapped in a shimmering wave of sand. Ais had assumed that never in his life would he be grateful for sand mastery, but at that moment he felt a glimmer of relief. He had been near to snapping.

“I know,” Kenton said with a frown, “you hate sand mastery. But honestly, Ais, would you rather stumble around in the dark? Chastise me later.”

 Ais turned around, giving the Lord Mastrell no sign of just how wrong he had been. They continued down the staircase, which eventually led to a closed carapace door. Ais pushed the door open with an apprehensive hand, worried at what he would find. Unfortunately, this time he was right.

Reegent, Lord General of Lossand, hung tied by strips of ShalRim cloth from one of the racks on the far wall. His eyes stared forward blankly, his arms and legs stretched out, his wrists and ankles bloodied from obvious attempts to escape. One leg bore a splint. His face was frozen in a twisted expression of horror.

There were several gasps from behind him, then the Tower soldier pushed his way through to rush to the dead Taisha’s side. “My Lord!” he wept, feeling Reegent’s neck for a pulse. The look on the man’s face, however, had been enough to tell Ais what he needed to know.

“What’s wrong with his eyes?” Kenton whispered, his voice sickened.

Ais stepped forward, gently pushing aside the weeping general. He studied Reegent’s dead face closely. “The eyelids have been cut off,” he said.

 There also appeared to be some sort of white mucus around Reegent’s cold lips. “He was drugged as well."

“Drugged?” Kenton asked.

“Kamo,” Ais said. “A Kershtian herb. It heightens emotions—or, in this case, fears."

“You mean?” Kenton said.

Ais nodded. “They tied him up here, in the darkness. Then they drugged him with Kamo, cut off his eyelids so he couldn’t try to hide from the horrors his mind conjured. Then, I suspect, they lit the candles you see in the corners of the room. There is a different sized pile of wax for each—I would suspect that the candles were each of a different length."

Ais paused, trying to keep the terror out of his voice. He could almost imagine what it would be like ... . He continued in a whisper. “Reegent was forced to watch as the candles burned away one by one, slowly plunging him further into darkness. The larger the shadows became, the more frenzied his mind became, until he was finally left with no light at all. With two doors and such a long staircase, I doubt there was any chance someone would hear him screaming. The Lord General died trapped beneath his own palace. I

 suspect that if we check the body, we will find that it didn’t die from blood loss or dehydration, but pure terror."

It was a sick, almost demonic thing to do to someone. Ais only knew of one person so evil and demented. But, what reason would Sharezan have to kill the Lord General?

Ais’s mind, finding refuge in its analytical side, continued to digest the scene, trying to keep him from focusing on the shadows in his own mind. One thing bothered him. “Why did they break his leg?” he wondered, looking at the splint. “And, when they did, why did they bother to set it afterward?"

Kenton shook his head, looking a little stunned. “They didn’t do that,” he said absently. “He broke his leg fighting a sandling on the deep sands."

Ais frowned. What was bothering him? What possible reason could Sharezan have to kill Reegent? Usually, Sharezan reserved such horrible punishments for...

For those who betrayed him.

Ais’s eyes flashed to the leg again. Reegent would have walked with a limp, he realized. What if he was

 the traitor? What if Reegent was the one who sent me the letter, who tried to meet with me in the old building. I heard the limp, and thought it was Nilto . ...

Reegent must have been a member of Shaerezan’s network. The Lord General himself, a part of Kezare’s criminal underworld. He had probably been an important figure, one extremely dangerous to Sharezan. And, when he had tried to get out, Ais had abandoned him.

Ais closed his eyes in pain, shaking his head slightly. He had been so close. If he had been a little less nervous, a little less stupid, he could have not only saved the Lord General’s life, but had a powerful witness against Nilto as well.

I am such an idiot!

# Kenton couldn’t comprehend doing something so terrible to another human being. What kind of person was capable of such an atrocity? It had been difficult enough to walk down the steps, but to leave a man hanging here, in the darkness to die?

 Kenton turned with apprehension. Eric still stood in the doorway, looking at his father’s corpse with sad eyes. Then, he close his eyes for a short moment, as if trying to clear the sight from his head. Suddenly, Eric turned away and walked back up the staircase.

Ais had found another lantern and lit it, and a moment later Kenton was able to let most of his ribbons die. His lessons had been right—controlling five ribbons wasn’t much different than controlling one, as long as he didn’t focus on multiple tasks at once.

“It’s so, so ...” Khriss’s Dynastic voice rang in the small room, despite the quietude of her words.

“I know,” Kenton said. She had pulled up beside him, regarding Reegent’s corpse with sad eyes.

“Poor Eric,” she whispered.

Kenton nodded. Then, in a twisted way, his determined mind forced him to realize something else. Reegent’s death was more than just a blow to the Tower, it was dire problem for the Diem as well. He turned, using a ribbon of sand to light their way as he gently pulled Khriss from the room and began to walk back up to the main floor. Reegent had been one of his

 most certain votes. Now that he was dead, the Tower’s support wasn’t so certain. In fact, it looked doubtful.

If Kenton remembered correctly, since Reegent left no heir, the other generals would have to vote on a new Lord General. And, unfortunately, the overwhelming majority of the generals of Lossand were kelzin—men who would have much to profit from the Diem’s destruction. Their one vote could destroy all of Kenton’s work over the last two weeks.

There is another way, his mind whispered.

Kenton shook his head. He didn’t want to think about that. Unfortunately, he couldn’t afford not to. He had too much responsibility, too many people depending on him, to ignore such a possibility. There was another way—a certain way to get the Tower’s vote. Kenton stepped through the doorway at the staircase’s top. Eric stood a short distance away, hand gripping the hilt of his sheathed sword. He looked up, and met Kenton’s eyes.

There was no legal means of disinheritance in Lossand. No matter what Reegent had said, if Eric wanted to claim the Lord Generalship, he could do so.

 The Law said he had one day to make his claim, otherwise he would lose the opportunity.

Eric and Kenton stared at one another. Eric’s eyes seemed to plead with his friend. Please, they asked, please don’t ask me.

Kenton stood uncertainly, the weight of his responsibility constricting his chest. Could he do such a thing? Could he destroy a man who had been his friend, even if his Profession depended on it? Eric’s psyche was unstable—Kenton could see Eric’s body quivering. The events of the last few days—the return to the sword, and now the sudden death of his father— were almost more than Eric could bear. And now, Kenton found he had to lay another incredible burden on his friend.

I’m sorry, Eric, he realized. But I have to ask. Too much depends on this vote to pass this opportunity. He wished to the sands he didn’t have to do it.

“Eric,” he whispered hoarsely, “will you become Lord General so you can vote for the Diem tomorrow?"

Eric shut his eyes in pain, exhaling sharply, as if he had been punched in the stomach. “Yes,” he

 whispered back. When he opened his eyes, they were cold. He turned stiffly, and walked away.

 Chapter Thirty-Six Khriss watched, feeling chilled as Eric left. She hadn’t understood their words, but she had felt the tension between them. For a brief moment she thought for certain that Eric would break down into tears. Instead, he had returned to his statuesque emotionless of the days before. Only this time, it had been worse. There had been a vengeful glint in his eyes. What had Kenton said to him?

“Kenton,” she whispered. “What is going on?"

Kenton shook his head. “I’ve just done a very, very bad thing."

“What?"

“I’ve destroyed a man who was once my friend,” he whispered. His eyes looked stunned, as if he couldn’t believe what he had just done. He looked down at her, shaking his head slightly. “Why didn’t anyone ever warn me the price I would have to pay for being Lord Mastrell?”

 Khriss didn’t know how to respond. So, she simply too his hand in hers, trying to offer what comfort she could without repeating her disgraceful behavior of before.

Ais climbed up the steps behind them, accompanied by Baon and the dayside general. The trackt said something, and Kenton nodded, replying curtly.

“Kenton,” Khriss asked. “What did you say?"

“Ais needs to go back to the Hall to report this,” he said. “I told him to go."

“No,” Khriss corrected. “I mean to Eric."

Kenton shook his head. “I asked him to be Lord General. Come on, let’s go back to the Diem. I need to think."

# Kenton pounded the side of the small boat in frustration. They crossed the calm lake-waters, heading toward the Diem, but Kenton’s emotions were not so peaceful. He kept wondering what else he could have done. Was there a way he could have saved Eric? Perhaps he could have waited to see who the kelzi chose as a replacement, then tried to make a deal with him. Maybe he could have convinced the Lady

 Judge that Reegent had supported the Diem, and so his desires should have been a valid vote in Kenton’s favor.

Unfortunately, Kenton realized how contrived—or even silly—most of his other options sounded. In the end, he knew he had made the right decision. The right decision for the Diem, at least. What else could he do? His feelings, and even those of his friends, were secondary when it came to protecting those under his charge. He hadn’t asked Eric to do anything inherently wrong or immoral; many would argue that he had done Eric a favor.

But, Kenton doubted that was the case. He had watched Eric over these last few weeks, and had come to realize the missasumptions of his childhood. He hadn’t ever really known Eric—he had know the fake Eric, the Eric that Reegent had created. Eric’s true personality had been hidden. And, Kenton realized, he liked the real Eric better. He was a bit more contrary and a lot more irresponsible, but perhaps responsibility wasn’t for everyone. Eric had a kind of unhinged optimism that had been helpful in its own way.

 Kenton had killed that Eric. He had seen the coldness in the this Eric’s eyes—the despair. It had been the hopeless despair of a man resigned to his course. Kenton feared that he might never see the real Eric again.

This had better be worth it, he thought bitterly. I didn’t ask to be Lord Mastrell, but I have done my best.

The boat pulled into a shoreside dock, and they began to climb out. As they did so, Baon caught Kenton’s eye. The warrior looked ... unsettled.

“Is something bothering you, Baon?” Kenton asked with a frown.

“The murder,” Baon said. “No one thought to ask why this Lord General was killed."

Kenton shrugged. “That is for the trackts to determine,” he said. “I doubt it has anything to do with us."

“Can you be certain?” Baon asked.

“What do you mean?"

“It was very convenient for your enemies that one of your strongest supporters was murdered the day before the vote,” Baon explained.

 Kenton paused. “The Kershtians wouldn’t do that,” he guessed. “Their vendetta is with me. I don’t think it would be morally acceptable for them to randomly start killing my supporters."

“Are you certain they think that way?” Baon asked pointedly. “Because, honestly sand master, if I were your enemy, those Taisha would be the first people I went after. Kill enough of them, and they’ll learn not to support the Diem."

“I’m certain Ais has considered that possibility, Baon,” Kenton said.

“How certain?” Baon replied. “Even the best men make oversights, sand master."

Kenton frowned. There wasn’t a good possibility of it —even the A’Kar’s assassins would be hesitant to start murdering Taishin. At least, any that weren’t sand masters. But, there was a possibility. Delious, Rite, and the others could be in danger.

“You head back to the Diem,” he said to the others, waving for the boatman not to leave. “I’ll go and see what Ais thinks."

#

 Ais opened the door to his chambers with a sigh. The Lady Judge had immediately assigned a team to investigate Reegent’s death—and, just as immediately, she had told Ais that the matter was no longer his concern. He was to head back to the Lord Mastrell as soon as he filled out a report detailing everything he had seen that had led him to find the Lord General’s body.

He sat down at the desk, rifling through several stacks of dark paper to find the right form. He had barely started, however, when a frantic knock came at his door.

“Yes?” he asked with a frown, standing.

Tain pushed open the door. “Ais!” he exclaimed. “I can’t believe you’re back."

“What is it, Tain?” he asked.

“It’s Sharezan, sir!” the man exclaimed. “We found him!"

“What?” Ais exclaimed with surprise.

“You weren’t here, sir,” Tain explained, “so I organized the raid myself. We’re about ready to move —several teams are already in position. When we heard you were back, we decided to wait and see if you

 wanted to join the raid. I know you have a personal interest in this one, sir."

Ais looked down at the stacks of paper, then dropped the form and stood. “Let’s go,” he said, feeling eagerness rise in his chest.

Tain and he rushed from the Hall, Ais in a stupor of excitement. After all this time! “You did well, Tain. I have always been impressed with your thoroughness. How did you do it?"

“It was Lokmlen,” Tain explained. “The man you caught two weeks ago. He finally broke and told us where Shaerezan’s safehouse is. We’ve got him cornered. We kept the entire operation secret, even from the rest of the Hall. We didn’t want Sharezan to hear."

Ais allowed himself a slight smile. The Lady Judge must have known about the operation, but she hadn’t said anything. She didn’t want him going on the raid. But, because she hadn’t mentioned it, she also hadn’t ordered him not to go. The Lord Mastrell could do without him for a short time.

Tain handed Ais a zinkall, which he strapped on as they made their way into the merchant district of

 Kezare. Here, there were large buildings used for storage. Tain led him toward one of them. “The squad is in here,” he said, motioning furtively toward an open door.

Ais followed him through the door and into a large, darkened room. A few insufficient windows shed light down toward the floor, creating spots of illumination on the empty ground. Ais stepped forward hesitantly, searching for signs of occupation. He didn’t seen any trackts. However, at that moment, he heard something. He looked up with surprise, seeing a form moving in the shadows on a second floor catwalk.

“Tain, we’ve been betrayed!” Ais hissed turning toward the door.

The exit shut suddenly. “Yes,” Tain’s voice sad, “you have."

Ais turned slowly. Tain stood in a spot of light a short distance away. Several armed men were walking out of the shadows to join him. Ais recognized one of their faces—Lokmlen.

“You sold yourself to them,” he hissed at Tain.

“No, actually,” Tain said conversationally, his arms clasped behind his back. Then Ais noticed something

 —the other men in the room, they were standing around Tain deferentially. Almost as if ... he were in charge.

“You?” Ais asked incredulously.

Tain smiled, nodding his head slightly. “What better cover for a criminal, Ais, then as a trackt? The identity has served me well over the years."

Ais sat stupefied. All of his plans and operations— Sharezan had been privy to them the entire time. The very man he had been searching for all these years had been a member of his personal band. Of course, it made sense, in a way. He had always thought that Sharezan moved too quickly in response to Ais’s attacks.

“Aisha!” Ais cursed.

“Indeed,” Tain agreed.

“You knew about everything,” Ais said.

“I did,” Tain said. “Of course, sometimes you moved too quickly even for me to do anything. You really do have an ... energetic mind, Ais."

“And I always thought you would turn out to be Nilto,” Ais mumbled.

 “Nilto?” Tain asked with surprise. “That is the one you suspected? Amazing—I should have seen it. We all knew that you had your suspicions, but no one could pry them out of you. I tried for years—it would have been very convenient to know. I would have gladly have framed Nilto for you, had I known that he was the one you suspected."

“And the threats on my family ...” Ais said, still dumbfounded. Tain had sent them all. In fact, Ais remembered with a curse, Tain had been at the Diem both days notes had been delivered through Kenton. He should have seen, he should have suspected ... .

“I have to say, Ais,” Tain said, walking slowly, his hands still clasped behind his back, “even knowing everything you are going to do, it has been difficult to stay ahead of you. No matter what I did, you slowly chipped away at my empire. And now, I barely have anything left."

“You are a monster,” Ais mumbled. Tain had a gleam in his eye—a dangerous, insane gleam. Ais had seen the same look in his own eyes. “What you did to the Lord General ... .”

 “You liked that?” Tain asked, looking up with a smile. “It was one of my better projects. Reegent has always had a horrible fear of darkness; he was even worse than the rest of us. Once you know a man’s weakness, well, the rest of the project just sort of builds itself, doesn’t it?"

Tain continued to walk. He paused a few feet in front of Ais. “You’ve nearly destroyed me, Ais,” he confessed. “You’ve done so well, in fact, that I’ve decided to accept my losses and take a little time off. Only a few years, of course.” Suddenly his eyes turned hard. “I would rather not have to deal with you when I return."

Ais set his jaw, staring Tain proudly in the eyes. Whatever Tain did, Ais knew he had won. He had driven the criminal overlord of Kezare to bury himself like a frightened tonk. “Kill me then,” he said.

Tain smiled. “Oh, no, Ais. I’ve been planning your project for some time now. I was half-afraid I would never get to use it. I considered killing you a dozen different times, but I always knew that was the wrong choice. It was far better to have one trackt chasing me, even a superior one like yourself, than to enrage

 the entire Hall. You, at least, I could watch.” Tain paused. “Now, however, I have to leave anyway. My cover is ruined. The only blessing in this is that I can finally do to you as I have always dreamed."

Ais began to get nervous. Oh, Ker’Naisha, please just let him kill me.

“Every man has at least one line of instability, Ais,” Tain said, continuing to pace. “It has long been a study of mine to look at these flaws. They are what makes us unique, but at the same time they are our greatest weaknesses. Like the cleavage point of a fine gem, even the slightest pressure to one of these faults is enough to make us shatter.” Tain turned chilling, intense eyes on Ais. “I have become quite good at making men shatter, Ais.

“With you, it is easy. We all know about your instability—the entire Hall knows. Ais, the man who keeps his emotions wound so tightly, when they come out, they explode. Most of them pity you, in one way or another."

Ais ground his teeth, careful to keep himself in control. This man would not get the better of him. He wouldn’t give Sharezan the satisfaction.

 “What most of them don’t know, Ais, is what it is that makes you so unstable."

Ais froze. Tain was smiling broadly now.

“It’s the conflict, Ais,” Tain explained. “Are you a trackt, or are you a Kershtian? Are you a believer, or a sinner?” Tain paused. “Are you a cold-hearted warrior, or a loving father."

Ais hissed. “No,” he whispered.

“I’ve been taking good care of them, Ais, don’t worry,” Tain defended. “But, unfortunately things have to change. You see, Ais, I know exactly where your point of instability is. I’m going to have to tap it ever so gently."

“No!” Ais screamed.

Tain smiled. Ais shot him.

The zinkall, however, only let loose a hiss of pressure. The arrow didn’t fire.

“Never accept a weapon from someone you don’t trust, Ais,” Tain warned. “Oh, wait. You did trust me. Never mind, then.” The former trackt turned to Lokmlen, and the man nodded, walking into the darkness. Ais heard a door open and shut off to the side.

 “Now, as for our project,” Tain said. “Lokmlen has affably agreed to take part in our little experiment. He has set up a firetrap at a local building—an orphanage, I believe. They always make the best targets— everyone gets so emotional, yet none of them are really upset to see the poor children go. You were raised in an orphanage, weren’t you Ais?"

Ais didn’t respond. he was feeling his rage begin to build, feeling his control begin to slip. No ... this isn’t happening . . . .

“Anyway,” Tain continued. “Lokmlen is going to set the firetrap off himself. Dozens will die—perhaps hundreds, if the fire gets out of control. You may follow him, if you wish. I’ll even tell you where he’s going. It is the same orphanage you were raised in— the one on the east side of the market. You can also try and find another trackt, or someone else to try and stop him. But, you know, I doubt you’ll be able to let yourself do that. You always have been so avid about maintaining control; you never let anyone else do anything."

Ais ground his teeth. He could feel his body shaking.

 “Now,” Tain said, looking Ais straight in the eye. “I am going to go kill your daughter. You may follow me and try to stop me if you wish. That is your decision, Ais—duty or family. Do you save the hundreds you don’t know, or the one that you love? I would choose quickly, if I were you. You may leave in one minute."

Tain turned, and walked toward the back of the room. Ais screamed and threw himself toward the man, but strong hands held him back.

“No fair cheating, Ais,” Tain warned. “You have one minute to contemplate your decision."

And he left.

Ais struggled against those gripping him, but he couldn’t see them. His vision was growing dark and red, and there was a powerful rushing sound in his ears. The rage of emotions came upon him all at once. He laughed hysterically and sobbed in pain at the same time.

Unfortunately, he retained just enough of his consciousness to remember the choice before him. He battled against it, for once welcoming the loss of control. Maybe if the emotions took him, he wouldn’t

 have to choose. He wouldn’t have to make such a terrible, terrible choice.

The hands released him, but he stood frozen in paradox. He slumped to the ground, wailing in torment. But still, he couldn’t avoid it. Duty loomed before him. His daughter or hundreds of others? If he wasted time, all of them would die. He couldn’t think. He couldn’t plan.

And so, with a cry of dismay, Ais crawled to his feet and stumbled toward the door. The door Lokmlen had taken.

Outside, he was confronted by the light. The sun shone down on him with dissatisfaction. Ais could feel the Sand Lord’s vengeful heat pushing down on him, crushing him beneath its power. Still, he struggled on.

The area was relatively unpopulated, and passers-by shied away from Ais, frightened by the wild uncontrol they saw in his face. He pushed his way through them, heading east. He had to find another trackt. Somewhere, there was someone who would help him. Then he could turn back and go after Tain.

Sand Lord take them! Ais cursed to himself, feeling the tears streaming down his cheeks. Where are all

 the trackts! They should be patrolling. They should be ....

He stumbled through an alley and onto a street running to Portside. Here, he caused quite a stir. The crowds began to stare, fear and curiosity in their eyes. Ais pushed through them, his hands like ragged claws. Where were the trackts?

“Step aside!"

The voice was like a blurred mumble in Ais’s ears, but he turned toward it, some part of his increasingly feral mind recognizing the authority he heard therein. A trackt, tall and Lossandin with a frown on his face, shoved his way to the front of the crowd. He saw Ais, and his face grew amazed.

“Senior Ais!” he exclaimed. “Are you wounded?"

Ais stumbled toward him, grabbing the front of the man’s uniform in shaking hands. “Go!” he hissed.

The man’s eyes opened wide. “Senior Ais?” he asked. “What is going on?"

Ais tried to speak, but his mind was too clouded, his words too slurred. His voice came out like a croak. He watched the man with despair, trying to force the words through his mouth. Unfortunately, all he could

 think of was little Melly. He had abandoned her. He was a horrible person. He was a horrible trackt. How had he deluded himself all these years? How had he dared marry, and pull innocents into the void that was Ais?

He groaned. Another trackt had joined the first, and he caught Ais as he began to slip toward the ground. The two men were talking worriedly with one another —Ais had lost the ability to understand what they were saying.

What have I done?

The trackts began to push their way through the people, towing Ais in the direction of the Hall. He let them tow him, his mind a whirling tempest of pain, humiliation, and guilt.

No! A piece of him wailed.

Faces stared down at him, their eyes amazed. Was this really senior trackt Ais? The man respected across Kezare, the model of control and strength?

No!

A man with no sense of duty. A man who failed when the lives of others were in danger. A disgrace of a trackt.

 No!

The sun stared down at him. Powerful, always in control. He stared up at its warmth. Poor, pathetic Ais. Control didn’t matter. Reputation didn’t matter. Lives did matter.

Rise.

“No!” Ais yelled, pushing himself out of the trackts’s grip. He stumbled to his feet and grabbed the nearest one, pulling him close.

“The orphanage on east side, the one next to the sandling pens. It’s in danger. Look for a firebomb. Go!"

The man stumbled back as Ais released him. He stared at Ais with confused eyes. A second later, however, he saluted and rushed away. The second man stood for a moment beneath Ais’s commanding glare then followed him.

Ais turned to the west, feeling his body grow numb. He had to go on. He was too late, he knew. He had wasted too much time, but he had to go on. Instinctively, he knew where Tain would be. Where Melly would be. He had studied Sharezan so long that he understood the man’s mind.

 With shuffling, barely controlled feet, Ais began to stumble toward his own house.

# Ais had regained much of his control by the time he reached his home street. The rage and fear were gone —for once, he had actually pushed them back. He knew the victory was a fleeting one, however. The guilt and despair he felt were growing far more powerful than the rage ever had been. He had done his duty, but he had failed his family. It had taken too long. He knew what he would find inside his house, and he was afraid of what it would do to him.

He rushed forward, wishing he could run and hide, wishing he wouldn’t have to see what he would find inside his home. The squat building appeared as he rounded a corner. Quiet, dead. The door was slightly open.

I don’t want to see! Ais thought with despair. His legs, however, continued to pull him forward.

He wandered toward his home, mindless, barely seeing the buildings and people around him. He walked up the steps on stiff legs. He knew what he would see. He pushed open the door anyway.

 The room was sprayed with blood. It pooled on the floor, droplets of it scattered across the walls. Destruction. And there, in the direct center of the floor, was the body.

Tain’s body. A small pile of black sand sat on his chest.

“Ais?” a voice asked.

Ais turned stunned eyes upward. Kenton strode from the back bedroom, glowing and white, like the sun itself, brilliant cloak flapping behind him. In his arms he held a small form. She was frightened, her eyes wide with fear, but she was alive.

Melly cried out when she saw Ais. Kenton carried her forward and put her down. Ais’s legs gave out. He slumped to his knees, wrapping his arms around his daughter and burying his head in her hair, weeping shamelessly.

# Kenton stood with confusion.

“How, sand master,” Ais whispered. “How?"

“I came looking for you,” Kenton explained. “You weren’t at the Hall, so I came here; I remembered it from the time we went to meet that man who you

 thought would betray Sharezan. No one was home, so I left. But, as I was leaving, I saw someone coming down the street with a large sack. Something about him made me suspicious—he had a trackt’s uniform on, and the sack looked suspicious. So, I watched. He opened the door to your house and came in, and I followed."

Ais continued to hold the girl—his daughter. That fact alone had stupefied Kenton. Ais had a family?

“Who was he, Ais?” Kenton asked. “He attacked me as soon as I entered. I thought he was another assassin, and I killed him with barely a thought—I assumed my sand would just bounce off him, like the others. Then I found the girl in the sack."

Ais didn’t answer the question, he just continued to rock back and forth, holding the girl, crying openly.

“Thank you, sand master,” Ais whispered. “Thank you."

Kenton nodded. He wasn’t certain how to react—he felt like he was intruding on something. He didn’t leave, however. Ais had protected him a number of times—he owed it to the trackt to help him if necessary.

 # Kenton returned to the Diem a few hours later, tired from his exertions. He had stayed and talked with Ais for some time. Apparently, the man Kenton had killed had been none other than Sharezan—the one who had killed the Lord General.

Once he had assured himself that Ais wasn’t in any more danger, Kenton had gone to visit the Hall and asked them to prepare some legal documents for him to sign. Whatever happened in the day to come, he wanted his promises to the other Taishin to be firm. Because of those documents, the Lord Mastrell— whomever he may be—would be forced to deliver sand master workers to the Draft and the Tower.

The Diem was quiet as he walked through the entry hall and into the courtyard. Kenton frowned, checking the moon. He hadn’t realized how late it was—he barely had time to get some sleep before ... before the next day. His eyes shot uncomfortably toward the Pit. It sat like a large stone, immovable. No matter how much Kenton pushed, he wouldn’t be able to avoid it.

He had almost forgotten about the duel in the day’s excitement. Now, however, his nervousness returned.

 In a few short hours he would face Drile. In a few short hours it would all be over. The attack that had begun with a single arrow through Praxton’s chest would end with a death by sand.

Suddenly, Kenton wished he had been raised a religious man. The Ker’reen would never have accepted him, he knew, but he wished he had something. Some sort of knowledge that there was goodness in the world, a force that would recognize what he had done and bless the contest. He feared that without some supernatural help, he was certainly doomed. Drile’s power was incomprehensible.

He turned toward his room, raising himself to the balcony with his sand. He didn’t know if there was something out there more powerful than man, but he said a silent prayer to it anyway. It couldn’t hurt.

With that he made his way to his sleeping room and lay down on the sand mattress, letting his tired body rest.

Tomorrow it will all be over.

 Chapter Thirty-Seven Khriss had never seen the Diem so busy. Hundreds, perhaps thousands, of people milled through its halls, pushing toward its courtyard. Most of them wore the bright robes of kelzin. They spoke with one another eagerly, and Khriss could feel their excitement.

Khriss watched them distastefully. They had probably never been to the Diem in their lives. They cared little for the sand masters or their leader—they only knew that the duel wasn’t an event to be missed. To them, it was a social occasion. A twisted sport of some kind. They were no better than ... well, Elisian nobles.

She stood with Cynder, Baon, and N’Teese, uncertain how to even get into the building. It was even busier than the marketplace. Baon, however, took one look at the crowd and began walking to the right. Khriss followed with a frown. “Where are we going?” she asked.

 “Never use the front door, duchess,” Baon said, pointing to another opening on the right side of the building. There was no crowd there.

Through the side entrance they were able to make their way to the courtyard. It soon became evident, however, that reaching the building in the center—the Pit, as Kenton called it—would prove more difficult. People were trying to crowd their way through its small door. A couple of trackts stood at the entrance, keeping them back.

Suddenly, the crowd grew quiet. Khriss followed their stares, noting a figure standing on a third floor balcony. It wasn’t Kenton, but a handsome man with firm features and dark brown hair. He called sand around himself, and for the first time Khriss realized what Kenton meant when he said he lacked power.

Drile could control so much sand that he looked like a glowing sandstorm. Khriss could barely see his form in the middle of the vortex—sand streaked out like wild bolts of electricity, flipping and spinning around him. He dropped to the bottom floor, and immediately the crowd pulled away tensely. The walking hurricane moved

 forward, and people scattered before him. The trackts stepped aside, letting him into the Pit.

Such power! Khriss though with amazement. Drile’s movement had created its own wind, blowing sand across the entire courtyard and into the eyes of the kelzin. Even from a distance Khriss had felt a sort of electrical energy from the man, and it had made her skin feel chilled, her hair stand on end.

Kenton, what were you thinking? She thought incredulously. This is the man you’re going to fight?

# Kenton watched Drile’s performance with a frown. He waited for some sarcastic comment from Eric, but none came. He almost looked to the side before remembering that Eric wasn’t there any more. He stood alone in his rooms.

So lonely, he thought with a shake of his head. He had sent Dirin away and turned Eric against him. How had his father been able to stand it, living in these huge rooms by himself? No one to share his life? No friends, no family?

Immediately, Kenton’s eyes fell on the crowd below. Had she come? Yes, she had. He saw Baon’s

 unmistakable black-skinned form standing near the south entrance. Kenton almost wished Khriss had decided not to watch the fight. He didn’t want her to see what would happen to him.

Well, there is no use in putting it off, Kenton told himself. His hand was shaking slightly as he reached out for his sand and called it to life. The crowd looked up at him, but they weren’t nearly as awed by his descent as they were by Drile’s. His five ribbons looked weak, almost insignificant, compared to Drile’s sheer power.

Still, the crowd pulled back from him, and he sent a ribbon to the side, using it to clear a path for Khriss and the others. The crowd moved back from the sand—they had come to see him die, but they still didn’t trust sand mastery.

Khriss followed the line of sand, her eyes mournful as she came within a few steps of Kenton. So, you finally realized, did you? Kenton thought. He tried to smile as she reached him, but it came out as a grimace.

“Kenton ...” she said. Then she gave him a quiet hug— a desperate hug.

“I’ll be fine,” he mumbled unconvincingly.

 A hand fell on his shoulder. He turned to find Baon looking down at him.

“It takes a true warrior to fight a battle he knows he cannot win,” the soldier explained. “Sometimes, the good our fighting does is its own victory. You have my respect, sand master."

Kenton nodded, trying to keep that sentiment foremost in his mind. I will not die for nothing, he told himself. My life was traded for stability. If I hadn’t stopped Drile, the Diem would never have had a chance.

He turned to regard the Pit. The crowd stood to either side, pulling away to form a path to the building. Well, let’s at least make a good show of it, Kenton thought, turning to stride determinedly toward the Pit.

The trackts let him pass, and he walked into the room. The benches were filled with sand masters and kelzin. Apparently, because of Kenton hadn’t responded to the requests for seats, the kelzin had simply decided that those who had seats in the Hall to watch trials also deserved seats to watch the fight. As a result, the hundred or so who had managed to get places in the Pit were among the most powerful, rich, and influential

 people in Lossand. They clapped sporadically as Kenton entered, as if he were some sort of performer.

The rest of the Pit was filled with sand masters. There were perhaps three hundred seats surrounding the sand below, and every one had a body in it—with one small exception. A group of trackts held a line of seats near the front—a place for the Taishin. They would have a very good view of the fight.

“I had no idea I was so popular,” Kenton mumbled, looking over the crowd. He turned to Khriss. “Are you sure you want to watch this?” he asked.

She nodded.

“It might be ... gruesome,” Kenton warned.

“I have to be here, Kenton,” she insisted, looking into his eyes.

He nodded slowly. He turned eyes on the crowd again and selected a group of several kelzin who didn’t look too important. He sent a ribbon of sand to tap one of them on the shoulder. The man turned with a start.

“You four,” Kenton said. “Out."

“But!” the man argued.

“Out!” Kenton snapped, somewhat annoyed at these kelzin who had come to watch his execution. “The

 Duchess Khrissalla of Elis needs a seat."

The man blushed, but there was little he could do. He rose, shooting Kenton a hateful look, and let his companions from the room. Kenton nodded toward the seats. Khriss gave him one last hug, then led the other three as they made their way down to the seats.

Kenton’s own place was in the Pit itself. A six foot high stone wall was all that separated the contestants from the viewers on the benches above, but there really wasn’t any danger to them. Mastered sand was under precise control. That was why it was so deadly.

Kenton sighed, trying to clear his mind from such pessimistic thoughts as he made his way down to the pit.

# Ais knocked respectfully on the Lady Judge’s door.

He wore his trackt’s uniform, but he knew he would never be able to look at it, or himself, the same way again. He had disgraced the Hall. He had tried to hide his weakness from the others, but now he knew that the only one he had been fooling was himself.

“Come in,” the Lady Judge’s voice came.

Ais took a deep breath, then pushed open the door. He bowed, then stood stiffly, waiting to be addressed.

 Heelis wore her formal black robes. Several attendants were hurriedly preparing for her departure —like the other Taishin, she intended to watch the fight between the two sand masters.

“Senior Ais,” she said, looking up. “I had expected you would spend the next few hours with your family."

Ais continued to stand with a stiff posture. “My Lady,” he said. “I have a request."

“Yes, Ais?"

“I wish to resign my place as a senior trackt,” he said. “I am leaving the Hall."

Heelis frowned. “That is a disappointment, Ais,” she said. “Can there be no reconciliation?"

“I am afraid not, My Lady,” Ais said. The admission hurt, but he had only himself to blame for its necessity. He could not continue as a trackt, not after what he had done ...what he had revealed himself to be.

“Running won’t help, Ais,” Lady Heelis warned. “You have to face your problems someday."

“I will face them, My Lady. But I must do so in a place where I am not a liability to others.”

 Heelis regarded him for a moment, then nodded slightly. “I trust your judgement, Ais. You may do as you see necessary. However, I must make one request. I need you to remain a trackt for one more day—or, at least, until the Council meeting in a few hours."

Ais nodded. She would probably have him testify during the Diem’s trial. “As you wish, My Lady,” he agreed.

Heelis nodded, then motioned for her aids to join her as she began to walk from the room. As she moved, Ais noticed something. There was a stack of folded papers on her desk that looked suspiciously like the reports he had given her each day for the last two weeks—the reports he had prepared about the Lord Mastrell’s activities. They were all still sealed. Why hadn’t she read them?

“You should come with me to the battle, Ais,” she suggested.

“No thank you, My Lady,” he said, turning away from the reports. “I have little taste for such morbid sport."

“I agree, Ais,” Lady Heelis responded. “However, it is rare that one has an opportunity to see sand masters

 work. For the good of Lossand, I think it necessary to find out what they are capable of when their lives are in danger."

Ais paused. He had seen Kenton fight several times now, and he understood the Lady Judge’s point. Many in Lossand underestimated the sand masters’s power.

“Have you no desire to see how young Kenton fares?” Heelis asked, moving out of the room. Ais followed. “You’ve been travelling with him for two weeks now."

“He is a sand master,” Ais said simply. “I care nothing for him.” Yet, for some reason, he found himself following Heelis.

Ais paused once they left the Hall, standing in front of the carriage that had been brought to transport her to the docks. His wife had arrived in the city a few hours before, distraught because of her daughter’s sudden disappearance. She and Melly were now staying with Mellis’s parents, and both had been sleeping when Ais left. He did have an odd curiosity to see what happened to Kenton—for a purely intellectual reason, of course.

Heelis raised an eyebrow as Ais decided to join her in the carriage, but she didn’t say anything to him. She

 simply ordered the driver to take them to the docks. # The Taishin were the last ones to arrive. The new Lord Admiral came first, accompanied by Delious. A few moments later Vey and the Lord Farmer made their appearance, both dressed in bright violet robes. The two Kershtians made their way down to their places, speaking quietly with some of the kelzin they passed. Kenton stood at the bottom of the Pit, his bare feet touching the sand as he tried to prepare himself for the battle to come. He watched with discomfort as Eric arrived, wearing the formal red of the Lord General. Kenton had half-feared that his friend would disappear for another three years. His uniform, however, meant that he had actually claimed the Lord Generalship. Eric’s cold, almost lifeless eyes focused on Kenton as he made his way to his seat.

Next came the Lord Artisan. Rite’s stern, simple face was disturbed as he entered the building. From what Kenton heard, the man had nearly decided not to come to the fight. Social pressures, however, had persuaded him to attend the event. Kenton was almost

 disappointed—in his opinion, the fewer people who saw him get slaughtered the better.

Finally, the Lady Judge arrived, accompanied by a group of dark-clothed trackts and aids. She left the trackts to stand in the shadows above, and swept down the stairs to her place, moving with the grace of a woman half her age. Her aged eyes, however, held every bit of wisdom earned during her seven decades of life. She took her place, regarding Kenton with an unreadable look.

That’s all of them. Kenton thought. The saddest part about it all, he decided, would be that he would die before they voted. He would never know if his efforts had managed to save the Diem or not.

Kenton took a deep breath, preparing himself as best he could. Drile stood at the other end of the forty-foot wide pit, conferring with several sand masters. He wore his white robes tied with the customary black cord. As the Lady Judge took her place he turned, smiling, and nodded to Elorin, who sat at the front of the sand masters.

Elorin looked to Kenton. Kenton nodded as well. He was ready.

 Elorin stood, looking over the crowd. He looked nervous, but he had a right to be. Sand Masters hadn’t fought one another for centuries. Elorin hadn’t looked too eager when Kenton had asked him to mediate the ceremony.

“My Lords and Lady Taishin, people of Lossand. You have come to witness a very serious event. These two sand masters, unable to resolve their difficulties, have come to face one another in single combat. May we—"

Elorin paused as a commotion stirred at the back of the room. Kenton turned, and was surprised to see a tall form with bright red hair walk into the room. He wore the dark brown robes of a Talloner. The Lord Mason’s emissary, Kenton realized. So Dirin failed. The realization hurt—Kenton had been intentionally avoiding thinking about of Dirin’s mission. Now he would die knowing he had failed.

However, even as the thought occurred to him, Kenton saw another, smaller form push its way into the room. This form also had red hair, and it wore the white robes of a sand master. Dirin smiled encouragingly at Kenton as the Talloner emissary took his place with the Taishin. Dirin’s optimism gave him

 hope—perhaps the boy had succeeded after all. Of course, Dirin would be optimistic no matter what happened, so perhaps the boy’s smile wasn’t a good way to judge.

Regardless, Elorin continued his speech, so Kenton didn’t have time to give the matter further thought.

“May we be witnesses to the victor, and mourners for the loser,” Elorin announced. “May we avoid this day in the future. Sand masters, you may begin."

Elorin sat down.

Kenton took a deep breath, his body suddenly tense as he reached for his sand pouch. His hand never got there.

Sand exploded around Drile, rising into the air like a mythical many-armed beast. Twenty-five ribbons screamed toward Kenton. They didn’t cut him; instead, they picked him up and slammed him back against the Pit’s stone wall. Kenton both heard and felt something crack inside his chest. He gasped in pain, dropping to the ground as Drile withdrew his sand.

Kenton lay curled on the sandy ground, his body throbbing, his eyes wide with amazement. The pain

 was more sharp than he could have imagined. He rolled over with a groan, trying to regain control of himself. Drile stood at his end of the pit, smiling, his sand writhing around him like two-dozen whips of glowing smoke. Eventually, Kenton made it to his knees, then back to his feet. In one hand he clutched a handful of sand.

He cried out in anger and pain, bringing the sand to life with a flash. Drile didn’t respond as Kenton gathered his sand around him, though he did raise an eyebrow in surprise as he counted Kenton’s ribbons.

His teeth gritted against the pain, Kenton launched an attack of his own.

Five ribbons crossed the area between the two men. Kenton expanded his mind, moving each ribbon independently as it wove toward Drile. When the ribbons were just a few feet from his enemy, Drile’s ribbons suddenly responded. They snapped forward like predators, no less than three ribbons striking each of Kenton’s. Sand sprayed across the pit as ribbons met. Kenton tried to keep his ribbons free from Drile’s defense, but it was to no avail. There were too many ribbons, and Drile was too practiced. Even Kenton’s

 superior ability to control barely helped in the face of such odds.

Each of Kenton attacks fell dead as Drile’s ribbons touched them. Kenton did manage to reciprocate, touching the tip of his ribbons to two of Drile’s, making them fall dead.

Unfortunately, he was quickly overwhelmed. He pulled back, regrowing his ribbons around him. His eyes were already beginning to burn—he had expended an amazing amount of water in the attack. His body was feeling weak as well. Drile, however, was unfazed. None of Kenton’s ribbons had gotten within a few feet of his body.

This is hopeless, Kenton thought with pain. Of course, he had always known that it would be.

Drile attacked. The ribbons whipped and spun, streaking toward Kenton. Kenton pulled back reflexively before them, pushing against the stone wall. He focused himself, ordering his sand to protect him.

His five ribbons rose to his defense, attacking Drile’s ribbons. He managed to intercept several of them, smashing through their centers, dropping the ribbons

 dead to the floor. Unfortunately, the attempt was laughably insufficient. Fifteen ribbons still made it to him.

The sand slicked into his body without mercy. He felt his shirt get ripped from his body, a dozen ribbons cutting into his flesh. Pain erupted through his body, and blood splashed against the wall, dripping down to the sand. Kelzin cried out in surprise and horror, but Kenton only groaned, his eyes shutting against the agony.

He felt pain from his chest, arms, and legs. However, for some reason he was still alive. Drile hadn’t pierced him with the sand, he had only cut and sliced, lacerating Kenton’s flesh with painful, but not fatal, wounds.

Drile was laughing again. He had avoided delivering a death blow on purpose. Kenton opened his eyes, barely able to keep himself conscious. He was on the ground again, white sand sticking to his blood-stained body. There were slices on his chest and arms, like lashes from a whip.

I didn’t even hurt him, Kenton thought with shame. I lasted a few brief minutes. He looked across the Pit,

 his eyes seeking out Khriss in the crowd. She seemed terrified. Her eyes were wide, tears streaming down her cheeks. Poor girl.

With a sigh, Kenton pushed himself to his knees again. I won’t let him beat me so easily!

#

"This is horrible!” Khriss said, trying to stand, trying to do something. A firm hand held her down.

“Yes,” Baon said quietly, “it is horrible. However, it is not your place to interfere, duchess."

“He’ll die!” Khriss said, her mind finally grasping what that fact meant. Kenton couldn’t die. She needed him. She didn’t know why, but she did. “He can’t die,” she whispered.

“He chose his fight,” Baon said. “And he does so with bravery. This sacrifice is for his people. You cannot rob that from him."

Khriss tried to tear her eyes away from the horrible scene before her, but she couldn’t. She couldn’t abandon him. Kenton was struggling to his knees, surrounded by sand that was more red than white. It wasn’t a fight, it was an execution.

 Suddenly, Kenton cried out, thrusting his hand forward. Sand flashed around him, burning with inner light as it whipped toward Drile. For a moment, hope returned—Kenton’s sand moved more quickly this time, glowing more brightly.

Once again, Drile slapped the five ribbons aside with an almost flippant gesture. He was too powerful—he had too much sand.

“Oh, Kenton,” Khriss said with fear as Drile raised his sand for another strike.

# Kenton braced himself. Fortunately, this time he didn’t have far to fall—he was still kneeling in the sand. He barely managed to intercept three of Drile’s ribbons. The other sand master’s laughter was matched with slices of pain across Kenton’s back—no punctures, just cuts.

Kenton shuddered in pain. Stop toying with me! he thought with anger. Finish me, and let it be done.

He could barely see now. A cut across his brow was pouring blood into his eyes. Somehow, he knew that he still had control of his ribbons, but the five lines of

 sand hung limply. He was beaten. He had been beaten before the battle began.

Kenton tried to struggle to his feet, but slipped, falling back to the sand. Hard grains bit into his cheek. It was over. He lay resigned, waiting for the final strike, his head turned to the side, his eyes staring unseeingly at the stone wall. An image seemed to form before him, and image of a young boy in white robes. A boy with a determined expression and light brown hair. A defiant boy—a boy that would be a sand master, no matter what others told him.

I was a fool, Kenton thought with despair. I was always a fool. I never belonged in the Diem.

The boy stared back at him, his eyes stubborn. I am a sand master! the boy’s expression seemed to say. I am as good as any other.

You’re wrong, Kenton thought. You’re not as good as another—Drile just beat you. You didn’t deserve to be a mastrell.

The boy shook his head. No. Drile didn’t beat you because he’s better than you. He beat you because you tried to become something you aren’t.

 Kenton lay numbly, watching the image fade. As a boy learning in the Diem, he had claimed he was as good as any mastrell. When had he stopped believing that? Sometime during his fighting, his arguments had simply become words to him. He had realized he didn’t have the power of a mastrell; he had kept fighting because he didn’t want to give up, not because he believed that he deserved a place.

But once, many years before, he had believed. The boy had believed.

Kenton groaned again, feeling his wounds, his broken ribs, his lashed skin. He felt like giving up and dying. Instead, he struggled to his feet once more.

The Pit wobbled in front of him as he slowly pulled himself up, using the stone wall to steady himself. Drile actually looked surprised to see him rising. The man’s twenty-five ribbons swirled quickly, as if eager to taste Kenton’s blood one last time.

Kenton reached down to a sand pouch—the only one that hadn’t been destroyed in Drile’s attacks—and removed a small handful of sand. He held his fist forward, his hand shaking slightly, small trails of white sand dribbling from his fingers.

 Obey me, he thought simply. The sand flashed to life. And then, he waited. He didn’t sent the sand to the ground, he didn’t gather more sand and split it into five, or even three, ribbons. He just waited, his single, pitiful ribbon hanging in front of him.

Drile attacked, his eyes hard. This would be the last time. He intended to finish the battle with this one, final strike.

Kenton closed his eyes, still leaning against the bloodied wall, and ordered his sand to move. The single ribbon leapt forward. Tiny, weak, insignificant. One ribbon was nothing.

Unless that one ribbon belonged to Kenton.

The tiny ribbon shot forward, ripping through the air at a speed impossible for any other sand master’s ribbons. It struck at Drile’s sand with a precision unequaled in the Diem, cutting down lines of sand, dexterous and nimble. Kenton had practiced for years, trying to prove that he could do with one ribbon what others couldn’t do with dozens. Eventually, he had given up on himself. He’d never realized that he was right.

 Stale sand fell to the pit floor as Drile’s ribbons fell dead. Kenton opened his eyes to find Drile staring at him with stupefaction, every one of his ribbons destroyed. Kenton’s one single ribbon hovered in front of him.

“Impossible,” Drile mouthed, gathering another storm of sand around himself. He struck again, sending his sand in waves of five this time.

Kenton stood a little straighter, concentrating on his single ribbon. The small line of sand spun and whipped, zipping back and forth in the air in front of him as it smashed through ribbon after ribbon, blocking every attack that Drile attempted.

Drile had stopped laughing. He was focused solely on his sand now, striking at Kenton with rhythmic waves of ribbons. He watched incredulously as Kenton’s tiny ribbon intercepted his attacks, felling them with precise efficiency.

Drile didn’t give up. He continued to master with disbelief, trying to find a hole in Kenton’s defense. Kenton’s little ribbon could cross the length of the Pit in the blink of an eye. It turned and doubled-back on

 itself neatly. Kenton wove it through the air, slicing through entire groups of ribbons in a single strike.

And there was another advantage. Kenton’s eyes were burning, but Drile was obviously suffering more. The more ribbons one had, the faster one’s body lost water. Kenton’s one small ribbon barely cost anything, but he could see the effects of dehydration in Drile’s eyes. Since neither sand master could bring a qido into the Pit, it soon became obvious who would run out of water first.

Unfortunately, Drile could still do something Kenton couldn’t. Even as they fought, Drile reached down for a handful of sand and brought it up. He closed his eyes, and his ribbons paused in the air for a moment. His hand began to shine. He was going to slatrify— turn his sand into water.

Kenton’s ribbon smashed into Drile’s hand, slicing a hole directly through the back of the palm. Drile cried out, dropping the sand and holding his hand in agony. Then he turned angry eyes on Kenton, and his sand rose for another attack. It moved with power and determination, but Kenton’s ribbon maintained its

 blurring speed. The ribbons fell dead as soon as Drile could create them.

“It’s over, Drile,” Kenton announced. “Concede—I have no desire to kill you."

Drile growled his response, sending a new wave of ribbons. Kenton sliced them down, then drove his ribbon towards Drile’s chest. He pulled up at the last minute, slicing a cut across the man’s shoulder.

“You’re beaten, Drile,” he said. “Give up!"

Drile’s face burned with undisguised hatred. “I won’t be beaten by you!” he yelled back. “I am a mastrell!"

Drile’s eyes grew wide, and he raised his hands, summoning more sand around him. Fully a third of the sand in the Pit was already black. Kenton stepped back bracing himself. Drile’s face was frenzied, and his sand began to grow brighter and brighter.

“Drile ... .” Kenton said warningly. “Drile, watch your water. Don’t overextend yourself."

Drile ignored him. His skin was beginning to turn a dun color, but his whirling torrent of sand was glowing even brighter.

 Kenton cursed softly. He had seen a look like the one in Drile’s eyes once before—in the eyes of his father, right before he died.

Drile commanded his sand forward. # Khriss cried out, the brightness of Drile’s sand causing her eyes to water. She had actually begun to think that Kenton might win, but Drile’s sudden outpouring of power frightened her. It was like a tornado of brightly shining sand had been called up in the center of the room.

Drile screamed, and entire waves of sand began to blast toward Kenton. Khriss heard herself cry out as Kenton disappeared in a cyclone of light. All around the room, kelzin were crying out in alarm, and many stumbled out of their seats and began to push toward the door. Grains of sand flew through the room, biting into Khriss’s skin and getting in her eyes. It didn’t do any real damage, however, for it wasn’t focused on the audience, but on a single point. A point that was no longer visible in the storm.

Drile was still screaming. Though Kenton, the source of his attack, was obscured, Drile himself was visible.

 His hands were raised high over his head, and he was moaning in a high pitched voice. His face was beginning to dry out.

Khriss watched with horror as the skin on Drile’s face pulled in, stretching over his skull skeletally. His cheeks sucked inward with a sudden motion, as if someone had stuck a needle into them and drained out all the water. The skin of his lips curled backward, flaking and drying, revealing the teeth underneath. Drile’s tongue shriveled in his mouth, and his wide eyes suddenly deflated, leaving behind a skull that stared ahead vacantly. Still Drile screamed in rage.

His entire body grew desiccate, his robes enveloping his skeletal arms and neck. His voice choked off as the raging storm of sand before him hit a crescendo. Then all was silent.

The dried corpse that had been Drile fell forward onto its knees. Then there was a cracking sound as Drile’s waist split, and his top half broke free of his bottom half, falling forward onto the black sand, the knees and legs remaining upright. As soon as his skull hit the ground it shattered, turning to dust. There wasn’t a single drop of blood.

 Khriss sat stunned, looking at Drile’s remains. Only a tiny layer of black sand remained on his side of the Pit—which, now that most of the sand was gone, revealed itself to be much deeper than Khriss had realized. The rest of the sand lay piled where Kenton had been standing—a seven foot dune of black sand slumped against the stone wall, spilling over onto the benches behind it.

“Kenton!” Khriss cried out, jumping out of her seat and stumbling down toward the Pit, walking over seats both empty and occupied. She reached the side of the Pit, lowering herself over the wall and down to the floor. She rushed past Drile’s desiccated corpse and began to dig in the sand mound.

“You’d better not be dead,” she whispered, digging furiously, looking for a sign of Kenton. “Shella, Kenton, don’t be dead."

Her hand bumped something soft. She moved anxiously, uncovering a hand. Tears streaming down her face, she continued to dig, pushing away swaths of sand, trying to uncover the man underneath. Suddenly, there was a form beside her—a large, dark form. Baon reached down, grabbing Kenton’s body

 around the waist and, with straining muscles, pulled the sand master free from the dune’s grip.

Khriss exclaimed in fright as she saw Kenton’s body. Sand stuck to his bloodied body, and his form was limp. However, as Baon pulled the sand master out, his eyes fluttered open and he began to cough.

“Ugh,” he mumbled, looking at Khriss. “Sand tastes horrible."

Khriss cried out, hugging him, an action that provoked a grunt of pain. “Sorry,” she said, immediately, pulling back.

“It’s all right,” Kenton mumbled, wiping his eyes as he regarded Drile’s corpse. Finally, he shook his head. “Poor fool,” he mumbled.

“Kenton,” Khriss said, checking him over. There wasn’t a part of his body that wasn’t covered with blood, but most of the cuts weren’t deep. “Kenton, you won!"

“Surprising, isn’t it?” he asked, reaching over to lift himself to his knees. “That last attack was powerful, but it lacked focus. I don’t think Drile even remembered what he was trying to do—I protected

 myself from his sand with my own. Of course, when he died, it all just kind of fell on me. Here, help me up."

“You need to rest,” she chided.

“Not yet,” Kenton said, pulling himself to his feet. “I have one task left.”

 Chapter Thirty-Eight As soon as Kenton got to his feet, a wave of dizziness struck him. He would have collapsed to the ground if Khriss hadn’t been there supporting him. I’m in bad shape, he thought. However, he couldn’t let himself rest yet.

He looked up at the crowd. Half of the seats were empty, but some of the kelzin were returning now that the danger appeared to be over. All seven Taishin still sat in their places.

“Well?” Kenton demanded of them, leaning heavily on Khriss.

“Well what, Lord Mastrell?” Heelis asked, looking him over with a dissatisfied eye. “You have slain your enemy."

“Drile slew himself,” Kenton announced. “All I have done is prove to the Diem, and myself, that I am worthy of this golden sash. I doubt any of the sand masters will question my right to lead after this.”

 “True,” Heelis admitted. “Assuming, of course, that there’s a Diem after the Council meeting a few hours from now."

“Why wait?” Kenton demanded. “You are all here now. Why not vote?"

“It wouldn’t be proper, Lord Mastrell,” Heelis replied. “Someone might decide to quibble over technicalities in the Law."

Kenton smiled slightly at the jibe. His dried lips cracked painfully at the motion. “I promise you, it won’t be me, Lady Judge,” he said. “Cast your vote, and I will accept the result."

“You vow this, Kenton of the Diem?” Heelis asked. “I do."

Heelis turned to look at the other Taishin. None of them shook their heads, so finally she nodded. “It will be as you say, Kenton. We will vote. I warn you, however, I will hold you to your vow. This time, our decision is final."

“I understand,” Kenton said.

“Then let us proceed. Lord General, how vote you?” Eric found Kenton’s eyes, his face so cold it was almost hateful. For a moment, Kenton feared what his

 former friend might say.

“I vote in favor of the Diem,” Eric finally said. “Lord Merchant, how vote you?” Heelis asked.

“I vote for the Diem, Heelis,” Vey announced in his high-pitched Kershtian voice.

Heelis raised an eyebrow. Then she turned to Gennel. “Lord Farmer."

Gennel looked nervous. He shot Vey a look. “Um, I guess I vote in favor of the Diem, Lady Heelis,” he replied.

“Lord Artisan, how vote you?"

Rite turned calm eyes on Lady Heelis. “My terms have been met, Lady Judge. As long as the Lord Mastrell keeps his promises, I vote in favor of the Diem."

“I see,” Heelis said slowly. “Lord Mason?"

“We vote for the Diem, Lady Heelis,” the tall Talloner responded. Kenton caught Dirin smiling triumphantly from the top row of benches.

“And you, Lord Admiral."

Lokkall shot a nervous look at Delious. Then he turned to the Lady Judge. “I vote in favor of the Diem,” he said with an unenthusiastic voice.

 Kenton smiled triumphantly despite his complaining body. I almost don’t believe it, he thought with amazement. He turned eyes on Heelis. “It appears the Council is unanimous, Lady Judge,” he said.

“Not yet, Lord Mastrell,” Heelis said slowly. “We still have one vote to count. My own."

“Surely I have met your requirements, Lady Heelis,” Kenton objected.

Heelis frowned. “Have you? What about the Diem’s debts."

Vey cleared his throat nervously. “Um, Lady Judge."

Heelis turned eyes toward the Lord Merchant. “Yes?” she said tolerantly.

“In the spirit of friendship, the Guild has decided to take the Diem’s debts on itself,” Vey explained.

“The spirit of friendship?” Heelis asked disbelievingly.

“Well, that and a promise of generous compensation later on,” Vey replied with a shrug. “It is, however, all quite legal."

Heelis thinned her eyes. “I’m certain,” she said.

“The Diem’s debts are no more,” Kenton announced with as much strength as he could manage. “And the

 sand masters have a firm leader. Your conditions are met, Lady Judge."

“No,” Heelis corrected. “Two of them are met. I had three requirements."

Kenton frowned. Three requirements? What had the third one been?

“I said that you were required to win the support of the people of Lossand,” Heelis reminded.

“Surely I have done that,” Kenton said somewhat uncertainly. Khriss wiggled closer to him, placing herself underneath the crook of his arm, supporting his weight as his body grew weaker and weaker. He wouldn’t last much longer.

“I don’t know, young Kenton,” Heelis said. “I really don’t know. A leader must have the support of his people—we of the Council do not rule by domination, but by consent of those below us. If the Diem does not have the favor of the people of Lossand, then it doesn’t matter what deals you have made with the Taishin."

“The people don’t know us yet, Lady Heelis,” Kenton explained. “Two weeks isn’t enough time to educate a nation. However, if we are given time, then I am certain we can bring them to our side. Such has

 already begun in Kezare—surely you’ve heard the rumors."

“I have,” Heelis admitted. Suddenly, she looked very, very tired. She sighed to herself.

And I thought my burden was large, Kenton suddenly realized. Heelis represents all of Lossand. Hers is the only profession whose focus is on the rest of the nation, rather than just the Profession’s members. She must feel an incredible weight of responsibility.

“The problem is, Kenton, I am not impartial in this matter. I admit it freely—I have always liked the sand masters. Therefore, I cannot vote."

“Then we are at an impasse,” Kenton said with a frown.

“No,” Heelis said. “I have prepared for this eventuality. I decided that if this possibility arose, I would give my vote to another. And, since I am biased in favor of the Diem, I decided that the one who voted for me would have to be biased against you. You see, Lord Mastrell, this way I can be certain. I chose the person most opposed to the Diem that I knew. That way, if you convinced him, I would know that you could convince anyone. You really would be favored by all of

 Lossand—sand master, common worker ... and Kershtian."

Oh, no ... . Kenton thought with horror. He had a suspicion he knew who she was talking about.

“Senior trackt Ais, step forward,” Heelis ordered.

Ais, unnoticed in the shadows at the back of the room, emerged into the light.

Well, I just lost, Kenton thought with a shake of his head. At least I gave it a good fight.

# Ais stood stunned. What did she just say? He thought incredulously.

“Step forward, Ais,” Lady Heelis said.

Ais moved into the light.

“Well, Ais,” Heelis announced. “I give my vote to you. The Diem’s fate will be decided by your decision. How say you? Does the Hall vote in favor of the Diem or against it?"

Ais looked down at Kenton, trying to stir righteous hatred in his heart. This was the man whose very existence defiled the Sand Lord. This was the man whose blasphemies were greater than any other on the sands.

 This was the man who had saved his daughter’s life.

If Ais hadn’t snapped the day before, he certainly would have at this moment. However, he was drained. He could barely think, let alone lose control. After all this time, the Kershtians finally had a chance to destroy sand mastery forever.

I have to do it, Ais told himself. I have to remain true to the Sand Lord.

Ais opened his mouth to speak. However, as he did so, his daughter’s face appeared in his mind.

You will attempt to become my friend, Ais’s own words, spoken coldly to Kenton, resurfaced in his mind. You will try to laugh with me, prove to me that you aren’t what I assume. You may even save my life. None of this will change my opinion.

Kenton hadn’t saved Ais’s life. He had saved something far more important. To deny the Diem would be to wish his daughter dead, and Ais could not do that.

“I vote in favor of the Diem,” Ais whispered.

The entire room looked at him for a moment, stunned. Then Kenton let out a sigh of surprised joy,

 hugging the darksider woman at his side. The room filled with sound as people began to talk.

Ais slunk back into the darkness. Yesterday I betrayed my family, now I have betrayed my God. What is left for me now?

Ais bowed his head and left the room a broken man, leaving the sounds of joy behind him. The Diem would probably never know the full cost of its survival.

# As Kenton cried out in joy, his body finally decided to give out on him. He began to slip out of Khriss’s arms. Fortunately Baon caught him, lifting him up again.

“It appears I have no choice but to reinstate the Diem,” Heelis said. “I ratify you as Lord Mastrell, Kenton. Congratulations."

Kenton smiled one last time. Then he fell unconscious.

#

"He’s my cousin,” Dirin explained, bringing Kenton a cup of chilled juice. “The Lord Mason wasn’t willing to listen to me, but he was willing to listen to Serin. I got back as soon as I could.”

 “Good job,” Kenton approved, reaching for the cup. His body was covered in bandages—he had cuts in places he hadn’t realized he had skin. He had spent most of the day under the ministrations of Draft healers, letting them wrap him in bandages—a process supervised, of course, by Khriss, who had wanted to make certain they didn’t use any ‘primitive’ doctoring techniques. Kenton was weak, but on the whole he felt good, considering what he had just been through.

“Um,” Dirin said nervously. “I did have to promise him ten sand masters to help in the mines."

Kenton smiled. “Don’t worry about it. That’s fewer than I had to promise to Reegent."

Dirin shrugged, moving to clean off a table of cut bandages.

“Have you talked to the rest of the sand masters like I asked?” Kenton asked.

Dirin nodded as he worked. “They accept you, sir, even the ones who used to follow Drile. Some of them are actually beginning to believe that one ribbon can be as powerful as dozens. Either way, you shouldn’t have any trouble from them—except for a few, who think you tried to have Drile killed.”

 “What?” Kenton asked, leaning back in his chair. It was nice to know that his rooms were actually his rooms—that he wouldn’t lose them sometime in the next few weeks.

“It’s really strange, sir,” Dirin admitted, turning with a frown on his face. “There’s one of Drile’s old followers—Terr—who claims you hired Kershtian warriors to try and kill Drile. Apparently, he thinks you sent those Kershtian assassins that have been trying to kill Drile."

Kenton froze. “Kershtian assassins tried to kill Drile?” he asked.

Dirin nodded. “Sure, just like they tried to kill you. Didn’t you know that?"

Kenton sat stupefied. “No,” he said. “I guess I haven’t been paying enough attention to the Diem—I had other things on my mind. But, why would the Kershtians try to kill Drile? He’s was working with them."

“Maybe he betrayed them,” Dirin suggested.

“Maybe,” Kenton said, unconvinced. He leaned back thoughtfully. He stared at the stone walls, wondering about the attacks. It was possible, he supposed, that

 Drile hadn’t been behind the fall of the Diem. But, if not him, then... .

“Sands!” Kenton exclaimed, leaping out of his chair and limping toward the door.

# Kenton found him in a small living chamber on the second floor. He sat in a stiff carapace chair, watching the door as Kenton entered. The room was stark and unadorned—a contrast to the lavish Mastrell’s quarters a flight above.

“Hello, Elorin,” Kenton said quietly, entering the room.

“Hello, Lord Mastrell,” the old sand master replied. His eyes were sorrowful. Just like they had been ever since the Kershtian attack a month ago. Kenton had assumed it was just his loss of sand mastery.

“Elorin,” Kenton said slowly. “I want to know how you survived the attack a month ago."

Elorin didn’t answer immediately. “I survived because the Kershtians didn’t want to kill me,” he finally answered.

Kenton closed his eyes in pain. All this time, he had thought it was Drile. “You poisoned the water, didn’t

 you?” he asked. As always, it had been Elorin’s duty as the Lord Mastrell’s assistant to prepare the water for the ceremony.

“No,” Elorin said in an almost distracted way. “It was the bowl. That way, every time new water was poured in, it received the taint as well. It’s called KaDo, a rare Kershtian spice that accelerates dehydration. Even I didn’t expect it to work as well as it did."

“All this time, you’ve been watching me and directed the assassins meant to kill me,” Kenton said, opening his eyes and looking down at the balding older sand master.

Elorin nodded.

“Why, Elorin?” Kenton demanded. “Why betray the Diem?"

Elorin looked up, meeting Kenton’s eyes with a sorrowful look. “When your God commands, Lord Mastrell, you listen."

“Your ... God?” Kenton asked with amazement. “Sands! When did you convert?"

“Six months ago,” Elorin explained. “Ker’reen is true, Kenton. I know it is.”

 Six months—the same time that Elorin had resigned his position as Head of Acolents.

“At first, I wanted to quit the Diem,” Elorin explained. “But the A’Kar himself sent me a letter, commanding me to continue on as before. But, I couldn’t. I couldn’t use my powers when I knew they were evil. So, I just stopped. No one really noticed. I always have kept to myself."

“And then he ordered you to betray us,” Kenton said flatly.

“It would have been better for you in the end,” Elorin said with despair. “Better that several should die now so that souls will not be lost in the future. Of course, I wouldn’t have done it, except. . . ."

“Except?” Kenton asked, feeling numb.

“The Sand Lord appeared to me,” Elorin said, his eyes completely honest. Haunted, but honest.

“Oh, Elorin,” Kenton said, shaking his head. “You’ve made things very difficult for me."

“Well, then,” Elorin said. “I shall make them easy for you, Lord Mastrell. You see, two days have passed. I am allowed to try again today.”

 Kenton frowned, noticing for the first time the dark object beside Elorin’s chair. The man removed a cloth from its top, revealing a shiny zinkall underneath.

“Elorin,” Kenton said warningly.

The man ignored him, putting the zinkall on his arm and proceeding to pump one of its chambers.

“Don’t do this, Elorin,” Kenton warned.

“You had better kill me, Lord Mastrell,” Elorin responded, looking down at his weapon. “This arrow is coated with terken carapace. Your sand won’t be able to stop it."

“Elorin, I ... .” Kenton said, pained, calling a handful of sand to life.

Elorin raised the zinkall. “Kill me,” he whispered. “I am ready to go."

Kenton paused. Elorin fired the weapon, and Kenton dodged reflexively, sending forth his sand. His body gave out at the stress, toppling him to the ground. Fortunately, Elorin was a horrible shot. The arrow went wide, striking Kenton in the arm.

Kenton’s sand, however, flew truly. It took Elorin in the chest, slicing a neat hole through his heart. The

 undermastrell toppled backward into his chair. He took a few pained breaths, then fell still.

Oh, sands, Kenton thought, pulling himself to his feet with difficulty, holding his arm. When will this stop? He stumbled from the room, leaving the corpse behind. Outside he found Dirin leading a line of sand masters.

“I brought them,” Dirin explained.

“Don’t worry,” Kenton said. “He was alone.” Dirin paused. “And ... ."

“I was right,” Kenton said sorrowfully.

# Khriss watched with dissatisfaction as Kenton landed on the balcony and walked into his room. “You’re supposed to be resting,” she reminded.

Kenton shook his head. There was a look of sorrow on his face. There was a new bandage on his arm, one stained with blood.

Khriss felt a stab of fear. What now?

“Elorin,” Kenton explained in response to the question on her face. He took a seat in the center of the room, sighing as he relaxed. His chest was also

 bandaged, where the healers had pronounced him the owner of three cracked ribs.

“Elorin?” Khriss said, trying to place a face with the name. “The balding man?"

Kenton nodded.

“What about him?” Khriss asked. The man had been so unassuming, she usually hadn’t paid much attention to him.

“He was the leader of the assassins,” Kenton explained. “He converted to Ker’Reen worship a number of months ago, and has been working against us ever since."

“Oh, Kenton,” she gasped. “I’m sorry.” She knew, quite powerfully, how painful a betrayal could be.

Kenton shook his head. “I should have seen it sooner."

Khriss paused. Kenton looked so hurt, but she had something she needed to tell him. “Kenton,” she said slowly. “I ... can’t stay here on dayside."

Kenton looked up, meeting her eyes. Then he rested back. “I know,” he said with a sigh.

Wrong answer, Khriss thought with despair. He really didn’t want her. He was like Gevin, pretending.

 Well, not completely pretending. Gevin had been a liar; Kenton just wanted to protect her feelings. I should have realized that he wouldn’t want me, Khriss though with a quiet shake of her head. In a way, she had realized it. Why would Kenton want her?

“Elis is in trouble,” she explained. And I would abandon it for you. “I am a duchess; my people need me.” Not as much as I need you. Ask me to stay.

“I had a feeling you were going to say something like that,” Kenton said with a sigh. “How long before you leave?"

Khriss barely held back the tears. “Not long,” she said. “I need to leave as soon as possible. Today, perhaps."

“So soon?” Kenton asked.

“Elis needs me,” she repeated. You know that is a lie, Khriss. Why would Elis need you? They’ve probably forgotten who you are.

# It made sense. First Eric, then Elorin, now Khriss.

Perhaps on another day, he would have objected more. But after what he had just experienced, Kenton was expecting something horrible to happen—and Khriss’s

 leaving was just about the most horrible thing he could imagine.

You should say something, he told himself. Tell her how you feel. Unfortunately, he suspected that he would just embarrass her. Every time she had gotten close to him, she had immediately pulled back for some reason. Kenton suspected he knew what it was. He was an experiment to her—a ‘primitive.’ She couldn’t fall in love with him.

In his depressed, self-pitying world, it made perfect sense. When he opened his eyes, she was gone.

# Khriss actually waited until the next day to leave.

Kenton stood on the docks, watching the packmen load her things. He bid a thankful farewell to Baon and Cynder, gave Khriss a chaste hug, bidding her to return when her country was safe once again, then watched her walk up the plank to board the ship. Behind her, the packmen lugged up three barrels of white sand—she claimed she was going to find a way to make sand mastery work on darkside.

Kenton stood on the dock for a long time, watching the boat sail away. He watched it long after he lost

 sight of Khriss’s beautiful, long hair fluttering in the wind. Then he watched the horizon long after the ship had disappeared.

“Khriss, please stay,” he finally whispered.

But, of course, it was too late.

Kenton turned with a sigh, nodding for Dirin to follow him as he hired a dockman to return them to the shore. He had saved the Diem, rescued sand mastery when everyone thought it was lost. But he felt as if he had lost something far more important.

# Ais set aside his trackt’s uniform. He would never wear that again. Instead he packed a few simple robes in his bag. He owned few possessions beyond his clothing, none of any importance.

“Where will you go?” Mellis asked, standing on the far side of the room.

Ais bowed his head. “I don’t know,” he said. “The deep sand, I think. I need answers, Mellis. My prayers yield nothing."

“I’m coming with you,” she decided.

“You need to take care of Melly,” he replied. “I need to do this on my own.”

 “No, Ais,” his wife corrected. “That is where you are wrong. You don’t ever need to do anything alone."

He looked up, meeting her eyes, then lowered his own in shame. He didn’t deserve her. “All right,” he said. “But I intent to visit Ker Kedasha, the capitol itself. Lossanders are not treated well there."

“I don’t care, Ais,” she vowed. “I’m not going to sit here and wait, and neither is Melly. If you’re going to the deep sand, then so are we."

“You’ll have to act like a Kershtian woman,” he warned.

“I can do that,” she said with a defiance that no Kershtian woman would dare show.

Ais smiled slightly. “All right. Let’s go, then."

He would go to the A’Kar himself. Maybe the holiest man on the sands would be able to answer Ais’s questions for him.

If not, then he would just have to find another place to look.

 Epilogue Across the sands from Lossand, on the border of the deep sands, there was a city whose culture made Lossand look primitive, whose politics made the Taishin appear child-like, and whose population made Kezare a tiny village by comparison. The cradle of Kershtian civilization, the grandest center for the arts and sciences on dayside, the largest center of business on the sands, it was Ker Kedasha, the Kershtian capitol.

Composed entirely of tents—tents that spread for miles —Ker Kedasha looked like a conglomeration of darkside mushrooms. Each tent competed with its neighbors in style, shape, and color. There were massive constructions that could hold thousands of people at once, and there were tiny hovels that barely kept the sand out.

In one of the largest tents in the city, a meeting was taking place. The masters of Kershtian society, the leaders, the pundits, the Klin, the wealthy, and the

 important were meeting. The Choosing, it was called. From this meeting, the man who would shape Kershtian society for the next fifty years would be chosen. And, for the first time in centuries, the choice was not certain.

Men argued. Others rebutted. Each spoke respectfully —this was Kershtian society, not Godless Lossand. Still, there was a sense of tension in the room. The A’Kar’s attempts were well known. He had nearly destroyed the sand masters, an amazing feat. That alone had gained him many supporters.

Others pointed out, however, that the Diem had not been destroyed. A mastrell lived on—the A’Kar’s assassins had failed. There was a Kershtian proverb, they reminded—a pinch or a dune, it is all sand. It didn’t matter that the A’Kar had killed a lot of the mastrells, as long as one still lived, the blasphemy would continue.

These arguments were also strong. The A’Kar’s failure to destroy the mastrells was troubling. He had much to complete his goals, but he had failed. Now the Kershtian merchants had to deal with hostility from their Lossandin associates. As advanced as Kershtian culture was, it still needed trade with Lossand to get metals, amongst other things.

 War could also deliver those things, the A’Kar’s supporters whispered. They didn’t do more than hint, however. War was not a thing that merchants found attractive, and many Kershtians were also merchants. Still, the idea was intriguing to some—mostly the younger, less established members of the meeting.

The vote was cast, and the High Merchant won— though the vote was incredibly close. The members of the meeting congratulated one another. It had been a fine meeting, full of fine discussions. In the end, their choice had been difficult. They had made it, however, and now everyone could go back to their own business.

They were completely surprised, therefore, when they stepped out of their tent to find that during their deliberations, the A’Kar’s holy warriors had surrounded and taken the city.

The A’Kar smiled at them, suggesting that they rethink their decision.

# Kenton stood on his balcony, looking down at the courtyard, his face disconsolate. He didn’t know what it was—he had grown increasingly depressed in the weeks

 following his victory. He should have been elated, or at least satisfied. Instead, he was morose.

He looked out over the Diem. It was working smoothly now, much the way it had before the fateful attack. There were major differences, however. The sand masters as a whole were stronger—Kenton had taught them the overmastery trick. He had managed to extend his own powers to six full ribbons, though he had been right, the more one tried the trick the smaller the result one received. Still, Kenton didn’t worry. Sheer power wasn’t always the only factor—Kenton’s own talent lay in a different area.

Another difference in the Diem could be seen down below. Children playing in the courtyard. Some of the sand masters who survived had families, and Kenton had invited them to bring their wives and children into the Diem. This had easily solved the problem of who got the upper rooms—the third floor rooms were the largest, therefore Kenton gave them to those with families.

The Diem was a happier place now, he could sense that, even if little of its joy extended to him. He had made good on his promise, and the sand masters were proving extremely useful in Kezare business. Lord Rite’s

 craftsmen were always inventing new ways to make use of sand mastery, and the returns were greater than any had expected. It would still take decades to pay the Guild back, but all involved were satisfied with the results.

A month before, Kenton had announced his new plan for giving sashes. They would now be granted for both skill and power. In addition, he made provisions for increasing in rank. Those who showed promise and increased their abilities could move to a higher sash. In fact, under Kenton’s plan, no acolent would be given the golden sash at first. There would be no more fourteen year-old mastrells. Now, the golden sash would take years to earn, even for a powerful sand master.

It was a good system, and Kenton was pleased with it. He had made a few exceptions at the beginning, giving out two golden sashes to the most promising of the sand masters. He needed mastrells to help him with the Diem’s leadership. For some reason, he was having trouble focusing on his duties. It probably had to do with his depression, he guessed.

A knock came at his door.

 “Come in,” he said, still leaning against the carapace banister.

“Progress reports, sir,” Dirin explained, walking into the room. “I think Terr might be deserving of an undermastrell’s sash—he has been working hard, and the Overmastery-empowerment has effected him strongly."

Kenton nodded absently, barely giving Dirin’s forms a look. “Do as you think is best,” he said.

“Yes, sir,” Dirin said, bowing slightly. He turned, moving toward the door. But then, however, he paused.

“Sir?” he asked.

Kenton looked up.

“I don’t mean to be forward, sir ... .” Dirin began. “Speak your mind, Dirin,” Kenton said.

“Sir, you have to get over her,” Dirin said. “It’s been three months now."

“Get over her?” Kenton said, turning. “What are you taking about?"

Dirin blushed slightly. “The duchess, sir. She’s gone—

you shouldn’t let your loss affect your ability to lead.” Now Kenton blushed. “I don’t know what you’re talking about,” he mumbled. “Don’t you?” Dirin asked.

 Kenton frowned. The boy was growing more brave, lately. That wasn’t a bad thing—except when it came to questioning Kenton’s love life.

But, confronted with it, Kenton was forced to admit the truth in Dirin’s words. He missed Khriss. He missed her a lot. She dominated his dreams; her face always seemed to be hanging in the back of his mind. He longed to hear her annoying questions, and wished she were around to get angry at him. He hadn’t had a good argument since the Council vote three months before— everyone just did what he said.

Khrissalla, why did you have to go? But, he knew the answer to that. Responsibility was something he understood all too well now. He respected Khriss for returning to darkside to help her people—that was her duty. Of course, he could respect her for the decision and hate her for it at the same time.

Kenton sighed. Dirin was right, though. He had to do something—he wasn’t doing his own duty as long as he was focused on Khriss.

Get over her. He shook his head slowly. I don’t think so.

“Dirin, charter me a ship.”

 The boy frowned. Of course, he wasn’t really a boy—he never had been. He was only two years younger than Kenton, though everyone assumed he was younger.

“Where to, sir?” Dirin asked.

“Darkside,” Kenton announced with a smile.

“Sir?” Dirin asked with surprise. “But—"

“You’re in charge until I get back. You’ve been taking care of this place this entire time anyway."

Dirin’s eyes grew wide. “But, sir! I couldn’t. I’m not a mastrell, I’m just an acolent."

Kenton pulled off his golden sash. “Not any more, you aren’t."

“Sir, you can’t give that to me just because you are leaving,” Dirin said with a blush.

“That’s not the reason, Dirin,” Kenton said truthfully. “I was intending to give one to you anyway. You’re the weakest sand master I know, but you’re also the most competent. The Diem will prosper under your guidance. It’s stable now; everyone knows what to do. You have two new mastrells. They’ll help you—both are older men, who have been in the Diem for a long time. I suspect you three will do a much better job than I could anyway.”

 “I doubt that, sir,” Dirin replied, eyeing the sash indecisively.

“I’m good for a fight, Dirin,” Kenton said, “but I know my weaknesses. When there’s not a crisis, I’m hardly worth the gold in my sash. Trust me—you deserve this."

Dirin accepted the sash with wide, disbelieving eyes. Kenton smiled, patting him on the shoulder. Then he turned, looking out over the Diem and toward the horizon. He felt invigorated for the first time in months.

Well, Khriss, you came to dayside to find your prince. You’ll have to settle for me instead. I’m coming.

